asks Walker Percy, who might have been reading Montaigne before writing this inventive, sly, satirical inquiry into contemporary man's alienation from himself in a technological society.
There was speculation here today that Mr. Arce's sudden change of strategy was the result of events outside the talks here.
There were fears in Beirut that a quick Israeli withdrawal could lead to a bloodbath in the south similar to the one that followed Israel's pullout last year from the Shuf Mountains, with Shiites launching reprisals against Christians who have cooperated with the Israelis.
At the beginning of every new year and particularly every Presidential election year, people here wonder about the problem of continuity - particularly how to rescue the foreign policy of the United States from the capriciousness of politics.
A serious factual error was committed, however, in stating that only one other female Rabbi has served a congregation in Connecticut, and that was Rabbi Elizabeth Rolle in 1981-82.
Coming up are an album of ''Moore's Irish Melodies'' and an album of ''Gypsy Songs,'' both featuring the soprano Lucy Shelton; piano works by Schubert played by Richard Goode; Brahms played by Ivan Moravec, and Schumann by Charles Rosen; on Explorer, ''Spring Night on a Moonlit River: Music of the Chinese Zither''; and Morton Subotnick's own production of his ''Ascent Into Air'' and ''A Fluttering of Wings.''
A Federal district judge in New York agreed with him, but the appeals court reinstated the charges and the official is now expected to stand trial.
O'Brien partially blamed his inexperience for the Jets' problems tonight.
Chita Rivera is delightful within the limited confines of playing Pippin's naughty stepmother.
games last season to eliminate what he felt were unneccessary graphics and commentary.
Their collaboration was finally clinched by Mr. Coppola's daughter, Sofia, whom Miss Duvall met when they starred together ''Frankenwilly.''
It had been her idea, as she went to church the previous Sunday, to phone the Archbishop for a clarification of what he had said about her.
The wild cards in this registration game, of course, are Representative Ferraro and Mr. Jackson.
NATALIE G. RESSNER, Woodmere, L.I.
A similar argument was advanced recently by Milton Meiskin of Rye Brook, a member of the County Airport Advisory Board.
Brunei has opened an embassy in Washington, and an American Embassy has opened in Bandar Seri Begawan, Brunei's capital.
Prime Minister Rashid Karami, describing the Israeli policies in the south as ''inhumane,'' said the Government would consider filing a complaint to the United Nations.
In national tours which ranged from 3 weeks to 14 weeks, the company brought about two dozen works of the standard repertory, in English translation and with reduced orchestration, to small towns and college communities across the country, giving over 1,000 performances.
They learn auto mechanics, cosmotology, carpentry, electronics, business skills and other subjects, working alongside nondisabled students.
To the Editor: Former President Nixon's letter against moving the U.S. embassy to Jerusalem (May 29) reiterates the fundamental flaw of American policy in the Middle East: the belief that we can ''influence'' the Arab world to make peace with Israel.
Ken Griffey, running on his hobbled knees, barely missed two fly balls tonight that led to the Yankees' undoing in a 5-4 loss to the Twins.
This always left me uneasy, as presumably it has done to others of your readers.''
Richard McEvoy, the vice president of Carillon, which imports Absolut, suggested that in the case of his vodka, a higher natural glycerine content may be responsible.
Children have to be careful crossing streets and should, like the Germans, respect the stoplights and only use pedestrian crossings.
Some recent southbound runs have been sold out, but an Amtrak official said that there are usually enough last-minute cancellations to accommodate people on the waiting list, and he encouraged travelers to sign up for that list if their plans are at all flexible.
Mr. Simplesong moves his act around town.
Twenty-five piasters will make the driver very happy.
Mr. Harnisch did not return telephone calls seeking a response.
Jim Cann, a junior tailback for Clarkstown South, set a Rockland County record yesterday when he scored 7 touchdowns in a 54-6 rout of Clarkstown North.
Gasoline and heating oil futures posted their largest price increases in months.
In selling the city-owned building, officials said they had sought a buyer who could perform needed and overdue structural repairs.
''They are often abandoned and suffering.
I did catch 10 trout, but nearly all were hooked, in water less than 8 feet deep on a fly less than 3 feet below the surface, while I was rowing from one place to the other trolling my fly.
''If God is with me,'' came the words through the clear air, '' what do we have to fear?
''That's the year we started to see Carl's potential,'' his father said.
An October wedding is planned.
For example, Commissioner Stuart M. Statler, a Republican, said that Mrs. Steorts' picture appearing a dozen times in the agency's 40-page annual report was excessive.
While the chocolate mousse was not the equal of the cr eme caramel, it was light and very chocolaty.
Mayor Angelo Martinelli, a Republican, charged at a City Hall news conference today that the City Council, which has a Democratic majority, had refused to place a freeze on hiring and purchasing, and instead had ''launched a rash of employing new people'' over the past two weeks.
Asked about having so much money, Ann frowned.
''How would I know what a normal boy would do?
A few of these bands have furthered their ends with videos, but many of them, and most of the younger audience for underground or New Music groups are already involved in an anti- video backlash.
''I was in high school when my coach called me over and said, 'I want to show you this new event,' '' Banks said.
Similarly, one now sees frequent references to ''bicoastal'' people who go back and forth between New York and Los Angeles.
''In 1975 and 1976 when things were really in the soup, everybody was worried from one day to the next.
''This was a heck of a win,'' Shula said.
Their railroad flat in the West 70's was painted all white, the better to show off Diane's ''artistic clutter,'' which included the paper bags she liked to use, for their shape and texture, as purses.
This rate was for a variable mortgage with limits on how much interest rates can be adjusted each year.
B. Fiske for a sensitive account.
Tax increases pile unfair burdens on the people, hurt capital formation and destroy incentives for growth.
In the Continental case, Congressional analysts charged today that Federal regulators overestimated the number of banks that would have failed if the regulators had liquidated Continental rather than injecting billions of dollars to rescue it.
When the match finally resumed today, Miss Navratilova required only two minutes to close out the first set.
''I had thought it was too difficult to do,'' he admits.
The Mondale campaign pressed for a more formal structure.
This advantage has established Roma as a clear favorite, but only in Italy.
But when the building was completed in 1978, the units were rented unfurnished on one-, two-, and three-year leases.
Republicans - Broomfield, yes; Davis, yes; Pursell, yes; Sawyer, yes; Siljander, yes; Vander Jagt, yes.
Under the proposal, the state would buy the utilities through the sale of tax- exempt bonds by the New York Power Authority.
The report also criticized the New York area office for not collecting rent properly.
''Both 1980 and 1981 were super years for me,'' he said.
The panel was referring to the inmate uprising in 1971, when 43 inmates and workers were killed by the state police as the prison was retaken.
Miss Tanner said her office had accelerated its inquiry after Dr. Marks pleaded guilty to the Connecticut charges.
This was the more embarrassing owing to the President's cordiality and that of members of his Cabinet in Mexico City just the week before.
If it's really well done, you're not going to find it.''
''When I first joined the railroad, I just wanted a job where I could make more than $6 an hour,'' she said.
Called Citycaid, the five-year demonstration program began in 1980 and provided $77 million, half of it in Federal aid, to the hospital, which serves the Upper East Side and East Harlem.
The debate over the proposal highlighted the split in Democratic ranks: Leon E. Panetta of California was the chief proponent; George Miller, also from California, was the chief opponent.
Bishop Timlin, who will serve as the administrator of the diocese until a new bishop is appointed, said Bishop O'Connor had ''created excitement wherever he went.''
BASKETBALL NETS (NBA) - Signed Tom LaGarde, forward-center, and waived Mike Wilson, guard.
The investigations found that a large percentage of inspectors in two departments took bribes as a matter of course to overlook or speed up inspections of electrical power hookups, and sewer and water lines, including some used for firefighting.
With two out in the ninth and many in the crowd of 24,364 standing and screaming encouragement, Soto fired two strikes past Hendrick.
The bout will be staged at a 15,147- seat semi-permanent arena at Caesars Palace's tennis stadium.
Ladd produced three of the 14 films that Warner distributed last year.
A project of such scope and complexity would exceed the financial means of PBS.
offended fly fishermen by posing with two spinning rods.
''But neither can I condone creeping Israeli expansionism'' through Jewish settlements in the West Bank and Israel's annexation of all of Jerusalem.
He added that, with workers doing more tasks, ''there is feeling that we are more important, more valuable to the airline.''
Fiction1 AUGUST, by Judith Rossner.
Note- perfect in the music she actually played, that is; there were some memory slips, including the omission of the Trio in the Menuetto of the Beethoven Sonata in D (Op.
This is our great calling, all of us: To give God permission, to open our minds and hearts so that he can indeed work through us.
Among the recipients were Britain and the Soviet Union.
''The classiest block in town,'' he said.
In all probability, he can play productively two or three more more seasons.
''This is at very best inappropriate conduct and at the very worst disqualifying conduct or worse,'' he said.
''La Boh eme'' was originally written for 50 instruments or so, but a new orchestration by Michael Starobin has reduced that to 12.
''I want to stay in baseball, so I'm learning something new.
''What is it about the Soviet Union's gross attacks on the human rights and privileges of the Afghan people that make it so un-newsworthy for The New York Times and The Washington Post?''
It went through the burnout and the druggies and now there's action.''
After a stint as a director in London, he directed and co-produced the 1930 Broadway hit ''Penny Arcade,'' featuring James Cagney and Joan Blondell.
''He's only missed two Classics since then, and he still comes with me to visit the hospital.''
Mr. Cuomo emerged from a meeting of legislative leaders last Thursday saying that he believed the money should be repaid.
The earliest pieces date to 1850 - two primitive horses, loglike creatures that lack the details of those of the late 19th and early 20th centuries, when figures became much more lifelike.
NORTH S A 8 6 H K 4 3 D 10 6 2 C A 9 7 4 WEST S K Q J 10 9 4 3 H 5 D J 5 C J 10 3 EAST S 7 2 H J 10 9 7 2 D A Q 9 7 3 C 5 SOUTH(D) S 5 H A Q 8 6 D K 8 4 C K Q 8 6 2 East and West were vulnerable.
Two months later, Mr. Zaccaro borrowed $75,000 more from the estate.
''Balm in Gilead'' will be a co-production of Circle Rep and the Steppenwolf Company of Chicago, in association with Sherwin M. Goldman, a commercial producer, who is helping finance this unusual undertaking.
Once again, he added, ''the surprisingly good result on inflation underscores that we have cracked for a long, long time inflation as a major problem in the economy.''
The roster of songwriters reads like a hall of fame of the present-day musical theater; the sketches are by such literary sluggers as Roy Blount Jr. and John Lahr; the veteran director is Harold Prince, who, in an early season of his career, co-produced the all-time champ of baseball musicals, ''Damn Yankees.''
I can understand that someone would rather buy an apartment for $300,000 than for $360,000, but we have very limited access to making housing available for people in the city and given that, we cannot have our major housing program be a subsidy for luxury housing.
The hospital has repeatedly denied access to the records, and the courts have repeatedly upheld the hospital's position.
They listed ''very low wages, lack of stable employment, malnutrition with irreversible consequences for the future, the rise in infant mortality, the return of illnesses thought conquered.''
And once a hinge is lost, or the box cracked, it has proved impossible to find any source for a replacement.
Whether a buyer can be found, and what will happen if one cannot, are often-asked questions these days in this northeast Alabama city of 50,000.
For some months after the election, however, there may be a ''window of opportunity'' to work on resolving the problem.
The hardest hit may be the Compaq Computer Corporation, a two-year- old company that had $111 million in revenues last year.
The records indicated that they had been released on their own recognizance, along with Miss Green, and the error was not discovered until about 3 P.M. on Wednesday.
Instead, the puck went wide.
Mr. Vander Jagt said he felt the Republicans could pick up perhaps more than 25 seats in the House, making up for the loss of 26 in 1982.
You just concentrate on speed and technique.
This is not a left-right race.
Mr. Botha's strength, some commentators believe, lies in his dogged and stubborn ability to bulldoze through opposition and get his own way.
The magazine, which celebrated its 50th anniversary last year, has correspondents in 18 cities abroad and 11 in the United States.
Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Inc. Centrust Finance Corp., 750 shares, $100,000 par capital market preferred, NR/Aaa/AAA.
Provoked a Sacrifice Karpov's 15 .
Is the political situation under the interim Government stable?
Aurelio Lopez earned the victory after replacing the starter Dave Rozema, whose pitching arm had stiffened, with one out in the fifth.
There was Doug, a Vietnam vet who made shell jewelry, and Mickey, another veteran who climbed palms barefoot to retrieve fronds that he wove into women's purses, giant grasshoppers and other designs.
In the weeks before New Hampshire, Mr. Mondale ignored the attacks on him by his Democratic rivals and focused almost entirely on the Reagan Administration's economic and arms control policies.
Winfield began the inning with the first of his hits.
Feland : ''Of course in the army we use the word 'bandit' in a technical sense, meaning the member of a band.''
Course in Arbitration Miss Glade said the arbitrators are mostly lawyers, teachers and retired business executives.
''The pain started to throb ever harder then.''
Mr. Viola is also president of the Haymarket Bank, where 12 cashier's checks totaling $100,000 were purchased with cash by Mr. Anzalone, who later used the checks to buy municipal bonds in the names of Mrs. White and the Mayor's mother, Patricia H. White, according to the prosecution.
Smith, a freshman from Archbishop Molloy High School in Queens, was driving for a layup in the second half when he was sent sprawling to the floor by L.S.U.
* Bally Manufacturing Corp. , Chicago, which makes coin-operated amusement and gaming machines, is offering $125 million of subordinated debentures of its Six Flags Corp. subsidiary due in 1999 through Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. * Ryan Acceptance Corp. announced an offering of $20 million of its 12.5 percent G.N.M.A.-collateralized bonds, series P, due Sept. 28, 2014, through Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. Common Stock * Apollo Computer Inc. announced the offering of 3 million common shares at $22.125 a share through Morgan Stanley & Co. * Intermec Corp., Lynnwood, Wash., which makes a comprehensive line of bar code-related products, is offering 700,000 shares of common stock through Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. Ratings * Crystal Oil Co., Shreveport, La., has had the ratings on its senior subordinated debentures lowered from B2 to B3 by Moody's Investor Service.
The Senator opposed covert aid to the Nicaraguan insurgents, saying, ''I don't believe we should have covert activities to overthrow another government''; played a leading role in debates on the War Powers Resolution, because ''We learned in Vietnam that you cannot fight a war not supported by the American people,'' and opposed a school prayer amendment, because he feared religious coercion of children on the part of local government.
Yesterday, Mr. Manes declared that on the basis of a preliminary report released Thursday by the city's Department of Investigation, ''the time has come for Alvarado to step out of the picture permanently.''
Mr. Rossi said he had accompanied the man back into the apartment and found ''bodies all over the place.''
The two, who had climbed a fence to gain access to an electronic junction box to prepare for the prank, made the scoreboard substitute ''Cal Tech'' and its academic rival ''M.I.T.''
The town will also use revenue from a real estate tranfer tax collected by the newly formed Nantucket Land Bank, she said.
The Russians are also being accused of testing two new types of intercontinental ballistic missiles, rather than the single new type permitted under the terms of the second nuclear arms treaty.
The key problems I see are structuring the information system, to put together the computerized registration system for apartments.
No Decision What to Ask So great are Israel's economic requirements that Mr. Peres, his advisers and his Cabinet were still debating what to ask of the Americans as they prepared to leave Tel Aviv, and they were expected to continue debating until they walk into the Oval Office on Tuesday.
Tom Pritzker has three sons.
His response, made through his secretary, was ''ask the Americans.''
''The astronauts could actually go into space wearing our space suits,'' Mr. Manulis says.
Arizona officials persuaded the Reagan Administration to allow them to eliminate many elements of conventional Medicaid programs, such as freedom of choice of physicians and doctors' and hospitals' rights to bill the state for any services.
Bonnie Jill Newman, the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Alvin J. Newman of Sands Point, L.I., and Boynton Beach, Fla., was married yesterday to Mark Alan Epstein, the son of the late Mr. and Mrs. Robert S. Epstein of Wayne, N.J.
''It's a matter of each of us being in tune with the other,'' said Haji- Sheikh.
The quotations from Lincoln's writings and speeches are bound together by narrative passages, simple enough to mirror the dignity of Lincoln's words.
Mr. McRae, a former reporter for Jack Anderson, the columnist, says his research indicates that the Pentagon has spent about $6 million annually on psychic research in recent years, including studies of whether the human mind can send and receive radio waves of extremely low frequency.
She could give you those details.
Air moving from Arctic areas may be as cold as minus 30 degrees, he said, and when it moves over relatively warmer water it collects heat and moisture, forming storm clouds.
One of the big public festivities being planned for Jan. 21 is the Presidential Inaugural Parade, the 50th such event since sup porters of George Washington trooped behind him in tribute in 1789.
Japan has taken a first formal step to reshape its national school system, which has received praise from abroad for its efficacy but has been attacked by domestic critics for stifling creativity.
The forests of this splendid land are composed of pine, spruce and cedar, fir and tamarack, with stands of aspen, maple and birch.
After the Spencer Haywood hardship rule in the early 70's, only a handful of basketball players actually left early.''
Simenon Second jump Maigret's motto is ''to understand and not to judge,'' and indeed what elevates him in the genre is his passion to know the human heart.
The most prominent foreigner hurt in the explosion was Alfred R. Parsons, the Australian High Commissioner, or Ambassador, in London, who was in Brighton to observe the conference.
The participants in the heroin ring were said to include some members of the Gambino crime family as well as the Bonanno group and the Badalamenti group.
The arts, they agreed, bring measureless, if unmeasurable, benefits to those whom they touch - a higher sense of life and an enriched national spirit as well as enduring personal pleasure.
If the gift azalea is not labeled, a telephone call to the florist may get this information.
What the stars mean: (None) Poor to fairv Goodvv Very goodvvv Excellentvvvv Extraordinary These ratings reflect the reviewer's reaction to food and price in relation to comparable establishments.
Reiser played for the Brooklyn Dodgers for six years (1940-42 and 1946-48), the Boston Braves (1949-50), the Pittsburgh Pirates (1951) and the Cleveland Indians (1952), a total of 10 seasons.
The company's third-quarter report projects that the cost of completing the 1,150-megawatt plant in Waterford is up by $285 million from the most recent estimate of $3.54 billion, an increase of 8 percent from the last estimate.
The early, lean years may have forced him to mount certain productions in simple rehearsal tights, but he was fond of the big theatrical spectacle.
Rookie Leads Pacers For the Pacers, a reserve forward, Leroy Combs, also a rookie, was high with 15.
The new spring season, which will not affect the City Opera's regular summer-fall operatic schedule from July to November at the State Theater, is expected to have a marked impact not just on the City Opera itself, but also on the state of opera in this country.
If ''talking things out'' is disguised combat, a related fallacy is the healthiness of ''expressing your anger.''
The development plan will include the drilling of 180 wells, construction of six new drilling sites and the installation of oil-production and gas-handling facilities.
''That should give you a ballpark figure,'' he says.
To the Editor: Your Aug. 26 news article on the impact of the prospective-pricing system, which is being used to pay hospital bills under the Medicare program (''Medicare Limits Make Hospitals Careful on Costs'') states that ''hospital care accounts for two-thirds of the program's total cost; physicians' services account for the rest.''
''We are seeing a gradual acceleration in inflation,'' said Donald J. Ratajczak of Georgia State University.
Forming the Friendly Sons In 1784, the Irish presence became solid fact with the founding of the Friendly Sons of St. Patrick, by Irishmen, both Catholic and Protestant, and the establishment of St. Peter's Church on Barclay Street, as the first Roman Catholic church in New York.
Besides the feasts (beef, chicken, sausages, potato salad, beans, pecan pie and pralines), he had city slickers square dancing, pitching horseshoes and trying to figure out how cowboys twirl their ropes.
for Congressional and public affairs, said today that from 1980 on, Mrs. Ogorodnikova, who is 34 and worked as a private nurse, cooperated with the bureau, providing what was regarded as good information.
''When I sleep I can forget this sad incident.
John Reaves threw three touchdown passes and Gary Anderson ran for two scores tonight as the Tampa Bay Bandits beat the Washington Federals, 37-19, in a United States Football League game.
It was described as reflecting the unanimous view of committee members that the Senate rules had been broken by Mr. Helms.
Also of interest this week: J"org Immendorff (Mary Boone, 417 West Broadway): Like his friend A. R. Penck, the West German Neo- Expressionist J"org Immendorff is concerned, if not obsessed with the personal experience and global implications of living in a divided country.
Arabs Still Urge Direct Talks Moreover, an American-P.L.O.
Worse, the $8.7 billion is conditioned on a Presidential promise of no further cuts for two years!
''The Governor has said repeatedly he is not convinced an evacuation plan would be adequate, even with the county's participation,'' Mr. Russert added.
Tetraploid - A plant having four rather than two sets of chromosomes.
''Papillons,'' like many similarly episodic works by Schumann calls for a pianist to let go and indulge in the kinds of temperamental extravagances that might be offensive in the music of other composers.
Yesterday the figures were called into question by a variety of sources in Lebanon, whose own numbers ranged widely.
Ousting a MayorA recent newspaper survey showed no enthusiasm for any political group.
Mr. Granger was his son's best man.
''The problem has been around for years,'' added Tom Readyoff, principal of Mahopac High School, ''but the county's DWI program and groups like Students Against Drunk Driving have helped bring into focus not only the problem of drinking at graduation time but the problem of drinking in general.''
They're not deterred by rhetoric.
Married to a Lebanese, Mrs. Hijazi is perhaps the uncrowned queen of Middle East evacuations, having been escorted out of Cairo in 1956 and Beirut in 1967, 1975 and 1982 with the help of the American Government.
The fiberglass styrene fumes from a manufacturing plant a block away caused stomach aches, headaches and chest pains at the Sylvan Park School in the Van Nuys area, schools officials said.
Less intelligible are Robert Grosvenor's two right angles defined by masking tape and steel tape on white paper.
In any case, to make television an effective instrument of politics means using television techniques.
And they believe that an oft-cited iron rule of American politics, that elections are won at the center of the spectrum, will eventually hold true.
''The amount of rain and the way it has been scheduled has been very good for Broadway,'' said Philip Smith, executive vice president of the Shubert Organization.
But he gave no hint of changed Soviet positions.
ON the first green at Winged Foot in the first round of the 1974 United States Open, Jack Nicklaus tapped his 20-foot putt.
Given the work and its history of incomplete and mixed authorship, one could not really expect a performance of notable finesse or suavity.
If we were, we would hardly have taken the positions that we have in defense of human life all across the board.
Investors not interested in orange juice were scarce in the post Christmas week.
Retail sales and property values are climbing, and parking downtown during business hours can be impossible.
''They keep rolling out that truck because they don't have any other proof,'' Mr. MacMichael said.
''We are looking at these procedures again now,'' he said.
A new generation of equipment is being - or just has been - installed there.
''Hart said, if things could be worked out that would be fine with him,'' said one Kennedy aide.
But, Mr. Mindell warns, just because a contract is wordy doesn't mean it isn't binding.
We just have to overcome that.
Steve Sewell, a senior running back who did not carry the ball in the first half, went straight ahead from the 5 for the score that brought the Sooners within 10-7.
Jones admitted the Knicks had thrown a scare into his team, which has lost just once in eight games.
Turtles found crawling or lodged in the seaweeds range from three to six inches long, Dr. Carr said, and he acknowledged that it might seem unlikely that such ''little, helpless creatures at that tender age are getting out into the open sea and living there for a year'' before moving, in maturity, closer to shore, where they feed off the sea bottom.
Brooklyn Polish ''This is still very much a Polish neighborhood,'' said John Zawisny, in response to a visitor's question.
''That is the biggest advantage of being an agency.''
One bill would make it a Federal crime for a foreign diplomat in the United States ''to use a firearm to commit a felony.''
Citibank's deposited-check-returned charge is $3, and Chase's is $4.50.
''I can't name the number.
PETER SAMMARTINO Rutherford, N.J., Aug. 21, 1984
He is attracted to motorcycles, he said, by ''the thrill of it all.''
The third and least common type develops between the uterine wall and the outer covering of the pelvic cavity, giving fibroids so much space in which to grow that they can become extremely large.
Because ''there's no way of shutting off the flow of interruptions from 9 to 5,'' Motherwell says, he is forced to work on his paintings at night.
There are highlights: the Spanish painter Juan Genoves's eerie, filmstrip-like painting of a political abduction scene; Thomas Bayrle's witty collotype, ''Call Me Jim,'' a vast paranoia of ant-size trains and autos whose paths keep intersecting, and Robert Morris's onyx fragment of a plaque surmounted by a skull, ripped from the facade of a ''body composter.''
Judge Kittrell said, however, that he believed the Legislature intended to allow ''the court itself, and not the jury, to be the final sentencing authority.''
Dr. Gottlieb, a composer and author, teacher and former assistant to Leonard Bernstein during his New York Philharmonic years, will accompanying himself on piano and discuss ideas about the Jewish influence on songs of Tin Pan Alley, Broadway and Hollywood.
Would continue strategic modernization program that includes MX missile, B-1 bomber and Trident 2 submarine-launched ballistic missile.
Placed Ken Dennard, forward, on the injured list.
In an interview, they defended the merger against criticism that spending such vast amounts of money contributes little to the nation's industrial strength.
A number of other city and cab officials, and even drivers, agree.
The words most often used to describe Mr. Bieber, by both auto company officials and his union associates, are ''honest,'' ''decent'' and ''careful.''
A few years ago, in The New York Times Magazine, Collins wrote about McEnroe and quoted him as having said that he never threw a tantrum when playing Bjorn Borg because he had to conserve all his energy for the battle with the stoic Swede.
The issue is expected to dominate the next session of the General Assembly, which convenes Feb. 8.
Mr. Kaye said shoes represented the fastest-growing phase of the off- price retailing field.
But that approach has been changing in recent months as CNN has promoted some of its more visible anchors in an effort to boost the channel's viewing audience.
Characters barter and cheat and sell each other out, engage in ''creative financing'' and obtain stolen game plans, but there is remarkably little depiction of action on the field.
Third, the penalties levied against the nonconforming male - charges of immaturity, irresponsibility and latent sexual deviancy - had to be neutralized or inverted.
and stickhandle O.K., but his main asset is passing.
The British Army sends troops, ostensibly to train in the deserts and forests.
She believes, based on information that she has received from ''friends in criminal justice,'' that the Republicans leaked information on her family through Federal law-enforcement agencies to blacken her candidacy, a charge a spokesman for the Reagan-Bush campaign dismissed as a ''ridiculous thought.''
Private love letters, whispered asides and knock-knock signals between dressing rooms all converge in a climactic moment of ensemble cringing.
South Africa's insistence that Moscow is masterminding events in Angola reflects its argument, designed to elicit Western support, that the battle in southern Angola is part of a wider campaign against Marxist advances in Africa.
But Miss Leonard had given up acting and taken a secretarial job at Debbie Reynolds's rehearsal studios in North Hollywood when a friend suggested her for a role in a Los Angeles production of ''Women Behind Bars.''
Documents obtained last year by Jon Wiener, an associate professor of history at the University of California at Irvine, disclosed that agents followed Mr. Lennon for months before the 1972 Republican National Convention because it was feared he would lead a demonstration against Richard Nixon.
As a reader, I am irate about the editorial changes that have diluted the content and meaning of a hometown paper.
Corcoran walked to reload the bases, then Samuel, batting for the second time in the inning, doubled to left to score Diaz and DeJesus.
Indeed, many observers have been outraged by the escalation of explicit sexuality and violence in ''Body Double'' and have wondered why the movie received an R rather than an X rating.
Scientists are beginning multiyear experiments with groups of smaller plants and tree seedlings in atmospherically controlled chambers.
From a third, higher platform in the center, rising out of the orchestra, Christus sang.
Baldwin-United sold 163,000 annuities for a total of $3.7 billion in all 50 states before insurance regulators in Arkansas and Indiana took over its six insurance subsidiaries last summer.
OAKLAND (AL) - Traded Tim Stoddard, pitcher, to Cubs for Stan Kyles, pitcher, and player to be designated.
,'' opposing bills now in Congress that would provide ''equal access'' for religion to high schools that permit student extracurricular activities on other subjects, announces somewhat prematurely that those bills are unconstitutional.
Reports on a series of safety problems discovered at the Indian pesticide plant in 1982, and a series of steps taken to correct those deficiencies, were distributed to the press this week, but only after much of the information had been reported by an Indian newspaper.
Metromedia Inc. said it had agreed in principle on a settlement with stockholders who filed a class- action suit challenging the proposed acquisition of the communications company.
Less obvious, perhaps, but equally important is the survival of commercial buildings erected for late 19th- century shopkeepers on the town's Main Street and the adjacent Merchant's Row.
Two dining rooms, the downstairs room warmly lighted with French Art Deco overtones and beautifully appointed tables, the upstairs room in romantic French-moderne furnishings.
The three losers were Tom Vandergriff of Texas and Robin Britt and James McClure Clarke of North Carolina.
Mr. Williams added that one way the bank was trying to increase its presence in Washington and Oregon was by providing introductions in Japan for the ports of Tacoma, Wash., and Portland, Ore., which are both eager to attract more international business.
in 1984 is expected to expand by 4 percent, fueled by even higher levels of exports.
The Preservation of American Free Enterprise, a tax-exempt group with which Mr. Brant was connected, made no charitable contributions, according to New York State records.
In another development regarding drug dealers, Police Commissioner Benjamin Ward said ''rookie'' officers assigned to Harlem last winter as part of a crackdown on narcotics sales were ''intimidated'' by veteran dealers.
The defense therefore took the first five tricks, and Rubin exited with a spade.
To a degree, Hiroshima's problems are the concerns of any big city.
Certainly that's not the only reason.
''For all I knew, I might have been flying back to California instead of standing here now.
They did not hit a field goal until 4:38 remained - 10 misses in all - and scored only 12 points.
For this reason, the annual ocean inner-tube race, for the benefit of local charities, is held in the third week in September, drawing thousands of people back for an afternoon of fun.
''Such statements certainly do not square with the expressed desire of the Soviet leadership, cited even by Mr. Gromyko in his speech, for a productive dialogue with the United States.''
''Carry it on,'' were the mother's last words to him, Dr. Bailey said.
Anniversary Ceremony Today was the anniversary of the truck-bomb explosion at the Marine barracks at Beirut International Airport that led to the death of 241 American servicemen.
Just how these films fade was demonstrated in another of this year's festival entries, Kon Ichikawa's 1965 ''Tokyo Olympiad.''
''There have been pregnancies, but they have never gone full term, usually because the cardiac patient did not want to,'' Dr. Key said.
In general terms, Mr. Nitze and I briefed the European allies in countries where missiles were to be based and the North Atlantic Council on these developments during the fall of 1982, and met with strong support.
The conference audience listened while four fathers sat on stage with their children and talked of the way fathers relate to daughters and sons in the areas of discipline, support, friendship and expectation.
''There is no way the commission could reverse the decision,'' said Col. Don Hull, the president of the international federation.
In League V play, John Glenn shut out Amityville, 24-0, holding the Warrior offense to 133 total yards.
The welfare rolls are growing, as are the number of homeless people.
''But I think it will ultimately.''
Today's kids don't remember Lennie Wilkens, Johnny Egan, Jimmy Walker, Mike Riordan or John Thompson.
''He's after quarter-by-quarter earnings growth.''
A television review May 2 of the ''Complete Gilbert and Sullivan'' on Channel 13 incorrectly attributed the libretto of ''Cox and Box.''
which he and Murray Horwitz conceived and staged.
2 Sea Bright, N.J.: Flounder and weakfish are being caught off Monmouth and Sea Bright beaches, and striped bass from Sandy Hook to Sea Bright, both off the beach and trolling.
After intermission, the clarinetist joined his own ensemble for a rousing survey of klezmer music.
b-Including investment gains of $2,350,000 for the latest year and $217,000 for the previous year.
Impressive Performance Before he left the game, Sampson showed why he probably will be voted rookie of year.
Jones, teamed with Mel Colchamiro of Merrick, L.I.
It is easy to see how empty this land was until a few years ago.
One would be to extend F.D.I.C.
A particular favorite is the Level of Equity Offerings, the movement of which has coincided with long-term tops and bottoms.
Mr. McCarthy, who was 68 years old today, left the Senate in 1970 to pursue a teaching and writing career.
Troops who visited guerrilla- controlled areas only for military operations now visit towns regularly and compete with the left for support of the peasants.
The other teams selected were Fordham (19-14), St. Peter's (23-5), Notre Dame (17-11), Creighton (17- 13), Boston College (17-11), Pittsburgh (16-12), Weber State (22-7), Michigan (18-10) and Ohio State (15- 13), Also, Southwestern Louisiana (20- 8), La Salle (20-10), Florida (16-12), Georgia (17-12), Tennessee (19-13), Georgia Tech (19-12), St. Joseph's (20-8), Marquette (16-12), Iowa State (16-12), Wichita State (18-11), Oregon (16-12), Lamar (25-4), Old Dominion (20-10), Florida State (19-10), Nebraska (17-11), Santa Clara (22-8), South Alabama (22-7), Virginia Tech (18-12), Utah State (19-10), Tennessee-Chattanooga (23-6), Xavier of Ohio (20-10) and New Mexico (24-10).
Doug Melvin, the team's batting practice pitcher and computer whiz, is expected to take McNertney's place.
For most of his nine years at the power authority he was the plant manager at the James A. FitzPatrick nuclear reactor in upstate Scriba.
He did not try to make the thorniest pages sound sweet, certainly, but his command over the score's design was entire.
Philip Trusttum (Kornblee Gallery, 20 West 57th Street): A New Zealander making his American debut, Philip Trusttum celebrates his family's doings in big, folksy collages that cleverly combine drawing and painting with cloth cut-outs.
The cause of the explosion was unknown.
8:30-11:15 P.M. - Women's compulsories.
Equitable Family Challenge, first round, at the National Tennis Center, 9 A.M. Other Events Golf: Bank of Boston Classic, PGA Tour event, second round, at Sutton, Mass.
That was the spot from where they watched over the garden when they were not dozing.
''I've got a wife, a daughter - I had to get myself together,'' he said.
But the Administration seemed stunned by the vehemence of the sentiment on Capitol Hill against the mining.
had paved the way, commercially and artistically, for an American theatrical form in which script, song and dance merged to create drama as well as escapist, fairy-tale entertainment.
General Gorman said the Salvadoran Army had performed well recently and had captured some of the arms displayed because it had begun to receive more intelligence from guerrilla defectors and peasants.
One might try Louisa's for dinner on Friday for seafood or fresh pasta dishes.
At the hospital, doctors placed Jimmy in a phenobarbital, or drug-induced, coma.
You could call blue bay leaf or teal, baltic or sea spray, but as soon as you put the word blue in it, the color would die.
Mr. Quinn does not take his eyes from the canvas.
Can scientists, no special priesthood, as Mr. Gould says, or their students, even separate the two?
''If we were able to win every game and not develop talent, we'd be missing the boat.
Either way, the discovery is bound to spur further extraterrestrial exploration for planetary systems that might give astronomers clues into how our solar system evolved.
''That seems a little dishonest,'' he said.
He commented: ''The truth is that there has been a lot of progress in labor relations.
''Given the potential consequences of a serious breach of our national security through espionage,'' the judge wrote, ''this court finds that capital punishment for espionage is not uniformly disproportionate to the severity of the offense.''
It was loaded with 4 white diplomatic sacks like the 18 taken away on Thursday and about 50 pieces of hand luggage, then it drove away.
In Japanese inns, you should give 2,000 to 3,000 yen ($8.50 to $13) to the woman who takes care of your room and serves dinner and breakfast.
There are some churchmen in Nicaragua, including many Jesuits, who find themselves capable of making leaps of political faith in order to support an audacious revolutionary process, however flawed.
''One possibility we are looking into,'' he continued, is ''to have a number of the computer industry tenants in the uptown area consolidate some of their showrooms and offices,'' using some of the atrium space for displays for shoppers.
''We always sit in the same seats,'' said Mr. Kitchner, a sturdily built man with milk-white hair who is retired from a nearby paper company.
But we poison our society when we remove its theological underpinnings.
Instead, it said: ''The complaints of police misconduct placed side by side with the police responses to those allegations together demonstrate the degree to which the Police Department and many citizens are not communicating.
The vision of progress is no longer blinding, but neither is it dead.
But, he adds, the slippage has been no less for Congress, the military and other government institutions.
Something funny was happening, and he could only see one plausible explanation: West had begun with J-10-8-2 and had made a foolish play of the ten.
Mahre, 26 years old, of Yakima, Wash., has won three World Cup overall titles since then and goes into the XIV Olympic Winter Games as the acknowledged best all-round male skier in the world.
Despite the budget increases, some of which were attributable to inflation and equipment purchases, the Government in 1983 announced a drop in the number of tests to 14.
There is one other method for lowering Westchester's bills, according to Mr. Balet and Mr. Price, without stringing a single foot of new transmission line.
Throwing Out The Good Stuff As in any large bureaucracy, the left and right hands of the Defense Department sometimes display what might tactfully be called an uncoordinated independence.
All of this makes it an unwieldy and complicated process.''
People Express, which began low-cost service in 1981 and now flies to about 20 cities in the United States and to London, said it had not determined on which routes the aircraft would be used.
Fellow Republicans walked quietly over to Mr. Packwood's desk, and offered both their sympathy and praise.
Kemp and Thompson were teammates for three years in Detroit.
Among these is the Novotel, at 226 West 52d Street and Broadway, a French-owned facility that will feature regional French cooking and a 126-seat brasserie overlooking the intersection of Broadway and 52d Street.
Having won the national championship as determined by the news- agency polls in 1980, Walker's freshman season, and having then contended for it the last two years, Coach Vince Dooley of Georgia began the season wondering how he would compensate for the loss of Walker, who left school last winter after his junior season to sign with the Generals.
South African blacks must carry passes at all times to show that they have the right to be in an urban area.
He says the Indians are victims of ''ethnocide,'' which he defines as an attempt ''to tear the very fabric of the meaning of life apart.''
Mr. Sullivan declined to confirm this, although he said the bank and the Comptroller had agreed on the write-offs.
The splendid tree is balanced in a shallow tin of water looking as if it would live forever - green-spicy, sharp-needled - and such tinsel, such trinkets ablaze on the boughs, a glass-glitter of icicles, angel's hair, strings of colored lights plugged to a socket!
Raul Gonzales, head of the National Bar Association, announced his withdrawal in a letter accusing the investigating body of ''bias against the Aquino family'' and of lack of credibility.
He added that they would not decide whether to renew the $444 million offer until they had had ''time to consider all the implications.''
It was $88.7 million in the last quadrennium, up from $26 million in the 1977-1980 period and only $13 million in the 1973-1976 quadrennium.
In 40 games, Murray compiled a 4.48 earned run average, permitted a total of 135 hits and walks in 94Y innings and was rapped for a .531 batting average by the first batters he faced in each relief appearance.
But we have to be very realistic about what has taken place in the area and about our interests in the area and the impact of what happens in Nicaragua to our friends in the region.''
The Spring Festival traditionally encompasses seven days of preparations and three days of celebrations, though the weekend this year stretches the holiday to four days.
''They get ahead,'' Parcells said, ''and other people throw.
That combination produces a mileage rating of 24, city, and 37, highway, and Chrysler offers an optional 20-gallon tank, meaning a cruising range of more than 700 miles.
They see the Reagan Administration's hostility to the credits as another sign of mounting protectionist pressures in the United States as an overvalued dollar prices American companies out of foreign markets.
He chooses them for a duty, for a responsibility, for His glory.
Now, the undefeated former Army combat engineer is the thin man, compared to Greg Page, his opponent Aug. 31 in Las Vegas, Nev., for the United States Boxing Association heavyweight title.
On the wall in the Pentagon office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Public Affairs, Michael I. Burch, there hangs a straw boater bearing a ribbon inscribed ''Reagan-Bush '84.''
For a nation with a weak sports tradition, once dismissed as the ''sick man of Asia,'' Olympic medals carry the symbolic weight of China's struggle for recognition as a world economic power.
If the intention was to make the Americans fighting mad, the strategy worked, at least in Tate's case.
His place will be filled by the guard Russ Grimm or the reserve lineman Rick Donnalley.
Only heart disease, cancer and strokes kill more people than accidents in the United States, and among people from 1 to 38 years old, accidents are the leading cause of death, the council said.
Some sort of debates are likely.
K.K.R., whose bid was given unusually close consideration, is understood to have offered $87.50 a share, with slightly more than half in cash.
Thus far, such operations have been conducted by floor traders and other professionals who buy in one market and simultaneously sell in the other.
That's the way ski racing goes.
Lundine (D) N N PENNSYLVANIA 1.
A similar movement is now under way to work out new forms of undergraduate social life.
Of her husband she said: ''He was absolutely determined that I not falter in my career.
''I think Phil Rizzuto has finally flipped.
George Collins, the head of fixed-income investing at T. Rowe Price Associates, an investment advisory firm in Baltimore, said that the rally in the long bond market, where prices have increased nearly 5 points since July 5, is partly a correction from the sharp increase in rates earlier in May and June, when bond yields flirted with 14 percent.
''By the time we got around to getting the President to make the Jan. 16 speech,'' one State Department official said, ''the Politburo was locked into their own hard-nosed policy that they were not going to change unless we made all the concessions up front, something they knew we could not do.''
Other cautionary tales in the book range from the attempt to frame Alexander Pantages of the Pantages movie-theater chain on a morals charge to the life and death of James Dean.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
With these strategies, the firms seek to make small profits by taking advantage of price disparities between options on stock indexes and the underlying stocks.
Once Biff accepts who he is - and who his father is - the catharic recognition seems to break through Mr. Malkovich (and the theater) like a raging fever.
Ragtag groups of young men, many in bright red opposition T-shirts, strode gaily through the narrow dirt streets Friday night, shouting and throwing firecrackers.
The strike at the General Motors Corporation was tentatively settled on Sept. 21, six days after it began.
''The basic message that we give is that there's generally no need to buy a cable-ready set and that the responsibility falls to consumers to ask questions before they buy.''
Corporate Surcharge Tax ''I'd rather have someone with a mop or a wrench in their hand than a pencil,'' said David L. Gunn, the president of the authority.
In addition, under-the-table appearance and prize money is common.
The man who briefly held the world championship in 1957 put inventive, energetic maneuvers on the board, taxing his youthful opponent's tactical ingenuity in defense.
Between the menu listings and the daily specials there are rarely more than 10 entrees.
Everything was done, not even first class, but better than that - to excess, really.
Gains at Conoco William R. Young, senior vice president and chemicals analyst at Dean Witter Reynolds, said, ''We had estmated $1.45 a share, but physical shipments were slightly better than expected across the board in chemicals and also in the natural gas segment of Conoco.''
Mr. Riccardo said that a susbsidiary of Ciba-Geigy had received F.D.A.
As the author of a fine comedy I might have ventured.
Another is on a United States Coast Guard cutter.
Since business people often must fly on quick notice, they are unable to use discount fares that have restrictions.
The French Government pays the salaries and benefits of all teachers in both private and public schools.
And the third line, which identifies the author as the ''author of articles on sports nutrition for The New York Times.''
They have only a dozen aging planes and remain highly vulnerable to sabotage raids.
Dr. Hyman, through his lawyer, Thomas Casey, denied the accusations and said he had cooperated with Federal authorities by turning over financial records.
Mario Aleman, said Government soldiers had touched off at least 29 mines in their campaign to clean Corinto harbor and that eight of the soldiers had been wounded in the effort.
Founder Criticizes Leaders But he said the current leaders had abdicated that role.
Then press down firmly on the straightedge to keep it from slipping while the cut is being made (wetting the underside of the straightedge will help keep it from slipping, as will putting strips of masking tape on the bottom of the straightedge).
The Administration also reacted to the imposition of martial law by opposing new agricultural and trade credits for Poland, by restricting high technology exports and by opposing Poland's participation in the International Monetary Fund.
Michael Friedman, director of operations at the Jewish Board of Family and Children's Services, spoke about the pervasive nature of family violence.
He sped to Jerusalem, only to find thousands of Arabs and Israelis dancing arm-in-arm in the streets.
The latest year results include charges of about $59,387,000, including $20,981,000 related to operations of its Oak-Adec Inc. unit, which designs and installs energy management systems.
General James A. Abrahamson, the departing head of the shuttle program, said at a post-landing news conference here.
Mr. Ward likes low riders, especially exotic ones with pistons on all four wheels that can hop up and down.
The cost of living, according to official statistics, increased threefold last year and was up another 50 percent in the first three months of this year.
Peoples Drug Stores is to be acquired by Imasco Ltd., a diversified Canadian company, in a deal worth $320 million.
Recently, I have heard guy gain frequency.
To look carefully at Judy now is to see the traces of a handsome woman.
In addition, in March 1983, more than 3,000 drums of organic chemicals were discovered buried in the dump.
Can he ask people to vote for Mondale?
b-Includes a one-time after-tax gain of $1,000,000 from the restructuring of a retirement benefits program for non-U.S. employees.
On March 29, Judge Barnard found Mr. Diaz guilty of the killings at two Riverside County hospitals in 1981.
The well designed optical view finder also incorporates a level that is visible while the picture is being taken.
Magdelena, 8, has warmed up the women professionals in recent months but will have to limit her travel next year to compete in Bulgarian age-group championships.
Up to now, car repair workers have been able to choose the jobs they wish to do through a process called ''the pick.''
Others respect your choice of following your heart.
In fact, the Administration made clear today that it would oppose any major restrictions on the network of libraries housing the papers of seven of the nation's former Presidents.
''More and more people are coming over to Palm Beach just to look at the homes and window shop,'' William Moss said with a sigh.
He was released in training camp but was invited back this year, and it was with undisguised pleasure that he told the reporter of making the team as the third quarterback.
McNeil is in his fourth year with the Jets.
The rate of financing has dropped nationally.
Black Angola may indeed be ready for a grudging coexistence with the white racists next door, a path already taken by a similarly weakened and bullied Mozambique.
The metal must be cleaned and polished, then recoated with clear lacquer.
He also participated in two British challenges for the America's Cup, aboard the Endeavour in 1934 and on the Sceptre in 1958.
Ah, I can hear someone say, all this talk about ''revisiting'' Indonesia - you know, it has nothing to do with Indonesia, it is only a euphemism, a pretext for wanting to flip backward through calendars in pursuit of youth gone by.
Langston limited the Yankees to six hits in eight innings, which in itself was effective pitching.
How Areas Are Affected Chase informed its employees of the outline of its program through an article in its publication Chase Business.
''I worry every day about my children, about the values they're being taught in the United States and about how they're losing their cultural identity as Afghans.
The Abortion Rights Mobilization invited him on Jan. 14 to its"people's hearing" on Jan 19.
Panama and El Salvador are also in the midst of transitions to democracy.
About 95 percent of the six million Dominicans are Roman Catholic.
He didn't want to leave the jungle.
You could just tell, the way he shifted his feet and changed position.
Presumably the fact that he includes in his stories real people - and some characters who are easily recognizable as disguises of real ones - gives him a power of comment and revelation no reporter ever has.
The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee is asking the Federal Election Commission to investigate the relationship between President Reagan's campaign committee and the National Conservative Political Action Committee.
The tone becomes lighter as Evelyn Shepard skips with her usual warmth through the second solo, ''Ballade in a Popular Style.''
Network officials say that in most areas it will still be heard after the regular programming.
For the last five years Eddie Robinson has hinted that his Grambling Tigers needed tougher competition in the annual Whitney M. Young Jr. Memorial Football Classic.
Nothing would hurt the soul of our beloved Indira Gandhi more than the occurrence of violence in any part of the country.
The syndicate, which is supported by 15 affiliated yacht clubs, unloaded its new 12-Meter America II in Perth last week.
India's own rapidly expanding domestic oil-exploration program is expected to make the country self-sufficient within a decade.
Few Details on Imposter In the month before the bombing, the imposter traveled with a Swedish journalist and television producer, Peter Torbiornsson, who has been working on a documentary on Central America, and his Bolivian assistant, Luis Fernando Prado.
He was limited by a foot injury earlier in the year, when Roger Craig of the 49ers took a short pass, faked Carson out of position and scored a touchdown.
The penalty by Sanchez came in the 57th minute.
Deep-Fried Soft-Shell Crabs 8soft-shell crabs, cleaned 2eggs, well beaten 1/4cup cold water Salt if desired and freshly ground pepper to taste 1 1/2cups fine fresh bread crumbs 1/2cup flour 6cups peanut, vegetable or corn oil Dill mayonnaise (see recipe).
She will bear further hearing, that is certain.
The entire work, even allowing for a finale that tended to be superficially bright, busy and brassy in a Hindemithy style, may just be the best thing Mr. Schuller has produced in a long time.
A change only in inflection and the audience is faced with a vacuous 13-year-old pregnant Valley Girl who talks pure stream-of-consciousness.
Unless a buyer is found by July 17 for the Phoenix Pride, which plays in the Major Indoor Soccer League, the team will not operate next season.
''I wanted to get a simple screen, get the ball into Joe Washington's hands and go downfield with it,'' Gibbs said.
The Governor, while insisting that the reports from his staff were premature, said he was looking toward establishing a subsidiary of the State Urban Development Corporation to promote development in economically troubled western New York, including Buffalo.
Five plays later, Hawkins scored a 1-yard touchdown.
It is not our goal to acquire subsidies for conservatives from the Reagan Administration.
When the main story bogs down, Mr. Forsyth simply throws in a subplot about office politics inside British Intelligence, or summons an allusion to a real-life event such as the Falkland crisis, or a previous spy scandal.
If Joan Peters's book is presented in a one- sided and polemical style, as the reviewer asserts, it is clearly flawed.
Only in one major way does Barkum not fit Parcells's early diagram.
b-Net loss after a loss of $61,777,000 for the quarter from discontinued operations.
Without such ''weep holes'' the water could build up enough pressure behind the wall to buckle it or to cause the base of the wall to slide forward, thus weakening the entire structure.
Yes, possibly; but there's surely more to it than that.
You assert that this would ''encourage industrial expansion.''
Children become fidgety and don't want to go to school.''
Mohawk said the fourth-quarter results would also reflect provisions for close-downs and severance costs applicable to activities in Los Gatos, Calif., as a result of further consolidation of advanced development activities.
The installation would help reduce the emission of sulfur dioxide, a prime source of acid rain.
Five years after its life expectancy ended, it would have to be replaced or dug out and maintained, to extend its life.
After nine years we want to repaint the asbestos shingles on the outside of our house, using a latex paint.
''My life has been an open book because I don't know how to disguise myself.
Norstar Bancorp Inc., a $7.2 billion bank holding company, said today that it had bought Chapdelaine & Company, a government securities brokerage, and had completed the previously announced $9.2 million acquisition of the Bank of Long Island.
Mr. Anderson, 28 years old, testified that he did not burn the flag in front of Dallas City Hall on Aug. 22, but said he supported the political protest.
In Aberdeen, a boom town of North Sea oil, Miss Morris loves ''the brio of capitalism in the raw.''
One of the most surprising discoveries was that fish survived in one of the lakes that appeared to be a death zone.
Fontrix is the only software I have seen with enough dots to print really solid black type or even negative type, that is, a solid black background with the letters in dropout white.
Thus, in an old interview we hear Mr. Lowenstein say, ''I try to make people realize how powerful their political strength is whenever they get discouraged,'' and ''Elections belong to the people - that's what they tend to forget.''
''It was a three-inch shot,'' Coach Stan Albeck of the Nets said.
Directions from New York City: Take the Long Island Expressway east to Glen Cove Road, Exit 39S.
A group that lobbies for tougher gun laws says Senate Judiciary Committee members, who last week voted to ease the nation's gun control law, received $171,334 in campaign help from the pro- gun lobby.
In his insuating ''How Ya Baby,'' and throughout, Mr. Ramsey has an eloquent way of incorporating his suspenders into his performance.
(Television - Channel 4, 9 A.M.) Other Events Auto Racing: Budweiser Grand Prix at Cleveland (Television - ESPN 1 P.M.).
But Charles Ludington, who is uninsured, will get nothing.
Would add $30 billion to key domestic programs to partially restore spending cut by Reagan Administration.
It is plain that those who could not afford college would be forced to abandon their dreams of ever becoming doctors or lawyers.
Metropolitan A drive on underworld motor fuels has been begun by New York State.
Badali said that Gretzky was in the third year of a contract that runs through the 1990 season.
A border dispute had erupted in the northeast, near Lake Chad, and there had been skirmishes with troops from Chad.
to make its own Intel 8088 microprocessors for its Personal Computer line.
One of their improvements is in better protecting their goalie, Steve Penney, from having to make rebound saves.
''He expects people to do what they are asked,'' said Richard Pearson, T.W.A.
A Blessing Sought *hrough an interpreter, Mr. Tuwhangai told what he had said to Uenuku, a sculpture of an ancestral war god.
Jonathan Gray, a thrift-industry analyst for Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, estimates that each percentage point rise in interest rates reduces thrift income by $1.2 billion a year.
The reasoning impressed a panel of judges appointed by the commission, who ruled that the low-level operations ought to be allowed to begin before the diesels are certified.
His previous marriage ended in divorce.
In an interview in his office adjoining the Metropolitan Cathedral here, Archbishop Penados del Barrio said the Catholic church must do more to help the poor than preach a spiritual message.
NORTH S A 5 4 3 H Q 5 D A 8 5 C J 7 5 2 WEST S K Q H A 10 7 4 3 D 4 3 C A 10 4 3 EAST S J 10 8 7 6 2 H K J 8 2 D J C Q 6 SOUTH (D) S 9 H 9 6 D K Q 10 9 7 6 2 C K 9 8 East and West were vulnerable.
Cezanne arrived at the astonishing clarity and volume of his mature work not by smothering his tempestuous, unpredictable, doubting nature, but by finding a language in which the irrationality and violence within him could breathe.
They got together that October and eventually came away with world publication rights to what is shaping up as one of the biggest books of all time.
The Soviet Union, Tass said, rejected the Pentagon's warning that ships coming within five miles of Navy ships in the Gulf or planes approaching below 2,000 feet ''may be held at risk.''
Inspired by Jenner In 1976, when he was 18 years old, Thompson finished 18th in the Montreal Games.
Contributions Surprised Her In testimony that was often vague or conflicting, Mrs. Connors also said she was surprised when she began receiving a large number of contributions from people she had not invited to the party, which was to have been held at Boston's Museum of Fine Arts.
Experienced tasters enjoy sampling such wines just to see how they have held up and to determine what traces of their youthful glory still reamin.
Ignore the author's rather helter-skelter organization of his book.
The loss snapped Hartford's longest unbeaten streak of the season at five games (3-0-2).
Daniel is blind and has cerebral palsy.
It does no good to try to make Mahler sound like Mozart, after all.
''People have to close down capacity,'' said Lenhard J. Holschuh, the secretary general of the institute, which is the trade association of the industrial world's steelmakers.
Officials of Service Dynamics were not available for comment today.
The loss included the end of Mike Bossy's 10-game goal-scoring streak, which had tied his club record set in the 1978-79 season.
The Libyan leader is particularly obsessed with the Sudan's President Gaafar al-Nimeiry, who, like himself, came to power as a disciple of President Nasser of Egypt.
Started in 39th Place Wearing a ski suit of the Finnish colors of sky blue and white, with tiny rhinestone earrings and frozen blond curls protruding from a white knit cap, Miss Hamalainen started 39th in the field of 43 today.
To which Mrs. Roosevelt is said to have remarked, ''I know enough about Congress to know that one can go on record by pairing a vote.''
It becomes a crutch, capturing the normal adaptive regulatory systems of the human brain.
In the fourth, Harry Smiley's fumble recovery on East Meadow's 20- yard line set up a 3-yard touchdown run by Mike Williams, a halfback.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Oysters in season cost $6.20 a dozen and are recommended with Guinness.
The gates shut behind us in this seedy part of Paris where, at night, they put out the people and lock up the cats.
''We have never stopped declaring it.''
Manchester could not capitalize on its home advantage against Norwich and also played a scoreless tie.
Nor did she miss her youth.
And many of them expressed a pride in being there.
He added, ''You need a parliament to do that.''
''In 10 years people will say that the breakup of A.T.& T. was a sham because A.T.& T. will still be overwhelmingly the dominant company,'' predicted Robert Hessen, a business historian at Stanford University's Hoover Institution.
Isuppose a modern parallel would be to imagine space stations, launched by modern superpowers, circling near each other for surveillance and settling the affairs of distant capitals.
With them, they're not used to having perhaps as much put to them from the outside world as we are.
The filing was prompted by two requests submitted by former Bell companies - Bell Atlantic and BellSouth - seeking waivers to enter new businesses.
But even more fundamental than the debates within the Reagan Administration over ''rules of engagement'' is what is not being debated.
She advises her clients to sit down with one another when the child is a high-school freshman to work out a financial plan.
These are not the makings of dinner or some sort of talisman; they are among the organic bits of New York that Miss Graves uses in the direct casting for her sculptures.
Because the Palapa's orbit was in the vicinity of Westar's orbit, engineers surmised that both had suffered similar failures of their rocket, the payload assist module.
Arab falconing practices have varied over the years and from place to place.
Throughout the state, older people asked about jobs for senior citizens; teen-agers asked about jobs for young people; blacks asked about minority training programs; Woonsocket voters asked about how many jobs would be created in Woonsocket - and everybody wanted to know what it meant for his or her taxes.
Although the five-Justice majority did not agree on a uniform rationale, the case is generally interpreted to prohibit the arbitrary and capricious imposition of the death penalty.
When you start thinking about it, there are all kinds of analogies.
The filmmakers encountered even greater dangers in central Mexico.
Most of the public would recognize the Bramble-Mancini winner as the true champion, especially since Mancini has already defeated Ramirez and Romero.
The first stage of Japan's ambitious 10-year project to build a new kind of computer enabled the Japanese to catch up with research in other countries but resulted in no scientific breakthroughs, according to interviews with more than a dozen American and European scientists here.
''We want to see what does happen, to what extent jails, judges or laws are the problem,'' he said.
''People would look at the advertisements and say, 'That's happened to me,' or 'They're right, we have to recognize these things.'
Wolf (R) N BFKEY BFY - ''yea''; N - ''nay''; A - absent or did not vote.
Which is the conception and which is life?
Crompton has weathered tough times before.
''And everything I think of they tell me can't be done.
Dean Steinkuhler, the Nebraska guard whom the Giants would most like to take in the first round of the draft next Tuesday, will probably not be available to them.
In the 19th century, with castratos in disfavor and the new democratic impetus and forms of patronage rapidly expanding the size of opera houses, auditoriums and orchestral accompaniment, new vocal techniques had to be found.
Musicians and just anyone who cares will be dropping by for an ''Old Time Jam Session,'' swapping tunes and songs, even dancing, as the spirit urges.
''The machine now has no strategic value and it is obvious that our relations with the Soviet Union will suffer,'' Mr. Eyskens' spokesman said.
But the new descriptions, if they are approved by the association's film-industry constituency, will be a start.
attorney, is a staff attorney at the Center for Law and Health Sciences at Boston University Law School.
State officials say, however, that there is no drinking water well in the state with detectable Temik.
''I gave up a bad rebound,'' said Smith.
After the elder Mr. Bennison's death, his wife, Ethel, ran a small fabrics business.
Arrange in a layer on the bottom of an ovenproof glass baking pan measuring nine inches by twelve inches.
According to Administration officials, the President is likely to rule on the council's status this week or next, now that he has completed his more pressing work on the Federal budget.
These trusts consist of fixed, diversified portfolios of long-term municipal bonds packaged by market professionals and often sold in units of about $1,000 each.
He will be succeeded in that post by Richard H. Bertholdt, now partner in charge of the firm's Chicago office.
Osawa had liabilities totaling more than $530 million, at the current exchange rate of 226 yen to the American dollar.
He's learning you can't feel sorry for yourself.
It is summed up in an exhibition, ''Chinese Traditional Architecture,'' on view through June 10 at China Institute in America, 125 East 65th Street (744-8181).
I have to build my share of fires and roast my share of chestnuts.
Her son, Walter, is a professor at the University of Wisconsin Law School.
The difference is that she makes us active participants in ''The Rite of Spring.''
The Official Version Soon after Mr. Aquino was slain last Aug. 21, the chief military investigator said a man in an airline maintenance uniform had eluded security cordons, stolen up behind Mr. Aquino as he reached the ground with his soldier escorts and shot him in the back of the head.
Mr. Gati calls Mr. Brandys's book disturbing, as well he should.
Look around for a normal, plain, hard-crusted bagel with a hole in the middle.
The old Lafayette Hotel was donated four years ago to the Academy Development Corporation, but at the time there was a $250,000 first mortgage on it.
Predictions about America in the next decade based on an analysis of conditions today.
* Thomas G. Aydelotte and Steven W. Dammers have been promoted to senior vice president at Grey Advertising.
In the middle of May, the Waverley set off for the Bristol Channel, where she has been cruising for five weeks from such ports as Ilfracombe, Swansea, Avonmouth, Portishead and Newport.
''After the shampoo will come mousse conditioner.
The medical equipment company is based in Erie, Pa. Its shares closed yesterday at $22.25, unchanged, on the New York Stock Exchange.
That doesn't concern Smith, who says he doesn't even attempt to rally his teammates in the locker room.
Alan Singer did the flowers on the stamps.
His success is measured by his ability to attract an audience.''
announced a joint venture to provide computerized information to financial services companies.
''Do you worry about these five people who are eligible for retirement or about getting the operating room ready?''
What you're telling me is that because there are problems, let's walk away.''
Wally Knief, a spokesman for Northeastern Airlines, another New York-Miami carrier, said that airline did not plan to react to the People Express announcement.
* MGM/UA Entertainment Co. has been placed on the Creditwatch list by S.& P. Kirk Kerkorian, the financier who owns 50.1 percent of MGM, has made an offer to buy all the rest of the stock.
Usher said the main reason for the higher surplus was the discovery by Arthur Young & Company, the organizing committee's auditors, that expenses of the operating divisions of the organizing committee came in $55 million below September's projection of $210.6 million.
But Dr. Carl Wood, head of the in vitro, or test-tube, fertilization team at Melbourne's Queen Victorian Medical Center, said the embryos probably would not survive any attempt to implant them in a womb anyway.
Whatever the merit of that argument, a wide range of business, labor and professional organizations argue against any proposal to tax such benefits, and they have some powerful allies.
'Choose Moral Offensive' We must choose a moral offensive the day before and not be left with a military offensive the day after.
Robbery, aggravated assault and burglary were much less widespread in 1983.
The statement of the Soviet Olympic Committee today - and press articles over the last few months - focused on problems with security in Los Angeles, meddling by the Government, high costs and commercialization.
Chile accounts for about 30 percent of world copper output.
''Northeast Connecticut has some attractions now, but it really doesn't have as many as other parts of the state,'' Mr. Laschever said.
b-Including extraordinary gains of $3.6 million for the quarter and $5.4 million for the year.
For Christopher Kelliher the breaking point came later still, when he woke up in the morning and looked out through the dirty- green bars.
should take place, the content should change, as we have specified.''
More recently, he said, ''a couple of us were walking down the street and there was this group of Italian kids jumping up and down yelling, 'Here come the Americans, here come the Americans.'
Plus, you need more than one big man.
Sitting in front of a crackling computer, bathed in the warm green glow of the video display, we inserted the disk-card into an Apple IIc and, with a ''Ho, ho, ho,'' we were off.
We had a wonderful dress rehearsal, but I must have given too much then.
However, with the dollar's recent strengthening, United States wages have surged ahead once more.
''They seemed to have learned our style,'' Jordan said.
The stars who jumped to the short-lived World Football League in the mid-1970's may have made big money by jumping, but they also spent some of the best years of their athletic lives in franchises that no longer exist, that will give them no psychic or tangible feedback as they grow older.
But the right-wing Lebanese Forces militia said it would oppose the reopening unless the safety of aircraft, passengers and airport staff could be firmly guaranteed.
If Samuel Pepys, that tireless man- about-17th-century London, were chronicling the edifying events available in New York in any given week, he would be hard put to find time to write all of them up in his diary.
But it is one thing to modernize weapons to overcome discernible deficiencies.
The top of the palace was flat, and on hot nights we'd go up there after dinner to get the air and look down at the peacocks with their tails spread and their tiny heads against the reflection of the moon shining on the sea .
Take Shearson/American Express, which will have an enviable $1.7 billion in capital after the acquisition of Lehman.
He is an alumnus of Northeastern University.
The number of buses available would be plenty for an evacuation.
The County Executive's office then sent an emergency request to the County Legislature for $1.5 million to fight the Shoreham case.
''He knows what I am doing.
It is, in fact, with the Royal Ballet version that this staging stands up most favorably.
They said $24 million previously approved for the operation would run out within a matter of weeks.
''I'm for charity,'' she said.
Police officials said tonight that investigators had removed 10 boxes of sweets from store shelves in Osaka, Kyoto and Nagoya.
The Million has been run four times and John Henry has won it twice.
White Plains took a 35-0 halftime lead over F. D. Roosevelt and scored the first time it got the ball in the second half to win, 42-20.
Their criteria for putting an institution on the problem list are similar but not identical.
In 1973, unemployment in West Germany averaged eight-tenths of 1 percent and in 1979, 3.2 percent.
More children under 14 play soccer than any of the sports that generated such emotion in New York fans last weekend.
The delegates pay their own way to the convention and the considerable amount of money involved can deter would-be delegates.
For instance, ''The Joshua Tree, or Three Outlaws'' has a Wild West story, an allegorical meaning and a storybook style that recalls similar key aspects in ballets - including Eugene Loring's ''Billy the Kid'' - for Lincoln Kirstein's Ballet Caravan (1936-1940).
Yield: 6 to 8 servings.
The blasts damaged homes miles from the center of the fireworks factory and was heard by people in this community, including residents of the Cedar Lodge Nursing Home.
16 Workers in Factory Inside the kazoo factory, which is connected to the back of the house, the ''ka- chunk'' of punch presses provides even counterpoint to the ''clackety-clack'' of flywheels on huge, 60-year-old machines.
He was born in China and came to the United States in 1930.
Under Mr. Smith, the Justice Department reversed its position on major civil rights questions, re-interpreted antitrust law, called on the Supreme Court to re-assess landmark rulings on abortion and sought to enforce a system of secrecy oaths and censorship for Government officials with access to intelligence data.
In a recent memorandum to members of the Cabinet Council on Legal Policy, Mr. Stockman listed many ''budgetary and policy concerns'' about the bill, which would offer amnesty to some illegal aliens and penalize employers for hiring illegal aliens in the future.
The funeral service will be at noon on Monday at the Abyssinian Baptist Church, 132 West 138th Street.
PETER M. PASLEY Woodside, N. Y.
He laughed at his observation.
Mike Boddicker of the Orioles is second with 2.69.
said Roger Aitala, a consulting chemical engineer in Houston who said he once worked for Union Carbide.
Over the years, the police, perhaps out of kinship for fellow city employees, looked the other way at this recklessness.
Jeffrey Schmalz Hudson Valley An arts-and-crafts fair is being held today, tomorrow and Sunday from 10 A.M. to 7 P.M. at Rhinebeck, with 350 exhibitors showing work.
But not Mr. Murdoch, who has previously acquired - often over hostile objections - the Boston Herald-American, The New York Post, the Village Voice, New York magazine, The Times of London and the Chicago Sun-Times.
If another bumper crop is added to last year's abundant production, the supply of wheat would be so large that farmers' prices, already at a depressed level, would fall further at election time.
Returned home to work for the Komsomol youth league and became head of local party in 1970 .
Mr. Stutz heard both sides outline their positions and scheduled meetings with union officials today.
So did Matilda Cuomo, the Governor's wife, who asked for autographs.
Recommendations Are Made The report make 24 major recommendations for dealing with the contamination of the Niagara River system.
It is also unclear whether retailers will pass on the price increases to consumers.
Despite these developments, Mr. Villers is confident.
The legislation carries a first-year price tag of $11 million, officials said.
The deadline for this year's competition is March 1.
AVOCADO I have a 15-year-old avocado in bloom.
But in a broadcast interview, the Archbishop said he hoped the decision would change what he called a climate of persecution against traditionalist Catholics.
In a score of Paramount movies in the 1940's, Bing Crosby and Bob Hope trotted the globe in search of fame, fortune and Lamour.
Petals galore are scattered over the dark-hued stage floor during the planned wedding (we note that they are still there many a scene later, apparently due to the absence in the cast of characters of anyone sufficiently lowborn to sweep them up).
In fact, he calls his stash of accouterments toys for the table.
Mr. Baxter, who left the Justice Department Dec. 16 to return to teaching at Stanford University, came under fire from Congress and consumer groups for his attempts to change the law on resale price maintenance, a form of vertical restraint.
''The guys were saying, 'Wait till we face you - we'll know where to shoot.'
Charles W. Bryan of Nebraska, younger brother of that perennial Presidential hopeful, William Jennings Bryan, to be running mate with former United States Representative John William Davis of West Virginia.
The choreography even included some sudden collapses to the floor.
Indians 5, White Sox 4 CLEVELAND (AP) - Brook Jacoby hit a tiebreaking home run in the eighth to give the Indians their fourth consecutive victory.
And the final act, set ''in a desert land near New Orleans,'' finds the lovers dying of thirst on a barren landscape after having stumbled on some further troubles that took place between the acts.
In radio advertisements with ''Hail to the Chief'' playing in the background, an announcer tells listeners to come, be a part of history, see the President of the United States.
The first wave came in the first half of the century, affecting workers who mined and milled asbestos.
'Core of Common Studies' While stopping short of recommending specific courses or texts, the report suggested that students graduating from college should have encountered a ''core of common studies'' embracing these elements: - A chronoligical understanding of the development of Western civilization.
According to some Western assessments, the 2,000 troops that South African military analysts say are involved in the offensive appear to have run into resistance from other forces as well as from the insurgents who are fighting from bases in Angola for the independence of South-West Africa, or Namibia.
Witnesses at a Senate hearing testified that conservation requirements of the PIK program were ill conceived, poorly enforced and in some cases, avoided altogether.
Miss Burns, who speaks very swiftly, is expecting a guest but is also having an affair with a man who apparently has slept with every woman Miss Swedish and Miss Burns know - even Miss Swedish.
STEPHEN HOLDEN ''MAMA, I WANT TO SING,'' a gospel ''story in concert,'' which recently celebrated its first anniversary at the 632- seat Heckscher Theater, Fifth Avenue and 104th Street, claims to be the longest-running Off Broadway black theater musical in 50 years.
Jimmy Arias and Andrea Jaeger of the United States, the gold-medal favorites, earn hundreds of thousands of dollars a year as professionals.
The Cast MAN OF FLOWERS, directed by Paul Cox; screenplay by Mr. Cox and Bob Elli; photography, Yuri Sokol; edited by Tim Lewis; music by Gaetano Donizetti; produced by Jane Ballantyne and Mr. Cox; a Spectrafilm Release.
At the Hopewell wedding of Dodie Murphy Wagner, managing editor of Cranberry Press and Ron Wagner, a cameraman for New Jersey Nightly News, the couple stood holding hands in a circle with her two daughters, Wendy and Alisa, then 4 and 6.
Sergeant Trujillo, sitting with Mr. Reagan's family, rose to accept the greeting.
Slide Came After Heavy Rain After weeks of heavy rainfall and several days over which it was seen to have moved slightly, the side of the mountain beside Route 1 about nine miles south of here in Julia Pfeiffer Burns State Park suddenly gave way.
Two Republican Senators have not yet voted on the provision.
What happens after that is an element in the dispute between the auto safety center and the Administration.
He has installed in its deep enclave four objects that represent the range of the collection: a blue-sponge sculpture by Yves Klein; a carved bone fragment from the paleolithic period; a 17th-century stone figure from Nigeria, and a tiny sixth-century Roman reliquary in the form of a sarcophagus.
Her mother, Priscilla Hawkins, is special assistant to the president of Sarah Lawrence College.
Last Thursday, Mr. Cuomo declared that agreement with the five other states had been reached.
THE struggle for higher income in an era of volatile rates is bringing a new type of executive to the thrift industry, one more suited to the riskier lending and borrowing practices than the old-line thrift official who viewed himself as a guardian of depositors' money.
''A lot should be done in the field of organizing the nation to build up.
The two men spoke in separate interviews.
You can establish the best educational system in the world, but somewhere someone has to be willing to listen and understand and hear.''
He shared with Mondrian and Kandinsky an interest in theosophy (given what the pragmatic West has since done with abstraction, it's easy to forget that its taproot was in mysticism).
While some of the required changes, particularly extra supports on reactor pipes, have irked some contractors who felt these would be unnecessary over the 40-year life of the plant, Mr. Ptak takes a different view.
Others under consideration for the curatorship are understood to include John Chancellor, the NBC commentator, and Haynes Johnson, a Post columnist, although a search committee has not made a final report to Harvard.
In Europe there also were many multipurpose halls.
Michael Drew the Fans Although the concert tour features five of the six Jackson brothers, it was Michael who drove the fans to frenzy.
He gained the final by winning the second of two elimination heats by 1 1/4 lengths.
Continental Illinois' stock, which did not open for trading until 1:29 P.M., topped the most-active list and fell 1 1/8 points, to 10 1/4.
Schneider, who has been married for a year and a half, figures that he spends most of his time either training or working in his business.
Mr. Avance said ''there is concern'' on the board that the selection of Mr. Newton was a delaying tactic.
Lived Here The former home of Hubert H. Humphrey is up for sale, and the real estate agent for the five-bedroom Colonial style house is emphasizing the ''many reminders of Humphrey's residence there.''
institutions under the auspices of the American Council on Education.
They not only demanded fair terms but their fulfillment to the letter.
The figures did not include at least 22 people reportedly killed this week.
Provides tuition awards of up to $2,000 a year for part-time students for the first time.
But the whiff of gas from the gulf may finally persuade the superpowers to improve the Geneva protocol.
''But we made some very bad mistakes in our own end and that cost us a lot of goals.
The issue is, precisely how?
Jacob Lateiner brought these pieces to the Juilliard Theater Sunday night, and whatever one might think of his playing, he did make us listen to it with care and intensity.
Then they transplnted this gene into animal cells growing in laboratory flasks.
The hijackers' comrades had been imprisoned for trying to kill a former Iranian Prime Minister, Dr. Shahpur Bakhtiar, an opponent of Ayatollah Khomeini.
Together they went over the timing and placement and settled last- minute details on the particulars of escape and flight.
Alfred E. Driscoll, he was director of employment information and licensing for the Waterfront Commission of New York Harbor until 1961.
The church's official stand is one of total condemnation.
Under terms of the definitive agreement, holders of National Intergroup common would receive 1.225 shares of Bergen Brunswig class A common for each share of National Intergroup stock.
The Social Security agency didn't dare submit this brutal policy to the normal publication and comment process.
Both Dr. Commoner and officials of the Department of Sanitation have been to a plant in Rome that is designed to separate paper from plastic.
And last Tuesday, Christopher G. Ruggiero, 17, was found hanged in his family's home in Pelham.
Like Mr. Costello, Mr. Lowe has a collector's grasp of pop styles; he has lately been leaning toward rockabilly, swamp- rock and country two-steps.
Mr. Reagan wants a constitutional amendment that would forbid abortion unless the life of the mother was endangered by her pregnancy.
Focus Will Be Economic Miss Weed, who is directing advertising for the Republican women's groups, said the focus would be ''on the economic message.''
The recommended increase would add $7.25 to this bill, he said.
- General Manager Ladd Herzeg of the Houston Oilers gave Mike Rozier a deadline of today to decide whether he wants to accept the Oilers' offer to jump to them from the United States Football League's Pittsburgh Maulers.
Interestingly, I think, the proportionately greater role of public financing in Britain does not count for too much.
New York State's $20.9 billion Common Retirement Fund - which covers 780,000 former and current state and local Government employees - trails only to the American Telephone and Telegraph Company's pension fund in terms of total assets.
In interviews, they urged consumers to avoid products apt to be contaminated by it.
The bank's loan portfolio expanded more than 40 percent last year.
Mr. Bush is scheduled to fly to Luxembourg Sunday before going on to Moscow, and is to resume his European trip after the funeral.
At the Leipzig Trade Fair, a showcase for this recovery, officials attributed the gains to growing concern in Eastern Europe about the widening technological gap with the West.
He also missed from 26 yards.
A Comparison of Patterns ''For the last month or so, the market has traded with the long end outperforming the intermediates,'' one dealer in Government securities commented.
The reason that Homer's emotional education isn't quite as apparent on the stage as on the page is subtler.
Among these benefits might be free parking at corporate headquarters, paintings or prints for the office and subscriptions to business periodicals.
When Harold was old enough to move around on his feet, Fayard began teaching him what he had learned from watching the acts at the Standard.
Evidence of this era is preserved at the Marine Museum at Fall River, off Route 195 in the Battleship Cove area of the new Heritage State Park.
The remainder of those polled said they had no opinion.
Senator Hart won one small victory.
''This paralysis has to be corrected,'' the Oklahoman asserted.
An oil cutoff could raise oil prices by $5 to $10 a barrel, according to Philip Dodge, vice president of Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette.
''Nobody really forecast the recession-depression of two and a half years and what that did to flatten out load growth.''
Like the missiles on Yankee submarines, the missiles on Delta 2's are considered a threat mainly to American cities and unprotected military bases.
Howard Cosell (corned- beef hash and a poached egg) is also a regular, and when they are in town, Cary Grant (scrambled eggs and juice) and Kirk Douglas (grapefruit and toast) stop by.
They are found in both animal and plant foods, among them meat fats (suet, lard, lamb fat, salt pork, bacon fat), butter, chicken fat, coconut oil and palm oil, vegetable shortening and even margarine (some are higher in saturates than others: check the label).
The bodies were found before dawn Friday, but recovery efforts had to wait until the methane gas was pumped from the area and rescuers could retrieve the bodies without life support systems.
Officials said the problem had occurred in the non- nuclear part of the plant.
The language in the report, according to staff members familiar with it, makes clear that the Administration would have an easier time selling its economic program and have more credibility on Capitol Hill with ''a strong and effective Council of Economic Advisers.''
Despite the decision against creating a file on the associates of all wanted people, for example, the board did not reject a proposal for a new file on those who law-enforcement officials believed were associated with those who had been convicted of ''possession for sale, sale or trafficking in narcotics.''
''It's a political affair,'' said Fire Chief Juan Jose Briones.
''The debate is largely between economists and fiscal policy technicians on one hand and special interest groups on the other,'' Mr. Greenspan continued.
These men need the party, and the party needs them.
''We did everything that we could in this case,'' he said.
Each day, feature films are being shown in the movie house itself.
Trading on the credit markets was also listless, and there was little change in prices or rates.
Put the tomato halves in clean, sterilized jars and press to make them compact.
On a narrow dirt road that leads to the rear entrance of the park's old village and a neighboring farm, two bobwhites, brownish pheasant-like birds about 10 inches high, patrolled the road's edge; they peeked at the visitors, then retreated into the thicket.
2 tight end, behind Zeke Mowatt.
Per-capita income for 1983-84 is estimated at $232.
We will no longer allow our students and faculty unsupervised access to our copying machines.
Exceptions in Current Rules He said the existing regulations exempted aircraft consigned to a commercial carrier or which were valued at less than $3 million, and helicopters weighing less than 10,000 pounds.
A Tom Wolfe Serial Novel ''The Bonfire of the Vanities,'' the first chapter of a novel by Tom Wolfe, will appear in a double issue of Rolling Stone that goes on sale Tuesday.
A majority demanded a no-smoking sign.
Yield: Six to eight servings.
Joseph Wambaugh does not translate easily to the screen.
Now there is an economic lull, and while Mr. Regan said it was ''possible but not probable'' that the slowdown would turn into a recession - and many private ecnomists concur - no one is really sure.
It was led by the Rev.
Only if the Democrats pick the former astronaut, Mr. Phelps said, he will face a ''hard choice'' in November.
He's a leader by doing.''
''Clairol Hotline'' she says, then waits for questions from anywhere in the country.
His book is most compelling when, for example, he shares his intimate view of a colony of ants and recalls his fascination with snakes.
Another striking hallmark in Graham's choreography can be her deliberately restrictive movement.
About 60 percent were committed with pistols.
Mr. Marsh said that that leaves about 50 parking spaces for customers all day long, and he called the situation ''a farce.''
He paid $3.60 for $2 to win.
- A 13 percent increase for third-class mail, which includes most bulk mail.
If it were ever considered appropriate corporate behavior to bask in the glow of achievements, now would surely seem to be the time for Rockwell to do so.
March 21 I had an appointment for a radio show, so I boarded the F train bound for the 50th Street stop.
I think that without active work, the Holocaust could be forgotten.''
It is today a far spicier style of cooking, employing many kinds of peppers unknown to those forebears who settled in the South.
The surgeon used the laser to reconstruct a palm-sized burn on the back of Mr. Jackson's head.
''I'd say that basketball has helped us gain more recognition than I could have ever posssibly known,'' ' said Robert Isner, the Oak Hill president.
Welfare and Medicaid Burden He declared, ''If the Federal Government wishes to eliminate the deductibility of state and local taxes, the Federal Government should assume the local share of welfare and Medicaid.''
You've proved you're the best drivers in the world.''
On the American Stock Exchange today, it closed at $10.25, off $1.
He suffered head, chest and abdominal injuries.
And in Los Angeles the size of the program has doubled in the past year so that now 430 of the district's 700 schools are paired with business organizations.
Nordic combined is not the most famous sport in the United States.
Next he pitched for El Paso of the Texas League and was called back to the majors by the Milwaukee Brewers.
Mrs. Ferraro Is a Factor Moreover, Mr. Mondale's selection of Geraldine A. Ferraro as his running mate clearly pulled young women like Luann Belmonte, a typist in Boston, into the Democratic camp.
These translators contend that their English translations are often used by the adapters - who then keep the credit and the royalties for themselves.
His troubles catalogued, the manager counted some blessings - the performances of Dave Winfield, Mattingly, Willie Randolph and Niekro, ''my lifesaver.''
Lamm Asserts Elderly, If Very Ill, Have 'Duty to Die,' '' news story March 29) It is time we gave attention to this delicate but demanding situation, especially in view of the acute shortage of adequate facilities and care for people of this kind and the staggering cost of such care.
He suggested that the major party candidates, Richard M. Nixon and Vice President Humphrey ''in their days of early appreticeship in the Congress, supported the Yalta agreement that today is really the plague of Czechoslovakia and Hungary and all of Eastern Europe.''
That's the kind of thing I'm looking for, and he's more likely to get the big deals if he stays aloof from the little deals and lets the demand grow.
Her father is president of Stephenson Industries, a manufacturer of medical equipment in Farmingdale, N.J.
''She was put in because she's a woman, and that's sad.
It might have been merciful to have taken out Simms earlier and preserved him for another day.
The Cubs jumped to a 2-0 lead in the third inning on consecutive homers by Cey and Dave Owen.
Security and insecurity seem to be reflected in the quality of her voice: It is warm and expressive when she is confident, but thin and colorless when she is still reaching for the song.
Louisiana, up 24 percent; Maine, up 5 percent; Maryland, no change; Massachusetts, down 17 percent; Michigan, down 33 percent; Minnesota, down 17 percent; Mississippi, down 22 percent; Missouri, down 17 percent; Montana, up 9 percent; Nebraska, down 5 percent; Nevada, up 18 percent; New Hampshire, down 20 percent; New Mexico, down 25 percent; New York, down 20 percent.
The authorities said the bombing attempt was apparently part of a wave of bombings Friday by the outlawed I.R.A.
It's not just a question of putting the largest plane possible on a route.
As their child's first teachers, parents will recognize that an infant's learning is through play experiences based upon developmental needs at a given time.
But this year, two weeks of the holiday season went by and the first-floor alcove was devoid of any holiday decorations.
The Republican chairman of the Labor and Human Resources Committee is also very careful in his dress: subdued, well- pressed and spotless.
But when his predecessor, John Slaughter, left, he found himself unexpectedly elevated to the directorship, partly because he was available and partly because he was a friend of George A. Keyworth 2d, President Reagan's science adviser, who is another alumnus of the Los Alamos National Laboratory.
LawnsThere are three important chores: keep mowing as long as grass is growing; water newly seeded or sodded lawns if there is no weekly rainfall, and delay fertilizer applications until after Thanksgiving.
might do if Daniel and Godfrey pursue their careers with the Giants.
Meredith M. Fernstrom, vice president for public responsibility at American Express, said letters were sent to 8 million card holders last week.
The additional passengers have put increased pressure on hotel and motel facilities.
As an assistant coach with the Philadelphia 76ers and one of the four Cleveland head coaches during the 1981-82 season, when the Cavaliers won 15 games, Daly has seen the best and the worst of the N.B.A.
That's almost equal to the number of apartments converted to co-ops and condominiums in all preceding years.
Adding another person as a kind of arms control czar would only introduce more bureaucracy, and possibly delay negotiations.
But we have also found that for the vast majority of low-income people, the private and public parts of the income maintenance and food assistance efforts are available and sufficient for those who take advantage of them.
He especially fears that Government borrowing will push up interest rates.
Draws do not count in the scoring.
Nigeria's economy is sagging, as a result of years of corruption and a squandering of oil earnings.
The Bishop case was freighted with a special burden of pain for Utah, a state that reveres the pioneer Mormon stock from which the murderer's family came, that values upright living and the unity of the family and the special importance of children.
In the prologue of the report, which was delivered to President Raul Alfonsin on Thursday, the commission concluded that the armed forces, ''in the name of national security'' kidnapped, tortured and assassinated thousands of people.
But Walter F. Mondale will be aiming his appeal at a fraction of that audience, as many as 15 million voters who can conceivably be lured out of the undecided column or talked into switching their votes from President Reagan.
It's difficult for a violist under any circumstances, of course, but I would like to have an active solo career, and I hope this job helps.''
Differences in interviewing and sampling procedures and approaches to respondents who say initially that they are undecided may account for many of the variations.
Mr. Reagan said in response to a question about hostile words between his Administration and the Soviet leadership: ''I wouldn't expect them to do anything that might help me in the coming election.''
''Shortly after being created, the movement became a political organization,'' Cardinal Glemp was quoted as saying.
Mr. Cho was born in Korea and appeared as a soloist with the Seoul Philharmonic Orchestra at the age of 12.
Would protect anyone providing emergency medical care from lawsuits except for gross negligence.
But the Republican leadership is subject to the same winds as the Democrats; and control of events at home means, increasingly, adjusting to an unstable world abroad.
Of the 1,037 officers who passed - out of 11,593 who took the test - 968 are white, 44 are Hispanic, 23 are black and 2 are Asian-Americans.
He will be judged if public-service overtime bills exceed expectations at the end of 1984, if the bottom line of the 1984 Games is not ''above the red'' - Ueberroth, in German, by the way.
''You have to use your body But back in Sweden, they use their stick when they want to get you.''
Capellini primavera, with impeccably cooked vegetables, bathed in just enough butter to coat the pasta, is one of the finest renditions of this Italian- menu staple.
''These elections will totally define the future,'' Mr. Panama, who carries an extra clip of ammunition on his waist, asserted.
The antiques are splendid, the open hearth cooking is fascinating, and the Ferry House alone is worth a visit.
First, the draft legislation calls for mandatory licensing of computer software when it is determined to be in the ''public interest'' to do so.
It was a further sign of widening differences between the Reagan Administration and Walter F. Mondale, one of the Democratic challengers, over import restraints to protect the domestic auto industry.
Instead, he opted for a flight with a few frills.
At the simmer, line a saucepan with a sieve and strain the sauce.
People Express bought 20 Boeing 727-200's from Braniff International after Braniff went bankrupt in May 1982, and reconfigured them to seat 185 passengers each.
The pact, however, has failed to keep sugar prices from falling below six cents a pound.
Price depends on the size of the bed; a single bed is $35 a week, a double is $40 and a queen-size is $45.
''My position is that the Democratic Party is the party my constituency has great investment in,'' he said.
's second- ranked bantamweight, employed an aggressive, hard-punching style throughout the fight and knocked down Chandler for the first time in his career in the 11th round.
The board ruled Thursday night that officials were justified in sending Jack to an isolated classroom for three days.
After again burying his face in his hands, Maloney knocked the hood with his hand, kissed the bumper, and raised a clenched fist toward the crowd, the second largest in all-star history.
So they got a couple of guys to push the bookcase back and pull the books out, and they were extraordinary photographs of the West Coast.''
In the auto group, Ford was up 5/8, to 38 3/4.
The cuts were recommended by Dr. Axelrod and the New York City Health Systems Agency, a federally financed planning body that, along with the State Health Department, regulates hospital outlays for construction and technology on the ground that public funds pay a large part of the costs.
Mike Williams, a senior wide receiver, caught two second-quarter touchdown passes from the junior quarterback Chris Salvaterra yesterday to lead John Jay of Cross River to a 30-0 victory over Somers.
The Rent Stabilization Association, the trade group for property owners, was paid by the state to revise the regulations governing rent-stabilized apartments so that the code would conform with changes made in state law last year.
The amount spent on productive facilities - buildings, waterways, roads - is growing.
; 23 P-B4!, N-B5; 24 KBxN, PxB; 25 BxN, PxB; 26 Q-K8ch costs Black a piece); 23 P-B4, it is unlikely that Black could survive 23 .
The dispute between the Berlin Philharmonic and its chief conductor, Herbert von Karajan, was muted last weekend by the soaring cadences of Bach's B minor mass and a four-point agreement that amounted to a triumph for the musicians.
There is plenty of incentive to cheat and to invest in tax shelters that distort economic activity.
The fight was held at the War Memorial Auditorium in Syracuse on Sept. 18, 1953.
Unlike most authors, Mr. Yates writes fiction full time because of an unusual arrangement - he receives a monthly check from his publisher.
Virtually nothing, except sit back and watch - a role in which the greatest Western power has never been very comfortable.
The report said the compound employed in the studies could only be used temporarily because of the risk that long-term use might have undesirable effects such as development of the bone disease osteoporosis.
Scoring on a running forehand, Lendl pumped his fist.
The agency really ''never worked'' according to the 1960 statute establishing it, Mr. Smith said.
* ICO Inc., Fort Worth, said it had completed the sale of $30 million of senior subordinated debentures due in January 1994.
All too often, cut-over forests erode into desert.
With transportation projects seen as an impetus to economic growth, Mr. Kean said that $11.2 million in Federal funds had been obtained to assist development in Camden.
The acquisition would be G.M.
''But I can see how it may seem reasonable from the point of view of Realpolitik.''
When South ruffed the next club lead, the position was this: NORTH S J H A J 9 D - C - WEST S 7 H 10 4 D 6 C - EAST S - H Q D - C 7 3 2 SOUTH S 10 H 8 5 2 D - C - When South led a heart, West helped to confuse the issue by playing the ten.
They enable the user to determine the order in which yarn is threaded, treadled and tied up on a loom.
Those readers who stay will want to know about James Stanley Beeson, an Englishman now in his mid-70's with the reputation of being the Faberge of model-locomotive makers.
''We are seeing in this political campaign a deliberate attempt to collapse the distinction between mixing politics and religion, which is actually necessary within certain limits, and merging church and state, which is never acceptable,'' Dr. Dunn said.
Dr. Malone has learned more, too, about Jefferson's silence when, suddenly in power after the election of 1800, his followers tried to turn the courts against their conservative Federalist enemies.
Lee Flynn Deputy and EnsemblePaul M. Luksch Drunk/Black PantherJonahan Carroll Black PantherCharles LaVont Williams
Eleven draws in a row have not brought the champion any nearer to winning the match, which he leads 4-0.
Depicted as a 'Fed Rally' Indeed, some economists were calling yesterday's events a ''Fed rally.''
The course will run for eight sessions from 6:30 to 9:30 P.M. on succeeding Tuesdays.
The defense did not really play all that bad.
Although a third of the people are Roman Catholic, only 55 of the 530 priests are native to the island.
If it was, the 1983-84 guidelines apply; if not, there may be a question of whether the owner was trying to circumvent the rent-stabilization laws.
All House incumbents in New York won, in keeping with past election results that did not follow party lines.
The softlin- ers are said to be the technocrats in the planning secretariat and other Presidential advisers.
Mr. Mondale and his running mate, Geraldine A. Ferraro, attended a voter-registration rally in Cleveland last week and plan to attend others over the next few months.
No more than any wrongdoer who shows no understanding or regret.
Harvard's portfolio, like many others, has suffered this year as a result of the sagging bond and equity markets.
Then from somewhere - no one quite figured this one out - the raccoon filched an apron and shredded it.
People aged 25 to 44 had the highest number of accidental deaths, 24,600, down 2 percent from 1982.
The service, in which the customer fills out a ''green sheet'' listing closet dimensions, is offered by the Closet Systems Corporation, 1175 Broadway, Hewlett, N.Y. 11557.
The rest of the Beirut port is already under the Government's control.
Perhaps it was because of a minimum of wind resistance.
The city's population statistics show that blacks and Hispanics together now represent a majority here, and yet the establishment still maneuvers, successfully, to keep blacks and Hispanics out of major office.
In recent years the chances of ending the runoff season with too much or too little water in the system have been reduced by the Soil Conservation Service's network of 500 automated stations throughout the Rockies that transmit measurements of snow moisture daily.
Billy Benitez kicked the extra point.
He said the conference, an outgrowth of the 1975 meeting that produced the Helsinki East-West accords, had no timetable for an agreement.
The most conscientous handling is wasted if the fish is not properly cooked.
Barry Leskun, a 6-8 transfer from William Paterson, gives the Terriers added height, and Terry Lacewell, a guard, returns after a two-year hitch in the Army.
But even non- swimmers find pleasant respite under the giant banyan trees that deafen the thunderous din of the city outside the palace walls.
''You get the feeling that the chemical threshold has been lowered,'' said Johan Santesson, head of the chemistry division of the Swedish National Defense Research Institute.
The graduate is Morton L. Janklow, the literary agent, in whose name Columbia has set up the Morton L. Janklow Fund for Advocacy for the Arts.
James Balog, senior executive vice president of Drexel Burnham Lambert, agreed, speaking of ''the constant dynamics of Wall Street.''
From 1978 to 1983, Mr. Bowen Smith said, the amount of United States lumber used fell from 35 million board feet to 23 million, while the number of housing units built stayed at about 1.8 million a year through the period.
They harmonized on several hymns and patriotic songs as the No.
''I wish we could play courses like this every week.''
They were called, 'The N.F.L.
The President's attention to political detail extended to offering some words of praise for the ''courageous leadership'' of Mayor Koch in the city's retreat from bankruptcy.
Mondale Asked to Explain ''I think the Democratic nominee owes the American people not a partial explanation but a full explanation, of how and where he expects to get that $1,500,'' Mr. Reagan said.
300 Towns in 25 States ''We offer a wider scope,'' said Joan M. Krueger, the on-board manager of the Artrain, which is based in Detroit and has visited 300 towns in 25 states since it was established in 1971.
He was 58 years old.
I don't believe that Rowe v. Wade is right and I expect that at some point the Supreme Court would right that injustice.
Another closely watched race is in the Fifth Congressional District, which takes in Danbury, Waterbury and Meriden.
With Degas we feel we are at the last point at which a love of technical experimentation and a commitment to subject matter can exist together.
''I don't live in the past,'' Jones said, ''but I refer to it.
- Does the excuse appear to be part of a refusal to perceive and change some self-defeating habit?
She has had four finishes in the top ten this year, including a sixth-place finish in the L.P.G.A.
Joseph Tuchinsky, the director of an anti-Midland group called Citizens Lobby, said that because of increasing cost estimates the utility is now ''farther from completing that project than at any time in its history.''
Mad about my damask mantel-dressing.
Neither the Aden communique nor any participant says specifically that the Democratic Alliance has dropped its demand for Mr. Arafat's resignation.
''I knew the campaign would somehow enter into it,'' said Jeff Blatnick, the Greco-Roman wrestler who recovered from Hodgkin's disease to continue his wrestling career, and then won a gold medal here.
There is a practical reason for this: Fly-casting doesn't require as much room.
The first signs of originality appear in the freer, more spacious scenes of London making up the ''Thames Set.''
In 1982, the figure rose to 3,333.
Her broken left leg, in a brace, has not mended.
Pabst shares advanced in over-the- counter trading yesterday to $9.25, up $2.50.
In fact, all of their total of 40 points in their first two games has been positioned either by the defense or kicking teams.
They live in New York City and have an eight-year-old daughter named India.
Yugoslav sources understood that it amounted to about $150 million.
But some of his strongest support is from the A.F.L.-C.I.O., which is for a bank.
''People kept saying, 'Look at that, Christmas lights on Charlotte Street,' '' said Irma Rivera, smiling at the thought of passers-by staring at the lighted tree in her yard.
''We've made it a priority,'' says Douglas F. Bodwell, the executive assistant to the head of the agency's education division.
As for the two New York paintings by Mondrian, they have a look of travelers' tales long harbored and now finally brought home.
In the fourth quarter they changed the teams' names on the scoreboard to read: Caltech 38, MIT 9, when U.C.L.A.
And in Washington an expert on child pornography shocked a Congressional subcommittee when she revealed her suspicion that there exists a network of day-care centers around the United States that serve ''child predators.''
In addition, Saudi Arabia mediated an agreement between Palestine Liberation Organization Chairman Arafat and Syria that halted the fighting in the Tripoli area between pro- and anti-Arafat factions and permitted the evacuation from Lebanon of Arafat and 4,000 of his troops.
The planned actions include marches on Parliament, picketing and the burning of university degrees.
30-Day Inquiry Expected EDWARDS AIR FORCE BASE, Calif., Aug. 31 - Air Force investigators repeatedly refused today to answer questions from reporters about the possible causes of the B-1 crash.
The Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Public Corporation, the Government-owned telephone monopoly, buys most of its equipment from a small family of suppliers - led by NEC, Fujitsu, Hitachi and Oki - which gives these companies a huge volume of sales in the home market.
The second decrees a halt to all political pamphleteering.
''Sportselection can make you much better at your sport,'' Dr. Arnot said, ''because you can learn the areas in which you are weakest and work to improve them.
How Tanya Roberts Trained for 'Sheena' Tanya Roberts likes dumbbells.
James G. Joyce, associate director of research at Prescott, Ball & Turben, said that another negative factor was that a growing number of investors seem fearful that the ''slowdown in the economy will intensify and could develop into a recession next year.''
From air bags to drugs to motorcycle helmets, Presidents and Congress have held that the law must sometimes protect people against themselves.
Salvadoran and American officials have been expecting an increase in violence from both the far right and the left as the country moves closer to the runoff presidential election on May 6.
One of my regrets in leaving is that I won't be around for that debate when the issue is revived.
Mr. Mondale is said to feel that he eased his attacks on Mr. Hart's personality and policies too early.
A bank employee told her she belonged to a ''group of ancestor worshippers.''
''All these little boys are carrying them around in their pockets like toys,'' said the mother, who asked not be named, of a 12-year-old boy in suburban Plano.
How progressive or flat to make the new schedule of income-tax rates will also generate intense conflict.
Because of the island's size, and the distance between its major resort centers, each town has developed its own character and attracted its own following.
In Bayonne, teachers and school secretaries returned to work after negotiators had reached a tentative agreement.
Sam Lantion, a junior middleweight, and Danny Sutton, a heavyweight, both from Spartanburg, received 30-day suspensions for ''poor efforts.''
The fire occurred 722 feet beneath the sea bottom and 1,050 feet below the mine entrance.
we cry out against this encroaching line.
''I mean, the playoffs, it's just such a great time.
But while that day saw the end of the two playhouses, it also sparked the beginning of a complicated and often contentious debate about how to save the remaining Broadway theaters.
Each school district and high school will be free to use or reject it, and parents will have the option of removing their children from the course.
Meanwhile, the industrial average slipped 7 points in the final session.
Vianello G. , Piazza San Marco 67, Venice.
* Wheeling-Pittsburgh Steel Corp., Pittsburgh, has elected John D. Fry executive vice president.
He added: ''When you have to reshuffle a whole company it takes time But this is a company with good management and a good product mix.''
* Tri-South Investments Inc. , a connectors company in Atlanta, said it had completed the sale of its 220-unit Memphis apartment project for $6.3 million.
Several years ago, he was admitted into the Theater Hall of Fame.
I guess it just goes to show you that if the lawyers don't get you, the accountants will.
It was used as an antiseptic, and a whiff from a vial of it was enough to revive a fainting lady.
Miss Connor, who graduated in 1982 from Middlebury College, is an English teacher and athletics coach at the Lincoln Junior High School in Green River, Wyo.
State Comptroller Edward V. Regan said yesterday that though he had publicly certified last year that the budget for Yonkers was in balance, he had asked Republican officals to agree to pass new taxes after Election Day in November.
The yield on this issue is much higher than the 10 to 10 1/2 percent yield on other long-term electric revenue issues that are rated A because of the cooperative's participation in the Seabrook nuclear power project.
''They're playing with religious fire.''
According to papers filed in connection with a lawsuit against the Gunslingers' owner, Clinton Manges , the team publicly reported home- game attendance figures totaling 117,371 while reporting attendance to the league totaling only 66,256.
He underwent surgery Monday for a gall bladder problem, Mr. LeFevre said.
'They're Worried' Representative Geraldine Ferraro, a Queens Democrat, put it this way: ''Quite frankly, they're worried about the 'gender gap,' and I'm delighted it's there.
''You feel inclined to just throw up your hands and give up.
McCallum's purse was $200,000, and the Italian earned about $45,000.
City officials and community activists agreed at the hearing that without improvements, violence could erupt again.
Dixon, who is 45 years old and who classifies himself more of a ''pedestrian'' than a runner, says that there are sensations in the race that he experiences no where else, sensations so pleasant that at the end of the race, exausted as he may be, ''I can't wait to get back on the track and feel that sensation again.''
's chairman, who stands to get a $660,000 bonus on the basis of the earnings performance, noted that the profits were earned on sales levels that were just 10 percent above 1980's, when the company lost $763 million.
They do not require an unending supply of stocks, sauces and puff pastry dough.
This visitor strongly recommends the whites from Chateau Ste.
The markets have come a long way since the investor had no protection other than ''caveat emptor,'' of buyer beware.
Michael Jackson and his brothers have cut in half the number of concert appearances they will make at Madison Square Garden in August, the Jacksons' tour promoter said yesterday.
I don't know if there will be three or five companies.
They fly to Virginia and Maryland to spend the day on the job, which is mostly eating bugs and worms.
''One of the greatest virtues of American higher education is its diversity,'' he said.
(A frequently heard claim is that some unscrupulous fish sellers stamp out rounds of skate flesh and market them as scallops, but I am skeptical; for one thing, this deception would require a great deal of work.)
I cannot accept a document under these conditions.
Meanwhile, the costs of complying with divestiture and a modest 6.2 percent rise in revenues pushed A.T.& T. down a notch, to third place.
''The Government at the moment is not worried about the Tripoli agreement,'' Mr. Cheysson told a group of legislators here.
Approximately 25 players earned $1 million or more this year.
For the United Auto Workers, A.M.C.
The researchers say their findings ''can be viewed as encouraging,'' because in test tube experiments a substance called gamma interferon has been found to restore the disease-fighting properties of cells taken from AIDS victims.
The Defense Department, he added, should not be industry's partner but its demanding customer.
Mr. Mondale says he is not a protectionist because he is not in favor of raising trade barriers or defending uncompetitive industries against the rigors of the marketplace.
The display consists of about 60 works in charcoal, pastel, crayon, gouache and combinations thereof from 1969 to 1983.
After the first 1,000 yards, they didn't re-equip.
New Year's trees are a perennial headache.
Kids already feel like they're losing their parent to the other person.''
NEC is now the third-largest semiconductor maunfacturer in the world, behind Texas Instruments and Motorola, while Hitachi and Toshiba are fourth and fifth, respectively.
''My sister and my brother got out mattresses and began practicing.
Officials of the venture, the Palmer National Bank, talked about reaching high-technology customers, entrepreneurs and an ''upscale market.''
Airship contends that new lightweight materials, modern engineering, fiber-optic guidance systems and other advanced controls have allowed the company to create a vastly improved blimp.
Mr. Muir was an active sailor, and squash and tennis player.
The finale, to thunderous roar of organ and orchestra, depicts the Nativity scene in Radio City terms, with camels, sheep and people creating desert traffic comparable to a downtown street's, but awesome as pageant.
As he leaves the studio, he encounters the next guest on the show, Senator John Glenn of Ohio, who withdrew from the race a month ago.
''I always can keep a distance,'' he says.
Though she offers the insights of a mother and feminist, Mrs. Ferraro is, above all, a pragmatist.
An American Embassy official said the communique had been personally approved by the United States Ambassador, Thomas R. Pickering, and that Mr. Pickering had been contacted by Mr. Duarte in the matter.
So much is happening in that part of the state, Mr. Morey said, that at one new project - Wheatfields in Clinton Township - 35 out of 38 homes were sold in just two months - before a stick of lumber had been put up.
Abortion should not be promoted as a family planning method, it was decided by delegates to the United Nations International Conference on Population in Mexico City.
And if the bond rally continues, they say, then stock prices should rise as well.
Yes, we need to increase the number of workers at the Department of Sanitation, but let us do so in the most efficient manner possible.
''I'm trying to reach him.''
But the legal route is slow and can involve prolonged battles between hired experts about fine points of history.
He heads a team that has been negotiating with N.L.R.B.
And the direction is, at best, stilted.
Her father was an agent with the Internal Revenue Service in Manhattan.
Form it into a roll about an inch in diameter, wrapped in plastic wrap or foil and refrigerate.
I heard the story first from my Grandfather, who married again and lived to a ripe old age in Canada.
When would ''Mayor'' be remaindered?
Browne was also awarded the Edmondson Cup for his superior tie- break points.
New rules issued by the Federal Government sharply reduce the number of counties that must provide bilingual ballots to Hispanic-Americans and other minority groups in the election this November.
''The idea was to take a high entry point with the music,'' he said.
As long as Roger stays in a nonpartisan race, I don't think that that grousing will hold much water.''
Janice Lawrence, the all-America center, and Pam Gant scored 18 points apiece, and Debra Rodman grabbed 15 rebounds in leading unbeaten Louisiana Tech to a 73-57 victory tonight over Long Beach State.
His teammates pointed out that statistic.
Although the company's bold entry into the software market was greeted with surprise, many analysts noted last week that the market is so large, more than $2.2 billion last year, that there is ample room even for a giant like I.B.M.
The declarer took one more round of trumps with the king and played diamonds.
In darkened corners of quiet cafes, they plan the overthrow of a government or seal a big drug transaction.
''There are few problems that cannot be resolved through mediation,'' Cetin says, offering guests to his office strong Turkish coffee and a richly sweet honey cake that his German wife baked.
And he was also lucky.
''The military courts can dispense with some of the legal requirements and very strict rules of evidence.''
To patch holes or really large cracks, the material to use is a cold-mix asphalt - a patching material sold in 60-pound bags in many hardware stores and most lumber yards and home centers.
But, he added, ''the oil industry seems to be recovering slowly as market demand has improved.''
At the annual meeting of the Modern Language Association last December, Annette Kolodny, a professor of literature at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in Troy, N.Y., recalled that concentrating on women in literature a dozen years ago was ''a radical political act'' that required emotional and intellectual support from the women's movement.
The youth, George Dirzis, who lives in a two-family house at 8040 87th Street in Woodhaven, pulled his jacket over his head to extinguish the flames.
The whole boat may be rented for $450 for a two-hour sail.
Such standbys as sesame beef (excellent flavor), orange-flavored beef (red-hot spiciness, but the huge beef slices could be half their size for ease of eating) and scallops Hunan style (a delicious medley with baby bamboo shoots, baby corn and green peppers) were all well-prepared and full of red pepper fire.
A hospital spokesman said later that all but five of those admitted were treated and released.
In 1981 he was took part in a National Geographic Society expedition to Jan Tunich cave in Peten, Guatemala, as a specialist in ancient inscriptions.
The complaint was filed in a Federal court in San Jose last week by by Louis Katen Sr.; his son, Louis Katen Jr., and daughter-in-law, Susan.
Hotel water is frequently unsuitable for drinking.
I have no quarrel with either man - and though I know this sounds like a tenor - it's because I'm the equal of either of them.
Mine are the memories of Sunday mornings in the Musikvereinsaal with Karajan striding on stage in his frock coat and black suede elevator shoes, conducting the kind of Brahms and Bruckner performances I doubt I shall ever hear again.
The three-story station house stands like a sentinel among rubble- strewn lots on Simpson Street near 169th Street.
If not, you'll never save.
''It's that the people here are concerned about the resource.''
Back in the 1950's Sloan Wilson wrote a novel, ''The Man in the Gray Flannel Suit,'' that caught the essence of what was then becoming known as the rat race.
''I think the timing is right,'' she says.
But through your hotel you can arrange a taxi to take you there for a couple of dollars and wait for you for about a dollar an hour more.
And many nations with modest yachting budgets will compete in Los Angeles beause the organizers are providing the boats for two of the seven classes - Finn and Windglider.
According to published reports, six principal dancers may be leaving the Boston Ballet in the wake of Miss Verdy's resignation.
Open from 11 A.M. to 5 P.M. Mondays through Saturday.
Lyrical shots of training sessions and the eventual games do have their limitations.
This was what Mr. and Mrs. Chizever had hoped Brian would find in those Harvard and Princeton envelopes.
One speaker at the International March and Conference for Lesbian and Gay Freedom was Sonia Johnson, who was excommunicated by the Mormon Church for her outspoken feminist views and now is the Presidential candidate for the Citizens Party.
In its central role in the development of Hong Kong, the bank's interests extend beyond those of most other international banks.
Costs Are Subsidized The center, at 115 Chrystie Street, opened its first classes last Nov. 28.
He is, however, not inactive.
He has performed with a host of European orchestras, and won the 1983 Gold Fields Award.
Saying goodbye is even more wrenching for Brother Henry Otto.
It is a show that is large and florid and pulls the story of magic out of the hat of history with a batch of artifacts that are in such profusion that they may be quicker than the casual eye can absorb.
''The emphasis in both academic and vocational schools is on giving kids the widest possible options for employment,'' said James P. Tobin, executive assistant to the city's Schools Chancellor.
Mark L. Beckman said that recently he wore a ''Jordan Wrestlers'' T-shirt into a Burger King in Eden Prairie, 15 miles northeast of here.
McEnroe unleashed strong passing shots in the first set, and Connors seemed inconsistent at the start.
Against the Colts, he was troubled by indecision, and, sometimes, simply the wrong decisions.
Pour off any liquid that may have accumulated in the mold.
''I used to drive my husband out in a golf cart to see him.
There is a clear choice between the personalities and the platforms of the two contenders.
In 1969, while in New York writing one of his numerous flop plays (''But Seriously.
Who holds the Chinese peasant's sympathies today in his thatched Yunnan hut, his half-timbered Sichuan house (so like the half-timbered houses of England), his brick house with the bird- wing eaves in Guizhou?
''When the Padres got two runs that inning,'' the Tiger manager said of the eventual 6-3 score, ''I told my wife, 'It's over, the Padres will win this game.'
She told the graduates that they face a world in which old myths are gradually giving way to new realities.
But she knows that she is by no means typical.
Republicans who had opposed the bill said it would have led to an unwarranted expansion of Federal authority over private institutions, a contention disputed by sponsors of the legislation.
B. is at his best when the going gets tough,'' Mora said.
Brooks Fashion had also retained Financo to explore new business possibilities.
Syndicated loans were made in the name of projects such as a drilling program in Patagonia, but bankers here said they knew the funds went to finance the deficit and feed dollars into the central bank.
Governor Stepped In Governor Kean ordered the two officials to patch up their differences, and at a joint news conference today, each said he was satisfied that they had.
''I knew the girl and I knew Cameron and they were so normal.''
Mr. Capote died in California on Aug. 25 at the age of 59.
And the current price of $4.75 reflects the latest twist.
The upcoming auction has sparked considerable discussion among collectors and dealers, because Miss Deisroth had said last November, after seeing the Tiffany lamps in person for the first time, that many were fakes.
''I had budgeted a 66 percent attendance for the summer and 82 percent for the fall,'' Miss Sills said.
Most of those proposals would have shifted the cost to the states or reduced services to the poor.
But rates turned up, fed by fears that inflation was not dead but only slumbering, and by worry about the Federal budget deficit.
When Cowens tagged and dashed for third base, Mata's throw was on target.
Mr. Mondale has criticized Mr. Reagan for not emphasizing diplomacy enough and for not yet having met with any senior Soviet official.
Golf: United States Amateur Championship, first and second rounds of match play, at Edmond, Okla.; B.C.
The first group of advisers was sent to El Salvador in 1980 and they were barred until 1983 from working outside the area of San Salvador, the capital.
''We shall act in solidarity with service to the fatherland and we shall respond with truth to lies and with good to evil,'' Mr. Walesa went on.
But the Mayor's aide acknowledged that frictions exist.
Wood Takes 2-Stroke Lead WILLIAMSBURG, Va., July 12 (AP) - Willie Wood, a rookie, birdied 9 of the 18 holes, shot an eight-under- par 63 and established a two-stroke lead today in the first round of the $350,000 Anheuser-Busch Classic at the Kingsmill Golf Club course.
* National Education Corp. said it would buy back up to one milion of its common shares periodically in the market or privately.
In 1977, Mr. Giudice purchased 30 acres of ''wooded, rocky, swampy land'' in Colchester.
From the opening, the tone of the markets was positive, set by the report that the Producer Price Index fell two-tenths of 1 percent in October, for the third consecutive monthly decline.
The President's spokesman, Larry Speakes, read the statement at the midday news briefing in which he repeatedly contended that the budget deficit was only one factor in a ''psycholgical'' problem afflicting the markets.
For 80 percent of the American labor force, there is no union representation and employees depend for their livelihood upon the uncontested initiatives of management.
If we don't win, I will still love them.
The Mexican President cautioned that the ''risk of a generalized war, the scope and duration of which no one can foresee,'' was growing in Central America.
The Coastal Corporation today offered to buy controlling interest in the Houston Natural Gas Corporation in a deal valued at $1.28 billion.
Mr. Stanley was on a business trip in connection with the Stanley Foundation-supported World Press Review magazine when he apparently suffered a heart attack, Jeff Martin, an associate director of the foundation, said.
''He gave a doctrine that never mentioned abortion.
Accountants say some corporate clients are reluctant to have their books audited by an accounting firm that audits the books of a competitor.
Instead of 2.2 million shares at $13.50 each, the company said it would offer 1.5 million shares at $10.50 to raise about $14.1 million for ''working capital'' instead of the earlier anticipated $27 million.
A newspaper printed an entire high school valedictory speech today, one that was never delivered because the principal objected to its criticism of his administration.
Insofar as they want success, it is definitely the 'Me Generation.'
''Come back in the year 2000; we'll still be arguing about it,'' a San Juan lawyer gloomily predicts.
Two years after he traveled to Chicago for the beginning of a lawsuit, the Mayor of this fishing village on France's northern Brittany coast says he feels enthusiastic about American justice.
When hot and almost smoking add beef.
But his aides conceded that Mr. Hart now has almost no chance of attaining a majority of delegates before the primary season ends June 5.
In a three-day convention, the National Right to Life Committee has affirmed its dedication to seeking President Reagan's re-election as a means of achieving its goal of banning abortion.
His clocking bettered the winning time of 7.48 posted by Donald Allen of Grambling in the championship final.
Bolivia suffered an embarrassing setback recently when it was revealed that U.S.- trained drug agents had joined a plot to overthrow the Government.
The Braves made the score 3-2 in the second, but homers by Marshall and Brock made the score 5-2 and chased McMurtry in the sixth.
Official Government statements have asserted that fewer than 100 people died in three days of heavy fighting.
The police questioned and later released a man in connection with the death of Mr. Ylvisaker.
''When I left New York last fall,'' he said, ''I had the feeling the Mets were on the verge of something very good.
The artist was Rudolf Koch.
But there's scheduled entertainment, too, for those who prefer the relative comfort of a folding chair or a bleacher seat in some green spot where a play's about to start.
Sloppy shopping, however, appears to be the least of the board's problems.
I told Mr. Brooks that although I appreciated superb craftsmanship in knives, my interest in them - and this does not include swords and fighting knives - is essentially practical.
A 13- member evaluation committee then rated the jobs by giving points for four different components: knowledge and skills, mental demands, accountability and working conditions.
''In a college setting at its best,'' he said, ''there is time for reflection, there is access to research.
Paced by David Shaffer and Alton Gipson, the Seminoles chipped away until Shaffer's layup with 9:52 left tied the score at 49-49.
I was planning to hold a fund-raiser for the Democrats and probably would have raised $25,000.
The Administration is arguing in defense of an Alabama law permitting public school teachers to start the school day with a moment of silence ''for meditation and voluntary prayer''; a Michigan school district's ''shared time'' program, which sends public school teachers into the parochial schools to teach remedial and enrichment classes, and a Connecticut law that gives a private sector employee the absolute right not to work on a day the employee designates as the sabbath.
''Everybody seems to be ready for a 6.5 percent to 7 percent figure in the revised G.N.P.
''This regime,'' he said of the white authorities, ''is not going to be toppled overnight.
The gangsters wore black suits and dark glasses as in ''The Godfather.''
The Bank Rate Monitor said Wednesday that average annual yields on six-month certificates of deposit declined slightly, to 11.15 percent, from 11.16 percent.
Box 72666, Corpus Christi, Tex.
Flights 14 Minutes Apart Captain Park's jumbo jet took off from Anchorage, Alaska, 14 minutes after Flight 007, which veered far off course and was destroyed by one or more air-to-air missiles as it passed over the Southern tip of the Soviet island of Sakhalin.
Bulldozers cleared mountains of sand, wrecked cars, lampposts and broken furniture, a five-mile stretch where debris had been piling up for years.
Jobs are just as much a public resource in our monetary economy as transit facilities or electricity.
Finally, the Western proposal calls for improving communications among countries to help manage crises.
Lips and cheeks are stung raw, while hair whips tears to dry eyes.
Conversely, if senators carved notches in their rackets for each opponent injured, Bob Packwood would have two of them, with more in prospect.
Although he tries to downplay his footnote to history, the distinction has focused attention on this old blue-collar river town, which has gained wide notice as the site for the county's solid-waste disposal plant.
Showtime/The Movie Channel is a joint venture of Warner Communications Inc., Viacom International Inc. and the American Express Company.
Many youth in the Division for Youth's care have severe deficiencies in the basic skills of mathematics and reading which inhibit their ability to gain marketable skills.
He resigned as Minister of Industry and Commerce early this year over his inability to contain food prices, and was strongly attacked by labor when he was minister.
''It's really a dispute between auditors and accountants,'' he told reporters in Pittsburgh.
The Connecticut Department on Aging (call 1 (800) 842-2220) has a directory covering market-rate as well as subsidized offerings.
''They are saying they will not accept a recession,'' the official said.
Using a pasta machine, roll the dough very fine, then cut each strip into fettuccine-size widths.
The backlog is equivalent to two weeks of work.
But the contractor, the Arthur D. Little Company, promptly got a temporary injunction against the ban from Judge Joseph Mitchell in Middlesex Superior Court.
''Just think, I can't move my fingers, but here I am getting ready to shake the hands of the President of the United States.''
Some cities have experienced costly setbacks, unexpected rate increases and broken pledges, city officials and cable industry representatives said.
Philharmonia Virtuosi To Open 10th Season The Philharmonia Virtuosi Chamber Orchestra will open its 10th season with a performance of music and film on Nov. 20 at 8 P.M. at Town Hall, 123 West 43d Street.
For my son the Yumpie, I'll carry the bologna in the suitcase until after the election.
Now the annuity used in the Individual Retirement Account is the unquestioned leader of the bunch.
''Terrorism strikes at the base of civilized behavior,'' Mr. Mondale said.
When Mr. Stark walked out, the man slashed his neck with a razor.
Such promises are sweet music to the ears of environmentalists, many of whom charge the Reagan Administration with studied callousness to environmental issues, and Congress with interest only in toxic waste.
During the moments when his abilities will be examined by more basketball fans and observers than at any time in his 19-year coaching career at West Point and Indiana, Knight will have the chance to use his force to create something both positive and special.
His rigorous speaking schedule around the reservation is another attempt to fulfill a campaign pledge to make tribal government more accessible.
In the 1930's, the Providence Board of Public Safety called Mr. Patriarca ''Public Enemy No.
Membership is seen as opening the door to international credits totaling as much as $3 billion to $4 billion for the hard- pressed Government, which owes Western banks and governments more than $30 billion.
As it turns out, the idea is too cute for his own good.
But that one didn't work.''
Representatives of newspaper publishers, editors and reporters and journalism educators told the Senate Commerce Committee today that Federal rules governing the news content of television and radio news broadcasts were in conflict with the First Amendment and should be repealed.
''Many fly so low over the baseball diamonds on Roosevelt Island that the pilot could catch a pop fly.''
Her mother, Dr. Virginia Wilking, is a special lecturer in psychiatry at Physicians and Surgeons and former chief of child psychiatry at the Harlem Hospital.
Jamie Quirk, in his first time at bat for Cleveland, hit a bases-empty home run off Ron Davis with two out in the ninth inning to give the Indians a 4-3 victory over Minnesota tonight.
The former owner of the Dallas Cowboys, Clint Murchison, largely financed the construction more than a decade ago of Texas Stadium, in Irving, Tex., through the sale of noninterest bearing bonds that entitled a buyer to purchase season tickets to a seat or a box for Cowboy games.
This has set the stage for a meeting between Governor Kean and the leadership of both houses.
When Trottier appeared with the United States team in a Canada Cup exhibition game against Team Canada in Montreal the other night, he was roundly booed.
The events will take place during the festival's season, June 10-July 21, on the campus of Duke University in Durham, N.C., the festival's home since 1978.
''I remember when I was younger and my father reminded me that a mind is a muscle too,'' Dewberry continued.
American Ballet Theater has announced that it will tour Japan for three weeks, starting Oct. 24.
''Dark Circle'' shares with Mary Benjamin's ''12 Minutes to Midnight'' the conviction that the possibility of World War III is only one of the dangers to be understood in this nuclear age.
Still, there are major gaps in its product lines, and in the next few months the company is expected to acquire a company that is strong in CAD/ CAM, or computer aided design and manufacturer.
So, in 1907 he returned to the United States, having applied for teaching jobs in such far- flung places as Wichita, Kan., Cincinnati and Tuskegee, Ala.
Richard Reeves, author and syndicated columnist, wrote ''American Journey: Traveling With Tocqueville in Search of Democracy in America.''
Huntington and Bay Shore each scored three touchdowns, but three 2-point conversions by Bay Shore made the difference.
George Foster, who was booed during Friday night's 5-3 loss to the Braves, spent one hour taking batting practice in the cage beneath the grandstand.
The five-year relationship of two women, a teen-age patient and her analyst.
As the stare down continues, businesses that sprouted to capitalize on the offshore boom are already turning belly up.
Coker put Florida State (6-1-1) ahead to stay at 24-20 on a 28-yard toss to Hester 5:08 into the third quarter.
''We hold that a child or his parents may recover special damages for extraordinary medical expenses incurred during infancy, and that the infant may recover these expenses during his majority,'' it said.
For the same reason, Alabama's S.A.T.
''The big thrust is to develop and use new weapons,'' Mr. Roth said.
She graduated from the Tower Hill School in Wilmington and cum laude from Wesleyan University.
Mr. Beck plays the convict in the overheated mode of psychopathic good old boy, given to bursts of ominous anger and strings of frightening threats.
Virtually every artist seriously courting mainstream success made a video for at least one of his or her songs.
NORTH S 9 7 3 H 10 8 6 D K J 5 C Q 8 4 2 WEST S J 8 6 H K J D Q 9 4 2 C J 10 6 5 EAST(D) S A 10 5 H 9 4 3 2 D A 10 7 C A 9 3 SOUTH S K Q 4 2 H A Q 7 5 D 8 6 3 C K 7 North and South were vulnerable.
Guardians and conservators could get only one appointment a year if the expected fees exceed $2,500.
Whether placed on islands, or in industrial settings, or on any other parcel of land someone chooses to describe as being remote from a residential area, our collective experience in siting a variety of public facilities in recent years clearly shows that people who live nearby do not consider that site to be remote.
Instead, their computers must make an educated guess as to when the call is completed.
At 16, Peckford was beaten up on at least one occasion, did badly at school and on the hockey team, fought with his teachers and finally ''went through the motions and that was all.''
As a result, she said, ''I had a real 'I-don't- care' attitude because, after all, I already had my gold medal.''
Both those transactions face antitrust scrutiny, but Ken Maxcy, a Wheeling-Pittsburgh spokesman, said such a review was not necessary in the deal with Nisshin because it was not a merger.
The following are examples of the potential hazards the Medicare- Glaser computer system has called to the attention of its pharmacists: aspirin combined with blood thinners can cause hemorrhaging, the antibiotic ampicillin can reduce the effectiveness of birth-control pills and the antibiotic erythromycin can triple the potency of the heart medication digoxin, resulting in severe heart problems.
One of the best and least expensive Thai restaurants in the city, although it offers no atmosphere or decor.
Deborah Carleton Smith and David Yonkers Berry, 1984 graduates of Harvard College, were married yesterday at the First Parish Unitarian Church in Weston, Mass.
The older one gets, he said, the more ''nostalgic, wealthy and worried'' one becomes.
The subordinated notes bear interest at a rate equal to the one-year Treasury bill rate plus 100 basis points.
He noted that the agreement did not imply an end to political differences and criticisms, but said it ''is linked to that Argentine spiritual necessity of marching united in the basic and fundamental aspects to achieve among all of us the country we deserve.''
In other words: Americans wanted to cut government spending, but approved of government social programs, beginning with Social Security.
Last week, in a little-noticed move, G.M.
Students now simply check off all the option programs that interest them, a process in which they get little guidance because of a cutback in counselors in the junior high schools.
I visited Dona Ema about 18 months ago, walking with Lenard's widow among the fruit trees that shade his grave on the family farm.
Ironically, the manuscripts are placed near the Gutenberg Bible of 1455, which ushered in the age of publishing and ushered out the old art.
Under orders from the Supreme Court, Transportation Secretary Dole finally ruled in July that ''passive restraints'' would have to be installed in all new cars after 1989 - unless before then states with two-thirds of the population passed acceptable laws mandating the use of belts.
Miss Mason says ''hearing a poet read aloud makes the work more accessible.''
The emphasis of the group's effort is still volunteer campaign activities, and Mr. Erickson says the Fritzbuster routine brings in more willing workers.
Surface lures, says Mr. Lucas, do not do as well, and fishermen ought to be prepared to lose a few rigs to the river.
Groups of leftist youths who had been lying low during the last 18 months of army rule collected on street corners this afternoon, slapping hands like basketball players after a successful dunk shot.
''The potato season runs from spring to early fall,'' he said, ''the main propane consumption season runs from the fall to the spring.
Others tried to copy them, and generally failed.
Mr. Moynihan announced on Sunday that he was resigning from the vice chairmanship to draw attention to his complaints.
When you're in separate businesses, you spend a lot of time worrying about problems between businesses, such as what are the transfer prices between the timberlands division and the packaging division.
In Weber's piano quartet in B-flat, David Geber made little of a genial L"andler tune that could have been charming.
Mr. Margules, for example, agreed five years ago to buy a 123-unit building at 515 East Seventh Street in Brooklyn for $1.5 million, which he says is about double its current market value; the deal included a mortgage at 7 1/4 percent interest, an exceptionally favorable rate.
In both instances, it said, this assumed Government antitrust clearance.
Fryar to Miss Jets' Game Irving Fryar, the Patriots' rookie receiver who was the league's top top draft choice, is lost for the game with a separated shoulder.
''IT makes you feel really good when they notice you.
''Small Things Considered,'' broadcast from 5 to 8 P.M. Monday through Friday and 6 to 8 P.M. Saturday, has a little something for everybody - provided he or she is under 12 years of age.
Le Monde, the respected afternoon paper here, said that ''the real Europeans, not the utopians or the mystics'' could only rejoice over the accord, reached Tuesday at Fontainebleau, France.
That was the fourth and he created problems for himself by walking Keith Hernandez and Darryl Strawberry around a single by George Foster.
; Carol Bower of Manhattan Beach, Calif.; Carie Graves of Spring Green, Wis.; Jeanne Flanagan of Killingworth, Conn.; Kristine Norelius of Bellevue, Wash.; Kristen Thorsness of Anchorage, Alaska; Kathy Keeler of Chevy Chase, Md., and Betsy Beard of Chestertown, Md., the 90-pound coxswain.
When fungi died, the trees, loblolly pines, started to decline and die.
No Other Tax Rises Planned With the creation of the special transportation fund and the proposed increases in gasoline taxes and motor vehicle fees, Mr. O'Neill said, he would not recommend any other tax increases to pay for the budget for the fiscal year 1985 beginning July 1.
Mr. Wilson is faulted by critics who say he gave up his commitment to tight growth controls in the face of political realities in the latter years of his administration.
There is a long pond, and a path leads through a moist wooded area.
The poem had brilliance but there was something glitzy about it, sensational, or so it seemed to many critics at the time.
I also had with me a paperback of ''Waiting for the Barbarians,'' by the South African writer, J. M. Coetzee - a work of considerable power, but not perhaps the most felicitous choice for a Caribbean visit considering that it has to do with race, colonialism and exploitation.
''Other people felt we should have a member of the City Council sit on the Board of Contracts.''
''I'm making me a bird,'' retorted 7-year-old Arnetra Lewis, blinking shocking-pink eyelids, courtesy of face painting.
And that was not amplified.
She adjusted her murderers, her detectives and her plots.
''We're not moving toward legalizing residents in these districts in any widespread way,'' Mr. Woods said.
And unless that passes, you'll not end right- to-work laws so people get paid for the work that they do.
His mother, Jane Wilder Jacqz, until recently was executive director and vice president of the Aspen Institute for Humanistic Studies.
The gym was home to about 50 families over the winter, according to city officials, who said 39 families, or 155 people, stayed there Monday night.
Customers range from David Pennacchia, 5 years old and fussing about clipped hair tickling his nose, to Ethel Levy of East Meadow, L.I., who had just had a permanent wave for her short gray-flecked hair.
Earlier this year, the F.D.I.C.
Nevertheless, the ministry says it believes it will be enough to stop the slides, or at least slow them.
The drink is not new.
'Screaming for Help' ''Bodies were just falling every which way,'' said one passenger on the northbound Montrealer, Frank Coles of New York City.
As boats begin to drag on their anchors, various crews on other vessels rise from their sleep to offer aid.
''We started with a blank computer screen,'' Mr. Potts said, looking for a light, easy-to-fly 8- to 10-passenger business transport plane with a roomy cabin and a quiet ride.
His father is president and chief executive officer of Scudder, Stevens & Clark, an investment concern in New York.
In one case, in which a dead detainee's family sued for damages, a Supreme Court judge found that five security policemen had been responsible for the death.
A few moments later, he said, a manhole in the street just beyond the building's awning flew up into the air and Mr. Papas called the Fire Department.
''But you could live for years in Washington now without participating in any Government activity,'' he said.
Some $1 million will be spend in New York alone before the first plane takes off.
Another SST band, Saccharine Trust, explores a similar urban landscape of free-jazz energy explosions, howling guitars, and vocal rants, with less originality but with considerable power, on their album ''Surviving You, Always.''
But in the playoffs, that figure has fallen to 58.
Mr. Reynolds praised a majority decision in a case that struck down a lower court order protecting the jobs of newly hired black firefighters in Memphis from layoffs.
To the Editor: One of the more regrettable byproducts of the intense competition for public notice in a society saturated with print is the gratuitous attack on respected institutions or people to gain attention.
He completed the 16- yard scoring play, and some teammate - Manuel said later that he had been too excited to know which one - told him: ''You waited long enough.
It is known as the Active Magnetospheric Particle Tracer Explorers project.
Robert Maynard of the Royal Navy, commanding two sloops paid for by the enraged Governor Spotswood of Virginia out of his own pocket, finally cornered the buccaneer in 1718 and engaged him in battle.
It was the first meeting since the loss was disclosed in early April.
It was only after the curtain went up at the opera in Lincoln Center that the armies appeared and overwhelmed the music, and the conflict between the dreams and realities came on the stage.
Neither do we go to the store or supermarket, but to the A.& P. or Waldbaums.
''As family is managing, and client isn't asking for any services, we are closing this case,'' the caseworker recorded.
The person most responsible for that defense against Jordan was Dan Dakich, a junior guard who is not a starter in every Indiana game.
But it's a high-pressure place.
Among their concerns, the commissioner said, is that Phoenix is already the home of the Arizona Outlaws of the United States Football League, which recently filed a $1.32 billion antitrust suit against the N.F.L.
To the Editor: Your July 2 news article ''Art Donors Facing Stricter Tax Rules'' spoke of art collectors who overvalue their gifts to museums and take advantage of the inflated deductions.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
SOMETIMES the rudeness of an audience can come close to ruining an otherwise effective concert.
Wells About His Romantic Life After completing ''Experiment in Autobiography'' in 1934, H. G. Wells began another book, which he stipulated in his will should not be published until long after his death.
These changes, of course, did not occur in isolation, but reflected the needs of the rising middle class, and the growing emphasis Victorian England had begun to place on propriety and order.
In testimony this month before the Senate Armed Services Committee, Adm. James D. Watkins, the Chief of Naval Operations, said the Navy was requesting funding in the next fiscal year for 23 new ships and six modernizations of existing ships.
(3) Economic difficulties and problems of resource mobilization have been particularly serious in the developing countries.
Also of interest this week: Eiichi Sakurai and George Tice (Witkin, 41 East 57th Street): Having made his American debut in 1981, at the Art Institute of Chicago, Eiichi Sakurai, a 75-year-old photographer from Japan, is now appearing in Manhattan for the first time.
The next season, he played in 163 games (including the playoff game against the Yankees), batted .315, hit 46 home runs and 15 triples, scored 121 runs and knocked in 139.
''Management has worked amicably for four years with Interstate Properties and has welcomed the interest of the Bass group in the company and its future,'' Mr. Farkas said.
After a free-flying astronaut failed to capture the ailing Solar Max satellite and the space shuttle's robot arm dramatically succeeded, space officials have been pointedly asked why they picked man over machine in the first place.
His rent was $200 a month.
S"uss saw the tens of thousands of faces, curious women, with their mouths ready to bawl, men ready to smack their lips and growl with satisfaction, children's faces, chubby and large-eyed, destined to become as empty and malicious as the ugly visages of their parents.
The Emergency Housing Apartment Program, as the plan is known, was designed by the county's Department of Social Services through Westhab, a nonprofit housing and development organization of real-estate builders, developers and clergy.
''I guess she figured we'd read about it in the newspapers.''
You will need proof, preferably eyewitnesses and ideally other tenants.
Ratings * Kentucky Utilities Company's first mortgage bonds and collateralized pollution control revenue bonds were raised to AA, from AA-, and the preferred stock to AA-, from Ax, by Standard & Poor's.
Yugoslavia has several competing steel mills with surplus capacity, more refineries than can be economically useful, a railroad system with eight competing segments that snarl transportation, and expensive new mines that produce unsalable low-grade ore. Self-examination and self-criticism have unveiled juicy scandals, the most recent concerning a decade of systematic pilfering of tons of silver by a ring of self-managing mine workers.
Among his involvements with other owners that Culverhouse acknowledges are these: - When Leonard Tose, the owner of the Philadelphia Eagles, needed money recently to help pay debts, Culverhouse guaranteed a short-term bank loan.
Mrs. Ferraro said that Mr. Bush should apologize as well to the parents of the marines who were killed.
''Clearly I think there ought to be a commitment'' to increasing competitiveness.
After a master list was compiled it was decided that each event should be designed for a particular purpose.
Both ''Taking Sides'' and ''Commonplaces'' had piano scores by Beth Anderson that sounded like music boxes playing faintly familiar, yet ultimately unidentifiable, folk songs over and over.
Gold Up in Hong Kong Gold prices rose in Hong Kong to $344.03 from $340.06.
analyst and paid consultant for the program, also told Mr. Benjamin that Mr. Johnson knew of the debate.
He had drifted from job to job in Marseilles, Basel and in the Swiss border town of Chiasso, where he worked as a marble cutter (his first job as a craftsman) and transport officer.
Deductions for ''premature accruals'' of expenses will not be allowed until the expenses are paid.
The forums will feature Tom Wicker on Feb. 7 and Feb. 8, Terence Smith on Feb. 14 and 15, William Safire on Feb. 21 and 22, John M. Lee on Feb. 28 and 29, Walter Sullivan on March 6 and 7, Leslie H. Gelb on March 13 and 14, Leonard Sloane on March 20 and 21, and Harold C. Schonberg on March 27 and 28.
The bureau said that the New York- northeastern New Jersey price index stood at 299.9 in March, meaning that it took $29.99 to purchase what $10 would have bought in the 1967 index base period.
They went on extended patrols of 20 days, zigzagging an area that reached into Dutchess County, checking in at post offices to get their orders.
Data included in the second revision of the gross national product for the third quarter of 1984 follow, with all dollar amounts in billions at seasonally adjusted annual rates.
About a third of the American and Soviet astronauts have had motion sickness in space - enough of a problem to prompt the allocation of millions of dollars of Federal research dollars.
The port now handles no orange juice, according to the authority's executive director, Peter C. Goldmark Jr.
What's worse, there's no way out of the pinch - at least in the short run.
''Now you can see why I was trying to retire this spring,'' Piniella tells him.
The church offices were left untouched.
Israel exists to a great extent because of the Holocaust, whose survivors (of which I am one) demanded it, populated it and fought for it in 1948 and thereafter.
'Here to Do a Job' Asked if he's in camp for good, Carson said: ''I am here to do a job.
Any plan to enhance the scholarly standing of the institution would have to recognize that academic resources are contracting, not expanding the way they were when, for example, the University of Washington and the University of Texas were emerging on the national scene.
''If I like a piece of music or a dramatic idea, then I dance to it,'' she said.
At least that's the case for some 150,000 viewers (according to the latest Nielsen figures) in the New York area.
''There's no snooze alarm,'' says Carolyn Bird.
The Netherlands has warned Unesco that it might leave the organization if it does not agree to fundamental changes, a Foreign Ministry spokesman said today.
Fee, $10 per session, for nonmembers.
ST. LOUIS (NL) - Acquired catcher Mike Lavalliere, catcher, from the Philadelphia Phillies for a player to be named later.
account yielding a 12 percent rate, will have amassed $682,848 by the age of 50.
''The whole city is alive,'' he wrote.
Then he added that there was time before the State of the Union Message in January for the President to back it.
As he did today, William M. Isaac, the chairman of the F.D.I.C., insisted then that in adopting the securities underwriting rule, the agency was not breaking down barriers in banking; it was only seeking to clarify existing rules.
In fact, officials have said that they expect to use this record to divert attention from attacks by Democrats over the string of record budget deficits - in the range of $180 billion to $200 billion - that the country faces over the next several years.
They are in a forthcoming film, ''Pumping Iron II.''
''It's called 'Acting Shakespeare,' which is indeed an actor acting Shakespeare, but it also means an actor talking not about the philosopher Shakespeare or the poet Shakespeare, but the acting Shakespeare, the Shakespeare who was an actor and interested in acting.
One of the more accurate drivers on the tour, Gray is not a long hitter.
Question: An article in the Travel section (Oct. 28) about bicycling across the country rekindled my interest in undertaking such a journey.
Any more is just frosting on the cake.''
JAMES A. KRAUSKOPF Human Resources Administrator New York, Jan. 13, 1984
They lost their manager Yogi Berra for a game and a half with the flu.
And that supposition will be the subject of extensive debate in the weeks to come as Congress takes up the fiscal 1985 budget for the Department of Housing and Urban Development.
On the other hand, he has surrounded himself with melodic instrumentalists, led by his musical director, Marc Shaiman, at the piano, and by a dynamic back-up trio.
The legend on the store door reads, ''People's Voice, Office and Bookstore, Communist Party USA, M-L.'' The ''M-L'' stands for ''Marxist-Leninist'' and was an integral part of the name of an organization that did not exist in the period with which Mr. Klehr's book deals, the Depression decade.
The championship match ended on the 17th hole when Gil Morgan, Watson's opponent, failed to drop a difficult uphill putt over a roll.
Carefully tailored, it often buttons down the front or, alternatively, can wrap to one side.
But when the starting lineup was announced, there he was, standing amid a group that included the veteran forward M. L. Carr, the sixth-man Kevin McHale and Scott Wedman.
The whites do not seem to include as many young people as before.
''You see a lot of your own history right there.
His son has been wanted on accusations of insulting the armed forces and undermining the Government with his condemnations of it while abroad.
Archbishop O'Connor's full statement said: ''I was naturally surprised to read statments in The New York Times this morning that some readers might construe as being attributed to me by Governor Cuomo, particularly since I have never had what I would consider to be a substantial discussion with the Governor.
The market has long been dominated by the European cars and has been one of the strongest growth segments for the industry, even through the recession of the last three years.
And why I think it is outrageous; first of all, it sin't true.
With the victory, the Hoyas raised their record to 29-3 and became the first team in the five-year history of the conference to win both the regular-season and conference titles in the same season.
Miss Verdy used to say that Balanchine would warn her not to overaccent her dancing.
Also, Anheuser-Busch, a St. Louis company, offered to promote the game.
The spans were the West Broadway, Main Street and the North Straight Street Bridges.
No one who has seen ''.
A key figure was Dr. Issam Sartawi, a member of the P.L.O.
Although the panel does not begin work until Oct. 1, it set up a phone line in July for complaints, and in its first month received more than 100.
A group including two limited partnerships and three individuals said it holds 6.1 percent, or 436,760 common shares, of Vector Graphic Inc., a maker of microcomputer systems based in Thousand Oaks, Calif.
According to legend, Mrs. Winchester, a believer in the occult, was instructed during a seance to move West and start building a house.
The cover has a picture of him in an old-fashioned black knitted tank-top bathing suit rowing a group of five children waving from the boat.
Gerry McNamara, general manager of the Maple Leafs, was en route to Chicago with the team for a game there tonight and was not available for comment.
He cut himself a lot shaving.
* Kenny Index, Kenny Information Systems Salomon Brothers estimates for bellwether issues
This was because, although it was announced that Sean Lavery had fallen ill and would be replaced by Adam L"uders, it was not announced that neither Mr. L"uders nor Merrill Ashley would dance their first two scheduled variations.
This may mean a cash payment or other benefit as well as a ticket for the next flight.
Therefore, it is our understanding that the issue of sexual orientation, in effect, is never a question in the practical world of job screening.
But in Europe, gold slipped to $339.50 at both major bullion centers, dipping 30 cents in London and 50 cents in Zurich.
A Wyeth official, Dr. Daniel Shaw, testified that he had kept the centers apprised of the company's production plans.
It complains that from 1965 to 1980 ''the United States indulged in a disastrous experiment with centralized direction of our schools.''
The speaker was Jan C. Scruggs, president of the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Fund, not Secretary of the Interior William P. Clark.
And there's Miss Hepburn, all big shiny eyes and big shiny teeth as the predatory mother.
American officials have said that the arrival of Soviet fighters in Nicaragua would be considered a provocation, and thus far Moscow has declined to supply MIG's to Managua.
But I couldn't imagine us tailoring our music to some preconceived formula like that.
Senior debt and guaranteed debt issues of Socal were reduced to Aa-3, from Aaa, while senior and guaranteed debt of Gulf was cut to Aa-3, from Aa-2.
They come with illustrated instructions for installation.
It is also known for its short pointed stature and needle retention.
The biggest obstacle remains the issue of verification.
On Sunday, when McCatty pitched against California, Murphy knocked in four runs with homers his first two times at bat.
Damage to Players Seen ''If anyone is damaged,'' said the agent, ''it'll be those young men who are advised to come out and then don't succeed in the pros.
''He chased a guy right into us who had just stabbed to death a three-card-monte dealer,'' said Bob Finn, one of the younger patrolmen.
''We're going to do this in spite of the government,'' she insisted.
The scene at the airport was one of controlled confusion.
Nineteen eighty-four was also the year when the personal computer stopped being a novelty and became a staple in the American home, particularly in dens and home offices.
He said the board was failing to meet its legal responsibility in the way it handled the forms.
There is no getting around the fact that he misappropriated and desecrated a great score (''Rigoletto'') with a gross lack of artistic integrity.
The previous record was 31, and it was held by White.
Merchant Marine 45, Fitchburg State 0 - John Bruckner, whose brother Nick plays for the New York Jets, set a Mariner record when he returned the punt 68 yards for a touchdown in the second quarter.
Threat to Potvin Potvin received a police escort to his car after the Islanders' victory, following a threat against his life that was phoned into the Nassau Coliseum switchboard during the game.
Today's Columns Argentina cannot rescue itself from its debt crisis.
Two years ago, an obscure, black-bearded Sikh preacher named Bhindranwale was swaggering around Amritsar's Golden Temple, wearing his turban, bandoleer and Sikh warrior's sword.
''It's a road movie,'' he said.
It was the kind of disarray, he said, that was ruinous of the ''sharp, precise organization'' that he thought most employees wanted and that, with their help, he intended to forge.
Readers are invited to send written questions about travel to Q & A, Travel Section, The New York Times, 229 West 43d Street, New York, N.Y. 10036.
This specimen, said to have been an Indian marker tree, measures 18 1/2 feet in girth waist high, with an estimated height of 80 feet and a branch spread of 125 feet north to south and 113 feet east to west.
On Jan. 9, at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas, Nev., Coleco officials held a news conference to say that while the company would lose money in the fourth quarter, it would make a profit in 1983.
Although it was never dominated by ''hard research,'' the publication hovered close to the world of the academic journals, and it looks like one.
All state-ready prisoners are housed in cells in the maximum-security jail, Mr. Maffucci said.
And I turned around and looked at this kid and I said, 'There's a correlator.'
Various polls have shown Mr. Gramm leading Mr. Doggett by 10 to 12 percentage points.
Such a move by the Fed would probably lift interest rates, currency dealers said.
One of its two deputies-elect, Isidro Tellez Toruno, a bricklayer, said he opposed efforts to maintain a mixed economy in Nicaragua and would vote against ''laws of capitalist tendency.''
It is in these films that Mr. Mifune made his mark, with a swagger, a leonine handsomeness and a fierce physical presence.
Sundstrom had proved his ability to play the giants of the game by rebounding from a 2-0 deficit in sets to beat Ivan Lendl in the cup semifinals, and had been strong in practice.
Mr. Powell signed the settlement Wednesday before he learned of the award.
''People thought I was nuts then,'' he recalled.
Despite the uncertainties, the mill seems to be operating as usual: trains are shuttling ore and scrap to the furnaces, ingots are being poured and stripped and overhead cranes are carrying slabs to the finishing mills.
The strong cards are seafood entrees and desserts.
They can range from a platter of deep- fried perch served at a small restaurant on the shores of Lake Leman to a Stygian-black truffle baked in puff pastry and served with a Madeira wine sauce at the Auberge de l'Ill in Alsace to the lobsters and corn on the cob at a simple clambake on a beach near my home in Long Island.
Selinger admitted yesterday that he had wanted to avoid Japan, and that he had motivated his players for the supreme effort against China the first time, ''to go at least for the silver.''
On the same stage where Dudley campers have performed ''Macbeth,'' they have also performed a mad-scientist lobotomy skit, a thinly veiled excuse to throw spaghetti ''brains'' around the hall.
Its traditionally low debt level has increased to 30 percent of total capitalization from 16 percent because of the $380 million cash purchase of Masonite.
No Motive and Few Leads In Slaying on East Side Michael Malkan was found shot to death on Sept. 29 in the entrance hall of his apartment at 340 East 80th Street, between First and Second Avenues.
Personal Computers, Panasonic copiers and A.T.& T. telephones, the store is sandwiched between McDonald's discount shoe store and Al's Fishery.
Mr. Adler, the coordinator of the voter registration coalition, said that as a result of recruiting since last September, he has a computerized file of 75,000 new registrants and hopes to register 175,000 more by Labor Day.
During the recent elections I read about a dessert called an election cake.
Each program will begin with a background piece explaining and updating an issue, followed by a studio discussion on the same topic: ''What if the economic boom turns to bust?''
Yesterday Mr. Mondale called Mr. Reagan's charge that the Democratic tax plan would cost taxpayer $135 billion, twice the original estimate, a use of ''hocus-pocus numbers.''
Held Under Emergency Powers The Bishop was held under Zimbabwe's sweeping emergency powers, which were inherited from the previous white minority Rhodesian regime and permit indefinite detention without trial.
Smugglers Diverted West ''That stepped-up enforcement has been successful to some degree in that it has diverted some of the smuggling activity into Texas and other Gulf States'' where the authorities are ill- equipped to catch them, Mr. White said.
This is a curious situation, which in Lewis Carroll's words is growing curiouser and curiouser as the reform movement gathers speed without pausing to define its goals.
Assembly Called Meaningless But leaders of the boycott movement reply that the elections are futile.
To further such goals in the energy industry, he introduced a bill in 1977 to exempt independent producers of natural gas from Government price controls.
indeed, like fathers, have been assailed by their author-sons for centuries.
Today he declared that he would not allow the President ''to divert the debate from the real questions facing our future by questioning my faith, my patriotism, or my family values.''
Leon Brittan, the Home Secretary, who coordinated British actions during the crisis, and hundreds of police officers from throughout the country were there to pay tribute to the woman who fulfilled a childhood dream to serve on the force although, at 5 feet 2 1/2 inches, she was too short to qualify.
But there is a fundamental difference between his paintings and the kind of interiors that the late Mario Praz collected for his celebrated and much-loved anthology of conversation pieces.
Ronald Reagan and Eddie Koch tell you it's helping the poor.
In some ways, the policy was quite successful.
The problem is that there will be no substantial decline in interest rates until the United States comes up with a credible plan to reduce its budget deficit.
asked Dawn Mello, the president of Bergdorf Goodman.
State officials may visit schools to verify information and test the students.
Doug Flutie, the magician, ran out of tricks today and Boston College went down to defeat for the first time this season.
But according to Miss Dunn, ''Exports to the United States are such a drop in the ocean it can't possibly be disruptive.
Four people have been arrested in connection with the robbery, the last in 1975.
Her body was found in a lightly-wooded area 200 feet from an entrance road to the campus, a quarter mile from a service road off the Long Island Expressway, according to Robert McVeigh, a university spokesman.
The 300 pieces, only part of the 1,500 objects in the collection, represent Mr. Rockefeller's gatherings from the 1930's through the 70's.
Hayes was asked who might win the A.F.C.
THE setting: a southbound Broadway bus, the kin with no window in the back.
Included in the 112,760 militia figure, according to prior testimony, were about 70,000 Vietcong part-time, hamlet-based self- defense forces.
Prices that farmers get for raw products declined seven-tenths of 1 percent this month, averaging only 1.5 percent more than a year ago, the Agriculture Department said today.
Albert King, the Net forward suffering from back spasms, will remain in traction at University Hospital in Newark for at least three or four days, according to a team spokesman.
And you don't count us out.''
Load The Cannons was another 2 3/4 lengths behind in the field of nine.
'Privilege of Helping People' ''I do 95 percent of the work, because I don't want the money to go anywhere but to the patients,'' Carter said.
The school also plans to increase the number of students from the current level of about 150 in each class to 180 in the fall semester.
Mr. Reagan had his greatest difficulty in discussing the $180-to-$200- billion yearly deficits that stretch away into the future - primarily caused, as even the chairman of the Reagan Council of Economic Advisers has testified, by the rising Reagan military budget, the Reagan tax cut and the consequent increase in interest costs.
For sports broadcasters, ''San Diego Jack Murphy Stadium,'' the official name of the city's ball park, is too much of a mouthful.
Money managers are not surprised by this volatility, with many blaming it on what Mr. Kroll of Hutton called ''a tremendous increase in the pressure to perform.''
Moreover, some Republicans resent Mr. Richardson's Brahmin background and ways and say he has not done anything to help the state party in recent years.
However, Dr. Judd Marmor of Los Angeles, former president of the American Psychiatric Association, said: ''I look askance at nursing children until they are 2 or 3 because it perpetuates the infantilizing of the child.
For the ship's interior, however, cramped does not necessarily mean ugly.
''There's no basis for this demagoguery that somehow we have punished, and are picking on, or trying to get our recovery on the backs of the needy,'' Mr. Reagan said Tuesday.
''I'm here primarily to proclaim the Gospel, the good news of the cross and the resurrection,'' he said.
China said today that it had made ''serious representations'' to the United States to protest a plan for $760 million in arms sales to Taiwan, saying the deal would violate a 1982 agreement.
That was the year, incidentally, when Mr. Hu and Mr. Jaffe first met as students at Guilford High and became close friends; since their paths have separated recently (Mr. Hu now teaches at Indiana University), it should be an especially happy reunion (453- 3890).
If they've done things other than acting, it shows they're thinking people.
The Export-Import Bank compromised with Reagan officials on a plan to help companies seeking to sell equipment to a South Korean steel complex.
Cesar Virata, the Prime Minister and Minister of Finance, said, ''Payments will have to be worked out between 1991 and 1996 for the maturities that are falling due between July 1, 1985, and June 30, 1986.''
He used his time there to ingratiate himself with important clerics in the Vatican Curia and wealthy American Catholic expatriates.
''I was really pumped up for this one,'' Berry said.
I often wonder at a press that's so tolerant of so many idiosyncrasies but is critical of John Thompson.''
One sure way to save such land, the report said, would be to take it out of cultivation.
Earnings for many biotechnology companies tend to be skimpy at best, since the hoped-for payoff lies in the future.
Professor Sue Markle of the University of Illinois wanted the jazz community to know about the university's videotapes of the Art Ensemble of Chicago and Eddie Jefferson.
The three- month bills mature Feb. 21, 1985 and the six- month bills, May 23, 1985.
Tie all this loosely onto a mystery plot, set it against the squalid boardwalk existence of Huntington Beach, populate it with bikers, surfers, dopers and runaways, and you've almost got ''Tapping the Source.''
This meal is so popular he keeps the front door locked until 7:30.
In a special televised statement, Mr. Marcos also warned business leaders and professionals that they faced arrest if they took part in the rally.
A blended white, Cuvee Blanc, is $6.99.
Indeed, it seems to experts here as though I.B.M.
Most state disciplinary rules now in effect are based on a model ethical code adopted in 1969 by the A.B.A., the nation's largest organization of lawyers.
His answers today went further on the subject than anything he had said previously.
Last fall assignments were made based on race, in an effort to integrate the city's teaching staff further.
It is worth taking note when such work, having transcended its source, is critically acclaimed for its ability to touch a universal human core.
In the Declaration of Independence itself, Thomas Jefferson wrote that all men are ''endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights.''
Tom Buhl of the New Mexico Environmental Improvement Division's radiation protection bureau said the level of radioactivity is low and does not pose an immediate threat.
Two hundred years ago an American merchant ship dropped anchor in the Pearl River at Canton, beginning the first contacts between China and the United States.
There is a remarkable and perhaps unprecedented effort to do anything to support both Lear and Olivier.
And powerful applications, in turn, lead to new machines.
For years the society published a bimonthly magazine called Asia.
An issue with that kind of instant impact must not be given short shrift.
''And is American art as good as it used to be?''
Their daughter, Laurie, 19 years old, is returning to Bard College for her third year.
Your readers have the right to know the facts as they appear in black and white in Senate Bill 66, which already has passed, and in House Bill 4103, which is now under consideration.
The candidate's anxious aides were hoping yesterday that her solo performance before sometimes hostile questioning would not only place the controversy behind her but also prove that she could withstand the pressure of national office.
''These guys know I'm prone to cut,'' Antuofermo said after winning a split decision over Richard Beranek in a fight halted after five rounds because both men were bleeding badly.
A staff member in her mother's Queens apartment said, ''I handed that to her yesterday and I had to prove it.''
Under pressure from a House subcommittee, Mr. Dotson set out this year to complete 125 contested unfair labor cases each month.
First Boston has collected a $1 million fee so far and will receive $5 million more for pending sales and an additional $4 million for subsequent sales.
Arkansas controlled the first half and took a 59-47 lead with about five minutes left following layups by Scott Rose and Charles Balentine.
Under Saban and Saban's predecesors, Miami recruiters fanned out across the eastern half of the country.
The exhausted swimmers who did reach the French beaches had to swim back out to their boats and endure choppy rides of an hour or more into the port of Calais so that French customs officials could take a cursory look at their passports.
''I walked out of the building with my doggie,'' she said.
Definition of a Disaster Not all catastrophes qualify for the tax deduction.
Another customer, Richard Wright, bought a seven-foot tree and tried to hail one of the dozens of empty taxis that hit the brakes lightly when they saw him - before speeding on.
Digital said it would begin shipping the VAX 8600 next April at prices ranging from $576,000 to $970,000.
It sets forth international developments which give rise to protectionist sentiments in the United States, and then proposes a solution: The United States must reduce its standards to become competitive with lower standards which may exist anywhere in the world.
''I would favor some kind of regulation on the state level that would make sure we're not ravished by these land sales people,'' said Assemblyman Clarence D. Lane, a Republican.
He said Moscow had notified NATO of the exercises 21 days before they started, as required under an agreement with the alliance.
A year ago, North Korea was charged by Burma with having plotted the bomb-killing of 17 South Korean officials visiting Rangoon.
So far, the nation's 3,400 savings and loan associations and nearly 500 saving banks are hanging on bravely.
One, a man, said the envelope was ''addressed the same way'' he registered to vote but that he had since moved and the report was sent to his new address.
Carl Tacy, the Wake Forest coach, touted this season's Houston team as ''much improved'' over the team that blew the lead in the title game.
And it is not so clear that he would have been able to produce.
The quiet heroes who haven't had a chance to develop their potential and show us their greatness.''
Because of the large volume of mail we receive, we are unable to acknowledge or to return unpublished letters.
On the touchy question in the North as well as in the South of whether ex-slaves should be allowed to wear Union blue and carry arms, Lincoln came down strongly for them in the armed service.
Gold again broke the $400 mark, ending the day in New York at $402.25 an ounce, up $3.75.
Joe Allen carries 15 bottled beers and 5 drafts.
Roy Hoffman's novel, ''Almost Family,'' won the 1983 Lillian Smith Award for fiction.
At first, the project was a hit-and- miss affair run out of an apartment with files kept under the bed.
He and Dr. Charlie Jenkins, the head coach, train Marshall.
Father Borg, noting that Mr. Mintoff has spoken of retirement, said he believed Mr. Mintoff wanted to announce it on Oct. 6, after a ''triumphant'' visit to Rome, but changed his mind when the situation turned against him, canceling a scheduled rally.
''Let them tell you themselves.
With it is shown the famous Alfred Jewel, a gold, pear-shaped frame holding a slab of rock crystal, beneath which is an enamel of a male figure.
More than 50 others have their missions in Tel Aviv.
Mark Edwin Andrews 3d was the best man.
The report did note that if economic conditions were worse in the next three years than the most pessimistic assumption, the fund could face financial difficulties through 1987.
One explanation floated about is the newness of the Cuomo administration and the compulsive work habits that tend to accompany any fledgling executive.
''They don't write mysteries anymore; only anatomical textbooks,'' bemoans one of the writers, Trevor Foyle, cannily played by Fritz Weaver.
Yet last year Mr. Ozawa conducted a concert to benefit Musicians Against Nuclear Arms.
Last year, Merrill Lynch hit a high of 56 1/2; Hutton, 53 1/8, and Paine Webber, 61 3/8.
Within weeks, the sheepshead were back.
The coaches have another viewpoint, and they know what plays are best, so I just go with the flow.
Is there coodination between the Authority and the New York State Department of Transportation?
O'Neill Says Age a Factor On Tuesday morning, Mr. O'Neill, who is 15 months younger than Mr. Reagan, said that age had become a factor in the campaign.
Aminoil, a subsidiary of R. J. Reynolds Industries, is one of the largest independent petroleum exploration and production companies.
Sabin is scheduled to make two more starts this year, in the Yellow Ribbon Stakes at Santa Anita next month and in the one-mile Breeders Cup grass race against colts.
Hjartarson's 14 B-N3 cleared the way for an eventual P-B4 followed by P-K5, but Lobron killed this strategy once and for all with 14 .
Mahre had been clocked in 1 minute 46.90 seconds, with runs of 55.67 seconds and 51.23, and was 29-hundredths of a second ahead of Girardelli's 1:47.19.
Clifford Mortimer is not an easy man, and Lord Olivier doesn't seek a smidgen of unearned sympathy for him.
The regulations will govern not only the 3,000 gasoline stations in the state, but also underground storage tanks used by industry.
Dunbar himself was referred to as ''the most promising black man in the country.''
On Israel's rock - the exact same one and there's the problem - Abraham offered his sacrifices and Solomon built his temple.
Sperry Sperry's computer division once made some of the industry's hottest products.
The first cat bath went fairly well.
''We could ourselves be exposed to these kinds of acts almost anywhere on earth,'' Mr. Mondale said, ''and if it occurs how do we complain?''
Mr. Matthews won the 1982 election by 359 absentee votes.
Then, as now, the insurance was mainly property and casualty, rather than life insurance.
Those who are unmarried may be buried.
But lawmakers from both parties said that today's decision could revive her political problems.
''I'm not sure they understand.
Under a new ruling last week, however, the breakup of Ma Bell could take on aspects of a cloning, with local phone companies growing into little A.T.&T.'s.
One overall logistic weakness, however, is that each uses a different type of ammunition for its main gun.
His active service, which spanned 35 years following his graduation in 1939 from West Point to his retirement in 1974, shows a distinguished record in terms of military education, combat, commands, decorations won and intelligence experience.
Registration is Wednesday, and judging is Thursday.
''We don't all grow in lock step, clones of one another,'' said Mrs. Secunda, who has no inhibitions about announcing her own age, 45.
Given the situation along the front in December 1944, the American dispositions, in retrospect, do not appear foolhardy.
Smith, 33 years old, still could barely conceal a mixture of embarrassment and anger at being taken out of the game.
And because it has no license for spirits, patrons can provide their own wine at lower-than-restaurant prices.
When the Lotus Development Corporation received a report from an informant that Rixon Inc. had made unauthorized copies of a Lotus financial spreadsheet computer program for use in its branch offices, Lotus filed a $10 million copyright complaint.
Self-employed men increased by only 47,000, or 1 percent, to reach 5 million.
Mr. Cole, who graduated from the Philadelphia College of Textiles and Science, is a sales executive at Charter Fabrics Inc. in New York, of which his father is president.
In the year since it opened its expansive brass and glass doors at Mitchel Field, this hotel has become one of the Island's most popular spots for seeing and being seen.
The Ambassador also confirmed three incidents in which American advisers came under hostile fire recently.
Five such troupes performing at the center this season are the North Carolina Dance Theater and the Ohio, Oakland and Louisville Ballets, as well as the Atlanta Ballet, the center's resident ballet company.
Surveys of gynecologists indicate that four in five are opposed to douching, except perhaps now and again.
Results Read Differently James T. Dolan, president and chief executive of New Jersey Resources, however, read the results differently.
In a growing sport, that is important to him.
He surely forgot one of Watergate's most important morals: Government must not operate in an atmosphere of distrust, nor should public servants be subjected to surveillance without warning.
The satellite is orbiting the Earth at altitudes ranging from 306 miles to 310 miles.
He reinjured the knee Monday in a pre-game practice with the Phillies' farm team in Reading.
The Braves owner also said, ''I didn't want to let him go, but I was just as much a part of it as anybody else.
Clean the inside of the metal surfaces thoroughly to get rid of all dirt, oxidation and foreign matter.
Senator Sasser, who is the ranking minority member of the Appropriations Committee's Military Construction Subcommittee, said a Senate staff investigation indicated that ''there is real evidence that our military is building airfields and other infrastructure to support a very large and possibly permanent United States military contingency there.''
Sharp, a marketer of Japanese- made products, got a new president last June, Kazuo Kubo.
He defeated Representative Tom Corcoran, who accused Mr. Percy of disloyalty to President Reagan.
I mean, he couldn't do anything.
He won the general election, too, thanks to an unusually cohesive black vote and a sprinkling of white liberal votes.
Early on, Twombly's work is linear and unassuming, as in a marvelous drawing of 1955 whose delicate pencil strokings, snarled at the bottom half of the sheet, suggest a field of waving grasses, and a series of seven oil stick drawings done in 1957 - tangles of reds, greens and golds on graph paper that drift to the right and upward as if blown by a wayward breeze.
Jay Murphy, Martin Clark and Roger McCready all fouled out.
Mr. Tartikoff, who schedules all of NBC's programs, said he chose to place two children's shows opposite ''60 Minutes'' because although ''60 Minutes'' is the top-rated show in homes without children, it ranks only 18th in homes with children.
To the Editor: In the interview that accompanied the review of Alfred Kazin's ''An American Procession'' (May 13), Herbert Mitang quotes Mr. Kazin as saying: ''I may be the only person alive who wrote for The Times Book Review nearly a half-century ago.''
The finale, from Beethoven's Fifth Symphony, will have to await another concert.
''If you lose 49 states, where was she a drag - Delaware?''
the Mayor asked, somewhat flustered.
The draft will begin at noon, with the doors opening one hour earlier at the Felt Forum.
The cattle were slaughtered and loaded on these rickety planes that lumbered off dirt runways built on scores of ranches.
And when the show did not go so well, Mr. Kuritch would offer coffee and consolation.
They offered to rent me a camera for the weekend.''
How much these families would save is unclear, but the estimated revenue loss through 1987 is about $60 million, assuming that other families also invoke the provision.
The traditionalist producer tries to reproduce the choreography danced at a ballet's premiere or, occasionally, at some later date.
''More than once, I've heard a story like this: A man told me he demanded a woman's phone number while he was choking her.
In that period, consumer prices increased 10 1/2 times.
Miss Mathews believes that especially in winter, the garden should be designed for the vantage from which it is usually seen.
Now here before me stood a graceful compromise, a union of religious order and certainty - the big, comfortable, solid church embracing its rows of white pews and vaulted ceiling - with the natural prodigality of the sensuous Pacific tropics.
Iran accused the United States and Israel today of placing mines in the Red Sea in a ''new conspiracy'' to try to discredit Teheran's Islamic Government.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
This was the sixth PGA Tour playoff in nine medal-play tournaments so far.
There were 11 homemade cards for 11 mothers, cut from colored paper, each with a paper flower glued to the front.
Still at large, the bureau said, is the assailant or assailants in the kidnapping last Friday of the young woman, the daughter of a Navajo hospital maintenance man.
The letter asserted that Aero had equipment that would allow it to duplicate the logotypes of 20 electronics-related manufacturers, including RCA, ITT, Litton, Sylvania, Raytheon and Western Electric.
Critics want to keep the reactor closed.
Another member of the Bucs, the left offensive tackle Gene Sanders, was not so complimentary about L. T. ''He does all the talking,'' 285-pound Gene Sanders said, ''and takes all the cheap shots.
For these young and ambitious artists, even a walk through the grounds must be a provocation to create, since paintings hang on every available wall, and sculptures are found at every turn: one at the wood pile, another on the roof of a cabin, and another, mysteriously, is discovered deep in the woods.
The increase was made contingent on a stipulation that most of it would be rescinded if Lilco went bankrupt.
The hours of 8 to 11 P.M. do not appear in the dictionary.)
The Governor will not submit his proposed budget to the General Assembly until February, and a reduction in the sales tax, if approved by the legislators, would not take effect until July 1, the start of the 1985-86 fiscal year.
The Landmarks Commission is reviewing the proposal, the deputy commissioner says, adding, ''I'm not saying it's going to be quickly resolved.''
But now a developer, offering the attraction of a Center City complex that could bring jobs, business and revenue to a city in need of all of them, has proposed to pierce the ceiling with two office towers.
Additional locations around the state are planned.
Internal Party Strife Both Democrats and Republicans were beset by internal strife.
The Sonics' attendance, once healthy, has slipped to an average of 7,111 in the wake of Gus Williams's trade and the forced retirement of Fred Brown, who was with the club for 13 years.
A warning about the nuclear arms race in words and pictures.
Well, that crossed off those two - because they didn't.
No longer must consumers conduct their banking according to ''bankers' hours'' - between 10 A.M. and 3 P.M.
Teddy Brenner, the matchmaker for Top Rank Inc., which will promote the card on which Steve McCrory will make his pro debut, Oct. 19 at Madison Square Garden, was introducing the 112-pound division gold medalist yesterday to the boxing world.
On Friday, Senator Hart made a remark that was interpreted by many in the state, including Governor Kean, as one of the once-familiar New Jersey jokes.
The harmony between the Clemente and Hunt is badly shaken by the paintings of David Salle, who appears to play, if not the dwarf, at least the caustic court jester to their aristocrats.
Their daughters-in- law were not all Sara and Walter might have wished them to be; neither, for that matter, were their two sons.
He seems very happy to be back.''
It is, as you'd expect, the second largest delegation and has 136 delegates, representing 3.4 million Republican voters.
''We submitted to the courts the question as to who makes social policy,'' he said.
Neeskens became known round the world playing in midfield for Ajax of Amsterdam and the national team of the Netherlands, which reached the World Cup final in 1974 in West Germany and 1978 in Argentina, only to lose to the host country each time.
The American soprano Johanna Meier will sing Isolde for her first time with the Metropolitan Opera in the company's performance of ''Tristan und Isolde'' on Wednesday night.
''If someone wants to play both, it's fine with us.
That definitely wasn't the case last September, when Australia II, with her revolutionary winged keel, not only made it the closest series in the 132-year history of the cup matches, but by beating Liberty in what Dennis Conner, the skipper of the American boat, called the race of the century, ended the longest winning streak in the recorded history of sports.
W.R. Grace does not own Cetus's Madison Corporation; it holds 51 percent of a Cetus/Grace partnership to which Cetus contributed the assets of Cetus Madison.
In documents entered by the F.B.I.
Yet in various ways, the death of one member of the Nehru clan and the rise of another represents a break with the past, rather than continuity.
The law, which amends long-standing textile and wool labeling laws, requires that all clothing and household fabrics carry labels indicating the countries in which they were made, but Mr. Johnson said the intent was to identify American goods.
However, many observers agree that the Philharmonia's top drawing card is its exuberant and articulate conductor.
b-After equity in loss of Chromalloy American Corp. of $11,623,000.
The city and the Port Authority helped pay for the buses.
Among its affiliates are members of the Ku Klux Klan, the American Nazi Party and some radical adherents to the doctrine of Posse Comitatus, which recognizes no law above the county level.
''She was really driving and had a really good race.''
When the 58-year-old Mrs. Fonti found herself short- handed, customers poured their own coffee and buttered their own rolls.
* ISS International Service System Inc., a New York building maintenance company, said it had agreed to sell its ISS Central Elevator division to Meyers Parking System Inc. for about $10.5 million.
New York State residents must add appropriate tax.)
Of greater interest to the aides was the evening news coverage of Mr. Mondale.
''We start with our horoscopes and then move on to the obituaries,'' said Mrs. Howitt, whose spry sense of humor keeps Mrs. Beaman laughing.
His name was Petros Azarian and he taught me how to refine the techniques, which are very important for a good product - how to extract the eggs without breaking, the amount and kind of salt to use, how long to age the caviar, the proper temperatures for keeping it.''
''I'm not going to take it up, am I?''
Glenn Holloway, manager of San Diego-based Piano Exchange, said he had been selling the 10 he received for the regular price - in the $6,000- $7,000 range for the smaller size and $8,000-$10,000 for the large.
Equestrians Led By Schneidman WESTMINSTER, Md., April 20 (AP) - Grant Schneidman of Barnesville took the lead today after the dressage phase of the Ship's Quarters Horse Trials, the first of four selection trials to determine the three- day-event team for the Los Angeles Olympics.
One of the reasons for these changes is the money that the more than 3,000 French troops have been spending in Chad since last August.
In order to continue the renovation work and endow the organization, the Columbia Historical Society recently began a fund-raising campaign to match a National Endowment for the Humanities $300,000 challenge grant.
The state board said it has to consider only the budget figures.
He will play the final Monday against Mats Wilander, a 6-7, 6-3, 6-3 victor over Jimmy Connors in a brilliant match.
''Last Night at the Alamo'' was shown as part of last year's New York Film Festival.
For Jesse Jackson, Illinois capped a phenomenal performance in the South.
Either that, or begin equipping our security forces with bows and arrows.
Last week he was back to swinging at President Reagan, denouncing the ''sleaze'' in his Administration, even as he continued to jab at Mr. Hart as a man too erratic and unseasoned to be President.
Hours: Lunch, Tuesdays through Fridays, noon to 3 P.M. Dinner, Tuesdays through Saturdays, 6 P.M. to 10 P.M.; Sundays, 5 P.M. to 9 P.M. Reservations: Essential.
He had been an elector three times, in 1972, 1980 and again today.
1980: The New York State Public Service Commission orders that two Lilco reactors planned for Jamesport not be built.
Simple wooden benches have been strategically placed at a few junctures of the trail for resting or lunch.
The ''it'' in this case is that sense of community that unites geographic areas in an appreciation of shared purpose and common problems.
''They are a major part of the Jack Kemp-Newt Gingrich-Jesse Helms wing of the Republican Party,'' he continued, citing Representatives from Buffalo and from Georgia and the North Carolina Senator who could become the new chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee.
Advice about improving your health and lengthening your life.
Nedda Harrigan Logan, wife of the director Josh Logan and daughter of Harrigan, the vaudevillian in the title, is consultant for the turn- of-the-century musical.
He had had run-ins with Halas in the last two years about who would control the selection of coaches and draft picks.
Frank Cashen, the general manager, finally reached Kingman by phone yesterday after several days of calling and told him that all efforts to arrange a trade had failed.
Linda O'Neil, who has a five-week- old daughter, Nicole, took maternity leave from steeplejacking as soon as she discovered she was pregnant.
His studies of electrical resistance in nerve cells, especially those of squid, laid the foundation for the rapid advance of neurophysiology in the 1930's and 1940's.
F. Don Miller, executive director of the United States Olympic Committee, said he was committed to protecting the interests of the ''youth of this country,'' but said he and other members of the committee would consider Ueberroth's proposal.
The babies in turn benefit as they are exposed, with their parents, to love, language and worldly experiences such as music, puppets, library and play.
Berenyi Holds On It was Hernandez's seventh home run of the season and raised his team- leading, runs-batted-in total to 40.
Earlier this week, an analyst at Mabon Nugent recommended the stock.
Mr. Botha staked out his nationalist credentials by reference to the Boer War of 1899 to 1902, when the Afrikaners fought the British.
Mr. Frye, an alumnus of St. George's School in Newport, R.I., and the University of Vermont, is the risk manager of Winthrop Financial.
Lunches are served by prior arrangement only.
We've drawn over 3 million fans, and our numbers cover those weaknesses in Chicago and Washington.''
In the memo, Secretary Regan declared that the proposed recapitalization of the bank and its holding company contained an element of ''inappropriate public policy'' and would be vulnerable to legal attack because it would provide assistance to Continental's bank holding company, rather than directly to the bank.
For some time I have treasured a press release heralding an electronically synthesized composition that compresses Wagner's ''Ring'' into 3 1/2 minutes ''via superimposition.''
''I left two of my guys behind at the Met.
Charles McDonald, a lawyer with the organizing department of the American Federation of Labor and Congress of Industrial Organizations, said the decision marked a major step forward in the trend of employers' trying to escape union contracts ''by simply operating in another environment.''
To compensate - or, more accurately, overcompensate - men have devalued parenthood, divorcing themselves from it emotionally in revenge for the ephemeral quality of their prenatal physical participation.
We have passed through an artistically constipating era when blind, thoughtless fidelity to the printed score was encouraged by teachers, critics and even a musically trained portion of the audience.
PENNSYLVANIA CAMELBACKPost Office Box 168, Tannersville, Pa. 18372 717-629-1661 Snow report: 800-233-8100 (out of state); 800-532-8201 (in Pennsylvania) HighlightsThe biggest and one of the most challenging of the Poconos ski areas has 25 trails and 11 lifts but a vertical drop of only 800 feet.
However, the November figure issued by the Bureau of Statistics was down from October's 24.3 percent inflation rate, and the first time since August that the cost-of-living increase had been below 20 percent.
About 10 percent of the issue is to be sold in the U.S.
Negotiations in New York City's hospitals and nursing-home strike broke off again yesterday.
Mr. Tocci said he would like to debate his opponent frequently ''because there's a clear difference in philosphy between Conservatives and Democrats.
But Al Paul of Columbia says, ''We want exposure,'' which could include closed-circuit indoor tailgate parties at alumni clubs in non-Ivy ports like Chicago or Los Angeles.
McKinney followed with 2,564 and Yamamoto scored 2,563.
What the bishops were doing, he added, was ''not a political strategy to elect someone or to defeat someone.''
He was ''a possession-type receiver,'' another way of saying he had little speed.
Its records show that the average gap between fixed and adjustable loans for all lenders in the area has narrowed only slightly, from 2 percentage points in mid-August to 1.78 last week.
Atlantic City's 10th casino hotel opened in what is expected to be a wave of new casinos brought on by booming business.
''These people, most of them uneducated and illiterate, are afraid of the courts.''
Younger Officials Were Sought ''The main thing,'' he remarked in his first speech as General Secretary of the party, ''is to speed up work to improve the entire sphere of economic management, including administration, planning and the economic mechanism.''
''Illegal'' black people, officials said, will still be subject to pressures to return to their ''homelands'' and the main squatter camp, called Crossroads, will be flattened when Kayelitsha formally opens.
I think Puccini might have liked Linda in the part.
But knowing the vagaries of the entertainment business, I can't take it all too seriously.''
He filled in at both ceremonies for Mayor Koch, who was in Washington.
It's possible to get the sense you're being toyed with, that Mr. Calvino is fiddling with you and doesn't much care whether Rome is burning or not; that ''reality'' and ''truth'' are, for him, categories irrelevant to the hermetic world of art.
Cyclical Growth of Industry What troubles some analysts is the cyclical way the industry has grown.
For another, the show makes it possible to understand the difference between cast drawing, which is from an immobile object, and life drawing, where the flesh and blood of the model create a new set of problems.
So a more desirable move would be a subtle heart signal, throwing a high card in that suit on the last diamond.
''If you took literally what he's saying, he can only vote for a right-to-lifer,'' the Governor said.
''One of the officers was a friend,'' he said.
Fight and Oratory Doubted As things stood, there was not even the prospect of a floor fight over the party platform or delegate rules, the only two real issues deliberated here.
Morrison (D) N N 4.
So many trainers, even successful ones, want their horses to show off in the mornings to impress people.
And of course, although this tower looks blunt enough from a distance to be called a stump, it is actually a fine piece of architecture, like the grand old church from which it sprouts.
'' The official added that Donald Rumsfeld, the special Middle East envoy, ''used to say that telling the Lebanese what to do about internal politics would be like practicing amateur brain surgery.''
Whether the Commodity Futures Trading Commission grants its approval remains to be seen, however, because the Federal regulatory agency has recently hinted that it was concerned about the proliferation of index markets.
I believe we are the kind of people who will heed the call, answer the challenge and share greatness again.
I crawled out of the tent, muscles aching, pulled on a down jacket against the chill and fixed a cup of coffee.
A random scanning of the show might take in Eric Russell's large disk-shaped silver earrings striped with gold, Margaret Law's aggressive bracelets with reflective elements that continually alter one's perception of their structure, Terri Lee Foltz-Fox's classically sculptured square bracelet patterned with married metal strips and Jane Campbell's sectioned pendants that convert into lids for tiny boxes.
Two weeks ago, Mr. Martinelli swore in members of another Charter Revision Commission; its charge was to review the City Charter and make recommendations, not necessarily on whether to change the city manager form of government in favor of another system, but on how the current system might be improved.
Such analyses, he contended, would substantially reduce the time it took doctors to learn whether certain operations were or were not worth doing.
At the head of the chairs is a miniature podium with a dummy that resembles the artist.
According to Town Councilman George Stavropoulos, there are weekends when more people park on the roads leading to so-called unimproved beaches ''than at some of the town facilities'' equipped with parking fields.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
This week the rate of three-month Treasury bills got up to 9.15 percent compared with 7.93 percent a year ago, and the rate on 30-year Treasury bonds rose to 12.06 percent companred with 10.62 percent a year ago.
Three knowledgeable people said in interviews they believed that Mr. Benedick's appointment to the delegation had been opposed by James L. Buckley, head of the United States delegation to the Mexico City conference.
But there, the story becomes more tangled.
Shades of chain-reaction defaults in the 1930's, which brought a general crash, darken the outlook of even the cheeriest Reaganaut advocates of free-market orthodoxy.
More likely they will content themselves with slowly gumming up the mechanical works, stiffening the feel of the keyboard.
''An antisatellite capability such as the Soviets have has the capability of, in effect, putting out our national eyes,'' he said.
COLLEGE SHOW BY COSBY Bill Cosby, the comedian, will appear Friday at 8 P.M. at Ramapo College in Mahwah.
is concerned, has been a focal point since 1977,'' said John Meadows, director of community relations, a recently created position at Coors.
That is far too generous, in the view of Representative Clarence D. Long, the Maryland Democrat who is chairman of the House Subcommittee on Foreign Operations.
The desert plates with initialed medallions owned by Richard Varick, Mayor of New York in the 1790's, and a tiny tea cup belonging to Peter Stuyvesant are included.
According to yet another Department of Investigation report, that allegation is ''the subject of discussions'' among the H.R.A., city investigators and the Mayor's office.
Letter from Executives The newspaper also made public a letter signed by six top executives stating that the newspaper's welfare required Mr. Whelan's replacement as editor and publisher.
Fewer victims of the leak of toxic gas last week are appearing at the city's hospitals, but officials and physicians, having settled a brief strike by junior doctors and medical students, expressed renewed concern today about continuing respiratory problems.
Theodore Herzl had a secular vision of the new Jewish state he inspired.
Evidence showed that Mr. Guk never responded, possibly because he concluded that the messages from Mr. Bettaney were an effort to entrap him.
Vice President, World Association of World Federalists Chicago, April 10, 1984
''Nothing of substance will be approved by the Senate until we are satisfied that the plans are humane,'' said John J. Marchi, a Staten Island Republican who heads the Finance Committee in the State Senate.
M. J. Raynes Inc. of Manhattan is the sales agent.
The manned crossing gates going up at the building are part of a series of new security measures taken at the White House and elsewhere in Washington after a bombing at the Capitol a year ago.
With three minor exceptions, the appeals panel, the Atomic Safety and Licensing Appeals Board, upheld a lower board that reached the same conclusion 13 months ago.
The final decisions were made by the drug agency.
The ''art hunt'' is free and open to 5- to 14-year-olds.
This abundance of football on television is the type of thing that happened in the open market of basketball last winter, and two things resulted: - Fans got to see their fill of games.
Forced Out in Gang War Another reputed Sicilian Mafia figure, Tomasso Buscetta, turned informer recently after he was arrested in Brazil and extradited to Italy.
''Insurance companies don't have any perception problem,'' Mr. Pattee said.
This waiver, also apparently without precedent, would be in addition to the Federal Reserve's offer of liquidity to help Continental through daily operations.
''A person can execute a durable power of attorney arrangement, authorizing someone else to act on his behalf,'' said John Kirkpatrick of the Chicago law firm of Kirkland & Ellis.
With help of this caliber, and guidance from seasoned music-business professionals like Mr. Ramone, Julian Lennon could hardly have made a bad album.
He built his lead with a strong performance on Friday when he scored 601 points with 72 arrows at 90 meters, an average of better than 8 points per arrow and a world record for an International Archery Federation event.
It includes representatives of the Christian Phalange party, the Druse Progressive Socialist party and the Shiite group, Amal.
Murray Schisgal, Adolph Green and Phyllis Newman, three names normally associated with Broadway, are opening a play called ''The New Yorkers'' tomorrow in a private school.
's conditions - devaluing the currency, liberalizing trade and eliminating domestic petroleum subsidies.
Time passes in agonizingly linear fashion, the chronology of a given scene marked by one fraught and simple gesture after another.
A donation of $10 requested at table, $5 at bar.
After a day of generally steady trading, the United States dollar suddenly burst through the psychologically important barrier of 3 West German marks late yesterday for the first time since January 1973.
Loyola University in Chicago finished the basketball season with a 20- 9 record, including victories over four teams headed for the National Collegiate Athletic Association tournament and the National Invitation Tournament.
For some reason, drummers also tend to keep a sense of jazz history in their repertories, perhaps to demonstrate their rhythmic versatility, perhaps to claim all of jazz as their stomping grounds - not just stomping, but marching, bopping, swinging, even (as Mr. Roach has demonstrated) waltzing.
But for the moment, few people wanted to part with tickets at face value.
This is their only visit here this season.
His father is a retired assistant director of the Federation of Jewish Philanthropies in New York.
Snow storms in northern Britain have killed at least 22 people in the last five days.
Mr. Askew is not uncritical of President Reagan.
To the Editor: My mother died of cancer after a two-year fight for life.
''I have one grandson verging on college, and he looks at MTV,'' Cosell said from New York, referring to the Music Television cable channel.
Four Governors have sent a letter to Treasury Secretary Donald T. Regan complaining about the ''rosy projection for state and local financial conditions.''
The electronic filing idea, by all accounts, is the brainchild of John S. R. Shad, the commission's chairman, who calls the project ''one of the most revolutionary developments in the securities disclosure system in the 50- year history of the agency.''
At 11 P.M. Information: 475-0830.
could recognize Israel's right to exist and accept pertinent United Nations Security Council resolutions.
''I'll be really outraged if they come out of this looking like humanitarians,'' he said.
The violence that erupted following Panama's first presidential election in 16 years last Sunday heightened American concern.
Our time is rich in examples of more modest individualists whose work seems similarly unable to make the leap from eccentricity to what we might call meaningful individualism.
Downpour Slows the Action A downpour today slowed the action and dampened Soviet ambitions, and only in the triple-jump, won by Oleg Protsenko, did Soviet athletes better Los Angeles results.
Instead - stirred by life's forces - the homeless ingrates yelled out for jobs and real housing; they also shouted complaints at him about their sleeping areas (''infested with bugs'') and the food they were getting (''grits, heels and shoelaces'').
''His difficulties with the hierarchy of the Democratic Party show that the party is not serving the interests of black America,'' Mr. Daniels continued.
BASEBALL CHICAGO (AL) - Acquired Tom Brennan, pitcher, from Cleveland for player to be named.
A Nationwide Search Thomas L. Sheer, who heads the criminal division of the Federal Bureau of Investigation's office here, said on Thursday that the F.B.I.
Radu, 26, was the overall bronze medalist at the 1983 world championships, and he placed eighth at the 1980 Olympics.
In the next breath he explained that they could move them closer to the border with Nicaragua, and no one would know they were there.
And he added: ''There's been far too much conversation about two guys who didn't want to stay and far too little about the hundreds who have worked days and nights putting two big companies together.''
''I thought that, like most other things, Mr. Reagan would deny he wrote the letter or say it said something else,'' Mr. Mondale continued.
David E. Mitchell, a spokesman for the United Automobile Workers, said the decision was a result of the President's having ''deliberately packed the N.L.R.B.
Among those who were to take part in yesterday's ceremonies were Betty Furness of NBC-TV, Commissioner Michael Pertschul of the Federal Trade Commission, Mrs. Peterson and Ronald L. Becker, curator of manuscripts and rare books at Rutgers.
And this is only Monday.
''I always told those people,'' Roger Craig says now with a laugh, ''that I'd bring a World Series to San Diego.''
By some estimates, awards to current and former employees could reach $15 million.
The brigade will be honored in a new movie, ''The Good Fight,'' to be shown at a benefit preview at 4 P.M. at the Gramercy Theater.
But in every ex-ballplayer there is a certain part of you that wants to be on the field again.
Gilbert and LaFontaine put the Islanders ahead early in the second period, on a stunning play.
He conveniently was found to have bled a bit after a September workout, then made his next start in the Super Derby, running with Lasix for the first time.
Her father was the regional area manager for the Defense Department's Contract Audit Agency.
(Television - ESPN, 5 P.M., live.)
Rare dance books turn up with regularity at the Ballet Shop, the city's major dance bookshop, and, of course, current dance books and magazines are on sale, too.
The Rangers took a 5-0 lead against the starter Ken Schrom (4-9) in the fourth inning, when Scott's homer topped off the inning.
The county has also taken action against Lilco for the utility's refusal to pay taxes on Shoreham.
But you could get a New York-to-Zurich ticket on a flight via Frankfurt for $600 and simply get off in Germany at a saving of $139.
What Mr. Jackson is suggesting is manipulating election rules to allow minorities to defeat majorities.
They come from the department of the Ain, halfway between Beaujolais and Savoie.
He also said the biggest factor that could affect the need for nuclear power in the future remains an unknown: possible legislation to reduce the acid-rain problem.
Optimism at a Crescendo As his last campaign caravan raced above the sunlit mountains along the Pacific Coast, Mr. Reagan had his optimism at a crescendo.
After a lifetime on the road, in death the bandleader was borne back to Harlem, his funeral held only blocks from the honky-tonks where his career began nearly 60 years ago.
''I believe the community-development block-grant funds are put to good use,'' Mrs. Spreckman added.
Mr. Singh, in what he called an act of faith, had promised to be in the plant when the conversion process began.
Attempt at Friendship As soon as I took office, we attempted to show friendship to the Sandinistas and provided economic aid to Nicaragua.
Mr. Berri flew there with Mr. Karami and other Moslem ministers in an army helicopter.
''The actions were a shameful betrayal of everything we as a nation stand for and stood for.''
The Administration has tried for three years to curb legal services organizations, which it referred to in its Supreme Court brief as ''self-appointed guardians of the public interest.''
* GTE Corp., Stamford, Conn., said it planned to divest itself of its Unistrut Building Systems operations, based in Wayne, Mich. * Lotus Development Corp. said it would have available in early 1985 the first two add-in programs for its Symphony computer system, a spelling checker and a text outliner.
No ceremony was held for the signing of the legislation, which was originally sponsored by Representative Geraldine A. Ferraro of Queens, the Democratic nominee for Vice President.
The exhibition also presents photographs and comments of Jews who played a role in Wagner's musical life.
Clean that room or I will seal your doom.''
The little-known secret about book peddling is that it is legal.
However, the sources added that differences still remain, particularly over the contentious issue of wage increases.
But it's going to be a dogfight.''
It is patronized largely by cops and taxi drivers who stare into their omelets while listening dreamily to piped-in Jonny Mathis.
''The organization had always been successful, and then 'The Scarlet Letter' proved to be a bigger mistake than had been made in many years.
He noted, however, that Iraq had received about $35 billion in advances from Saudi Arabia, Kuwait and others, helping its war effort.
WASHINGTON (NFC) - Acquired Rick Donnalley, offensive lineman, from Pittsburgh Steelers.
The $22.1 million Lotto jackpot will be shared by four people who held winning tickets, New York State lottery officials announced.
The solution offered by some companies - an address to which you can mail a request for liner notes - seems designed to discourage any action.
In late May the first riots in the history of Duvalier rule broke out in five towns beyond the capital.
''When we first crossed the river to go to the west side and play in Hollywood, we got a little flak from the community,'' Mr. Perez said.
Sinatra had asked him to move with him to California.
''This one was comparatively easy, as I already had two medals going into it.
Its balance sheet, Value Line said, ''is looking better and better,'' with long- term debt now 26 percent of capital, a marked improvement from 44 percent in 1979, and earnings that are expected to increase in 1985.
Plaint of the Female Poet According to Sandra Gilbert, in ''Poetics: Essays on the Art of Poetry,'' an anthology from Tendril magazine (Box 512, Green Harbor, Mass.
Following Mrs. Ogorodnikova's instructions, the affidavit says, Mr. Miller applied for a passport listing Mexico City as his destination.
A single man with a record of high earnings who turns 65 in 1985 will have paid $38,140 into the system in taxes and will get back $114,900 worth of benefits, , Mr. Myers said.
Their progress has been retarded more by hesitancy and lethargy, the safest expressions of conservatism among China's 20 million government officials.
Diane Payton of Colorado Springs, one of the friends who pressed for the mountain burial, said no headstone will be placed on the grave.
So back and forth I briskly paced, shivering and completely nude.
A Transit Authority police officer who was last seen chasing a robbery suspect yesterday afternoon was found shot to death three hours later in a vacant lot in the Bushwick section of Brooklyn, the police said.
This is, of course, not to minimize the courage, fortitude and independence of judges, who themselves must often swim against the tide to establish new principles and have the strength to withstand the criticism and animosity of many groups in our society.
''Business aside, we always wanted him to be well.
By using such resellers, A.T.&T.
Only Reported Crime Counted In April, the Federal Bureau of Investigation's Crime Index also showed a 7 percent drop in seven major crimes in 1983.
Problem loans rose to $604 million, from $463 million a year ago.
Observers reported a number of small tremors on the mountain in 1982, but there had been no expectation of a violent eruption because no excess pressure seemed to be building inside the mountain.
Sitting high up inside a diesel apparition, his face glowing red from the dials of the tractor's control panel, Varel Bailey was growing weary of planting back and forth, back and forth.
''I got labeled that year for bad glove and it really bothered me,'' the 24-year-old Backman said.
For example, the current unrest in El Salvador is integrally related to a peasant uprising in 1932 wherein 30,000 peasants were slaughtered in a campaign known as La Matanza (the massacre).
It is projected by the National Electricity Reliability Council, a Princeton, N.J., industry group, to increase by only 3.1 percent annually between now and 1993, even though electricity is finding new uses in industry.
The Tass response reported on Aug. 19 is a tip-off.
Mayor Rejects Appeals The Mayor has, over the past few weeks, rejected the importunings of some advisers who asked him to seek an innovative educator to take the $95,000-a-year job.
He said that the Chinese were not much interested in buying weapons but that ''they want the technology with which to manufacture their own weapons.''
'There's No Weakness' David Healy, an analyst with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc., agreed.
He also won the first game of the National League playoff and had a 3-0 lead in the fifth and deciding game after five innings.
''Up until now the assumption has been that when they dissolved the marriage the child goes off with his own parent and that is the end of it, '' said Dr. Clifford Sager, a psychiatrist who is director of family psychiatry at the Jewish Board of Family and Children's Services in New York City.
In fact, they have almost no manufacturing facilities or production.
A spokesman said the two men, assigned to human rights, were meeting in public with a Soviet citizen.
and National Westminster Bank P.L.C., the study said.
''There is still a presumption that mental impairments are short term,'' Typically, Miss Barrett said, when benefits are denied or discontinued, the applicants are simply sent a form letter asserting that they are no longer disabled.
Flutie, who finished third in the Heisman Trophy balloting in 1983 as a junior, completed 22 of 31 passes for 330 yards before leaving the game with a 41-13 lead midway through the third period.
News Analysis CAIRO, Jan. 8 - After more than two years of political isolation within the Arab world, Egypt has once again begun to play a more prominent role in Middle Eastern politics, Egyptian and Western analysts agree.
He readily concedes that his forecasts may turn out to be wrong, but insists that Canada is far from ''the verge of bankruptcy.''
''I will do all I can to help him.''
Mr. Kiley complains that he can do nothing about incompetence in the supervisory ranks (should it occur), but he is not telling the whole story.
What Mr. Kim's playing currently lacks is a sense of repose; everything is energized, whether or not it is called for in the score.
Docks around the shore of the depleted lake are in some cases out of the water altogether, in others 9 to 10 feet above it.
The old shops along its Madison Avenue frontage have been replaced with new ones that sell more expensive goods, Miss Hammond said.
Ships are given numbers upon arrival near Montreal setting up the order in which they will move once the bridge, at Valleyfield, Quebec, is repaired.
Photographs of Mr. Wheeler's work are obviously an essential ingredient of the book, and Richard Grave has done a marvelous job in both color and black and white.
Another potential concern is the formation of cancer-causing agents known as nitrosamines in some shampoos and other cosmetics.
In a small canvas of the mid-1950's, he dallies with a Mathieulike scribble of fine, impastoed lines on thin, dribbled washes in neutral tones.
For more than a month, union members have picketed the museum on the opening night of exhibits and at receptions, and distributed leaflets to museum visitors.
''It's a problem of catastrophic dimension,'' said John Fillion, general counsel to the United Automobile Workers.
Ada MoreauBarbara Bradish Cezar MoreauR.
Washington and Moscow have now exchanged several much-publicized offers to resume arms control negotiations - and in each case the other side dismissed the offer as propaganda almost as soon as it was put forward.
A Good Effort Is Needed ''It's hard to say if they'll be stronger,'' said Bossy.
My agency is not in the position to build houses, and we can't provide housing where no housing exists.''
The focus of this organization is on the needs of older people as older people.''
''I think he was being nice to me.
Dinner for two, with custard and wine, costs $25 and up.
But we've been told at least, whatever it means, that the Federal Government believes that noncommercial stations have the same rights as commercial ones.
But eventually it will raise the cost of construction because banks have been demanding extraordinarily high interest rates as the project's future has become more doubtful.
Life is informal in the Val Gardena.
Introduced from Australia, White Mesh is bedecked with forest green leaves etched with pronounced golden veins which intensify in color with bright sunlight.
''He sets a goal and, regardless of how impossible it looks, he goes after it,'' said Morris Dees, who has known Mr. Hart since the McGovern days and is now the Coloradan's national finance chairman.
Curiously, Melanson was in uniform as Smith's backup, the job assigned to Kelly Hrudey ever since he failed in his last start Oct. 27.
Mr. Olsen did not rule out the possibility of further reductions in the prime rate.
Tim Chambers, as usual, stood out for Penn.
The group, the Soviet contingent of an undergraduate exchange program, had been scheduled to arrive in Albany last Sept. 8.
''When I met Ralph he didn't stand a chance.
He served in the Army Signal Corps and was assigned to a unit that made orientation and training films, run by the director Frank Capra.
The lamplight of news correspondents suddenly burst forth at night outside the hotel where reporters were staying, leaking into rooms like Dickensian wraiths and waking guests with utterances of sudden death.
At times he had to shout to be heard.
But more than the numbers themselves - how they were arrived at and what they revealed or obscured - the issue is General Westmoreland's credibility.
* General Cinema Corp. filed an estimated $80 million of subordinated debentures, exchangeable for a portion of the R.J. Reynolds Industries common stock that it owns, through Blyth Eastman Paine Webber Inc. * Datametrics Corp. said it is curing all defaults on its 12 1/4 percent convertible subordinated debentures due in 1990, and 15 percent convertible subordinated debentures due in 1991.
''He was seen as someone who was out of touch with the grassroots, someone who would rather be playing golf with corporation executives in Phoenix,'' says a former reservation lawyer.
Mr. Malik was born on July 22, 1917, into a Moslem family on the west coast of Sumatra, in what was then the Dutch East Indies.
Rumors started to fly, encouraged by the decision of Reyner Banham, a member of the selection committee, to turn journalist and write an article on the Getty search last August for California Magazine.
Instead, using a variety of strategies, many of them managed to handle - some might say manipulate - the situation and to win back the husband, at least for the moment.
Reagan Administration officials who headed the funds have rebuffed requests from the General Accounting Office, the investigative arm of Congress, to examine their books.
But the full-time job left too little time for Mr. McNally to try another play, and he decided to apply for a Guggenheim Fellowship for financial support.
But according to United Press International's most recent delegate count, he had 9 percent of the delegates selected so far.
On any other day of the year, he will charge $50 for a dozen long-stemmed American beauty roses.
''It used to take me an hour and a half to fold the baby carriage,'' said 8-year-old Margaret Streicker of Manhattan.
So he gave up the license, which had enabled him to install railings and window bars.
''With the union,'' Arrasmith explains, ''you've got it all cut and dried.
Sometimes these words have been highlighted in bold face or italics when they appear in the contract as a signal that they are defined elsewhere.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
* Revisited in the last three years and rating is still valid * * Not reviewed in last five years
$129; $35 for 3 1/2 ounces.
A moratorium on operations in Florida of limited-service, or ''non-bank,'' banks was overwhelmingly approved Thursday night by the State Legislature.
''The system will lose credibility as it did in the late 20's and the early 30's,'' he said.
Mr. Kenney sounded a somewhat cautionary note when asked about his plans for the group.
So securities firms bought banks to do just one or the other.
(Thursday at 10 A.M. on WHT.)
Thomas J. Healey, Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Domestic Finance, would not comment on those reports except to say that a ''bill that merely redefines'' would be ''nothing more than a disguised moratorium and would be regressive public policy.''
''That's not my decision, that's Seth's,'' the trainer said, ''but I loved it.''
For example, a flight to the South Korean city of Taegu ends with the passenger feeling trapped inside a tin can because the shades are pulled down when the plane is about two minutes from the airport.
So Fahrner has the Olympic record and Di Carlo has the gold medal, and Di Carlo said he liked it that way.
''If you look at all three,'' he said, ''it was getting a running game going.
Mr. Battram, 49 years old, joins two other vice chairmen, Allan J. Bloostein and Thomas A. Hays, and the three will divide up responsibility for the St. Louis company's 13 divisions.
Besides calisthenics, the sessions include exercises to improve mental agility.
If the parents are over 55 years of age, they would be exempt from paying any capital gains tax on the first $125,000 of profit from the sale.
Mr. Hoffman, appreciating the 12- year-old's entrepreneurial flair, offered to underwrite John's newsletter, Spelling Bee Lines.
A City Councilwoman went backstage to complain vehemently that the song was flagrantly sexist and ''out of line.''
Only skeleton staffs of offices and shops in the area were permitted to go to work, and they were told to stay away from windows.
In the United States and the United Kingdom, cadres of very senior business executives belong to the same clubs, serve on the same boards of directors, are active in the same business associations, attended similar educational institutions, contribute heavily to charitable causes and share generally conservative politics.
Entitled ''Into Eclipse,'' the half-hour song cycle is by Stephen Albert, a New York-born composer who in his early 40's.
They don't smile or move to the beat, and they look up from their instruments only to glare at the crowd.
Mr. Przemyk's mother, Barbara Sadowski, a poet and volunteer at the aid committee, was injured in the raid.
Only the U.S. can stop such shipments; the contras can only keep trying to overthrow the Sandinistas, which is what they and the Administration's policy are designed to do.
The accident occurred at 5:57 P.M. as the Hoboken-to-Summit train rounded around a bend and approached the Baker's Street bridge in Maplewood, according to Anthony L. Grazioso, a spokesman for N.J.
He said another major factor in the loss was a charge-off of $27.7 million as the result of a decision to scrap an in- house automation project.
On a cramped and smoky flight from Belgrade recently, Jo Franklin, the club president, said she thought it was a pretty good deal.
''From Gunboats to Diplomacy,'' a collection of essays by a diverse group of academics and policy analysts, makes a considered case for a different approach.
Actually, the effect has been just the opposite: the Administration's military programs have stiffened the Kremlin's determination to match our military efforts whatever the cost.
Another is for insurance companies to cease wrangling and start paying up.
The museum can be reached by subway on the IRT No.
There was no significant increase in teen-agers addicted to alcohol or cigarettes: The proportion of steady drinkers and smokers has hovered around 5.5 percent and 21 percent respectively for several years, the study found.
'I'm Not a National Headliner' ''I'm just a Congressman from Buffalo, I'm not a national headliner,'' Mr. Kemp said.
Some told of her capture of as many as three Spanish vessels.
Each competitor jumps twice, with scoring based about 50 percent on distance and 50 percent on form.
''We were told she was not disabled,'' the woman said.
He explained that he had found them on the floor of the car and conceded that ''if I could have got hold of a 9-millimeter, I would have got it'' and ''maybe'' used it.
The United States had three eight- oared crews in the finals for the 14 cup events, but Brown was the only winner.
If he thinks Houston is ''going to be all right,'' that might be all that matters when the Final Four gather in Seattle for Saturday's semifinals and next Monday's title game of this year's National Collegiate Athletic Association tournament.
''We lock them up without trial and make no apologies.''
Reports immediately after his death suggested that Mr. Fixx did not have a regular physician and had not gone for a routine checkup as his sister had urged him to do, even though his father had his first heart attack at the age of 35 and died of another one at 43.
The mother often alights on another female, for as soon as she lands on the pups she is besieged by hungry mouths.
Among the scheduled performers will be Lord Nelson, called the high prince of calypso, and 9-year-old Michael Montano, the junior calypso monarch of Trinidad and Tobago.
But old Angel was very different from the hedonistic heroine of ''Blame It On Rio.''
Father Didn't See Accident The elder Morgan was watching near the finish line and did not see his son crash upcourse.
Radio officers at Ballygirreen, Ireland, said in a morning report that Mr. Kittinger had told them that his position was 180 miles west of Cognac and that he was ''in very good form.''
''It really hits hardest at the companies which are putting the most into the economy,'' said Marshall R. Noecker, senior financial consultant of Arthur D. Little Inc., the management consulting company.
''While you were writing a novel, did you abstain from sex?''
I just can't conceive of my doing it.
''It is important to recognize the source of the complaint,'' the Searle statement said.
Would support President Jose Napoleon Duarte of El Salvador and keep American military advisers in El Salvador and Honduras.
Neither the plays nor the audiences at the theater, however, are exclusively Puerto Rican.
''Imagine how sympathetic I'm going to be to you if you don't come up to the standards,'' the Commissioner said.
Brent Erlanson is delightful as the red-ribboned, white-wigged, hanky-wielding, high-kicking Duke of Plaza-Toro.
In yesterday's trading, Gulf shares closed at $53.875, down $3.125.
On a related issue, the Administration urged Congress earlier this year to make it a crime to provide support to groups and governments abroad that the Secretary of State has designated as ''terrorist'' and to prohibit judges from second-guessing his designations.
FOOTBALL GIANTS (NFC) - Signed following players as free agents: Tim Brewster of Illinois, tight end; Maurice Aikens of Jackson State, Bobby Lee Johnson of Kansas, Gary Peoples of Southwest Texas State and Jeff Rusk of Augustana College, receivers; Nate Brown of North Carolina State and Elvis Patterson of Kansas, cornerbacks; Kevin Einck of Pacific, J. D. Fuller of South Carolina and Mike Rodriguez of Alabama, linebackers; Dan Daugherty of Wake Forest and Braxton Williams of Clemson, running backs; Steve Lively of Boston College, guard, and Ed Rhone of Oregon, defensive end.
Beside the tax advantages normally associated with condominium ownership, the $92,000 price for the furnished one-bedroom efficiency units gives the buyer a proportional share of the lodge's overall profits as well as the use of the unit for up to 14 days a year.
''Hell'' is where Miss Clarke feels at home.
It can be hard to find a place that sells asbestos shingles.
In fact, since quarterly dividends started in October 1882, they have never been suspended or reduced, and the 406th quarterly dividend, of $1.35 a share, was paid on Feb. 1.
We feel ourselves in the presence of identifiable human endeavors that have been brought back to life in their every detail.
We are an optimistic people, and we love our technology.
Four other ships, carrying 35,000 tons of cement, arrived this afternoon at the port of Pukpyong on South Korea's eastern coast.
The South Koreans, who were led by Aei Young Choi's 20 points, appeared as thrilled with their silver medals as the Americans were with their gold.
It is not the only performing arts group in the city to have moved into an old theater.
''If I have high-quality clothes at high prices, then I must exaggerate the place where I sell them.
We don't put a price on human life; the North Vietnamese do.
There were families and single people, runaways and the unemployed, alcoholics and drug abusers and people with mental health problems.
If a visitor wants to spend more time with the firewalkers - they are accessible and quite willing to talk about their experiences and dreams - reservations should be made at the Lido Hotel, where a double costs about $15 a night.
''You are responsible for this tragedy,'' one weeping woman shouted.
''It's a matter of concern,'' said Farroll A. Speake, world news editor at The Indianapolis Star.
The nonsmoker starts by informing the smoker that he is killing himself.
Woodside's layup broke a 40-40 tie, and the free throw insured the victory for Oregon State (12-4, 5-2).
The second main factor underlying the new approach, according to other authorities, has been the theorizing of free-market economists such as Julian L. Simon of the University of Maryland and Herman Kahn, who contended that rapid population growth presented little threat by itself.
AMERICAN EXCHANGE BEEFSTEAK CHARLIE'S INC. - Robert Mosberg, directoir, made an open market purchase of 10,000 shares giving him directly a balance held of 10,000 shares.
Even if the procedure and personality problems are set aside, there is no certainty that a compromise can be reached on the wide policy differences between the packages the House and Senate have approved.
But Mr. Morrow said it ''is now rated as a strong hold.''
In bullion trading, gold fell in Hong Kong to $348.85 an ounce, from $350.88 last Friday.
Here are some of the magic words, which have not yet been breathed: (1) Cut the controllable portion of the Israeli budget by $3 billion; double the current talked-about reduction.
The program, which is known as the ''superfund'' and uses funds from a tax on chemical and petrochemical stocks, is scheduled to expire in 1985.
I have no plans for a tax increase.''
As a folklorist, Mrs. Moonsammy - a resident of Mount Laurel, she is a tall blonde whose husband, George, is a Guyanan of Indian descent - emphasized that her interest was in folk art and its cultural context.
In the first encounter, at Madison Square Garden a week ago, the Rangers spotted the Islanders a 3-0 lead before roaring back to win, 6-5.
At 7 P. M. Tuesday, with 20 percent of the New Hampshire polling places still open, CBS News reported in its national newscast that Senator Gary Hart would win the Democratic Presidential primary there ''by a comfortable margin.''
The problems in Canada's fishing industry began with the country's 1977 move to claim 200 mile fishing limits.
The New Jersey Supreme Court today upheld the constitutionality of the revision in the state criminal code that narrows the use of an entrapment defense.
A Drop in Price The 56-pound bushels of corn, most of them used for animal consumption here and overseas, are certainly not bringing a record price.
Only her son's firm grasp prevented her from shooting down the street like a giant ball of black sagebrush.
They didn't play us for money.
Mr. Connor, who also has a law practice in Brooklyn, graduated from the Catholic University of America and its School of Law.
The antisealing protests were stepped up recently when overseas boycotts began against Canada's fishing industry, prompting industry pressure against the sealers.
''The more people who discuss something, the better.''
Two of the sacks of Bartkowski forced fumbles.
If it weren't for the dominating play of the center Akeem Olajuwon, the Cougars might not have defeated Memphis State, then Wake Forest, to advance to the Final Four in the National Collegiate Athletic Association tournament for the third consecutive year.
And with the help of $1.9 million in luxury- tax money from the Atlantic County Improvement Authority, qualified Marina Club buyers will be able to get reduced-rate mortgages that will make the condominiums even more affordable.
It clears the way for the fianchetto of the black queen bishop, gains space on the queenside and envisages an early counterattack on the white center with .
Miss Williams's return to the quiet of her parents' home in this Westchester County hamlet came two months sooner than she expected last September when she was crowned Miss America.
His father was district superintendent of ADT Security Systems.
Here, there is one shining precedent, apart from the luxury boxes that sell for as much as $45,000 a year at a dozen stadiums around the country.
''There's a lot of holding by defensive linemen in the pros,'' he added.
That's a big hunk of hardware.
He is survived by his wife, the former Edith Lipsig Hebald; a son, Stephen, by a previous marriage; a stepdaughter, Anne Mandelbaum; a stepson, Selian Hebald Jr.; a sister, Cecelia Isaacson; a brother, G. Harry Isaacson, and one grandchild.
Six hours before the normal pub opening time of 11 A.M., the union and the pub owners' association issued a statement saying the walkout had been deferred pending new talks next week.
Over in more spacious quarters at Terminal C, they are on their way to London and the West Coast.
''That is what is known as reality.
The ventures that were approved include the offering of real estate management services by U S West and Pacific Telesis; the sale or lease of office products, such as computers and word processors made by other companies, proposed by Nynex and Pacific Telesis, and the provision of financing to companies leasing office equipment from Bell Atlantic.
A new book drawing on secret memorandums purportedly written by Howard R. Hughes says that President Nixon inspired the Watergate break-in to cover his links with the billionaire.
Blaine Stoughton, the newest Ranger, will make his Garden debut.
In addition to illness and idleness, Arias was hurt by his inexperience on indoor hard courts.
No other team has dominated the Dolphins as the Raiders have.
''We are profit-making, we hope, but we really feel there is a need,'' said Rita Davidson, one of the two partners of the organization and the mother of three college students.
But no disciplinary action was taken.
But where in Republican councils is the equivalent of the popularly elected House?
''I promised our players that the only thing that I would do today would be to make sure that I learned all their names,'' said Berry.
Mr. Burch said that no other American military units were scheduled to deploy to the Persian Gulf beyond the Awacs warning and control aircraft in Saudi Arabia and the 15 warships in the area.
Six years ago, Shura and Zina Kogan and their son, Edward, came to New York from Odessa, in the Soviet Union, to build a new life.
A spokesman, Donna Evans, said power in both directions was shut off at 7:30 P.M., forcing about 20 No.1, 2 and 3 trains to turn around at Times Square or Chambers Street or detour via the East Side.
On Tuesday, in a widely unexpected advance, the average rose more than 13 points.
Special programs in basic design are offered in a series of five-session, two-hour courses.
His father is vice chairman of National Spinning, of which his grandfather, Carl Leff of New York and Palm Beach, Fla., is a founder and chairman emeritus.
In contrast with last year, the legislative leaders reached agreement on the outline of the budget and many of its details on their own, giving Governor Cuomo a less visible role in the process.
So was Lower West Side.
''They want to get out and experience life and don't see any reason why they should not.''
The West Germans said the meetings had been worthwhile because they re- established a dialogue for the first time since the deployment of American missiles in Western Europe and the Soviet withdrawal from the nuclear arms talks.
Mr. Miller is the first F.B.I.
He warned that another war between the Arabs and Israelis was inevitable if the United States continued its enormous military support for Israel.
John E. Ryan, a New York psychotherapist who spoke at a workshop on male homosexuals' shame, self-contempt and rage, said ''the most important and necesary change'' that psychotherapists can achieve in working with homosexual men is to alter ''the negative self-beliefs, self-feelings and self-attitudes that are internalized'' - that is, taken in as part of the self - ''through imitation and identification.''
''Either Amin Gemayel resigns and the Moslems and Christians quickly agree on a successor, or else we are going to see another round of wide-scale fighting that will destroy what is left of the Lebanese system.''
It's been almost a month since I called for negotiations to reach agreement on a downpayment on the projected deficits.
Indeed, the significance of CBS's continued strength, NBC's apparent surge, and ABC's possible weakness comes from the performance of weekly series, the bread-and-butter of prime-time television, according to network executives.
''It will be a symbol for suppliers who are lining up for increases, for white collar employees and dealers of whether austerity is over.
The Cubs won, 4-1, in Montreal, and the combined results pushed the Mets seven games behind first-place Chicago in the National League East, taking some of the drama out of their three-game series that is set to open Friday night at Shea Stadium.
The conclusion of the Tristate Regionals in Port Chester, N.Y., Sunday night proved to be a triumph for youth.
The first phase of the research was anthropological.
John Lankston as the clownish Beadle, Jerold Siena as the rival barber Pirelli and Paul Binotto (another debutant) as the moronic but loyal Tobias were assets.
The notes, which mature on Dec. 15, 1991, carry a one- time put on Dec. 15, 1988.
One's repertory is one's own; I've always played the Schumann Op.
Every year about 200 new ones spring up here, spurred by the growing pool of venture capital.
The arts organization (212-234-4093), founded in 1968, provides a variety of programs for about 12,000 children annually.
Middletown, Conn.: Wesleyan University Press.
Narrow political and military interests should be forced to give way to profound humanitarian considerations.
The publicity release accompanying the book describes it as tracing ''the use and abuse of poilitical power by a religious leader who did more than any other to destroy the wall separating church and state in America.''
''There would be reasons to say that these statements had validity,'' he said.
Both are the result of ceding vast power to that relatively recent arrival on the theatrical scene, the director.
This was Witherspoon's first defense of the title he won last March 9, when he defeated Greg Page here to claim the championship vacated by Larry Holmes.
Some of its products, admittedly, were quite old.''
But Pat LaFontaine, who had to pull out of the Canada Cup because of a sore knee, is expected to work out.
These were melodramas in their literal sense, as narration with musical accompaniment.
Some of it was excised but the part dealing with political terrorism was continued.
But he is no mere technician; he can swing with the best of them.
Police forensic experts turned up a partial fingerprint found in Miss Green's car.
Veteran, exempting, for example, single- and two-family homes.
Behavior modification based on food is what works.''
Yes, the male code needs reform.
To skeptics, astronomers justify their search for extraterrestrial intelligence with the argument that since life has evolved on Earth, it may also have evolved elsewhere.
(AP) - John Butcher allowed four hits over seven and two-thirds innings and Ron Washington drove in two unearned runs as the Twins stretched their lead over Kansas City to two games in the American League West.
The cast of three couples (Beth Bartholomew and Mr. Walters, Elizabeth Parkinson and Patric Parsons and Linda Bechtold and Randall Graham) often aspired upward and the conclusion was a leap into the wings.
one of Mr. Sharon's lawyers, Richard M. Goldstein, asked him.
Staubach still avoids high-rise development, concentrating instead on small apartment and office complexes and condominiums.
We should not make the mistake in the Philippines that we have made in Nicaragua.
In Advice and How-to, five titles are listed because, beyond that point, sales in this category are not generally large enough to make a longer list statistically reliable.
If childhood seduction went on in Freud's age and he was aware of it, then the fact ought to be acknowledged and looked into.
The Atlas elephants later died out as the region grew increasingly arid.
Although 51 percent of Europeans thought the Parliament ''important'' or ''very important'' a year ago, only 43 percent do so now.
Then, with both teams short-handed, Smith scored his fourth goal of the season on a 55-foot shot.
EACH year around this time, a journal called The Wine Spectator dispenses awards to restaurants in this country and abroad for the depth and quality of their wine lists.
The bill provides temporary compensation for two years to veterans who have developed skin diseases already conclusively linked to Agent Orange.
To the Editor: ''Accord Reached on Hong Kong; Briton Says It Protects Freedoms,'' an Associated Press article you published on Aug. 2, gave a factual account of the British Foreign Secretary's rather positive statement on the extent of agreement reached with China.
'Very Emotional Experience' ''This is about the only town in France with a tight relationship with Americans,'' said Philippe Jutras, an American World War II veteran who has returned to Ste.-M ere-Eglise to live and run the local Airborne Museum there.
These categories are largely theoretical today, useful mainly as a rough guide by which Indians from different parts of the country can place each other on the social scale.
Mr. O'Neill blocked action on the bill last year at the request of Hispanic members of Congress, who asserted that President Reagan would veto it to win favor among Hispanic Americans.
Georgia HOFWYL-BROADFIELD PLANTATIONThe house on this antebellum rice plantation is furnished with antiques dating to the late 1700's.
The West German-owned auto maker ended production of the subcompact Rabbit at the plant on Friday and is investing about $200 million in retooling for the Golf, the company said.
''It's a little unsettling,'' Piniella said, ''but we're all professionals and you have to adjust to changes.
Once you catch the drift of Padgett Powell's prose, it hits you on something like your head as long as he keeps writing.
It cannot be easy for a director to put an individual stamp on a production as visually distinctive and quirky as this one, but Miss Sciutti was able to fit her ideas in without contradicting the original scheme.
Noguchi's symbolic but organic decor obviously played an element here.
She uses many voices to tell her story - folk tales and legends, letters written home, transcripts of therapy sessions, dream sequences.
While bureaus that the stations have placed on Long Island represent a welcome change from the stunning disregard of the past, these bureaus require greater development in order to provide more dimensioned television service for the Long Island community.
Roof development may appeal more to investment owners, particularly in a conversion situation where a sponsor sees a possibility of adding value.
Adding to the confusion for money managers are the Wall Street strategists who are suddenly calling a different tune.
Although the United States now imports only about 5 percent of its overall gas needs, certain areas such as Boston and the Middle West are dependent on it at times for as much as 50 percent of their gas needs.
And when you count what is available on the brownstone movement, it doesn't add up to much.''
The harbor and airport have been closed since Moslem militiamen captured West Beirut from the Lebanese Army last month.
For example, Diamond Walnut Growers in Stockton generates 4 1/2 megawatts by burning walnut shells.
Almost alone among high-ranking Congressional Democrats, he has a close working relationship with James A. Baker 3d, the White House chief of staff, and M. B. Oglesby Jr., the assistant for Congressional affairs.
Beetle Grubs The time is drawing near for action on controlling beetle grubs.
The campaign is intended to stress both Penney's new emphasis on fashion and the chain's $1 billion, five-year project to refurbish its stores.
Jerzy Popieluszko, a priest who championed the banned Solidarity movement, has raised the possibility that hard-liners in the security apparatus with connections to the Soviet Union may be trying to sabotage General Jaruzelski's role as a conciliator.
Cast your mind on other days That we in coming days may be Still the indomitable Irishry.
A large chunk of a 13-acre area would be demolished and replaced by four office towers, a 550-room hotel and the huge trade mart.
Sun-dried tomatoes make an excellent tomato sauce, easily and quickly made, and we obtained the recipe from a reader, Susan Asanovic of Sunflower Caterers in Wilton, Conn. One of the great admirers of sun- dried tomatoes is Ed Giobbi, the artist and cookbook author.
Take the skinny bronze ''Personage'' of 1978, resembling a walking stick made from a branch.
For the first time in the center's 13- year history, an alternative slate of candidates, one calling for ''professional and efficient management,'' has been drafted by the resident crafts people.
In John Cassavetes's ''Love Streams,'' Robert (Mr. Cassavetes) and Sarah (Gena Rowlands) talk incessantly and somehow reveal very little.
One of the most potent sensations at Chichen Itza comes from the stories of human sacrifice associated with the site - the Toltecs rather than the Mayans appeased their gods with human life.
Unit Called a Haven He said the unit had a large number of Vietnam veterans.
Another version, a collaboration between George Balanchine and Jerome Robbins, was staged by the New York City Ballet in 1972, and the Massine choreography was revived by the Joffrey Ballet in 1974.
''It is impossible for us today to imagine what happened then.
While Republicans acknowledged that they had fallen short of their electoral goal, they insisted that Mr. Reagan's victory would make it more difficult for Democratic leaders to exert discipline over some of their more conservative members.
The Nets drafted Olajuwon's countryman and roommate in Houston, Yommy Sangodeyi, a 6-9 forward-center from Sam Houston State with their third-round selection and the 63d over all.
The standard response to famine, the relief organization continued, was for donor countries and local governments to rush in food for the dying.
In its verdict on June 21, the jury upheld the Bells' account of their exchange with Mr. Williams, but found that Mr. Williams lacked the authority to tell members not to bring Jewish guests to the club.
Then he threw a feint to the inside, and Walls went for it.
The first refugees are expected to be relocated in two to three weeks, he said, and the remainder will follow gradually by the end of the year.
The film's title refers to an enduring preference for male children; the birth of a baby boy brings great happiness to a family, while the arrival of a girl is said to bring ''not exactly no happiness, but a small happiness.''
In fact, with wall pieces such as that of a house form surmounting a large cardboard cylinder, Mr. Cragg shows himself such a gifted sculptor (with, by the way, an international reputation) that there are grounds for thinking he would be even better in virgin materials.
Chrysler used the bailout to lay off one third of its work force.
Social Awareness A major period of growth in a child's emotional life, according to Dr. Kagan, occurs around 5 or 6 years, when a child has a firm sense of himself and how he compares to others.
''I am absolutely opposed to violence, and I am absolutely opposed to terrorism,'' she told the jury in Federal District Court that is hearing testimony in her suit against the orchestra.
In September that was raised to $1.
Many politicians came to feel you could gain more mileage by running down the other guy than by putting forward your own affirmative proposals.''
David Rider, assisted by the Rev.
The bride, who is retaining her name professionally, is an artist and producer at Random House in New York.
Now don't think about it any more.''
Q-B3, White's position was hopeless, but Watson did not have a chance to worry about it because his clock flag fell and he was forfeited.
Mr. Sublette's dial-twiddling was overshadowed by his spectacular surroundings, but the evening's total effect was oddly nourishing.
''I got back at 2:30 A.M.,'' Miss DeRoy recalled.
But Mr. Landry had wisely engaged Tony Williams, a brilliant jazz veteran, who knocked around the rhythm so inventively that one could ignore the rest of the group.
b-Includes tax credits of $13,836 for the quarter and $152,370 for the year.
''Sunday, Day 16, has probably been the best day of her life to date,'' they added, even though on that day her body was struggling to reject the heart in an episode that the hospital was then denying.
He was first attracted to politics in 1960 by a group looking for a middle ground between military dictatorship and Communism, and helped found the Christian Democratic Party.
Crime Stories and Puritanism The clash has been paced by a columnist named Barbara Dembska, whose work appears in Rzecziwistosc, or Reality.
Under certain circumstances, the rule can be used to calculate tax on distributions from Keogh plans.
''Both sides have to be fairly represented.''
The proposal is expected to go before the association's session on Friday.
Rather than take advantage of the instrument's ability to mimick vocal sounds and timbres, as composers like Jon Hassel and Brian Eno have done, Mr. Riley plays the synthsizer as a keyboard instrument, with a luminous sound and the ability to bend or inflect notes.
Supporters quote a line from a 1973 work by a leading liberation theologian, Dr. Gustavo Gutierrez of Peru: ''Class struggle is a fact and neutrality in this matter is impossible.''
But in truth, Mr. Reagan has been dropping broad hints for a long time.
And by the mid-1970's, CBS Records was recording some of the concerts for release on LP - a promising series that has come to a halt because, CBS claims, recording opera in the United States is too expensive.
His assertion that death squads are ''not part of the Government'' simply defies the facts.
The transfer was made Thursday, according to Ruby Ryles, acting spokesman for the Department of Correctional Services.
''Suburban children may internalize rules that are more in agreement with those of society,'' he added, ''but these rules may be ones that set competitive and unrealistic goals.''
Miss Way's strong sense of form, was, however, obvious in the New York premiere of ''No Occasion,'' where she experimented imaginatively with various movement possibilities for Fay Simpson, Roger Tolle and herself.
In any case, the Island, whose legions of commuters swelled in the 1970's and early 1980's, has flourished as a result of its symbiosis with the city.
Some ceiling tile in my house has become stained with water spots, and I want to paint them.
Perhaps consumers figure they should expect to pay more because the weather was colder than last winter.
The bride, who will retain her name, graduated from the Milton (Mass.)
But for reasons that seemed more to do with weariness of his Government than specific grievances, his longtime supporters forsook him in droves.
That's what we have to prove March 13.''
''It is sad,'' said a mutual acquaintance, ''they found out that they were on opposite sides of the pigeon issue.''
In the United States, he is known only to a handful of scholars and translators.
Banks were important to the economy because they stored and judged information not easily available to others - but today information is cheap, and the quality of judgment at the banks, always suspect, has been found wanting by a newly sophisticated market.''
''One of the problems of a half-hour news program is you don't really get to see the dimensions of the anchorman,'' said Roone Arledge, president of ABC News.
* Foxmeyer Corp, a pharmaceuticals company in Aurora, Colo., said it had signed a contract to install its TBL Pharmdata Pharmacy computer in all of K Mart Corp.'s 1,000 pharmacies nationwide over the next three years.
growth, commodity prices continue to fall and inflation continues to decelerate.
Whatever the case, Branca is already prepared to battle the W.B.C.
Christmas came in simple ways yesterday.
More than 300,000 abortions to take place over the following five years, a figure Mr. Reagan said surprised him.
Several of the private schools banded together recently to seek solutions to their staff housing needs.
Privately, Mr. Mondale is said to remain confident that he will win the Democratic nomination after a grueling and probably bitter fight with Senator Hart that may last until the Democratic National Convention in July.
An old man can cite that principle as an ultimate justification for seeking a shape in his own life.
''I'm not going to pay any attention to it,'' President Reagan said of a Congressional resolution that the White House said ''aids and abets'' opponents to peace in the Middle East.
It has scarcely ended it.
Mr. Perelman, the press center chief, said that providing the facilities and communications to serve the thousands of reporters at dozens of sites had not been easy.
France's Bernard Gregeon and Patrick Lefoulon finished second and Australia's Grant Kenny and Barry Kelly third.
Justice Cohen noted that he had come to this conclusion even though it conflicted with a decision in February by Judge David B. Saxe who had heard similar arguments in Small Claims Court concerning another flip tax imposed by board resolution.
I thought I knew what the word 'weak' meant, but I had no conception.
Lincoln has never had a strike and has not missed a bonus since the system was instituted in 1934 to spur production and to enable it to pay more to its workers, hard-pressed by the Depression.
Clearly then, this Regan, unDonnied, never Gippered, Minor (at best) Communicator, Secretary of the Treasury, barely existent to the image-besotted masses of the visual age, has been chosen for comedy duty because he has nothing whatever to lose, imagewise, as they say in the imaginal swamps of Unthought.
Because the Yankees (Belcher) and the Mets (Seaver) lost players from the pool earlier this year, they will not have to contribute players to this draft's pool unless they sign a Type A free agent.
Turn the meat and continue cooking 15 minutes.
''Victims are literally tortured to death.
He said such meetings could seriously threaten public order.
A Peekskill police sergeant saw the veteran, Karl Lerchenmueller Jr., attempt to cut his wrist with a plastic coffee cup at 8 P.M. on Dec. 2, yet kept Mr. Lerchenmueller locked in his cell, the report said.
In winter, they are in furs and boots.
''But we have not worked together for the past eight years.''
Seven other workers were wounded in the attack.
And the glitter-trimmed sweater or blouse will be just as useful with a linen skirt or pants as it is with silk separates up north.
Is that what you meant to say, that you will not - that you will flatly not raise taxes in your second term as President?
Like many cooking experts, Mr.
After that, the thief or thieves cannot be prosecuted for the theft; possession of stolen property is the most that could be charged, plus possible tax evasion.
The Administration has taken a step in the right direction, and also given itself good reason to drop the case on Long Island.
As far as she was concerned ''the world seemed to belong to the world.
''Our research in the initial stage started with subjects within our reach,'' one reseacher said in the institute's journal.
About 7.6 million tons of treated sewage are dumped in the bight annually, according to Pat Tobin, an E.P.A.
He told the players he had won the first game his DePaul team played in Chicago, and he wanted to win the last.
The Administration claims not to know how to verify a total ban satisfactorily, but many arms control experts do not so despair.
''One of John Reed's jobs will be to integrate the corporate and the retail side,'' said Mr. Santomero of Wharton.
BOSTON Now we have ''the age issue.''
New York initially tried to offer its Title I program to parochial school students after hours in the public schools but discontinued that arrangement because of low attendance.
Equipped with radial tires from Michelin, Lauda finished third in his first drive for McLaren, the South African Grand Prix.
It cannot document how many voters lost their write-in votes last year to defective machines and uncaring officials.
His salary was garnisheed by the Federal Government during the Vietnam era because he was a war-tax resister and recently the Internal Revenue Service seized the rabbi's assets, because Mr. Robinson has withheld 40 percent of his income tax, the portion he said ''that goes to death and destruction.''
Dr. Camazine also reasons that some mushrooms, in turn, may have adapted to survive among fungus-eating animals by evolving noxious compounds along with other distinctive cues, such as tastes, odors or colors, that help their would-be predators learn to avoid them.
The European Human Rights Court underscored the need for such legislation recently by voting unanimously that the law in England and Wales failed to safeguard an individual's right to privacy.
Mr. Sumichrast of the home builders association said that many of the sales were being made to younger professionals and couples who were buying less expensive homes and condominiums priced at $70,000 or less.
That was triple the investment in stocks in 1975, when total pension fund assets were $260 billion.
The program, modeled after one in Bergen County, N.J., includes training educators, parents and students to detect suicide warning signs.
And there's reason to suspect that he followed the tradition consciously, at least to begin with.
This could only result in refusing admissions of the seriously ill as well as those with mild heart attacks or partially broken hips.
But if you're as skinny as Strawberry is, you've got to get your strength from your legs, too.
Should Chicago sweep and the Mets lose, the race will be over.
He considers all the changes, and says: ''Everybody asks if we're in the era of transition.
There is an $8 cover plus, except for the 12:30 show, which has no minimum, a $7.50 minimum Drinks: $3 up.
A major share of medical services provided by private and public hospitals in Brooklyn will be consolidated under a plan to eliminate fragmented and duplicative services and reduce costs.
The natural mother, he said, must receive advice about the legal implications of her surrender of the child from a court-appointed guardian.
''Places in the Heart,'' which opens today at the Coronet Theater, is a movie about the process of remembrance, as well as about the events remembered.
Market participants attributed the improved performance to further evidence of a cooling economy and a successful auction of $12.8 billion of short-term Treasury bills.
But even the present Administration dare not halt American grain sales, although food shortages might force the Russians to divert resources from defense to agriculture.
As the Treasury drafts a plan, two proposals in Congress offer a preview of a ''modified flat tax.''
In gaining the New Jersey victory Mr. Mondale capitalized well on the few built-in advantages he had: the second largest population of elderly people of any state in the country, a sizable Jewish constituency and a significant black electorate in areas like Newark, Jersey City, Camden and Paterson.
Kurien, James A., Manchester H.S.
But lately a few vanguard models have appeared in less formidable settings.
He did not want his name used, but he is 20 years old, a member of a racial minority, is still attending college and makes less than $10,000 a year.
Shallots, fresh thyme and tarragon once seemed almost too ''fancy'' for native taste.
SAN ANTONIO (USFL) - SLigned Danny Buggs, wide receiver, to a multiyear contract.
''But when you get one who is, you don't coach him too much.
Mr. Miller was also convicted on eight counts of travel in furtherance of the conspiracy.
''He can leave, he can come from behind, and he's tough in the middle too.''
''It's out of our hands,'' said James Burke. ''
(Ingram can also return books to the publishers, but it must pay the freight on each one.
Not even Johnson was invited.
He had been stabbed twice, the police said.
Many residents say they feel the vehicles cause too many accidents and are too noisy.
A Start, Not Success The fact that positions have been outlined does not, of course guarantee that negotiations will be successful.
Senate rejected a House-passed resolution calling for a mutual and verifiable freeze on nuclear weapons between U.S. and Soviet Union.
At other moments, the applause had a more partisan flavor.
Don Lever, Paul Gagne and Tim Higgins got the other goals for the Devils.
Secretary of State George P. Shultz met with Ambassador Anatoly F. Dobrynin on Monday, John Hughes, the State Department spokesman, said today.
It is these changes, among others, that the Bloustein committee will consider and weigh what they mean for the future.
As a result, Mr. Hirsch said, he and his colleagues must take as many as four elevators to get to one of them, taking so much time to get to the restrooms that they are sometimes forced to miss their cases when they are called.
I did and discovered a novel that seems a perfect expression of what, in my mind, makes Alice Walker Alice Walker.
He also discovered that he was not alone in his disappointment: ''During the intermission, I saw many people streaming out the front doors of the Met, coats on, apparently leaving.''
Years of experience should not be tossed aside merely to serve the political motives of any politician or party.
After filing, the base should be brushed or sanded with the sandpaper or brushes.
He's just a pure writer.
Revenues rose 22.3 percent, to $529 million in the period, from $432.5 million.
A score of men and women follow, some shuffling and swaying, others leaping or stomping on the fiery embers.
A break in interest rates, it is readily conceded, would help mightily to foster such a process.
That game began at 5 P.M., with ABC's delayed telecast starting three hours later.
At the St. Lazarus rehabilitation village, a Catholic-sponsored center southwest of Seoul, one leprous couple told an interviewer not long ago that they had reluctantly agreed to give their two children to American foster parents because ''it was best for them.''
Then Miles instructs the machine to help him romance Madeline, the cello player who has moved upstairs, by writing love songs.
The judge has pledged to continue the hearings ''night and day'' until the matter is resolved.
As a result, ''I found the part quite easy to play,'' he says.
His mother, Jane Watson Kelly, is co- founder and a partner in Messagemakers Inc., a Winston-Salem communications company.
Sometimes I would chew on a miniature salami called a ''schtickel'' (there was a sign at Linny's that read: ''A nickel a schtickel is a rhyme, now a nickel a schtickel is a dime'') and press my nose against the glass case as the counterman sliced the Nova on the diagonal and laid it on sheets of waxed paper.
I thought it was just from Rocco.''
But after our first encounter, I wrote about him and mentioned, gratuitously, that ''his opponent works for a living.''
Phyllis L. Kahn, the legislative sponsor of the bill, wrote in The New York State Journal of Medicine last year: ''As smoking is considered socially and legally unacceptable, and also as it becomes more difficult to smoke, people smoke far less.
A cable station, devoted entirely to programming for the hearing handicapped, began operations in Los Angeles last winter.
From that moment on, cooking ceased to be a weekend sport and became instead a nightly passion.
The 146-nation monetary fund starts the year with $40 billion of additional resources on top of the roughly $70 billion it already had, as a result of the recently approved 47 1/2 percent increase in members' subscriptions.
''Corporate cost-cutting and moderate wage increases are creating a new, low-inflation environment.''
The rules are not necessarity connected with reality.
''We asked if we should wake the passengers, but we were told to be quiet, that there was no danger and no need for alarm.
In their meeting at the Regent Hotel, at which many top aides also participated, Mr. Peres began by describing for Mr. Shultz the steps his Government has already taken to deal with the many problems in the Israeli economy, which has an annual inflation rate of 400 percent.
About one-third of that debt is owed to American banks.
Her father is senior vice president and chief financial officer of the General Electric Credit Corporation in Stamford, Conn. Mr. Garvey, a candidate for a master's degree at the Harvard Graduate School of Business Administration, graduated from Colgate University.
The Dodgers disciplined him twice last season, fining him $54,000 and later suspending him indefinitely.
You don't replace an Ed Pinckney just like that, or an Andre Hawkins or a Pat Ewing or a Billy Martin.
In this respect, it was one of the reasons for the large fields of candidates vying for the Democratic and Republican party nominations.
The military Government expelled former Prime Minister Adolfo Suarez of Spain today for trying to aid in the legal defense of the jailed National Party leader, Wilson Ferreira Aldunate.
Despite the strength of the six giant European banks that own it, and its strong franchise on Long Island, European American has never thrived.
But Trump did not, so Wilson and Slusher went back to negotiate with the Raiders.
White was a freshman in Luck's senior season as West Virginia quarterback and was Hostetler's backup for the last two seasons.
''That's not so and you know it,'' Judge Claiborne shouted at Mr. Hendricks, who shouted back, ''I don't know it.''
Just after it had been announced that Calvin Griffith would complete the sale of his Minnesota Twins in a pregame ceremony tonight, Patrick O'Neill , the chairman of the Cleveland Indians, said he was on the verge of selling controlling interest to David LeFevre , a Cleveland- born New York lawyer.
They seem to play the man very well, and, of course, their goaltending was excellent.''
As they had done so many times this season, the Knicks won with their stunning full-court defense.
Nakasone is reported to have told friends early during his first two years as Prime Minister that he expected to stay in office for four years, and maybe even six, in order to achieve his long-range goals.
This is what happens to a conversation between two members of a motorcycle gang plotting a crime: ''You seen that new guy in town?''
His clients included Elvis Presley, Jimmy Durante, Spencer Tracy, Katharine Hepburn, Mae West, Al Jolson, Edward G. Robinson, Lana Turner, Rita Hayworth, James Cagney, David Niven, Jack Lemmon, Walter Matthau, George Burns, Will Rogers and Danny Thomas.
''I think we have a handle on it,'' said Mr. Fauver, the New Jersey Correction Commissioner.
''That enables him to establish position very quickly.
The women had looked forward to the opportunity to challenge the Soviet dominance of their sport.
The Statesmen won their 41st consecutive game against Division III opponents, to whom they have not lost since 1979.
Budget Debate The legislators elected or re-elected Tuesday will take their seats in January for a session that is likely to be dominated by a debate over how much to cut taxes.
Included in the sale are operations that make metal food and beverage containers and plastic and laminated tubes, American Can said.
At the baseball writers' dinner in Manhattan several weeks later, Johnson was seated beside Strawberry on the Sheraton Center dais, where baseball heroes - past, present and future - sat shoulder to shoulder, eating lukewarm London broil and waiting their turn to present awards or receive them.
Original Screenplay: Lawrence Kasdan and Barbara Benedek, ''The Big Chill''; Ingmar Bergman, ''Fanny and Alexander''; Nora Ephron and Alice Arlen, ''Silkwood''; Horton Foote, ''Tender Mercies''; Lawrence Lasker and Walter F. Parkes, ''WarGames.''
Hextall, a member of the Hockey Hall of Fame since 1969, played right wing for the Rangers from 1936 until 1948.
That includes the Yankees, whose pitchers have thrown two of the pitches he has hit for homers.
As a backup for the Jazz, Paultz has played only seven minutes a game and averaged 1.7 points and 1.8 rebounds.
The North Atlantic Treaty Organization put forward ideas on improving methods for advance notification of maneuvers and permitting observers to detect military movements.
It was NBC's best performance in the ratings since the week of Sept. 15, 1980, when it broadcast the ''Shogun'' mini-series.
''Then they began to lose interest.''
Moreover, the large wholesalers have been acquiring smaller companies within their industry and this consolidation trend is expected to continue.
Bargain Packages Mr. Walsh believes that what can rouse the theatergoer from midwinter hibernation is a bargain.
''The danger is that it will stall out competely and that the economy will slide into a full-fledged recession.''
''At your second wedding,'' Mrs. Pople Lance continued, ''when you're 42 and your 12-year-old is standing at your side, something you can wear again seems much more appropriate.''
That plan called for the New Hampshire cooperative to guarantee Public Service's interest payments for 18 months on its 35.5 percent share of the $800 million in construction costs estimated to be needed to complete the unit.
The statement was broadcast as Syrian leaders met with Lebanese opposition leaders in Damascus.
Mr. Bridges is unexpectedly well suited to this romantic fall-guy role, and he's effectively contrasted with James Woods, as a sleekly reptilian Hollywood entrepreneur.
Initially, the dancers walked in, stopped in their tracks in profile and formed a ragged diagonal.
Commissioner Timothy F. Hagan of Cuyahoga County, co-chairman of the Mondale campaign in Ohio, said he would introduce a resolution at the convention singling out Mr. Farrakhan's remarks for condemnation and calling on the party to ''reaffirm its adherence to pluralistic principles and to totally repudiate and disassociate itself from all forms of hatred, bigotry and anti-Semitism.''
''Then,'' Mr. Fierstein said, ''there are people who wear earplugs.''
Although the ice was not a solid sheet over the river, it was so thickly packed in the river that ships attempting passage without an icebreaker leading the way often became trapped.
That's something I never used to even think about.
Gretzky's linemate, Jari Kurri, scored twice, his 9th and 10th goals of the playoffs, also tops in the league.
The new rent freeze ''will help the situation a little,'' he said, ''because landlords will have less incentive to hold back on leases.''
Since mid-January the price of the 12 percent Treasury bond due in 2013 has fallen more than 6 points, or $60 per $1,000 bond, raising its yield to more than 12.3 percent from 11.6 percent.
Elscint AT A GLANCE Elscint Ltd. All dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data Three months ended Mar.
It might have been a savory meat dish wrapped in tortillas or deep-fried cornmeal cakes topped with a savory picadillo filling and cheese.
This is what we should be writing about now, and this is what the politicians should be thinking about, though in this election so far they have been talking about what divides them rather than what unites them, and arguing about who has the beef, and what Ed Meese remembered and what he forgot.
The right-wing opposition, the Popular Alliance Party, is making political capital out of the issue of ''citizens' insecurity.''
Robert H. Kellen, president of the Calorie Control Council, which represents some 60 manufacturers of sweeteners and dietary foods, contended that the original ban was a mistake caused by intense press and political pressure and that numerous studies have since shown that cyclamate is safe.
Scott McGregor (6-4) lasted only one and two-thirds innings, giving up six runs on five hits as his five-game winning streak ended.
During World War II, he served in the Marine Corps for three years.
We feel it is absolutely essential that people stop filling in these flood plains.
11 GREMLINS, by George Gipe.
The armed services' abilities in operations security suffered a disastrous downturn after the Vietnam War, Mr. Deeley said, and he pointed to the Purple Dragon effort as an example of what should be done to bolster future military missions.
''The issue is discrimination and we must not delay.
'I Was Curious' Mr. Chiapel told her that she would need a portfolio, and she said she borrowed money from her father to pay Mr. Chiapel for ''standard portfolio pictures - head shots, full length, three-quarters.''
''Right now,'' he said, ''we see the Soviet Union engaged in a tactic of negotiation that involves withdrawal, that involves a kind of scare campaign, and that involves a sort of deep freeze.
Some developers have not been able to start the job and they've been replaced.
Miss Dee and Mr. Davis, meanwhile, read passages from the diaries, letters and works of some blacks freed from slavery, among them Frederick Douglass.
It was ''a miracle,'' a senior policeman said, that no one was killed in what he described as ''a riot in everything but name.''
Black-bean pasta with leathery, hickory-smoked scallops proved, however, that not everything can be made into pasta.
A year and a half later, in November 1979, Brooklyn Jewish Hospital reported that the baby had been brought in with bruises and scars on the face, one hand and both legs.
It attracted much comment then and after.
''You don't want to get there too early and feel spent before the kickoff.''
''I have good food and good prices,'' he said.
Chip Used in Warplanes Yesterday a spokesman for the International Business Machines Corporation, which brought the improper testing to the Government's attention, said that the microchips were part of the bombing and navigation systems for such military aircraft as the B-52 and B1-B bombers, and the F-15 fighter.
Mr. Ceausescu, who last summer defied the Soviet-led boycott of the Olympics, made a bow toward the Kremlin by reducing his stay in Bonn from five days to two.
He has not become rich.
But Treasury officials acknowledged later that efforts to attract more foreign buyers could founder on the Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982, which requires the Treasury to issue its notes and bonds in registered form, establishing a record of ownership.
In particular, they said the adjustment of price differentials between light and heavy grades of crude oil had not been enough.
In the perverse algebra of the theater, more can frequently mean less.
The honeycomb is made up of rows of adjoining passages blocked at alternating ends, checkerboard fashion.
Once upon a time, Mr. Ablah comported himself differently.
After three years of study, debates, tentative proposals and more studies, the plan is still evolving.
Squirreling Parts Away In 1981, a study by H. B. Maynard and Company, a management-consulting concern, concluded that the ''loose quotas'' used at the Transit Authority's two main repair shops - at Coney Island and at 207th Street in the Inwood section of Manhattan - allowed workers ''almost four times as much time to perform work than would be allowed using performance standards from industrial-maintenance sources for comparable work.''
These soils drain well because of macropores which allow good air movement into the soil.
He gave it to his father-in-law to keep for him in Miami.
If he passed, the 11th-year premium would be $615; if he failed, it would be $1,165.
Program Started in March The center's Compulsive Gamblers Treatment Program, the first of its kind in New Jersey and one of fewer than a dozen in the United States, provides counseling and medical services as well as a 24-hour crisis hot line for gamblers and their families, said Harry J. Russell, associate executive director of mental health and community services at the Kennedy Medical Center.
''The question confronting A.T.& T. now is its ability to become a marketing organization.''
''I think in basketball, one new top player can dramatically affect a team's performance, and send them almost from bottom to top,'' said Calgary's Fletcher, ''and in baseball, the liberal free-agent system means players move around more and it's hard for one team to stay on top.
More than 3,000 people are expected to attend the event, which will feature more than 15 guest conductors, including David Amram, Amy Kaiser, Johannes Somary, Billy Taylor and Martin Josman, who is director of the National Council.
Pour the fish stock over them to cover.
He said seven of his cousins had died fighting for independence.
On its face, it tells us how the company's earnings relate to its stock price.
Short Life Spans Of course, there are always risks when one company depends on another for its business.
It was, rather, a combination of the strikeout pitching of Soto and the hitting of Eddie Milner, who delivered three hits inside four innings, including a three-run home run.
A Democratic Presidential candidate has not won Connecticut since 1964 and Walter F. Mondale, the party's Presidential nominee, has the added handicap that he lost the Connecticut Presidential primary to Senator Gary Hart of Colorado, part of Mr. Hart's sweep of the six New England states.
Year-ago results are restated to reflect the acquisition of Tecom Industries in November 1983 which was accounted for as a pooling of interests.
The major New York banks have been pressing for lifting the ban on interstate banking, and have been especially eager to compete in such rapidly expanding consumer-banking markets as Florida, California and Texas.
Arias, the only American left in the Olympic tournament, next faces third-seeded Stefan Edberg of Sweden, who advanced with a 6-4, 7-5 triumph over Guy Forget of France.
''Pitchers don't necessarily follow a pattern,'' he explained, ''but if a pitch is working, most pitchers will go with that pitch.
With great secrecy, it will move in and out of various goods within minutes and can trade across country borders.
Workmanlike, he leaped away from the starting line as he has done more than 100 times in the past seven years, moved quickly ahead of the field and seemed to relax the rest of the way.
Lawyers for the State of California and the City of Long Beach noted that Arco was responsible for 8.4 percent of total damages in the case.
These people would often have been better off if they had used a venerable strategy called the ''stop-loss order.''
To the Editor: While few would disagree with the title of Toby Cohen's Dec. 31 Op-Ed article (''Equal Care For All With Insurance''), many might with its content, for despite her assertion to the contrary, there is no simple correlation between years of experience as a psychiatrist (or psychologist), frequency of treatment, fee charged and effectiveness of treatment.
''They especially like the one with the Irish and American flags and shamrock on it.''
''The records sought by Mr. Merola were ones he was entitled to,'' he said.
''He is also one of the finest human beings I know.''
It was commissioned by the Council of State Planning Agencies, a membership organization of gubernatorial staff officers.
There is one area of the industry apparently insulated from market erosion.
As a result of such efforts, the combined black and Hispanic enrollment at the Sophie Davis School has ranged from 18.9 to 26.4 percent in the last three years, more than twice the minority representation in the average medical school.
Save for an honor guard of Phalangist police in tan shirts and colonial-era pith helmets, the uniforms of the army and the national police were the only ones present.
''In your country, journalists want to do something sensational in contradiction with the Government's policies.
Officials said Touche had agreed to pay ''in excess of $5 million over six years,'' plus a sum based on performance.
Republican supporters of the aid package vowed to press the issue next week at a meeting of the full Appropriations Committee.
Will they be given land of their own or consigned to the Soviet-style state and collective farms favored by Ethiopia's Marxist Government?
But that was his only consolation.
The leaders often used peer pressure, along with threats, to keep the children involved and to prevent their talking to adults about the ring.
In a response to the editorial (letter April 27), Dean M. Kelley of the National Council of Churches and John Baker of the Baptist Joint Committee on Public Affairs argue that student religion clubs are constitutionally permissible because they are not sponsored by the school and because they are an expression of the students' free exercise of religion.
One thing Mr. Polich does not like to discuss with outsiders is money.
Sunday, Oct. 7 was the baseball equivalent for Chicago of the day that Mrs. O'Leary's clumsy cow kicked over the coal lantern in her barn and started the fire.
Disney, Fox and Paramount all plan to expand film production, and Mr. Forst expressed concern ''that the number of films produced may exceed the capacity of theaters to show them, meaning that less-successful films become that much more less successful.''
But there is a caveat: Tax savings should not override all other factors.
He won for the fifth time in eight starts and earned $174,960 for his owner, Andrew Rosen.
All this represents the nonrestrictive role of fashion today, he commented, adding: ''Women are free to wear what they want.
The price of gold was mostly lower on both continents, ending the day in New York at $381 an ounce, down $4.75.
The announcement came the day before the scheduled initial public offering of MTV.
The fund is to be used to settle last- minute bills to retain the geothermal unit's capital level.
Miss Orlova's descriptions of Soviet cultural institutions and the people who run, and are run by, them have an insider's ring.
They tell their life stories in the most intimate and arresting detail, then move on, leaving us to discover that we don't really know them very well.
The Estate owns the beach under the Royal Hawaiian hotel and a large tract of industrial land in central Honolulu, as well as as thousands of building lots.
Memorandum By the Joint Chiefs of Staff And the State Department To the National Security Council Jan. 7, 1954 1.
But He Has a Mighty Shield Such contrasts offer points of attack for Democrats this year, but only, Reagan strategists say, if the opposition can penetrate Mr. Reagan's strongest shield.
The French troops were sent to Chad in August 1983 at the request of the Government in Ndjamena after Libyan forces entered the country in support of Chadian insurgents.
''It looks like he may have run out of fuel,'' Mr. Kennedy said.
They're out there, and they're biting.''
They Say There Is a Market But both insist they have proved that a market exists for ''progressive P.R.''
''Most distressing is our tourist deficit with the U.S., which hit $2 billion last year,'' Mr. Smith said, flicking a piece of ice from a blade.
Luggage: Skycaps, with an office at entrance B5, charge standard rates of two marks (75 cents) a bag within the terminal and 2.50 marks (90 cents) for transfer of luggage to the lower O level or to the Hotel Sheraton.
At last, my feet touched bottom.
He then gave up a single to Mookie Wilson and, with the pinch-hitter Wally Backman at the plate, watched as Wilson moved to second on a stolen base.
I remember getting on one of those New York double- decker buses and riding around for five hours, thinking of my future.
''I am an extremely intense football player, but I can only give what I have every day.
Similarly, Mostek is running its Carrolton, Tex., and Colorado Springs plants seven days a week.
Mr. Andropov and his predecessor as General Secretary, Leonid I. Brezhnev, did much of their work in a suite of offices maintained for the General Secretary.
Included in the deal were such well-known commercial landmarks as the Gulf & Western building on Columbus Circle, the Harcourt Brace Javanovich building on Third Avenue, the Franklin Simon building on West 34th Street, and the Alexander's Department Store in Flushing, Queens.
Susan and her mother, Patricia, both testifying under assumed names, spoke at a hearing before the Senate Judiciary Juvenile Justice Subcommittee on the rise in teen-age suicide.
Metallgesellschaft of West Germany has responded to lower demand for industrial machinery by developing trade and financing packages and expanding its trading activity beyond metals.
International Washington closed an air travel inquiry that has soured relations with Britain.
The dealers will have to mark those pumps that are not selling their usual brand of gasoline.
Eleanor Williams, a spokesman for Hanes, said that the unit's annual revenues are in excess of $600 million.
Soybean futures rebounded and wheat declined.
A lawyer for Mrs. Bader had challenged the jurisdiction of the county judge who jailed them.
says an ambulance attendant has admitted striking a young Solidarity supporter who died after being detained by the police.
Mr. Seaga has continued to play a role in the nonaligned movement, saying Cuba has a place within the Caribbean family - if Havana would stop ''actively fomenting subversion.''
The bank's stock has traded between $46.875 and $30.25 in the past 52 weeks.
follows the accepted concept of a seven-layer standard, ranging from the physical connections between machines to the instructions that regulate the movement of information.
In most schools, the teachers' lounge is a small, shabby room.
In addition, Kate Valk does a pointless stint in blackface.
Had the meteor burned out?
'' All the books are on sale at the Botto House, which is open from noon to 4 P.M., Wednesday through Sunday, Admission is $1, and the telephone number is (201) 595-7953.
''The Star- Spangled Banner'' played, the stars and stripes were raised, and he closed his eyes and bit his lip, a portrait of unbounded joy.
And until Dec. 7, the median equity fund in the group of portfolios measured by Indata of Southport, Conn., had declined five-tenths of one percent.
''If I can play a good round of golf tomorrow, I've got a good shot at it.''
In Washington, a spokesman for Attorney General Smith said yesterday, ''There is absolutely no truth to the report that the Attorney General personally intervened in that matter.''
It will probably not happen again.
In a 6-to-5 vote, the board adopted a resolution calling on the Department of Sanitation to proceed immediately with planning for five sites, one in each borough.
Coffee production, which accounts for 60 percent of El Salvador's export earnings is suffering badly.
Cook, stirring, until onions are wilted.
The Italian-American community in New York has been campaigning to have one of its own appointed to the Court of Appeals.
There have been more than 20 bombings and burnings at family-planning clinics this year.
They also dabble in the arcane delights of sprouted wheat berries, tofu, barley malt, miller's bran, soy flour and flax seed.
The Ostion Feliz has two restaurants, one of them hidden away in town and very unpretentious: What draws the hungry is their oysters.
''There are people fascinated by ocean liners who have never seen or been on one in their lives.''
Mr. Ortiz said there were two ways to change jobs that were already covered by Civil Service - a constitutional amendment or a series of hearings to prove that a competitive examination was not practicable.
In a second study, undertaken for the House Committee on Education and Labor, the staff and consultants of the O.T.A.
The Cowboys could also win the division by beating Washington and losing to Miami if the Redskins defeat St. Louis and the Giants lose twice.
At first, Zola Budd was disqualified.
Audits of all banking transactions and court litigation to establish liability would have dragged on for several years, said Philip R. Michael, the city's Finance Commissioner.
Pro Arte, a new and innovative company based in Minneapolis that distributes a wide variety of original productions and licensed recordings, has already issued about two dozen titles on the Sinfonia label.
In Ostend today divers drilled through the hull of the Mont Louis, making the first major progress toward salvaging its radioactive cargo.
In city after city, Mr. Kirkland's routine is similar.
The only way it appears that the situation will change is if the Canadian dollar should harden against the U.S. dollar, which doesn't appear likely.
Rothenberg said the situation was different now.
Miss Moats - she has never married although she says she was engaged eight times - emphasizes that she was indeed a nice girl by what she considers the standard for being one.
Its 15 members, chosen from professional theater schools, tour the country doing repertory productions of both classical and contemporary plays.
Farmland Dairies, a processor and dealer in Bergen County, N.J., just over the George Washington Bridge from Manhattan, has sought a license to sell milk in Suffolk and Nassau Counties in New York for a little over five years.
* Isotron Inc., Fairfield, Conn., a manufacturer of Ohio Scientific computers and a subsidiary of Investment A.B.
Devil's Bag, having been pressured from the outside for almost half a mile, now began to slow down and shorten stride, and it was clear that the race would be between Time for a Change and Dr. Carter.
However, in the liberation-theology advocates' sharp critiques of the status quo, he says, their critics ''hear'' Marxism when they are saying something quite different.
Mayor Steve J. Cappiello of Hoboken said that the master-planning study for the Hoboken site had already begun.
Mayor Edward M. McIntyre, convicted on Federal extortion charges, met today with his attorneys to decide whether he should resign from office.
Satay comes with a spicy peanut sauce, cucumbers, onions and little rice cubes wrapped in young coconut leaves.
Among plazas, there is a notable success in midtown - perhaps midtown's best new open space - in the International Paper Plaza behind 1166 Avenue of the Americas, between 45th and 46th Streets.
A waitress at the local cafe says they come by regularly and sometimes wash down their steaks with Coca-Cola.
We need to go another way.
Am I to understand the demands and pressures of teaching are greater than those placed on our Chief Executive?
Basketball is popular in France, and Stade Fran,cais is a competitive club in the national league, but the interest in hockey must be created from next to nothing.
But the question is, what action can they take to make the industrial countries bring rates down?
I see an America too young to quit, too courageous to turn back, with a passion for justice and a program for opportunity, an America with unmet dreams that will not die.
Manhattan Industries tumbled 2 1/8, to 13 1/2.
''In the case of this acquisition, the objective is to become reinvolved in cable programming and especailly in advertiser- supported sport programming.''
The plant's lifetime performance record is now fourth from the bottom among the 69 reactors for which the Federal Nuclear Regulatory Commission keeps statistics, according to the most recent records available.
Grumman sold its Flxible division to a Michigan firm last year.
Against the advice of his special counsel, James Hamilton, the chairman decided against holding hearings.
In a letter of his own, signed ''Sincerely, Ed,'' Mayor Koch accepted Miss Kong's resignation, effective Sept. 4, ''with appreciation for your years of service.''
Price-cutting wars have kept fares low on highly traveled routes, while passengers on less-traveled routes have been gouged to make up some of the losses.
This continuous ''tracking poll,'' as it is called, is an attempt to monitor the daily fluctuations in political preferences of various segments of society.
Nobody knows how he earned it.
Self-damaging boycotts are not usually a good idea.
The standard of living is declining.
Jie Du, an elderly monk who came to Mount Wutai from Sichuan 44 years ago, recalled how he and his fellow monks were paraded in dunce caps through the streets of Taihuai, the local town, and harangued by Red Guards in the late 1960's.
''Instead, I'd line up the 30 checks representing charitable contributions, and then bring in an adding machine tape showing what they add up to.
I would like to see more people trained, and more skilled people so we can employ them.
S. William Green, R* 16.
Brother Marcus divides his days between writing wise letters home, dreaming of marrying the girl next door, praising his sister (''pretty and witty and nice''), and unaggressively girding himself to fight foreign injustice.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Bossy got the final Islander goal in a mistake-laden contest after running his point streak to 18 games, tying his career record set four years ago.
Mr. Plishka, who always has been able to deliver sonorous, liquid bass tones, dug into the role of Philip with an intensity and expressive depth that startled a listener who had often found him bland in former years.
The present big-car tax is the wrong way to attack the problem: it penalizes everyone and distorts the design of future American automobiles.
Cat, as the company is known here, has become the reluctant 2,000-pound gorilla, and a weak one at that.
Do it the difficult, the good way.
''We are still very primitive in our data collection,'' she said.
But some critics argued that such an interpretation constituted an evasion of the law.
These were to be virtually his only constant themes in the next three and a half years.
''At the same time,'' Mr. Graham said, ''the Soviet Union does not allow churches to be a rallying point for what it considers anti-Soviet activities.''
He has been critical throughout his career of those who give value to arms-control accords for their own sake.
These are the kind of companies suitable to the leveraged buyout, in which a transaction, often including the current management, is financed by borrowing and the debt paid with cash flow generated by the acquired business.
Although the air may be cold, be sure to leave some part of the body exposed to the sun.
But, he added, Mr. Marcos ''still has a little asthma and pulmonary secretions,'' which require treatment with aerosol sprays and special breathing exercises.
''Billy was spectacular in that first game,'' remembered Bossy, who watched the opener from his Edmonton hotel room, sidelined by severe tonsilitis.
We don't know what to do.
THE major question facing the house Monday night when the Metropolitan Opera opened its centennial-plus-one season lay in the voice of Placido Domingo, who had never sung a German role here but was taking on the title part in ''Lohengrin.''
The company rebounded in 1983 from the recession after two years of big profit declines, registering a 54 percent gain, to $194.5 million, or $4.61 a share.
In the Longford tradition, writing comes as naturally as good manners.
But William Hughes Mulligan, a former Federal appellate judge, told the committee yesterday that Judge Ellerin's position was inconsistent with determinate sentencing.
''I used to be a terrible putter,'' Miss Sheehan said.
While it is true that modern latex paints are much more permeable than oil- and alkyd-base paints (latex paints will let most of the vapor pass through without blistering or peeling), homes that are more than about 10 years old are likely to have had oil- base paints applied to their exteriors.
Now we're giving out tickets.''
The cape is named after Cornelius Jacobsen Mey, who did the first extensive exploration of the area in 1621, and it has a rare mixture of sights for bathers, browsers and strollers.
LINDEN ''I 'VE been doing what I've been doing for seven years, and I don't want somebody telling me how to do my job or tell me where I can work,'' Eunice Kortlang said.
His visual daring has not lessened in recent times, either.
The Bruins will meet the fourth- place Montreal Canadiens in the opening round.
When the Municipal Art Society gives its annual awards this afternoon to people it says make New York more livable, City Council President Carol Bellamy will give one to Brooklyn Borough President Howard Golden, for last year's Brooklyn Bridge centennial celebration.
The law defines low-level waste as almost all radioactive wastes other than spent reactor fuel, which is considered high-level waste.
In the Caprice, for instance, cargo volume is 20.9 cubic feet, while the figure for the compact Chevy Citation sedan is 19.4, and hip and leg room in the two cars are nearly identical.
Mr. Damga built triangular platforms, carpeted them in a sand color, painted the walls in four soft pastels, then brought in a piano and lots of plants.
But there was an even more awkward choice.
The solution is plain: An independent state prosecutor, without any connection to local authorities, should bring police lawbreakers to justice.
The law, he wrote, is clear ''that an administrative body may not acquire jurisdiction by estoppel or consent.''
Companies selling what have been considered classics of modern design, often referred to as museum merchandise, were side by side with concerns showing more commercial items.
''They represent a basic division that split this Administration right down the middle on Lebanon.
Bids are already in from the Alleghany Corporation ($1 billion in cash) and the railway unions ($500 million in cash and $280 million in extensions of wage concessions).
The cord is also stored in the base and is adjustable; it can be pulled out of the base to the desired length for ironing.
Mr. Meisel speaks of Mr. Burroughs's book as ''an example of what Lionel and Diana Trilling called the 'modernism in the streets' of the Beat Generation.''
Mr. Murdoch, whose spokesman said he could not be reached for comment, has said very little of his plans for St. Regis, should he acquire it.
Whether the garments were done under the aegis of the workshop, they remain artistic statements and could only be worn as such.
But, over all, I've got a disappointed feeling, an empty feeling.''
We're going to hit him again on the nuclear freeze.
We are not making a true art.
They reflected the way Mr. Laug himself dressed, like a banker.
And sometimes they touched the same place twice in quick succession.
''But one night after I got home, she was sitting with me watching TV when it came on that I was out of prison.
Mr. Hunsaker, who is 33 years old, chose Toksook Bay because the people still dance the ancient dances and pass on their traditions.
Reporting that all of its six business groups had operating profits, National said its steel division had $5.6 million in operating income, compared with a loss of $29 million in the first quarter of 1983.
There, boisterous sailors fill the bars and book-laden students return from their classes.
Construction of all these new properties is an expensive proposition.
And we're going to continue to do that.
''Diamonds'' is the musical that will be directed by Hal Prince.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
He mentioned low growth rates, high unemployment and inflation and ever mounting external debts.
Their relationship was known to have been frosty afterward.
'' At some subway stations, passengers getting off Metro-North trains were allowed to enter the subway for free, according to a spokesman for Metro- North, Susan Gilbert, But not at all the stations.
The mere posing of these questions supplies the answer.
Mr. Mili is survived by a brother and a sister who live in Bucharest, Rumania.
With Durgan expected back tonight and Davis vowing to move the ball better, the Americans still have dreams of winning a gold medal and playing in the World Cup in Mexico in 1986.
Mr. Monte is dedicated to the proposition that a man and woman gliding and swaying smoothly together, almost as one body, are altogether more satisfying for participants and onlookers than a twosome ''dancing alongside or at each other, just hopping and bopping in time to earsplitting music.''
''Now, I don't even eat chicken or fish.
Is the broom gone or did someone merely park it in the wrong closet?
William G. McGowan, MCI's founder and chairman, said his company would duplicate the directory assistance system operated by the American Telephone and Telegraph Company.
In Zurich, gold declined $1.25, also winding up at $345 an ounce.
Scott Fletcher popped up and Julio Cruz grounded out to the first baseman for the third out.
In October the union closed G.M.
exceeded its authority in approving the project in the absence of a thorough environmental assessment.
He refused to register before the original deadline six weeks ago on the ground that election laws did not allow enough freedom for an honest campaign.
These and other touches were highly important to the Democrats' television strategists in their effort to catch up with the acknowledged edge of President Reagan's campaign in mastering television ''visuals.''
The day, which was set by Presidential proclamation, is to honor the 2,500 Americans who are unaccouted for and still listed as missing in action in the Vietnam War.
As for all the defensive shuffling, Walton said he had not wanted a repetition of last season, when, as a rookie coach, he found himself reluctant to make changes even though the club was sputtering to a 7-9 record.
On Monday, he told the Parliament that the Ghat, the Libyan vessel that Egyptians believe might have laid the mines, had changed crews during its journey to the Ethiopian port of Assab.
The $72 million in the second class of bonds due in March 1994 were given an 11 7/8 percent coupon and priced at 99 15/32 to yield 12.01 percent.
''I can understand it,'' Smith said.
The manslaughter indictment brought against three transit police officers by the first grand jury - which met for nine months, heard 83 witnesses and produced 5,500 pages of testimony - was thrown out last Friday by a State Supreme Court justice.
A nerve gas weapon was opposed by the House.
Both of them were interested in functional art.
As a result, Texaco has suffered a rapid decline in its worldwide reserves.
Seven of the former N.F.L.
On a factory staff list, he was ranked sixth out of 56.
The lack of another one in the years since 1978 is beginning to reinforce public awareness of how difficult a feat it is.
Behind that shield, it has diversified rather than modernized to meet foreign competition; less than half its capacity is in ''continuous casting,'' the most efficient steel-making process (compared to 87 percent in Japan).
''As a result, labor- management relations is back in the jungle.''
Quite a bit, it seems, when Governor Cuomo is writing about the state budget.
Kevin Carlson, 15 years old, was demonstrating with his father, Robert, a police officer in Freeport, L.I.
* Irving Trust Co. has elected Adrian G. Kole an executive vice president and also appointed him group executive in charge of the Computer Applications Group.
A general gardening encyclopedia is always a good self-helper to have on a shelf for quick answers.
Drawing by Mankoff c1982, The New Yorker Magazine, Inc.
The votes for some minor-party candidates will not be available until the official canvastes are completed.
I have also, especially in recent years, spoken and written a good deal on contemporary affairs; and it is these contributions to the public discussion of nuclear weaponry and Soviet-American relations that have received by far the most public attention, and at times approval.
''When I was young I was always the one to give the first lick, instead of taking it,'' he said.
PASSED Establishing a system to set the cost of treatment in advance to control hospital costs.
An Advertising Age listing of 1982 TV spending of all companies in clinical health care ranks Denta Health fifth with $421,400, putting it at the top of its class.
It was from that film that I learned how to use a fire extinguisher.
''There's a consensus among assessors, but it's not mandated, so they're free to assess at whatever rate they want,'' he said.
The proposals would have to be approved by the City Planning Commission and the Board of Estimate to become law.
That court permitted a securities fraud suit to proceed against Vista Resources Inc.
Mr. Bantgerter said it was too early to call the race.
Rabbi Charles Sheer performed the ceremony at the home of the bride's mother, Lila Scherl, in New Rochelle, N.Y.
''Most residents would probably score him lower,'' he said.
It was familiar and comfortable, and I realized how easy it would be to become part of this world again.
Jesse Jackson's strong showing marks a turning point in New York politics.
Starting this fall, the laser- played compact disk will be getting the full promotional treatment from the industry - the manufacturers of players, the producers of records and the stores that sell them.
''According to my husband,'' comments a woman who admits she isn't crazy about paving country vistas or not knowing everybody in the grocery store, ''they took the best farmland in Smyrna for the Air Force Base, and Nissan took the second best.
de Sevigne's existence - her recurrent separations from her life's ''most adored object,'' her oldest child, the Countess Fran,coise- Marguerite de Grignan.
Arab diplomats here said Libya, Algeria, Qatar, the United Arab Emirates and Iraq had either stopped making payments or were delaying them.
The Knicks trail, 3 games to 2, in the four-of- seven-game Eastern Conference semifinal playoff series.
A buyer from North Carolina, Sam Elliott, said Barbie was ''the most popular, because she is the prettiest.''
*Sift flours, baking powder and salt and set aside.
''It's a hearty kitchen color,'' says the designer.
Making a smooth wall look corroded is part of the new drawing-room game.''
Sales from continuing operations in the latest period, which ended April 28, were up 21.7 percent, to $775.8 million, from $637.7 million a year earlier.
The police officials said that Mr. Mitchell had a reputation in his neighborhood as a habitual user of the drug PCP and that relatives had told them he was under the influence of drugs today.
Nancy was unaware of the fact that it was other people taking and failing that test for real that resulted in money being available for the course.
Since that time the Government has concentrated its efforts to keep its secrets by stopping disclosures at their source.
The Chicago Pacific Corporation made a half-hearted effort to buy Textron last month but did not press the issue when Textron showed no interest.
The all-time high, 163.32, was reached in 1965.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
He saved par by hitting his third shot 5 feet from the hole at the 438-yard hole.
Yet it is just as obvious that Mr. Martins, in the Balanchine tradition, has created a ballet that depends entirely upon the polyphony and cohesive interplay of every dancer on stage.
Jon TenHaagen of Paine Webber Inc. predicted that the market's pullback ''is only temporary and should be followed by another attempt to rally before the year-end.''
This conjecture, outlined by Wall Street sources close to Texaco, was based on an unconfirmed report that the Bass family, an oil-rich, acquisition-minded group of Texas investors, had acquired a huge block of Texaco shares.
Each agency will have an equity position in the consortium.
The openings in the mesh should be no wider than one-quarter of an inch.
As the fuel aged slightly and grew cooler, the company was able, with the permission of the Nuclear Regulatory Commisson, to stack the fuel rods closer together.
She condemns rather than condones.
In remarks after the meeting, President Reagan reiterated American backing for Yugoslav independence.
At the same time, the colonel has set up 20 civil defense troops in Moncagua.
MCM Advertising will be headed by Richard G. Farrell, 51; MCM Sales Promotion by Peter R. Wells, 46, and MCM Direct Marketing by Barbara E. Corrigan, 39.
Wilson's contract with them was due to expire at the end of this season, his fourth as a pro, and he had been frustrated in his backup role.
The Met reportedly called in experts to handle the sound equipment, but obviously neither they nor the producers in the house knew quite what to do with it.
The Tigers, who had seen a 5-0 lead evaporate, tied the score at 7-7 with two runs in the eighth.
Property taxes were slashed by almost 60 percent; indeed, the measure has since saved the state's taxpayers more than $40 billion.
July 10 and 11: ''Buddy, Buddy'' (1981), directed by Billy Wilder, with Jack Lemmon and Walter Matthau; ''The Sunshine Boys'' (1975), directed by Herbert Ross, with Walter Matthau and George Burns.
The responsibilities of their offices, however, call for institutional-wide educational vision and for the integration of all departments into a common educational effort.
The foreclosure actions have provoked a storm of protest, and some countersuits by investors, who argue that the situation could have been worked out.
However, a look at the 230 or so claims from Northern Ireland shows how deeply Mr. DeLorean's dream spread in Ulster during the four years between the Government's decision to gamble on the venture and its liquidation in the autumn of 1982.
Coal production in June spurted 24 percent, to a record 76.9 million tons for the month.
But the group in close pursuit today was quite different from Friday's - and quite impressive.
At that point, Blinka asked Coach Joe Walton to trade him.
The center is supported by grants from foundations and individual donors, she said.
The manager of the Quality Inn, across the road from the murder scene at the Grand Central Motor Lodge, described the dead man as a ''terroristic person.''
They were chased through nearby woods by about 200 riot policemen.
The characters more or less match those in the original film, although they now also recall the sorts of colorful slobs John Steinbeck and William Saroyan wrote about in their sentimental moods.
And the cast of ''The Singing Yankees'' sang turn-of-the-century popular songs while dancing around a parlor piano.
If this type of ''property-tax shopping'' should result in an annexation, what other communities and property holders will resist the numerous other such opportunities throughout the state to do a bit of ''shopping'' on their own?
He also held out the possibility that, if the Garden remained open, a third professional basketball team for the metropolitan area could be drawn to a new arena in the Atlantic Terminal area of Brooklyn, at the site of Aqueduct Race Track in Queens, or near Shea Stadium.
Fish is a wonderful hot weather dish, because the supply is abundant throughout the summer and fall, and because most fish are delicious served cold, perhaps with a mayonnaise thinned with yogurt and flavored with chopped dill or tarragon or chives.
Ken Howell(2-2), the Dodgers' fourth pitcher picked up the victory.
Her triple salchow was solid.
The United States has failed to give them back the country they once dominated.
GTE said it would keep full control of the satellite, and service to customers would not be affected.
4 Unbeatens Left Only four undefeated and untied major teams remain - Washington (7-0), Brigham Young (7-0), South Carolina (6-0) and Fullerton State (8-0).
In late May and through June (I extend the bloom time by planting some clumps in sun, others in partial shade), plants are covered with delicate, soft blue flowers.
Water is drained from the pipes, while two carbon-activated filters extract most trace contaminants.
After all, we remember Republican leaders from William Howard Taft to Nelson Rockefeller because of what they stood for, not because they were Republicans.
Competing internationally raised the sights of this youth from the prairie.
Only one animal is allowed per cabin, so a reservation must be made in advance.
This was the second day of the four- day meet involving 407 swimmers and divers from 62 colleges.
That ''if'' might be considered a problem, from a timing standpoint.
FOR a decade, the American economy has been struggling with change.
They have reportedly driven half of Matabeleland's 500 white commercial farmers off the land.
My own parents didn't believe me at first and helped my ex-husband get a lawyer.''
T he Central Opera Service, a national information and research group associated with the Metropolitan Opera, has released its detailed statistics about American opera production during the 1982-83 season.
Using catalysts, it builds up the long chains of hydrocarbon molecules by combining hydrogen with carbon monoxide.
In the second game Castillo, plagued by shoulder troubles for a year, earned his first victory since Aug. 10, 1983, and Lysander collected his second save of the day and third of the season.
A clarification is in order regarding Leslie Gelb's reference to the Soviet Interview Project in his article.
Davis: I was not talking about the social acceptance of blacks or women but whether in fact they are there, which I would say resolutely they are.
She insisted that until the day the price rose to $47.95, some $38.88 cars were still available at some Florida locations for some days.
A client can receive up to $25,000 and does not have to pay legal fees for representation in a claim.
''The profits are phenomenal and justify the risk,'' Mr. Kellmer said.
It was opened by Kind Fahd of Saudi Arabia and is being boycotted by Iran because of its disappointment with the conference's neutrality in the Iran-Iraq war.
On Monday, the GAF board will meet to decide whether to reinstate dividend payments that were discontinued in January 1983.
Chief among them was the casting of O'Brien, Winston's treacherous friend and master of doublethink.
Dr. Hammer expected that this production could triple eventually to 45 million tons.
They were cooked with uncommon care by a mother or an aunt or a grandmother, and the notion that good food should always be prepared carefully is now a mainstay of his cooking philosophy.
Calamity Jane kept a diary from the late 1870's until her death in 1903 and had it passed along to the captain with the proviso that her daughter could read its passages only after the death of the mother she never knew of.
In winning 11 of their first 17 playoff games before Saturday night, the Islanders averaged less than goals a game.
But there is one overriding reason for the recent rash of overly optimistic forecasts, according to Fred Fraenkel, director of equity research for Prudential-Bache Securities.
Walter Davis Jr., pianist; $8.50.
But then he is not a footnote type of guy.
Even overnight, from late Sunday to early today, the perspective had sharpened.
These claims will make it extremely difficult for Mr. Reagan to reverse course in Lebanon, no matter how the situation there deteriorates; and he's already labeled withdrawal ''surrender.''
A comparison of the human rights records of both countries raises serious questions about this choice of friends and enemies.
The other day White House sources gleefully asserted that they had put one over on the Democrats by negotiating a schedule under which the second debate, on Oct. 21, might be blacked out on one television network (ABC), by a professional football game, a possibility the Republicans apparently regarded as favorable to their candidate, on the theory that he has more to lose than the Democratic challenger.
He talked about their ''comfort zones,'' meaning ''can I live with this risk and sleep at night?''
The primaries have come so close together, he said, that voters have been confused.
The Mets' Foster presents a similar situation.
And she seems to have earned the respect and affection of the editors of her writings for her many talents and activities, and, in the case of her diaries, for accuracy, volubility, industry, charm and cheerfulness.
''We now know and we've always known what Miss America is - she's always been a role model,'' said the 20-year-old from Salt Lake City, who won the title Saturday night.
We want to do it as accurately as we can.''
New York Telephone seemed mystified that anyone would object to replacing named exchanges with numbers and today professes to be just as mystified about objections to a new area code, 718, for Brooklyn, Queens and Staten Island.
The number for further information is 724-3701; 724-3700 (for taped daily schedule).
The race begins at 10:38 A.M. on Sunday at Stratford and Cortelyou Roads.
If the stain remains, mix a thick paste of powdered whiting and a commercial liquid rust remover, which can be obtained in hardware stores and home centers.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
John Orr of Princeton also helped thwart Oklahoma State's attempt to gain ground on Iowa tonight.
We left the harbor at Sachem Head a half hour before sunrise in an outboard-powered skiff, towing a small layout boat behind.
The 55 percent figure for the increase in delays was also for the January- through-April period, and the situation is believed to be worsening.
Once upon a time, this person was just another child, squealing with normal delight at jack- o'-lanterns, candied sweet potatoes, jingling bells and cranberry-and-nut relish, and groaning ecstatically when the little stomach became hugely upset.
What he doesn't say is that the room is bigger because of the sort of fiscal stimulus Lord Keynes taught us something about.
Predictions about America in the next decade.
This may seem to go against the Wall Street axiom that says smart operators ''never fight the tape.''
And Erle Johnson, the former director of the commission, has publicly urged that the files be opened to inspection to clear up misunderstandings that surround the commission's activities.
The Connecticut polls will be open from 6 A.M. to 8 P.M. With President Reagan unopposed on the Republican side, only enrolled Democrats will be eligible to vote.
The defense lawyers are not always united in how to present their case.
Women loved Don Juan because he loved them, ardently and energetically, as a matter of life and death.
After high school graduation, he attended nearby San Jose State College, a kind of workingman's school to which blue collar workers were proud to send their children, many of whom were the first members of their families to attend college.
If you think this is an irrational threat, I challenge anybody to take a count of the active floor traders who trade stocks on the American and New York stock exchanges.
Felipe Alou , a former major league outfielder and a coach with the Montreal Expos last season, was named manager of the Indianapolis Indians of the American Association, the Expos' top farm team.
They missed a great performance.
Eddie Murray and Wayne Gross hit home runs, and Mike Young got a key triple as the Baltimore Orioles scored an 8-3 victory over the Chicago White Sox today.
Countering rumors the general had homosexual relations with Uli Letat, his 31-year-old driver, Bild Zeitung contacted the driver's sister in Australia and quoted her as saying: ''Nonsense!
The worst way is to pretend and blame everything that goes wrong on somebody else - the deficits on Messrs. Mondale and Carter, the Central American tangles on Castro, the tragedies in Beirut on intelligence budget cuts years ago, the lack of nuclear arms control on the three sick old men in the Kremlin, and Louisville on the powder puff and briefing crews before the debate.
EDWARD EVERETT PALMER, president emeritus of the State University of New York College of Environmental Sciences and Forestry, Doctor of Laws.
Streets Director James M. Shea said the law was needed to keep scavengers from littering alleys.
The House Select Committee on Aging, reporting on the results of a four-year investigation, said that merchants selling quack remedies were ''no longer quaint and comical figures'' but were well-organized, sophisticated, persistent entrepreneurs running a big profitable business.
In Wyoming, Senator Alan K. Simpson has a minor primary challenge from a retired accountant, and the state Democratic Party has virtually conceded his re-election.
In addition, the Administration has planned a diplomatic effort in the Organization of American States to win support from relucant members, while public statements from anti-Government Nicaraguans are expected over the next week or so, they said.
Despite state efforts, litter has been heavier than ever on New Jersey highways in recent months, according to John Dunn, chief of the Department of Transportation's Maintenance Bureau.
In these, on view at the Guggenheim Museum, Fifth Avenue and 89th Street (through Nov. 25), the figures and symbols of his painting, now shaped from the thinnest of gold sheet or clear acrylic, are deployed in small Plexiglas boxes, often - despite their scale - to dramatic effect.
'Absolutely Improper' Judge David N. Edelstein interrupted, instructing Mr. Kasanof that it was ''absolutely improper'' to refer to prison or ask for sympathy.
''Security and practical matters, like where we're going to sit - in the church, in the plaza or where - still haven't been answered,'' he said.
After having met with Mr. Gromyko in Moscow, Mr. Hartman returned here for further discussions on preparing an agenda that could make progress even though there was no likelihood of a breakthrough in the nuclear arms questions.
Minutes later, his wife was released, and shortly thereafter, about 10 P.M., the arrests were made.
The suit also says that some of the proceeds of the custodial account were used to purchase a cooperative apartment in the River House, one of New York City's wealthiest residences.
''We will seek to meet with the Governor to iron out how this would work and make certain we get our fair share if we can't persuade them to sell it.''
James J. Spencer, 50, has been named treasurer of Best and will assume Mr. Quinn's duties.
''The market is in a consolidation phase,'' said Edwin Kantor, senior executive vice president at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. ''People believe rates are coming down but are cautious.
She remembers to send thank- you notes and follows up on requests for clothes from magazines.
Mr. Baldrige also said that he thought the President would continue to resist attempts to include Social Security benefits in the Administration's proposals to curb Federal spending by freezing cost-of-living adjustments of other Government programs, even though he might be able to do so without violating the letter of his avowals of the election campaign.
''This is not the end of the world for us,'' the official said as shells crashed into a hillside 100 yards from the Lebanese Army.
Whoops is the industry's shorthand for the ill-fated Washington Power issue.
In turn, Miss Castaneda returned it to Robert Schwartz and Associates, architects.
There was no debate today before the cloture vote.
In 1967, not long before her death, she was made a Dame Commander of the British Empire; and the following year a Companion of Literature of the Royal Society of Literature (''An empty and inconvenient honor,'' she observed to a friend, ''and I am not grateful for it.'')
Whether or not we go along with the philosophical implications that the artist ascribes to these new paintings, they prove that there is still a little life in the preoccupations of the mid-1980's.
''He was clearly injured but left here under his own control,'' Mr. Winn added.
''There might be an argument for doing a great deal more.
Money Growth Slows After expanding at a 12.2 percent rate in May and June, money supply growth has slowed sharply recently ''and July's growth may be about zero,'' said Elliott Platt, a money market economist at Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities.
Each side's weapons insure that the other's are not used.
And, while most recognize the danger, they carry on with the wind blowing through their hair, part of an era that is quickly drawing to a close.
''We want to be relieved of purchasing the Negroes to carry elections,'' one delegate said.
In a separate announcement yesterday, the company said it would restart its zinc refinery operations in Corpus Christi, Tex.
Foreign refining and marketing operations registered a profit of $66 million, contrasted to a loss of $37 million in the first quarter of 1983.
''I started in 1937 as a mess boy on a tanker for Mobil Oil,'' he said.
The Securities and Exchange Commission has proposed some restrictions on that now, and they're out for comment.
Unions That Were Rejected The other unions that had sought to win the California group's affiliation were the Communications Workers of America, the United Automobile Workers and the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees.
While the new exhibition in Ridgefield was conceived before Dr. Metzger assumed his duties in the fall, he has been in charge of carrying out the concept and hanging the show.
Despite the extraordinary strength of the United States dollar, which has encouraged many more American tourists than usual to visit Europe, Bahamian officials report a slight increase in the number of visitors from America this year.
But the son worked so steadily as a pianist that he could take classes only on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays.
Services cover the gamut of businesses from insurance and stock brokerage to restaurant meals and house-cleaning.
contrast with the success of the American Satellite Company, which had profits of $4 million on revenues of $55 million last year, and has had annual growth rates of 40 percent since its inception.
Everywhere one looks there is a table top composition.
But they spoke just as often about the risks of attacking the deficit through tax reform.
They also noted that the slackening pace of the economy had increased the probability that corporate profits in the fourth quarter could decline, which would be another depressant for equities.
This provides even illumination with no hot spots in the picture.
Western Division Another popular player who returns to coach his former team is Alan Hinton of the Vancouver Whitecaps .
New music for computer, electronics, tape and mixed media, written or improvised in idioms and styles ranging from jazz to postserialism will be performed by a nearly dozen artists, some of whose works were first heard at R.A.W.
Sears, Roebuck & Company said yesterday that its net income in the second quarter rose 14.4 percent, to $356 million, or 99 cents a share, from $311.2 million, or 89 cents a share, a year ago.
That was primarily to prevent an owner from selling off players at high prices and diluting his franchise.
Reliance on Black Institutions A consensus emerged that the black community could increase the many efforts it has mounted for years to help blacks.
The rule changes regarding player movements were designed to ''increase the size of the talent pool,'' according to Tex Schramm, the general manager of the Dallas Cowboys and the chairman of the league's Competition Committee.
Those writers ''were artists and their statements were in the language of art,'' the author writes.
Her father is president of Rogers & Rogers Inc., financial consultants in Delray Beach.
His Democratic opponent, Walter F. Mondale, will spend his final day of campaigning at a rally in Pershing Square in Los Angeles, then fly to Mason City, Iowa, for a rally at the Northern Iowa Fairgrounds, and finally to a rally at the Minneapolis- St. Paul Airport.
Work is being completed on the first 16 units, and occupancy is scheduled for October.
Prunelle has one of the East Side's prettiest Art Deco interiors.
A more sweeping prohibition of ''self- avowed practicing homosexuals'' was defeated by a narrow margin, and a more liberal version of the proposal, which did not exclude homosexual candidates, received little support.
Those aboard the plane were Jack Moore, 24 years old, who starred as a guard at the University of Nebraska, and Gary Johnson, 47, Moore's employer in a stockbrokerage.
The agreement was reached at a lengthy bargaining session that lasted until 4:30 A.M. at the Aspen Manor in nearby Parsippany-Troy Hills.
In ''The Book of Laughter and Forgetting,'' the Czechoslovak writer Milan Kundera tells of the festive air of acceptance in the West that followed the Soviet-inspired Communist coup in his country in 1948.
quicker than the older cars.
''He felt more secure turning himself over at a newspaper.
The Celtics had two other players with more than 20 points: Parish had 22 and Johnson, who missed Game 6 with a sore right shoulder, scored 21.
MR. COXWELL said that there were many reasons for a New York actor to want to live in Paterson, but that the foremost one was financial.
But it's a natural for her.
''A couple of weeks ago I had four to dinner and I made fish pie, which is my favorite,'' he said.
Steel production rose to 2.118 million tons in the week ended last Saturday, from the previous week's 2.116 million tons, the American Iron and Steel Institute said yesterday.
He minimized the importance of the one-out error by Leon Durham, the Cubs' first baseman, on the pinch-hitter Tim Flannery's sharp grounder that contributed to the Padres' four-run seventh.
A bank guard intervened, and there was a gun battle.
At the service a man in the uniform of a general in non-Communist Poland presented medals from what amounts to the old London-based Polish Government in exile.
It reported that ''some saw the embarrassed refusal offered the Chancellor as a depressing test of French-German reconciliation and friendship.''
A spokesman at the South African Embassy in Washington confirmed that the book had been banned.
Reservations are suggested for all trips.
This was one reason why John Henry's owner, Sam Rubin, has complained so loudly about the high supplemental fee.
''It's been going far better than anyone could have expected,'' he said.
Under this scheme, the DDG-51 would be part of the ''inner screen,'' he said, not in the immediate vicinity of the carrier but closer than the outer airborne defense and submarine interceptors.
Mr. Kahane tended to play precisely like a competition winner - that is, precisely, aside from a slip at the end of the Mozart, with ease and without much imagination.
Of course, most people involved with the Rangers agree that nothing matters without Beck, the captain who is beginning his sixth season for a team that remains largely unchanged from last year.
Insiders say the lines of succession have already been drawn.
But the yen continued to hold its own against the dollar.
Two- hour guided tours in a variety of languages take visitors through beautifully preserved Roman ruins, including the imposing Porta Nigra, a gateway fortress of limestone; St. Barbara's Baths, built in the second century and used for several hundred years, and the Amphitheater, which could accommodate a seated audience of 20,000.
''We don't believe Jamaica is where it ought to be in terms of working with our Government on a comprehensive plan,'' he said, ''On the other hand, the Jamaican Government is doing more this year than it did last year, and it did more last year than the year before.''
Also, the New Jersey law mandates the labeling of numerous hazardous substances.
After several repetitions, the reverberation became all-encompassing, sounding now like a grand pipe organ in the sky, now like a whirl of melodic locusts.
Blaik said he had always intended to retire ''around the age of 50 because, let's face it, this is a young man's business,'' but he stayed to coach his son, Bob, the quarterback, in the early 50's.
So-called free weights, such as dumbells, can produce a more balanced workout than a weight machine because people cannot ''cheat'' by having the stronger side of their bodies do most of the work.
The case brings to 24 the number of Klansmen indicted in eight different Federal cases since October 1982.
Larry Gura (2-0) worked out of a bases- loaded jam in the second, and was helped by double plays in the fifth, sixth and seventh.
The money was appropriated by Congress as a part of the compromise but is being held up pending action by the commission.
The questioners were D. Michael Cheers of the magazine Jet, Ron Magers and Carol Marin of the local NBC television station and Walter Jacobson and Mike Flannery of the local CBS station.
SmithKline has already witnessed such wariness in Europe, where Ridaura is being sold.
Mrs. Peron, the widow of President Juan Domingo Peron, returned to her self-exile in Spain, leaving behind divisions in both.
They are all worried about kids drinking and driving at prom time.''
''Do you know what this has done to people?''
Judge's Day in Court The Justice Department wants the last case involving Federal District Judge Harry E. Claiborne to be his own.
Moreover, new dunning letters have people ''coming in in droves,'' the agency says, to discharge older obligations that had been written off as unlikely to ever be collected.
The other contenders are the Canadian pair of Barbara Underhill and Paul Martini, and the Carrutherses.
Mannion, chairman and chief executive of Unity Mutual Life Insurance Co., and Paul L. Snyder, chairman and chief executive of Snyder-Darien.
To think of the cousins as a collective voice, Pounds advises, is a mistake.
''Right now I don't want to cause no trouble,'' Omar Moreno, the man who wants to be the center fielder, said today.
Finally, after all the planning, it was garage-sale morning.
He was 104 years old and a resident of Manhattan and Westport, Conn. Mr. Limpert was born in Greece and came to this country at around the turn of the century.
Negotiations are under way to establish the program at the Veterans Administration Medical Center in Newington, Hartford Hospital, Bristol Hospital and Windham.
Other team members are the goalkeepers Tim Harris and Jamie Swanner, both amateurs; the defenders Paul Caligiuri and Mark Evans, also amateurs, and Kevin Crow of San Diego, Gregg Thompson of Tampa Bay, Erhardt Kapp of Pittsburgh and Bruce Savage of Phoenix; the midfielders Amr Aly, George Fernandez and Tab Ramos, all amateurs, and Rick Davis of St. Louis, and the forwards Hugo Perez and Jean Willrich of San Diego, Elvis Comrie of Chicago and two amateurs, Steve Payne and Jeff Hooker.
This would mean hundreds of thousands of miles of additional driving for taxpayers living in the area now served by the existing offices, Mr. Cibes asserted.
Pay-back periods will vary by state and model.
Early Saturday morning, the handful of fans remained for the 14th match on the night's card, which had attracted around 3,200 customers.
Miss McCarthy's novels include ''The Group,'' ''Cannibals and Missionaries,'' ''The Groves of Academe,'' ''Birds of America'' and ''A Charmed Life.''
Here are heroes of my adolescence - Robert Benchley, James Thurber, S. J. Perelman, H. L. Mencken, E. B.
For the sixth time in his last nine starts, Darling left the game leading but failed to gain the victory.
''A lot of floor leadership depends on personal relationships,'' noted Mr. Lott.
QxR; 24 B-B4, the queen.
DIANA F. ACKERMAN Associate Professor of Philosophy Brown University Providence, R.I., Sept. 25, 1984
The work's Orientalisms, its microtonal swirls, its stomping dancing and swerving lines were, of course, expertly articulated.
''This is the Jewish barrio.
''No,'' Mr. Sharon answered, ''There is nothing about my visit or my conversation with the Gemayel family.''
A United States military official said that in addition to helping the provincial commander and giving leadership classes, the higher-ranking American officers based in the countryside provided ''a direct link'' to the United States Embassy on the quality of American equipment and training.
A report in 1981 on deprivation of care on handicapped or ill infants written by the chief of the Bureau of Health Systems Regulation at the State Department of Health Services, Thayer Baldwin, focused attention on the issue.
George C. Wallace of Alabama, a third-party candidate in the Presidential election, blamed both major political parties for betraying Eastern Europe through Yalta.
Many prosecutors are not swayed by Mr. Murray's argument.
''I would agree that the Soviet system is heavily autocratic - as Russia has been for centuries.
The leading Assembly sponsor of the tuition bill is John F. Duane, a freshman Democrat from Queens.
''Papillon'' can be taken simply as a colorful romp, and one that children might love.
The shields are meant to protect the trucks' gasoline tanks from high-speed crashes.
But Time insists that it has no evidence of anybody's buying big blocks of its stock.
The competitors are the Dettra Flag Company in Oaks, Pa.; the Valley Forge Flag Company of New York, and the Collegeville Flag and Manufacturing Company in Collegeville, Pa. Annin produces more than two million flags a year.
''Still, you have got to have a bit of narcissism to succeed.
The city's Mayor talks about diversifying the economy and attracting new industries, but so far his talk sounds mostly like wishful thinking.
Several deposed leaders have lived in Miami as exiles, most recently Gen. Anastasio Somoza Debayle of Nicaragua.
''The commission acted because the funeral transaction is unique because of the short time involved and because usually people are doing it for the first time,'' Mr. Rose said.
Chuck Levitt, a livestock analyst with Shearson Lehman/American Express in Chicago, said the market continued to be affected by strong immediate demand for bacon, which has caused storage numbers to dwindle.
-CONTROL experts with the Army Corps of Engineers say they have a foolproof plan to end flooding of the Passaic River Basin, but they still have to win basin-wide acceptance for their idea.
But Umpire Nick Bremigan ruled that he had trapped the ball, and Whitaker scored to give the Tigers their 10th victory in 11 games.
But the record sold poorly, and Miss Greenwich retreated back to jingle work.
The American Petroleum Institute yesterday reported a sharp drop in natural gas exploration during the quarter ended June 30.
An Analyst Changes View It may or may not have been coincidence, but the rebound in stock prices last week coincided with a bullish appraisal by John A. Mendelson, who now heads the market analysis group at Dean Witter Reynolds Inc.
The most ambitious work was Schubert's Introduction and Variations on a Theme from ''Die Sch"one M"ullerin''; but despite Mr. Galway's musicality and full tone, the flute's limited timbre never quite bore the weight of the composer's serious intent.
Killing Marijuana: The Justice Department's Drug Enforcement Administration will hold a hearing on the use of herbicides to eradicate marijuana.
Mr. Savage's comments yesterday came at the premiere of the latest films, designed to pep up corporate meetings.
This year will enhance the value of our older stocks.''
Set aside and keep warm.
''We're not a company na"ively rushing out to do good,'' said F. Peter Libassi, a Travelers senior vice president who will head the board of the foundation.
The court upheld the board, disagreeing with a finding on similar questions by another circuit court, although one of the three judges in the Slaughter case dissented.
Its profits have climbed every year since 1975.
Now tens of thousands more may be dying from starvation and related diseases; six million are in dire need of food.
In return, he asked Israel to recognize that Jordan is ''crucial to the peace process'' and therefore deserves new arms from America and a halt to West Bank settlements from Israel.
MONDALE: As a matter of fact we have a vast range of technology and weaponry right now that provides all the bargaining chips that we need, and I support the air launch cruise missile, ground launch cruise missile, Pershing missile, the Trident submarine, the D-5 submarine, the stealth technology, the Midgetman - we have a whole range of technology.
THOMAS J. MULLEN JR. Flemington
Hunt Jr.'s effort to unseat Senator Jesse A. Helms in North Carolina.
''I made a concerted effort on this particular record not to be so distant; if a song was capable of conveying emotion, I'd put that aspect right out front.''
Yesterday, employees who were working said the strike had cut ''peripheral'' services, such as visits from social workers and choices on the lunch menu.
Daniel Proett's evocative setting, with its rattan furniture and real sand in an island of isolation, and the technically efficient performances of Alan Brasington as the Englishman, partnered by the intense and assertive merrymaking of Jeffrey St. L. Anderson-Gunter, divert one from Mr. Walcott's pompous purposes.
The catalyst for the rebound, which left the Treasury note and bond market with modest losses of about 1/8 to 1/4 point, was a prediction of lower short-term interest rates by Henry Kaufman, chief economist at Salomon Brothers Inc.
''I liked Ernie,'' Bill Bowes says.
Without being unfilial, he seemed to recognize that, whatever the grief for Indira Gandhi and the ghastly way her life ended, India was not mourning the era called the Indira Raj that had suddenly come to an end.
There are gradations in color of rye flours, and the color of the finished loaf will depend on the one used.
This weekend, however, will bring three concerts that aren't likely to be repeated soon, even in New York.
A Healthy Rise for Retailing On paper, it doesn't look like startling progress - an expected 15 percent rise in profits this year for an industry that had a 25 percent gain in 1983.
''Once they knew where the money was kept, one of them would ask to be taken to the basement so he could make an inspection while the other would stay upstairs and take the money and whatever valuables he could find.''
'You'll never get into college and you'll be disappointed the rest of your life,' '' Mr. Bradley said the counselor had told him.
However, the company has said profits will rebound in the coming two quarters.
Although many of the demonstrations are organized by the Kairos Community, two to three times as many people who are not members of the group also often demonstrate at Riverside and are arrested.
Survivors include a sister, Mrs. Paula Rolin Larrabee, and a niece, Alice L. Snoo Sinton, both of Washington.
''That sort of puts little holes in what I'm trying to do in my personal life.
If the Fed were to ease credit, additional money would be circulated, possibly leading to new inflation.
The loft had been renovated by Michael S. Wu, a young architect.
A founder and first president of the American Printing History Association, Mr. Lieberman was a board member of the American Institute of Graphic Arts and the founder in the 1950's of the nationwide ''chappel'' movement, comprising clubs of small- press printers.
A Wide Range of Proposals The tax proposals range from a package of what are called tax-shelter ''loophole closers'' to curbs on tax breaks from tax-exempt entities' leasing deals.
Drawing on centuries of doctrine, it is not a sudden discovery of destitution nor a detailed blueprint for relief.
Measures Against Terrorism As for the new security measures against terrorrism, the summation of Mr. Weinberger's findings conceded that ''our current antiterrorist posture could be improved.''
The premiums have more than covered the corporation's expenses in most years and roughly half the premiums have been rebated to the banks.
As far as Mr. Dutt is concerned, the criticism is simply an extension of the continuous flow of barbs that Wall Street has been sending at him and his company.
We frequently receive questions about barley water, which is well known in England but not in the United States.
McDaniel has two major assets - experience at cornerback and familiarity with the Giants' defense.
Went to the service station and asked the man to snip it off.
In part, the Tory lead reflects Liberal disarray since the June departure of Pierre Elliott Trudeau, who had led the party since 1968.
So far, more than 10,000 executives in the last decade have gone overseas or helped small businesses in the United States in a volunteer capacity.
There are tax advantages to this and a major benefit is that, at best, it involves the enthusiasm of the employees and gives them a chance to participate in the profits from recovery.
Next-to-last graph of the USHIBA OBIT may be bitten.
''I think we all wish she had gotten the gold medal, but even to get to the Olympics is a great achievement.''
The heroic accomplishments of the struggle for black equality - still, for many of us, the best proof in our lives of the possibilities of human solidarity - swiftly disappeared from consciousness, and now the writers themselves remember other things.
Almost all of the 100 items were from his collection, and represented only a fraction of his holdings.
Although the theft involved millions of dollars, it was far from the largest robbery of an armored-car company.
But June, Mr. Lawrence adds, is ''not playtime.''
If the history of broadcasting has demonstrated anything, it is that creative decisions should be left to the truly creative people, not to the lawyers and salesmen who may control the purse strings.
At that time, dilution by vertical air mixing is at a minimum because of the absence of heating by the sun.
With the Roman Catholic Church acting as mediator, talks were carried out over a period of months in Mexico and Costa Rica to allow for a number of prisoner exchanges.
A few minutes later, Mike Klein and Richard Coatny walked over.
On Terrorism (1) The Heads of State and Government discussed the problem of international terrorism.
Then why has he shifted Dawson and Raines?
Mr. Julbes was portrayed by the prosecutor as ''a trusted adviser'' to Mr. Ramirez and as ''a conduit of information.''
Shops: Schiphol is noted for its duty-free shopping center.
Earlier this month, the Cairo daily Al Ahram reported that another Libyan ship had passed northward through the canal from the Red Sea on July 6.
Personal Computer AT, the giant's newest personal computer.
This season's specialties: gray wool suits with pants or skirts ($1,200 to $1,400), brightly colored cashmere sweaters ($500 to $800) and short, brightly colored silk dresses ($1,000 to $1,500).
Policy Termed Unacceptable Executives of various news organizations, including The New York Times, The Washington Post, The Wall Street Journal, Newsday, ABC News and CBS News, said the off-the-record policy was an unacceptable restraint on news- gathering and told their reporters not to accept the rule.
The calls came in as the police increased patrols in the subways and intensified their search for the gunman.
A court-martial began today for a 22- year-old Chicago marine who said his religious convictions had prevented him from accompanying his unit, which set out for Beirut but took part in the Grenada invasion before arriving in Lebanon.
''All the 'revolutionary' Russian avant-gardists were terrible.
Matter of Shame and Concern' It was,'' the general said, ''a matter of shame and concern that some of you forgot the oath of allegiance you took to this country of ours and chose to get instigated by the enemies of the land, both internal, and collectively did an act of disloyalty.''
That is why Mr. Jackson expected reporters covering his campaign who were also black to cover him as journalistic blacks.
As distant as a star.
Beyer, an East German, will also not be competing in Los Angeles.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
In 1950, Congress reduced the effective rate by providing for the rebate.
I've had better stuff before.''
Boston Fairly tight development controls have kept the market from getting overbuilt, and it is considered ''healthy'' with a good supply demand balance.
Maximum number in class: 15.
''I get a lot of kids that stop by to talk,'' he said.
Just what constitutes a rout in football?
Another oft-repeated line: ''I have to talk to you.''
In whatever direction Mr. Trudeau's elected replacement leads Canada, the policies and style are likely to be different from the mercurial personality who both enamored and enraged his countrymen, while defining Canada for the outside world.
The Student Loan Marketing Association said it would accept 2.9 million shares of the 21.5 million shares of voting stock that were tendered to it and would make a public offering of 2 million nonvoting shares through underwriters led by Goldman, Sachs & Company.
Near the border, he came down with dysentery after spending the night in a badly leaking tent.
It is a forbidding view of formal grief.
He also fumbled 3 times - all in the first half - but he recovered 2 of them.
The Chinese Government, apparently caught off guard, has been conspicuously silent.
He had been a prisoner for three years.
There are still adequate supplies of vaccines for diphtheria and tetanus, which are manufactured by several companies.
The other is Melvin Simon, chairman of Mel Simon & Associates of Indianapolis, who said that his company has made inquiries about Altman.
QUESTION: What are the three most common sticks used in the National Hockey League?
Harvey Murton Antiques Restored , 10 Cumberland Drive, Yonkers, N.Y. 10704, 914-BE-7-6840; Monday through Friday, 10 A.M. to 5 P.M. Harvey Murton, a retired art restorer who was with the Metropolitan Musuem of Art for 43 years, works from his home.
Those reasons will not change with projections.
Off to Best Start Last season, the Seahawks made the N.F.L.
The schedule, which was arranged before Jordan helped the United States Olympic team win a gold medal and before he showed his stunning abilities in the pros, does not include any Bulls' games.
''People tell me I look terrific,'' she added, ''and I feel like a certified grown- up.''
And today, from the Jersey shore to San Francisco Bay, economic expansion is carrying America forward.
Mr. Fisher, a media supervisor with Dancer Fitzgerald Sample Inc., a New York advertising agency, graduated from the Brunswick School and New England College.
Other callers claiming responsibility for the two bomb explosions used names such as the Arab Revolution, the Occident Commandos, the Occident Movement and Islamic Holy War.
*Rinse and spin or pat the lettuce leaves dry.
''One of the most important tasks before us is to develop an interest in personal computers among consumers,'' Dr. Velikhov of the Academy of Sciences wrote.
''We are committed to sustaining democracy,'' he added, ''but democracy gives us the right to fight to feed our families.''
''I have good passing shots, and she missed almost all her volleys.''
The bulk sale of the sale is of Italian 16th- and 17th- century books, covering cabala, Hallacha (the Jewish law), philosophy and the liturgy.
But they speak somewhat wistfully about Taiwan and Singapore, which have managed to export without the same level of political friction.
JWT Group yesterday reported record revenues and earnings for both the third quarter and nine months ended Sept. 30.
What can be done to help them?
Where there has been an understatement of income of 25 percent or more, the time limit stretches to six years.
In addition to the companies that bargained together in the operators association, the contract will apply to scores of independent companies that have signed agreements vowing to abide by the terms.
What is now known as Windsor Vineyards began in 1959 when Rodney Strong, a former broadway dancer and choreographer, and his wife, Charlotte, also a dancer, hung up their Capezios and opened a wine shop in Tiburon, a Greenwich Village- type hamlet in Marin County, on the north side of San Francisco Bay.
Preliminary figures published in the Congressional Record for July-September set the overall cost of lobbying at $7.41 million, 11 percent below the preliminary spending figure for the corresponding quarter of 1983, when the 98th Congress was less than halfway through its two-year session.
''We started renting as a service to our customers who had a computer in the shop for a repair,'' said Man Chin, a salesclerk at Village Computers, 687 Broadway,at West Third Street (212-254-9191).
There's a lot of jockeying and uncertainty about internal relationships - for example, what place is there for the ''Yuppies'' in such a coalition?
I'm a ballet choreographer; I'm a modern-dance choreographer, and now I'm an ice-dance choreographer, too.''
They knew it, according to the I.C.A.O., and Mr. Pearson says they were required to notify the civilian controller by a 1972 agreement between the Pentagon and the Federal Aviation Administration.
With the actual layout, the declarer could have succeeded by taking the diamond ace, cashing heart winners and drawing trumps.
Communist Influence Feared Journalists and others also express concern about the influence of Communists in the trade unions, in the civil service - made possible by widespread ''purges'' of right-wingers - and especially in the mass media, notably on the staff of Ethnos, the newspaper with the country's largest circulation, which often takes a pro-Soviet line.
Ernest Hemingway, Evelyn Waugh and F. Scott and Zelda Fitzgerald got drunk at Bricktop's, and the carrot- topped entertainer once threw out John Steinbeck for being ''ungentlemanly.''
Berry to Visit St. John's Rutledge said that Walter Berry, the 6-7 forward from San Jacinto College who had attended St. John's before the National Collegiate Athletic Association ruled him ineligible to play during the 1983-84 season, planned to leave for New York this morning to make his official visit to St. John's this week.
Manslaughter in the second degree carries a maximum penalty of 5 to 15 years in prison and, for a youthful offender under the age of 19, a minimum penalty of probation.
As a consequence, Frontier's average pension fund account was up only about 12 percent for the full year, Mr. Wimberley said.
The relief crew thus faltered for the second straight game.
Whatever Ballet Hispanico is, it is always full of vitality.
The disagreement is only a question of time.
Under the right of first refusal, a team has 15 days to match any offer made to one of its free agents.
''You have a special technique,'' Scooter LaCouter said, retrieving my ski, my hat, my goggles.
I wanted to succeed on a practical level and provide some valuable data for the railroad industry in general.''
His team won the national championship of the Stan Musial Division of the American Baseball Congress.
Now it's up to the City Council to issue restrictions that will decongest but preserve dining a la cart.
The new retirement-savings plan provides for a company retirement contribution of 4 percent of the employee's salary and allows employees to make additional contributions of up to 16 percent of their salaries, Mr. Wood said.
The information number is 431-1590.
(Television - ESPN, 6 P.M.) U.S. Senior Women's Grass-Court Championships, 40's, 50's and 60's, final day, at West Side Tennis Club, Forest Hills.
A California Standard spokesman said, ''We don't comment on rumors of mergers and acquisitions, even if we know them to be untrue.''
The rate is $35 a person a night in double or single rooms, many with private bath; seven-night minimum stay.
The only question is: Who will foot the bill?
If they missed the harvest season, that meant a year's delay.
Kleber goes to Columbia University and, beginning his career on a Houston newspaper, becomes a prize-winning journalist.
Carlos Mamede of Portugal, a 10,000-meter finalist at the Olympics, then took the lead but he, too, was unable to reach the finish as crowds swarmed onto the road.
The Senator, who is a member of the Foreign Relations Committee, said, ''I'll bet you a dollar that if you call George Shultz he will not make the same statement made by those people.''
The cutbacks were a deep financial and psychological blow, shattering the bedrock of faith provided by the company's history of stability and tradition of paternalism.
''It's just stupendous,'' says Bess Myerson, the Cultural Affairs Commissioner.
Factors that tend to moderate price increase in other sectors of the economy do not exist in the health care system.
George Brett, who has a career average of .316 and hit .333 in exhibition games this spring, will be out six to eight weeks with a partial tear of a ligament in his left knee, the Kansas City Royals said today.
Admission: $2; students and over-65's, $1; under-12's, free.
Tim Raines, who singled against Rijo, said he has a ''major league fastball,'' and Andre Dawson, who struck out and singled, called him ''sneaky fast'' and said he threw him an ''excellent slider.''
He hit his home run in the fifth inning, after Willie Randolph and Bobby Meacham had led off with singles.
But I'm glad we got stuck in traffic coming into Manhattan because it gave me time to absorb the skyline.
Eight of those arrested are to be arraigned Feb. 29 in Santa Clara County.
Richard A. Snelling commutes 45 miles from Burlington.
Top with garlic, thyme, salt and pepper and remaining tablespoon of duck fat or butter.
''I was hampered by a bad sinus condition when I ran here last year,'' she said.
MEL A. TOPF Bristol, R.I., July 30, 1984
There can be concern that this alleviating process will proceed too rapidly, place an undue burden on the economy that supports it, have too repressive an effect on the motivation of the people who shelter under it and be self-defeating.
An Unsettling Incident According to the police, the last words of the victim, Charles O. Howard, were, ''No!
A rating point represents 1 percent of the country's 84.9 million households with television sets.
Three days after the general election, candidates in three Congressional districts were still waiting today for an official declaration of a winner.
''Then I found out the high esteem that landlords are held in in the community.''
Providentially, the best lunch in the city is to be had for $7 a person in the cathedral undercroft (tart cucumber soup, quiches, fresh salads and an exemplary trifle most days).
Dr. Longino called the Marans effort a ''ground breaker'' and added, ''There is nothing better in the country today that defines how and where older citizens live.
I found it listed, oddly enough, in a British source, ''Food of the Western World'' (Times Books, 1976) by Theodora FitzGibbon.
Coziness and comfort, which the 18th century sorely lacked, was exactly what the Victorians craved.
If the official tally confirms the close victory reported for Mr. Gray it would help make Illinois one of the most profitable states for the Democrats in Congressional and Senate elections.
And I wasn't used to playing football for more than 20 weeks.
She said Mr. Reagan had tried to reduce environmental protection to ease regulatory burdens on industry and to speed the transfer of public resources to private interests.
''With certain institutions, you feel the influence of them.
Economic problems with the United States should be resolved politically at the highest level, he said.
In the middle of the infield, another question looms.
The two-week Christmas vacation period traditionally has been a time of intense competition for the studios, trailing only the summer vacation season in importance.
A brochure about workshops can be obtained by writing the institute at Big Sur, California 93920.
Miss Weishoff again was instrumental in the 9-point surge with two blocks and two spikes off sets by Debbie Green.
But for nine men aged 18 to 33 who had just completed a course for carpenters in the restoration of old houses, there was elation.
Herron, who snapped a personal four-game losing streak, foiled Hartford's Tony Currie on a penalty shot with 2:23 left in the period.
''But the Giants were in their goal-line defense.''
The magnificence of Mr. Coutard's photography in ''Le Crabe Tambour'' is reason enough to see the film, even if one might find its politics inscrutable or, as Elliott Stein says in some invaluable ''footnotes'' prepared for the Public Theater presentation, ''out-of-date.''
''The Story of Piera,'' in which she co-stars with Marcello Mastroianni and Isabelle Huppert, remains one of Miss Schygulla's own favorite films, but its rewards aren't readily seen by someone who wasn't on the set while it was being made.
Employees say he is likable, but his lack of knowledge in the film business could lead to major misjudgments there.
British consumer spending rose five- tenths of 1 percent in the third quarter, seasonally adjusted, the Central Statistical Office said today.
Beyond that, his past is invisible.
The rules under which correspondents reported in Vietnam were widely accepted, according to reporters who covered that war.
Each area had the program for several months, Mr. Whitfield said, but failed to show sufficient improvement.
Costa Rica denies the charge.
While Senate Republicans are talking about cutting taxes this election year, the Assembly Speaker, Stanley Fink, said he would support a tax increase if necessary to improve ''the delivery of pedagogical services.''
The weary adversaries held serve to force the match to a tiebreaker, when Dickson jumped to a 4-1 lead.
Such figures, respectable by the standards of Western democracies, would have been regarded as shameful and scandalous in Poland or any Eastern bloc country up until this election.
''There was absolutely no pressure on him to resign,'' Mr. Morgan said.
Royals 6, Red Sox 2 BOSTON (AP) - Willie Wilson had four consecutive hits and scored three times, Lynn Jones drove in three runs and Darryl Motley belted a two-run homer to power the Kansas City victory.
Building Occidental into a $19 billion company has been a major effort and Mr. Hammer never relaxed his iron grip.
This sentiment was evident in a letter that Herbert Sturz, chairman of the City Planning Commission, wrote to the appeals board stating that the Milstein proposal was directly counter to the city's aim of maintaining a low scale on East and West Side midblocks.
The advertisements do not seek contributions but conclude, ''Vote Democratic.''
New York has been frequently hailed by wine writers as the wine capital of the world.
The Suns maintained that margin, leading by 100-95 with 4:40 left when the reserve guard Kyle Macy scored on a lay-in.
Among choice items: the new gauze clothing, including a pink cotton gauze shirtdress, $84; a jumpsuit made of mattress ticking, $116, and the best exercise suits around, sleek, black and with laced backs, $90.
Congress should not approve funds for El Salvador that will further the forced service of underage youths.
''The typical Taiwanese worker doesn't spend a lot in the Fremont McDonald's.''
In the early days of high fidelity, tone controls tended to be quite primitive, and their circuits induced measurable distortion.
And she surprised the 29-year-old American with deft lobs the few times Mrs. Lloyd went to the net.
Last winter, when Mr. Nakasone became the first postwar Japanese Prime Minister to visit South Korea, he took along a $4 billion package of loans and cheap yen credits.
He estimated that his agency had handled 5,000 calls since Thursday.
Lately they have shown cold hostility toward U.S. diplomats seeking to reopen simple contacts.
'New Province on National Map' As a result, the corridor is becoming what Suzanne Keller, a Princeton sociologist, calls ''a new province on the national map.''
The fear is that the weakest links in the economic hierarchy, the middle- and low-income individual, would be forced to pay the highest prices.
U.S. Rejects the Charges WASHINGTON, Dec. 11 - The Administration today rejected Ethiopian Government assertions that the West was lax in getting famine relief supplies to the country.
Originally the ceiling was aluminum and everything was white.
He took part in the organization of the military government of Germany in 1945, served as a legal adviser to Secretary of State John Foster Dulles in President Eisenhower's first Administration, and was chairman of the 1959 Antarctica Conference, which drafted a treaty prohibiting use of Antarctica for military purposes.
Judy Rasmuson's lighting delivers Mr. Pinter's bleak coda, in which the past finally surges and recedes over the present like a huge white wave - only to leave the characters forever alone, in the dark.
His warning was based on recently released fourth-quarter 1983 earnings for the Standard & Poor's 500, which were less than expected.
He hopes to receive an Urban Development Action Grant of $15,000 a unit through the New York City Housing Partnership.
But some Democrats are concerned that because he will be new as chairman he will not be a match for his Senate counterpart, Pete V. Domenici, Republican of New Mexico, who has been budget chairman since 1981.
That became the basis of his written footnote warning of the danger of a Marxist-Leninist takeover in El Salvador, other commission members said.
Mr. Baryshnikov had long been reported to be unhappy in the job, and had offered his resignation on Sept. 15, 1983, in disagreement over conditions he believed the board wanted to impose on his artistic decisions.
The 32-year-old Miss Stalman made her longest throw, 233 feet 8 inches, on her fifth attempt.
The head of the union asked that a review of the airline's safety record be turned over to a special panel at another agency.
This time, the Republicans are hoping to win the seat with a white male candidate opposing Mrs. Patton.
Perhaps he might have begun with sex and its relation to insomnia.
The cost of reformulating Pepsi's low-calorie products, plus the high cost of promotion and advertising, may squeeze the company's margins in coming quarters, analysts said.
Their ''American Pattern'' was a portrait of a neurotic middle-class woman.
He is in a train.'')
''We have been asked repeatedly by those whose positions and convictions we respect not to let the whole Irish cause and the Irish problem be seen merely as a restraint of violence on the part of the Provisional I.R.A.
''This has been a good national win for me.''
''I feel funny every time I see that,'' he said with a shrug.
Make a spread of ch evre, chopped smoked salmon and dill moistened with a little lemon.
''I told Kim's roommate first,'' he said.
Judge Charles Stewart of United States District Court in Manhattan decided the case in favor of the board in December last year, supporting its contention that the placement of the cr eche on public property constituted an unacceptable level of involvement between church and state.
Manhattan's biggest lead was 60-47 with 8:47 to go.
The piercing arrowlike sculpture ''Through the Sound Barrier'' by Asmundur Sviensson is made of copper molded over steel rods.
Average motion along the entire fault over the centuries appears to be 1.4 inches a year.
Experts feel that the problem, far from having abated, may have become more serious.
He sets forth major points of historical development, but seldom sifts, analyzes, questions.
THERE are nice little programs on television, not catering to the many, but devoted to the few.
Dart Drug Corp. of Landover, Md., said it had signed an agreement covering a previously announced buyout of its drugstore division by a management group of the unit for about $160 million.
Judge Adrian Duplantier of Federal District Court in New Orleans asked to see a transcript of the ''60 Minutes'' report before it was broadcast and CBS refused.
The bride graduated from Princeton, from which she also received a Master of Fine Arts degree in music and where her father is professor of civil engineering.
''I never concerned myself with an individual as much as I did with him,'' says Dick Vermeil, the former coach of the Philadelphia Eagles, one of the Giants' Eastern Division rivals.
Edward J. Kuriansky, the deputy state attorney general for medicaid fraud who led the grand jury investigation, said the ''shocking abuses'' at the hospital underscored the ''urgent need'' for state regulations.
Are environmental concerns inapplicable to Canada?
Bank Has Many Big Depositors If the bank run persists, therefore, the Government would supply the cash needed to meet depositors' demands, a Government promise that seems to have no parallel.
The trial in the cases began in Cincinnati June 11.
To wit: - Those entering teacher-training programs have less academic ability and poorer training than their predecessors; - Teachers currently in the profession are looking for alternate, better- paying jobs; - Teachers everywhere are depressed and demoralized by the public's disrespectful, often disdainful attitude toward them.
Each small building holds dining rooms of varying sizes, where guests sit on the floor.
The workers, who last April re-elected Miss Turner to the $47,000-a-year presidency, say she is sensitive and responsive both to the workers and to the hopitals and nursing homes that employ them.
WITH no help, certainly, from Herman Melville, eight fifth-graders from the Parker School in Hackensack created a final chapter to ''Moby Dick,'' his classic about the White Whale, that made them the champions of their age group in the ''Olympics of the Mind,'' contest earlier this month in Akron, Ohio.
Mr. and Mrs. Richard E. Holtzman of New Canaan, Conn., have announced the engagement of their daughter, Cynthia Holtzman, to Thomas F. List 2d, the son of Mr. and Mrs. Thomas F. List of New York and Southampton, L.I.
Just before the American invasion of Sicily, the Germans planted a phony order-of-battle map.
''There is a feeling now that tax reductions are possible,'' he said.
''President Reagan did not abuse his power since it would be easy for him to find a job for his son if he wanted to,'' Mr. Chen said.
In articles published today in London newspapers, the writers, V. S. Naipaul and Salman Rushdie, expressed opposing views about Mrs. Gandhi.
b-Preferred dividend requirements exceeded net income c-Net loss.
The man had ''stopped his car'' and ''didn't know the pier was there,'' Sergeant Rath said.
But that's all I remember.
The dredging of the surrounding moat has had a more practical purpose.
For the first six months of 1984, the margins were 25 percent, compared with 24.5 percent.
The commission is scheduled to consider letting the plant go back into operation at a meeting next week and is said to be sharply divided.
The first-quarter results were announced at Penney's annual meeting of stockholders here.
''We continue to urge Iran and Iraq to seek peaceful resolution of the problem,'' he said, adding that the United States was talking to a number of its allies.
The closely held carrier, which is based in Fort Lauderdale, Fla., wanted the 727-200 planes to increase flights during the busy winter schedule.
To check any flight, officials are taking steps to combat what they see as an unfair evaluation of their schools.
And soon after he arrived here, he met individually with all the seminarians and priests in the diocese.
Share earnings are fully diluted.
Once Gretzky got his first assist to extend his streak, the fans booed less and less.
And these greatly diminished differences are aside from the fact that our welfare depends on the economic and political well-being of our allies.
He was discharged a lieutenant colonel.
And fortunes do get dissipated in time.
Of course, as contrarians believe, the consensus opinion is often wrong - and a sustained rally may in fact have begun.
No one has the right to disrupt what has not really become a pillar of international law, but was born of innumerable sacrifices of the last world war.
So far, Mox has been used only experimentally.
that helped Eisenhower's amateurs rout Taft's professionals in 1952, but the Hart campaign failed to seize the issue.
International Michele Sindona's bank fraud trial began in Italy.
They should keep expanding the public service jobs.''
State Guarantee Sought Earlier this month, Gov.
The exhibit, ''The Struggle for Equal Rights,'' marks what Patti Carr Black, the museum's director, describes as the single most important event for Mississippi in the 20th century.
The banks have agreed to charge only one-eighth of a percentage point above the prevailing international lending rate of about 11 percent on their portion of the loan.
Then, from GS-11 to GS-15 are about 500,000 middle managers and, below them, everybody else.
In her light burbling inventions around ''My Funny Valentine,'' she displayed a gaiety and sweetness that more than matched the harder music in its depth of feeling.
Six months later, the figures began to climb again.
The action ''is in keeping with the company's efforts to maintain standards of prudent fiscal management,'' William J. Popejoy, Financial's chairman and chief executive, said in a statement.
We're all going to vote our pocketbook.''
Depending on the warranty, you may decide to replace it or have it repaired.
In the past two years, Mr. Pierce and other officers of his company sought funds from many sources, and the key was a $609,000 low-interest loan from the Federal department, That was a year ago, and the company chose Eastport for its base because the waters off the city's coast are perfect for salmon.
Despite poor relations between the United States and Libya, the British office of Brown & Root Inc., a Houston- based engineering company, has a $100 million contract for project management and preliminary engineering.
78 AUBURN, Ala. (AP) - Chuck Person, who leads the conference in scoring, made a field goal and 4 consecutive free throws in the final 40 seconds to insure the victory in the Southeastern Conference game.
They say the prevailing feeling in the industry is that, once applications are approved, companies would be forced to press ahead with consumer bank ventures.
The McDonnell Douglas Corporation said today that its earnings jumped 35.6 percent in the fourth quarter and revenues rose 6.7 percent.
In this case he has tried to update ''Love's Labor's Lost,'' but has succeeded only in unmooring it - and in nearly obliterating the poetry.
The silver fox shawl Ullanda McCullough bought in a fit of extravagance was a bit much, even for a rock singer, and she tired of it quickly.
Envoy Staying Home for Now There appear to be no plans for the special Middle East envoy, Donald Rumsfeld, to return to the Middle East.
''The act says that the remedy is against a union and bars the collection of dues,'' he said.
and its former dean of academic affairs.
Eventually, Amarnath becomes chief minister of his state.
The closest thing to this in American painting is the Abstract Expressionism of Philip Guston, and that's not too close; in the European tradition, Karel Appel comes to mind in the sheer attack of the paint.
I trust, M, that she is a large, juicy knockout of a mole who spends a lot of time snorkeling in Barbados.
A female figure steps out from inside.
It also cited lawyers' ''haphazard, passive'' attitude toward clients, and cases in which children charged with crimes were not informed of their rights.
He was found dead by his aunt in a cottage outside Belgrade a week later.
Mayor Fromberg, a past international vice president of B'nai B'rith, said, ''Oh God, I don't believe this!''
The vision now seems more ambiguous.
Finally, the company itself must be an active business; it can't simply collect rents or dividends.
Captives Are Called Saboteurs A Syrian military spokesman in Damascus described the three Israelis as saboteurs.
What makes you so sure?
Two weeks ago the Security Pacific Corporation of Los Angeles announced that it would ask Federal regulators for permission to operate a network of non-bank banks in at least 15 states in the South and Southwest.
The report said the smuggling of marijuana and cocaine involving tens of millions of dollars in illicit payments was continuing unabated throughout the 700 islands of the Bahamas, and had created a climate among the former British subjects ''in which moral questions have been swamped by material considerations.''
He added that the strong upturn in automobile sales during the first 10 days of January, which was also reported yesterday, supported his thesis that the economy was stronger than many believed.
The problem is, beyond the surface there doesn't seem to be much substance.
By the week's end, the rebels and the Government appeared ready to talk and fight at the same time in a contest of their political resolve and their military strength.
Although the Japanese have made small trucks for two decades or more, General Motors, Ford and Chrysler did not get into the game until the early 1980's, after West Coast students discovered that the vehicles were perfect for toting surfboards and scuba gear.
'Realistic' Relations Mr. Botha spoke in detail about South Africa's security problems with its neighbors and the difficulties posed by the presence of Cuban and Soviet advisors in Angola and South-West Africa, or Namibia, the spokesman said.
Officially, Washington still says that such a meeting should only be held if there is assurance of some substantive results.
We consider the device pretty dangerous and are treating it very gingerly,'' he said.
MR. MONDALE: I saw that vote, but I've never mentioned it.
Many of the political prisoners, people whose crime was that the Government did not think they were loyal, refused to wear the same dark gray uniforms as the thieves, murderers and other criminals in the prison, Mr. Noble said.
Their best prep races are of higher quality than in many seasons, but many of them have shown little consistency and others are in questionable physical condition.
''You've got to come back to the company later, and it's real tough if you have worn out your welcome.''
School officials here have failed more than 11 percent of this year's kindergartners and are requiring them to attend summer school before they can go on to first grade.
The company's staff of about 20 includes Mr. Leibner's wife, the former Carole Cooper, who handles local newscasters.
It squeezed in between two freight trains on a siding at the Amtrak station, and soon opened its door to a steady stream of schoolchildren and adults who came to view the paintings and sculpture inside the four cars.
There was no room for the director who remained in the dining room watching the scene on a television monitor.
For most Brazilians, then, ''austerity'' - the standard medicine prescribed by the I.M.F.
Whether the appointment suggested that Mr. Chernenko had been tapped to succeed Mr. Andropov, or whether it was given him on the strength of his position as the second-ranking secretary, was likely to become clear only when the Central Committee named a new General Secretary.
Her father is vice president of marketing of Charmilles Technologies, the American subsidiary in Hauppauge, L.I., of George Fisher Ltd., a machine tool manufacturer in Geneva.
School employees are not required to undergo the examination, but recently the board president said he wanted school officials to volunteer for them.
He marries, opens a bar and settles into a life of vague dissatisfaction, plagued by his regret over the stardom he never achieved.
The official directing the antiterrorist campaign, Brig.
Mr. Parker was best man for his son.
Fromm Report The Fromm Music Foundation, located at Harvard University and active in the support of contemporary music, has become increasingly more diversified.
eagan is about to be re-elected, he will be only the third President to win two terms since passage of the 22d Amendment in 1951 limited Presidents to eight years in office.
A cornerstone of Mr. Perlmutter's analysis placing the territories forever in the hands of Eretz Israel is that the sheer number of settlements and their strategic placement make their return a possibility only in the minds of Shimon Peres and his allies.
In 1980, for example, the agency spent $639,000 on privacy matters.
Replacing with a new one, or one that you know works properly, is the surest way to determine this.
Initiation Fee Doubled The 22,000-volume military library, said to be one of the best in the world after that of the Library of Congress, has already been sent to storage, and members and their wives were busy last week in the top-floor ballroom picking over discarded lamps and beds.
* Metromedia Inc. said its acquisition by a private investor group had been completed.
The Russians, he said, ''use terrorist groups for their own purposes, and their goal is always the same: to weaken liberal democracy and undermine world stability.''
The Cast THE PRINCESS, directed by Pal Erdoss; written (in Hungarian with English subtitles) by Istvan Kardos; cinematography by Lajos Koltai, Ferenc Pap and Gabor Szabo; produced by Mafilm, Tarsulas Studio; presented by the Film Society of Lincoln Center and the Department of Film of the Museum of Modern Art.
Sears's sales rose 3.1 percent, K Mart posted a 16.7 percent increase and Penney gained 5.7 percent.
If Mr. Reagan holds to the promise of his announcement in the White House Rose Garden Thursday, he has committed himself to a welcome and overdue change of course.
It's mainly of interest to critics, who loot it for embryonic sketches of later, major Chekhov characters (Ivanov, Ranaveskya, Astrov) and themes (the stultification of provincial life, and so on).
A Roman Catholic nun announced today that she had resigned from the Sisters of Mercy to run for Attorney General.
President Reagan has always understood that peace is of such overriding importance that we cannot abandon our pursuit of greater stability and security in Europe through negotiations.
If the visual details work here, the play does not.
Tomorrow will provide a rare opportunity to see ''The Godfather'' and ''The Godfather, Part II'' in one sitting.
A crowd of 1,500 people described by the Government as Moslem extremists rampaged through Jakarta's port, burning down three shops and stoning a police station and a Protestant church.
His next projected opponent, Kevin Curren, defaulted with an injury and Green upset the seeded player in McEnroe's section, Joan Aguilera of Spain.
Mr. Butler and others noted that the Council on Environmental Quality, which issued the report that Mr. Reagan signed today, had a staff of 60 people under Presidents Nixon, Ford and Carter.
Nor do they generate the same level of interest when offered in classified newspaper advertisements.
Those whose names do not appear cannot vote.
The negative comments are prominent enough to have made Mr. Mondale's staff members ''very defensive and not anxious to hear a lot of criticism.''
They were prevented from taking office by the military, which defeated Mr. Duarte in a contested election and exiled both of them from the country.
But in practice the customer simply buys his drink and pays for it, thus ''liquor-by-the-wink.''
The Astor Hotel, at 44th and Broadway, was home to prominent performers such as Jimmy Durante and a place where a young lad could linger over a Coke with his girlfriend for a couple of hours.
In Albany, Mr. Gaskell said taxpayers would benefit from the training courses.
According to Bonnie Hagerman of the International Management Group in Cleveland, Miss Jaeger hopes to compete in the demonstration tournament at the Olympics in August and in the United States Open in September.
Rasmussen made a good effort to get Singleton at the plate, but his throw was hurried and Mike O'Berry couldn't handle it.
The Investigation Commissioner, Patrick W. McGinley, said yesterday that the inquiry would continue.
'' ''When you see community pillars like Elmer go,'' said Norman Marsh, another farmer, ''everybody starts wondering about himself.
The bread pudding with whisky sauce ($2.50) is moist and thoroughly besotted.
While Hispanic immigrants often seek out blue-collar work, Asians tend to choose service and retailing work.
He is 32, single and having a great time.
People who are out of work or who don't earn very much cannot afford three or four cars.
leaders were needed on whether to remove any of the significant economic sanctions in response to the amnesty.
Kasparov's plan of reducing material on the queenside with 17 .
It halted work on the Marble Hill plant last year, saying it did not have adequate financing to go forward.
Hoping to rally support to its ranks, the Sikh party, known as the Akali Dal, or Party of the Servitors of the Timeless God, began a campaign of civil disobedience in 1982 with the stated goal of Punjabi autonomy.
Another part of me said if the others run 2:09, I run faster.
As a result, banks selling certificates of deposit to obtain lendable funds had to pay depositors higher interest.
The Peruvian Government said today that its police destroyed 44 secret airports, dismantled 45 cocaine processing factories and captured 47 people in raids on a smuggling ring operating in the nation's northeastern jungles.
Discussing the problems pertinent to college students, Dr. Robert Berson, a psychologist who is president- elect of the Metropolitan College Mental Health Association, said: ''Defining themselves can be difficult, especially for women who still grapple with the issues of career and home.
Phalangist fighters control the area from Beirut north nearly to the port of Tripoli.
The cafe's menu today included brie in pastry with sliced apples, smoked trout and scrod orientale, a variation on the fish Boston made famous, broiled baby cod with sliced mushrooms and scallions, served on rice with an orange honey sauce.
In an interview today President Reagan spoke against the proposal.
You are right when you say that ''the whopping total of nearly $5 billion is reason enough for the five New York utilities that share in its ownership to regret building Nine Mile 2. .
With uniformity and mediocrity pressing in on music from so many directions, this may indeed be a ripe moment to re-emphasize the individual performer's right to interpretative freedom, within reason.
After the pinch-hitter, Garry Hancock, bounced into a force-out, Henderson hit his eighth homer of the year, just barely out of the reach of the left fielder, Gary Ward.
If it hadn't been for Hrudey, who finished with 47 saves, it could have been an embarrassing defeat for the Islanders.
She was wearing a pink apron, standing next to the pink refrigerator, and working on top of the pink Formica.
What Election Is About This election is not about the size of my opponent's crowds.
And Uri Barbash's ''Beyond the Walls,'' an Israeli film in which Palestinian and Israeli prisoners in one of Israel's jails unite during a prison uprising, drew comment for its willingness to treat an enormously sensitive theme.
His hands were strapped behind his back with a military issue belt, and a note pinned to his clothing said he had been ''executed'' for ''crimes by the United States Army against the people of the world.''
Potter Stewart, now retired as Associate Justice of the Supreme Court, points out that political parties are ''voluntary associations,'' protected by the First Amendment.
The rag is now ready to use.
Then, of course, there are the inevitable personal details intended to stir audience identification.
''This is the new Jesse Jackson,'' said William Youngblood, the Democratic chairman in South Carolina.
There is a sense of pride in the Burmese delegation that it has sent athletes to every Summer Games but one since Burma gained its independence in 1948.
This state has tons of consumer protection.''
I can relate to him, because I was an inside-out hitter myself when I was young.''
The play would have been relatively easy if South had chosen to duck the opening spade lead, but he had to take his ace for fear that there was a singleton on his right.
Overall, about one-fourth of the enrollment in the diocesan schools is non-Catholic.
John T. Dolan, chairman of the committee, filed suit in December 1981, The suit said a conspiracy among television and radio stations and Democratic Congressional members, campaign committees and party officials prevented broadcasting of the group's advertisments critical of the voting records of the congressmen.
But no one would call Washington diverse or politically complex.
A high State Department official said Monday in private that Dutch refusal to accept deployment, although of minor signficance by itself, could stimulate antinuclear movements in Britain, Italy and West Germany - where deployment has begun - to curb or limit future deployments.
At stations, men and women with buckets and barrels stood in long lines, day and night.
For this viewer, ''Torse,'' or the sections of it that are presented independently as in this case, is too turned in upon itself as a technical and conceptual exercise to sustain interest.
Nevada-Las Vegas 30 Toledo 13 FRESNO, Calif., (AP) - Randall Cunningham passed for two touchdowns and ran for a third score to lead Nevada-Las Vegas (11-2) in the California Bowl.
Learning this is overwhelming at times.''
In the estimation of social workers, many of these young women need someone to care for and control, in a life frequently out of control.
This event requires an exquisite combination of speed and balance with errors resulting in spectacular flips, crashes and splashes.
After convincing her class that fish cannot live in water with less than four parts of oxygen per million, Miss Sears and her students performed a hands-on chemistry experiment to see just how much oxygen was in the water off the Palisades.
This time there appears to be no organized opposition, mainly because initial construction involved building on vacant or abandoned land and little displacement of residents.
Mr. Gray has a predilection for creating mythologies, though in his best work the narrative takes charge and creates its own sense of purpose.
He and his mother, Eileen Errico, took the bar to the Elmont station house of the Nassau County police.
This year Texas Instruments and Georgia Pacific also hired her.
Victoria's Attorney General, Jim Kennan, said that in the future couples from in vitro fertilization programs in the state would have to indicate what should be done with frozen embryos in the event of their death or separation.
While Penn Central would realize a profit of nearly $50 million on its investment, Mesa would pay $130 million less in taxes because of the complex deal, an analyst said.
In an interview last year, she said she borrowed $130,000 from her husband and children to finance the campaign.
The failure rate of black candidates, he says, is high because most of them come from poor families.
Citicorp has been at the forefront of the efforts.
Mr. Chernenko has been unseen and largely unheard in public since he left for vacation in the south on July 15, and rumors have begun circulating in Moscow that he returned for medical treatment in early August.
A short, pudgy figure dressed generally in rumpled black, he seemed the antithesis of the establishment.
A middle-income family spends about 54 percent more on an only child than a similar family with three children spends per child, the study said on the basis of 1981 data.
For example, the Federal Trade Commission, now controlled by Reagan appointees, recently offered its speedy blessing to the $10 billion acquisition of Getty Oil by Texaco.
His peers, having digested an enormous amount of evidence, were confident he was guilty.
''What he was saying was that we're not enemies,'' Mr. Cuomo said.
On Jan. 20, an article of modest length appeared in this newspaper that discussed the many restaurants in this city that do not have liquor licenses but do allow patrons to bring in their own wine and other alcoholic beverages.
''Ecuador has made progress in its renegotiations with private commercial banks, and interest is being paid currently as a condition for final settlement,'' he said.
General Meyer says he wanted ''to balance my youth with his experience.''
Players who have moved to the younger league from the older have always waited for their agreements to end.
"None of this is really anybody's business but mine," he said.
The Columbia College reunion material referred to the return of the Silver Lions, silver indicating our anniversary year.
Also in February, a new script by Constance Congdon, Hartford Stage's Playwright-in-Residence, will be developed.
The Teheran radio also quoted Iran's leader, Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, as promising more humiliation for the United States at the hands of Iran.
IT WAS THE NIGHTINGALE, by Ford Madox Ford.
Using a fork, toss the mixture while adding just enough water so that the pastry holds together and can be shaped into a ball.
Ozone, he said, is is the only major pollutant ''we have not been able to get under control.''
In a rental building, the responsible person is the landlord, his superintendent or his agent; in a cooperative or condominium, it is a board officer, the manager or the board's agent.
But the price could turn out to be cheap if Halo continues to sire horses anything like Devil's Bag, who was syndicated two months ago for $36 million.
''I knew the game would be decided by which bench contributed more,'' Anders said, ''but we didn't even use ours.
Perhaps the President's newly conciliatory tone will finally yield diplomatic accords in 1985.
What I suppose is surprising is why The New York Times Magazine, even in its current neo-conservative incarnation, should have published such a piece of work.
Mr. Oberman said: ''I thought that was an absolute outrage.
An Administration official said it was decided, as a result, that Mr. Reagan would sound a more conciliatory note at his news conference.
Wildcat, on Route 16 in Pinkham Notch, often offers skiing well into spring, because of the area's elevation and north-facing exposure, (Lifts on Saturdays and holidays, $18 and $13; other days, $15 and $11, $2 more for use of gondola; 603 466-3326.)
Who made this remark and what were the circumstances?
And he has come to his conclusion thoughtfully, slowly and even reluctantly.
''This doesn't endear your commercial to blacks,'' the ad continues.
Letters for publication must include the writer's name, address and telephone number, where the writer may be reached during the business day, and should be addressed to The Editor, Travel Section, The New York Times, 229 West 43d Street, New York, N.Y. 10036.
Mr. McAninch said he proved the effectiveness of the slanted fence in an experiment at the Rachelwood Wildlife Preserve in Ligonier, Pa., east of Pittsburgh.
The takeover was engineered to prevent disruption of the London Gold Market, where a subsidiary of Johnson Matthey (Banking) Ltd. is one of the five traders that set prices as a reference point for the international bullion trade.
He had worked for the department for more than 20 years.
The acquisition had been strongly opposed by the barge industry and some shippers, including the coal industry, which argued that it threatens to give monopoly powers to the railroad.
It assumed, without deciding, that the statement was one of fact, rather than opinion, and that it was false.
settled a dispute involving a ban on spectators' wearing political, promotional or advertising material at Olympic events.
''We're considerate of each other and we don't pry,'' Mr. Callaghan said.
Indifferent to a concerted assault on open government, the Attorney General permitted zealots to forge ahead with plans for censorship, lie detectors and constricting the Freedom of Information Act.
Shipments, which represent completed sales, rose 30 percent in May from their April level and 51 percent from a year earlier, to $205.7 million.
BFThe number of individual ordinary-life insurance policies sold this year could rise 7 percent over the 9.8 million policies sold in 1983.
Mr. Dole's chief lawyer, Stephen E. Kaufman, is not unmindful of the problem.
The Mayor said the shredded records were the results of polls from previous elections.
She said that often pilots used the Lincoln Park Airport to practice landing and taking off.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Surviving are his wife, Beatrice Heffron Bernhard; three daughters, Ann, Jean Lusse and Mary Happel; a son, Dr. Joel A. Bernhard Jr.; a sister, Louise, and four grandchildren.
It's going to be tight.''
That means that the kid pulling your pants leg today will bear children who can expect to live to 150.
It's a technique used by magicians over the ages, but the company stresses that the aim is not to trick, but to enhance a story.
The Vice-Presidential candidiate also said that she believed then and now that she is entitled to claim an exemption and not report to Congress the finances of her husband.
The dawn of six former Olympic medal winners broke with the flash of Pernell Whitaker, the fury of Meldrick Taylor, the cool of Mark Breland, the glare of Evander Holyfield, the cloudiness of Tyrell Biggs and the glow of Virgil Hill - the new names boxing desperately needs with Larry Holmes approaching the sunset as heavyweight champion, with Marvelous Marvin Hagler and Thomas Hearns the only gladiators awaiting a high noon middleweight title bout.
From these, 32 finally got to be in the book.''
His approach to fitness is athletic and male-oriented.
An immediate diamond finesse would be foolish, but in case the club suit does not behave, he needs to preserve a diamond option.
Though driven by ''cowboys'' and with absolutely no amenities, they performed their basic function - getting a person from Point A to Point B - better than any bus system I've used in the United States or Europe.
''I have a bias because I'm a defense lawyer, but I do believe the defense witnesses have been better than the prosecution witnesses.''
''Lilco always had its work force to fall back on.
Norwegian fighter planes were scrambled a week ago to head off an American airliner carrying 200 passengers, believed to be Fijian soldiers, which was flying off course and approaching the Soviet Union, the Norwegian Defense Ministry said yesterday.
12 CHRISTINE, by Stephen King.
Ford and General Motors have the same sort of vehicles in the works, but theirs won't be ready until next year.
Various Accounts Owed According to the reorganization plan, the theater considers it ''imperative'' to its success that it raise $600,000 through contributions by next March 1, and that after that $750,000 a year in contributions will be necessary.
Hubert Birkenmeier, the fourth player, was asked to take a 45 percent cut from a salary of $175,000.
The principal, after receiving the recommendations of his assistant principal, submits such reports to the district superintendent.
After meeting her musical director and accompanist, Michele Brourman, at a benefit concert, Miss Carter began working on the act that she first performed last year in Los Angeles before bringing it to Freddy's.
New York was the ninth state to adopt such a law.
Senator Gary Hart, Democrat of Colorado, charged today that ''narrow- minded extremists'' set President Reagan's policies and called Walter F. Mondale, the Democratic Presidential candidate, a true leader.
However, the Pacific model ''may be calibrated to different coastal locations to compensate for the more significant variations which occur.''
One of these holes was the 467-yard 12th where Stewart crunched a drive over 300 yards with the help of a good bounce and roll on the hard fairway.
The jazz pianist George Shearing said that Mr. Basie's greatest trademark was the three sweet, soft notes that ended many of his great swing-era compositions.
Spoon and scrape the mixture into a saucepan.
The Chilean singer Isabel Aldunate will perform tomorrow at 8 P.M. at the Washington Irving High School Auditorium, Irving Place at 16th Street, sponsored by the Pablo Neruda Cultural Center (718-471- 9456).
He was one of the German artists whose artistic output was savaged by the Nazis.
The dish is easy to prepare and makes an impressively elegant first course.
has an obligation to give it a chance.''
Meanwhile, a 10-day campaign by the mayor of Vancouver, Michael Harcourt , to raise $500,000 only produced $143,000.
''Anyone who has had trouble with the law presents problems,'' he said.
But a simpler fact surely underlies the delay.
The reading is sponsored by the Y's Poetry Center.
He denied that he compared the Kennedy program to Marxism and Hitlerism.
South Hunterdon was held to 83 yards.
Lawyers involved in the case and other legal experts said they knew of no previous instance in which a private publisher had been barred, on pain of contempt of court, from publishing a judicial opinion.
Frank P. Davidson defines macro-engineering as ''the study, preparation, and management of the largest technological undertakings of which human society is capable at any given time.''
He added, ''Federal intervention in the past not only did not work, but actually worsened the situation.''
No matter if it's acrylic on canvas or pastel and Xerox toner on paper, Mr. Whitten will settle for nothing less than technical perfection.
Cooper Lasersonics Inc. , a Santa Clara, Calif., company that manufactures and markets high-technology devices for medical applications, said it had acquired Plasma Kinetics Inc. of Pleasanton, Calif., a manufacturer of metal vapor lasers.
Tandoori chicken, which has been coated in spices and yogurt, goes very well as part of a spread that might include kofta kebabs - ground beef spices with cumin and coriander, and lamb kebabs that have been marinated in lemon juice with herbs and garlic.
The Transit Authority said yesterday that service on the IRT No.
A last-minute shopping surge that began just before Christmas continued through the final days of 1984, as shoppers, conditioned by pre-Christmas markdowns, returned to look for greater bargains.
Mayor Barry originally said he knew Miss Johnson only casually, but he said through his attorney earlier this month that he had a close ''personal relationship'' with her for 12 to 18 months.
Mr. Warner owns about 1.9 million shares.
Tougher traffic enforcement in the last couple of years has resulted in more summonses, but it doesn't seem to have acted as much of a deterrent to the anarchy itself.
There may just be room between these positions for a bargain that would give the left a voice in an electoral commission with enough security powers to assure a peaceful plebiscite.
The $5 fee includes the lecture and appraisal of one rug; for each additional rug, $3 for nonmembers and $2 for members.
Previously the idea was to save construction time - and, therefore, money - by starting to pour concrete without waiting for all of the reactor's design details.
After the margarines have been out of the refrigerator for 30 minutes or longer most of these differences disappear.
The sale price of the saucepan is $62.75 and of the double-handled pan $81.50.
It didn't take long for an old dog like me to know Kennedy was the real thing, even in 1960, when he was a student of mine in Puerto Rico.
Now Mr. Trudeau is drawing advertisements that parody those of other Broadway shows.
Soon we'll have all the great things summer brings.''
Its value isn't disclosed by the family, but is estimated by outsiders at several hundred million dollars.
In his office, Jim Frey, the Cubs' manager, mentioned how Rick Sutcliffe ''didn't have the control of his breaking ball that he does normally, but he's been outstanding pitching out of jams for us.''
Chris Evert Lloyd, preparing for the United States Open that starts this week, is in the singles final.
''As a rookie, I had a pulled hamstring,'' he recalled.
Mrs. Garratt said that new church members were somewhat older than the typical new member of a decade ago and were frequently married and in their 30's.
Vatican Mediation Stalled Chile, however, argues that the channel extends beyond the islands, heading eastward at an angle.
Both are run by parents' associations, and proceeds go to the schools.
''All things being equal, if Nebraska beats Oklahoma, I'd say we shoot for the top and go to the Orange Bowl,'' said Bob Marcum, South Carolina's athletic director.
Moreover, he said, Royco may have a competitive edge because the tower's facade has a series of setbacks from the base that allows 10 corner offices on each tower floor.
Trooper Campbell said he noticed that the trunk had been altered after he stopped the 1984 Ford with Florida license plates for going 60 miles an hour in a 50-mile-an-hour zone.
Many Guadeloupeans had apparently placed great hopes in moves toward ''regionalization'' in France, a trend begun under President Valery Giscard d'Estaing and accelerated by the Socialist Government of Francois Mitterrand.
The questions remain of whether the Broadway audience can tell the difference, whether the trappings of a show, rather than its words, songs and performances, make enough of a difference to justify the added expense.
Playing in the tough Monday- night cut-in team game there, he was happy to open the North hand shown with one heart in fourth position.
Professor Tracy points out that there is considerable diversity among the liberationists.
And there were none of the up-market doodads - throwing in a piece of langouste, for example - that signifies less authenticity and a higher bill.
On the first day, Monday, Mr. Reagan invoked the Christian God in a speech and drew an ''Amen'' chorus from a handsomely tailored audience of broadcast preachers.
He expressed his hope that all ''peace-loving nations go into action to urge the two major nuclear powers, who represent 90 percent of the world's nuclear weapons, to stop the nuclear arms race, resume disarmament talks and agree on measure to drastically reduce nuclear arms to create conditions for joint disarmament by all nuclear countries.''
''I'm not taking any jewelry,'' she said.
Without that rise in fish prices, the finished goods index would have risen by only two-tenths of 1 percent, they said.
Hyundai Engineering and Construction of South Korea is planning the $766 million project, which would be situated 70 miles southwest of Baghdad and far from the front lines in the war.
Stopped at the door, he tells the maitre d'h^otel that doctors have diagnosed him as a carrier of the contagious disease ''herpes simplex 10.''
Gribble Finishes 11th The day's main disappointment for the Americans was the performance of Matt Gribble of Miami in the men's 100-meter butterfly.
As each story impinges on the other, characters step forward and perform solo vocal instrumentals, Shepard words spoken to music composed by Max Roach.
Woodley doesn't quite know what to expect, however, from the Miami defense.
But how does that minor operation translate into a symbol of greatness and invulnerability?
A recent hot lunch featured hot dogs and sauerkraut with apples, a menu Mrs. Mayes hopes to improve by working with purveyors to reduce the meat's nitrite and salt content.
It's a combination of straight pool, chess and golf-putting, with a lot of strategy involved.
The film - aside from a few disturbing scenes - shows the warm relations between village Jews and non-Jews until their world is shattered by the coming of the Nazis.
About 50 people crowded into the glass-enclosed exterior area, apparently hoping to join the others who have taken up residence on the fifth story of the mission on Hannoversche Strasse in downtown East Berlin.
Woody only talked to the principals in a very soft voice.
For as Joe Klecko points out, ''Who's to say we wouldn't have been winning without these changes?''
Out of these small groups came the hard core of the Hart organization here, as well as some of the funds to support it.
Get Me Tass Rewrite Soviet correspondents, it seems, can also succumb to the age-old journalistic practice of rewriting their competitors.
But by the time the leak is found, Dr. Burke said, it is too late to do anything.
And the strongest word Mr. Mondale uttered last week about the Donovan indictment and other cases of alleged financial impropriety by Reagan appointees was ''tacky.''
Christian prayer groups also provide the basis for the friendships of a number of Senators, including Mr. Nickles and Pete V. Domenici, Republican of New Mexico.
That is not too surprising.
Kim believes that if a fair election were held tomorrow, he would be elected president by a substantial margin.
It calls for examining the job categories already established by an employer and evaluating the skills and education required and salary ranges as they affect men and women - to correct the inherent market prejudice that values a job more highly because it is performed by a man.
''Steve taught me to try and stay emotionally even because when things go bad, you've got keep your poise,'' Bosco said.
If the whole world wasn't exactly watching, a lot more people probably took notice of athletics for the disabled over the last two weeks than ever before.
Wise statesmen often keep promises.
When the figures calculated by the bureau excluded the farm economy, business productivity advanced at an annual rate of 3.5 percent between Jan. 1 and March 31.
After the special inspections last June, transit officials could not explain how the rails could have fallen into such disrepair.
Her husband, Frederick J. Woodbridge, an architect, died 10 years ago.
Registration information is available by calling 348-2792.
''It's nice and dandy for each little municipality to be told to do its fair share, but that is supposed to be based on a regional basis,'' the Mayor said.
Nor did Donald Weilerstein, the first violinist, bring the florid grace one wanted to hear to the last cadences of the slow movement - and he tore into the prestissimo of the finale far too recklessly.
The management group is led by Kelso & Company, a New York investment firm.
Approval by the County Legislature was all that was required.
At the 1783 Dutton House, the atmosphere will be that of a large family Christmas, with tabletop trees and a large assortment of New England-style baked goods and treats.
Total losses to the state's economy amounted to $5.2 million, ''higher by a significant margin than previous estimates,'' the task force said.
Peace Corps officials say the increase of volunteers in Central America does not represent any change in policy.
Prices of corn and soybean futures were mostly higher and wheat was lower on the Chicago Board of Trade yesterday.
Although he never went to college, he holds several patents for oil pumps.
Based on letters from people who had been helped, 28 drivers were picked by the Eastern Paralyzed Veterans Association for certificates of appreciation.
Handmade ceramic signs, decorative and functional pottery, quilts, Christmas ornaments and wooden toys are among the items to be found in this 18th-century farmhouse, an artist's cooperative in the Crown Heights section of Brooklyn.
She also offered to debate Mr. Bush on a wide range of issues.
In a television broadcast tonight, NBC News said that more than 2,000 United States troops would be sent to the Honduran-Salvadoran border during the next two months as part of an exercise intended to bolster the Salvadoran Army.
Consultation with a tax adviser before investing could also help to prevent financial problems later.
The remarks by the Ambassador - who is not related, either by family or ideology, to the economist John Kenneth Galbraith - were clearly directed in part toward European political leaders who have been clamoring for lower American interest rates.
A search finally revealed the culprit - a tube of denture adhesive.
If left permanently installed outdoors, they will withstand temperatures from 50 below zero to 180 degrees Fahrenheit without suffering damage, and their anodized metal frame and nylon grille are similarly impervious to the elements.
If they do so, they must keep Cummings for at least one year.
All except Alfonso Soto-Salazar, who is believed to be in Mexico, were arrested and arraigned this week.
We gaze upon pastureland so badly scorched as to be no longer edible for livestock, stock tanks and reservoirs whose levels sag lower with each passing day, and acres of crops that wither and wilt into oblivion.''
An unusual international consortium of six publishers is betting heavily on the sales appeal of the book.
Nor would he have permitted the recent dispute between Mr. Gulotta and Peter King, the Republican Nassau County Controller.
One thing we don't want is the mythical Mr. O'Brien floating in and out of these sales.''
How Fund Was Established Environmental officials recalled that the Superfund measure was passed in the post-election 1980 Congress.
The conversations they had, even when ''manipulated'' by de Gaulle, reveal something of the ''passionate iceberg,'' as he is aptly described.
The terms of the proposal were described by one of the parties in the case and confirmed by a participant in the conference at which the proposal was offered.
It has glorious drawings of one kind or another - all the way from the portrait of the sixth Duke of Bedford, which sums up a certain kind of Englishman once and for all, to the portrait of the Gatteaux family (1850), which consists of three lithographic prints, a copy of a damaged drawing and a sketch of someone who had not been around at any particular time but had to be got in.
- The Social Security System has been rescued from the threat of insolvency raised by rampant inflation, excessive liberalizations and lagging growth of its tax base.
Finally, in exasperation he said to the District Attorney: ''You sound like my wife: 'Why don't you paint the house?'
Pearl Paint on Canal Street carries inexpensive foam brushes and disposable Chinese bristle brushes.
* Combustion Engineering Inc., a Stamford, Conn., company that supplies equipment, products and services to industrial markets, said it had received a $35 million contract from Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd. for power plant systems in India.
Facing Battle in Brooklyn In recent weeks, they have become entangled in a battle with their neighbors in Brooklyn Heights over expansion plans and have been accused by opponents of destroying families and lives by subjecting growing numbers of members to disfellowship, or excommunication.
It said the contracts were $88.4 million for 80 F/ A-18 aircraft and four TF/A-18 aircraft, $29.4 million for engineering and technical maintenance manuals for F/A-18 aircraft and $8.8 million for 32 AV-BB aircraft.
Exhaust fans are more effective than the intake variety for cooling computers.
Whatever the decision, it's always in doubt.
But board-watchers recall that New York's system has often led to conflict between the top administrator and his seven bosses.
So he picked all four - Scott Currie, Brian Chizever, Adam Schussheim and Philip Soletsky.
2, never worn by a Boston player.
Yet one of these attempts particularly bears noting.
Admiral Engen, who retired from the Navy in 1978, has been on the safety board since June 1982.
Without any major tax increases or spending reductions, Administration estimates with an optimistic economic forecast show deficits remaining in the $190 billion to $200 billion range through the decade.
An organization calling itself Islamic Holy War has claimed responsibility for mining the Red Sea ''to punish imperialism,'' according to a report by the state radio in Qatar.
But that is how he was portrayed on several occasions during last week's Senate debate on an Administration-backed banking deregulation bill.
In the second and third essays of this collection, one devoted to the nature of totalitarian ideology and the other to the role of international law, Mr. Moynihan searches through the thickets of a dangerous and menacing world for certain unchanging principles - loyalties - that can guide good policy.
''They want to see us with moving vans outside the building, and us in tears,'' she said.
And the performances are really enlivening in their care and spirit.
Arthur Mitchell, founder and artistic director of the Dance Theater of Harlem, was in the theater to accept the award.
The other half were asked about a ticket of Mr. Mondale and Representative James J. Florio of New Jersey.
They illustrate the hard choices - and sometimes the wrong choices - made by social workers dealing with broken homes, teen-age parents, drug addiction, criminal convictions, poverty and violence.
Fewer than one in five of the parents had completed high school.
'' ''We based the design on the contour of the land,'' said Frederick L. Philomena, the other partner, ''stepping the units so that every resident can enjoy lang-range views.''
Annually, the Pushcart collection reasserts the piercing potential of the muffled voice.B
The embassy had recently been moved to Aukar in Christian East Beirut because it was thought to be safer than West Beirut.
Ron Brown, one of the owners of Kitchen Privileges, a gift store on 18th Street one block off Castro, said: ''Traffic on the street is down, and six months ago we decided that we had to change our direction.
''A contractor was hired, the dirt flew and the next thing I knew I was being handed violations right and left - one from the commission, another from the city's Department of Buildings.
Judy Pratt, the Democrat who is challenging the incumbent Republican Senator from New Mexico, Pete V. Domenici, estimated that she had raised $50,000 from unions, although the marginal committee rebuffed her bid to be named marginal because they felt she was a longshot.
He said he saw people playing the games and nothing apparently amiss.
Last night's way of evading was the goal by Ken Morrow at 8:56 of overtime for a 3-2 victory that ended a five-game series.
''In the more sophisticated markets - New York, Los Angeles, San Francisco and Seattle - the film doubled and in one theater tripled its gross,'' said Mr. Weitzner.
Eleanor Jackson Piel Jr., a third- year medical student at Harvard University, and Dr. Edward Jehuda Perper, a 1984 medical graduate of Harvard, were married last Sunday.
The circle theme refers to the recurrence in Plains Indian work of this image, a motif favored because it has neither beginning nor end and because it symbolizes the sun, moon, calendar year and life itself.
State governors and territorial administrators are appointed by India's President.
In that time, 470,000 recipients have been told they are no longer eligible for benefits.
Lawyer to Consider Appeal Mr. Sadowski said then that his agency's normal procedure was not to provide reasons for parole decisions, to protect the privacy of inmates.
After 23 years together, his wife divorced him in 1946, and asked more than $1 million in property settlements and $14,000 a month for child support.
But Katherine P. Darrow, general counsel of The New York Times, and Howard Simons, managing editor of The Washington Post, said that good journalists hold themselves to a higher standard of accuracy and fairness than the law requires.
I was looking - for what seemed to her a long time.
''Our audience has always been 80 to 90 percent hearing people,'' Mr. Hays explains.
In 1845, the year before Donizetti's confinement to a sanitorium, Lumley wrote again, this time offering 21,000 francs for a comic opera.
Livestock and meat traded in a fairly narrow range, said John Ginzel, a livestock analyst in Chicago with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. Cotton futures prices climbed on the New York Cotton Exchange after reports of strong foreign demand for cotton, said Ernest Simon, a cotton analyst in New York with Prudential- Bache Securities Inc.
Mrs. Ferraro said later through Mr. O'Brien that she had been ''livid'' at the referee's report and not about her husband's conduct.
Rather than recommending a reinstitutionalization, the association called for an expansion of community programs to care for street people, medically and mentally.
That increased turnover might make Wall Street traders happy, but it would also add to the stock market's volatility.
Officials at the United States Embassy here who monitor human rights have declined to discuss Mr. Abrams' visit.
Indian Airlines said it would restore flights to the state capital of Chandigarh on Saturday, but flights to Amritsar would remain suspended until further notice.
The creator of ''All in the Family,'' ''Maude,'' ''The Jeffersons,'' ''Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman,'' and ''One Day at a Time'' swore then that he was done with week-to-week television.
I explain that I know no more about the interior of my computer than I know about what goes on under the hood of my car.
Laurie Sweeney says she slept with him in a bed at her grandma's.
The man, who was not identified, was questioned today after more explosives had been found in his room at the Grosvenor House Hotel.
Fiddler Williams - a guitarist in spite of his nickname - remembered meeting Mr. Basie at jam sessions on 18th Street in Kansas City in 1933 and playing with the Count's first band at Roseland in 1936 or 1937.
He apparently was referring to the upcoming United States-Soviet talks in Geneva.
Gallons of water and tons of soaked rubble were dumped on his store.
The excitement expressed today by the panel of doctors reflected the fact that Baby Fae had overcome several crucial hurdles.
All in all it is a splendid digression to end our Yukon ramble.
Mr. Steele, who is 46, joined Dry Dock in December 1981 after serving for six years as president of the Norwich, Conn., Savings Society.
Edd Roush, another Hall of Fame outfielder, swung the heaviest bat, 48 ounces.
Sunnyside Gardens is more than half a century old, Forest Hills Gardens older still.
At every stop along his route today, he cautioned supporters that the Ohio contest was very close.
Robert W. Rafuse Jr., Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, said, ''The fiscal outlook for the state and local sector, relatively speaking, is a lot better than it is for the Federal Government.''
There are some operas, generally of a minor sort, that can live or die for extramusical reasons.
''They told me what to do and where to go.
The battle of Verdun lasted 300 days and was one of the bloodiest of World War I.
AS Sears has expanded, management inevitably has changed, too - but not enough, some insiders contend.
Colgate-Palmolive said it knew of no reason for the stock's activity and said it had not been approached about a merger.
It is there that one will feel what Tokyo is really about - a series of villages, self-contained and uninterested in disruption.
The red- orange toy may be dangerous if small parts break off and are ingested or inhaled, the commission said.
The fact that she comes from the working class is much better for getting votes than if she came from the so-called upper or middle classes.''
Miss Harris began her career in New York as the head worker of the Union Settlement House in East Harlem in 1930.
Truman will play the winner of the Long Island Lutheran-North Babylon game on Friday at 9 P.M. in an A Division quarterfinal game.
He would spend $51 million to expand early-childhood programs and reduce first- and second-grade class sizes, $24 million to improve transitional guidance services in the middle grades, and $82 million to improve instruction and other programs at the high-school level.
To the Editor: Your May 19 news story on Gen. Paul Gorman (''General Plays Key Role in U.S. Policy on Latins'') was inaccurate in many respects.
That may be why industry spokesmen profess annoyance over the leaded gasoline restrictions not becoming more of a public issue.
The Tigers did not pitch to Winfield, walking him intentionally.
One Yankee journalist was recalling his first college trip to a basketball game in Chapel Hill: ''We left a foot of snow up north and arrived in Chapel Hill and it was sunny and warm.
OSHA estimated that in six months the proposed emergency regulation might have saved the lives of 80 asbestos-exposed workers out of a work force at risk estimated at 375,399.
Three generations of a San Francisco family.
Poland, a founder-member, has boycotted the I.L.O.
Senator Gary Hart roamed the corridors of Congress today, reporting encouragement for continuing his long-shot bid for the Democratic Presidential nomination.
And so zucchini blossoms are served again as the color and flavor note in risotto, the first course served at the table.
Midway through last season, Walton suddenly released Dwayne Crutchfield, who had been his fullback, who often showed up late to meetings and practices.
At stake are 52 of the state's 60 delegates to the Democratic National Convention.
But the market gained support later on indications that the slaughter is declining, he said.
The Wagoners slaughtered their own hogs, smoked or sugar-cured the hams and made their own sausage.
Now, the experiment involving the brothers who were severely burned 13 months ago appears to be a success.
They Resemble Pep Rallies Indeed, Mr. Reagan's approach is to emphasize the positive in society and to minimize problems.
Subscriptions, which make up about 50 percent of ticket sales, are up 10 percent, she said.
''Lawyers look at the courts as their own fiefdom.
Increasingly, the object of the game is to keep those who have crossed the border from continuing north.
Surgery for McDaniel LeCharls McDaniel, who had been competing for the role of regular right cornerback, underwent arthroscopic surgery on a knee and will be out four to six weeks.
''There are credible reports,'' the study stated, ''that arrest quotas were assigned to provinces and municipalities and wholesale roundups of suspected criminal elements occurred.''
Mr. Clark said, ''We don't have a comment except to say that the defendants intend to vigorously defend themselves.''
You have to stuff yourself - gorge yourself on a problem - and then go and leave it.''
The department is conducting a grand jury investigation of a number of charges that North Atlantic air carriers conspired to destroy Laker, which went bankrupt in February 1982.
All were faster than the American Benita Fitzgerald-Brown's winning time of 12.84 in Los Angeles.
While some carriers offered help to the stranded passengers, others refused.
The deficit will be much larger than advertised and economic growth will be much slower.
The Texas fire was reported almost under control late the same day.
The notes, which have a final maturity date in 1994, were priced at par and have a coupon of 14 percent.
The Waverley herself made music, too, with pistons and paddlewheels.
''The terrorists, well-trained abroad, wanted to carry out acts of sabotage to ruin our achievements,'' Colonel Qaddafi said, ''and perhaps they were also calculating to carry out an attack against me.''
Pamela Bailey Is a Bride The marriage of Pamela B. Bailey, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Frederick E. Bailey of Ashford, Conn., to J. Stephen Lentz took place yesterday at the Sheraton-Hartford Hotel.
84 will be back with a vengeance.
''It is fairly easy to get here in the morning by train, but difficult to get back to Bridgeport in the evening - or anyplace beyond Stamford.
The official Paraguayan press had criticized the visit by the group, known as the I.A.P.A., accusing it of paternalism and of exploiting reporters.
Search for Citibank Robber A lone gunman held up the Citibank branch on East 149th Street in the South Bronx shortly after noon on May 10.
Other recipients - all received plaques - were Joseph Rooney and his brother Dennis Rooney, both drivers with the Penninsula Car Service, and their dispatchers, Tony Pasquarelli and Lou Santorella; Martin Derman, a driver, and Richard Nicosia, a dispatcher, of Minute Men Taxi; Michael Mirabile, a driver with Ridge Auto Collision, and five Transit Authority bus operators - Clarence Bryant, Gerald Buffone, Robert Rivera, Dennis Wilkins and Wilbur Williams.
An order of battle is the official military listing of enemy forces.
Mr. Kohl has denounced the latest press leaks as a ''defamation campaign'' and ridiculed the notion that the Christian Democratic leaders could have been bought.
Let the employer do the training and pay for it.
To many analysts it seemed another sign of the Pentagon's never-say-die optimism.
It looked like a hopeless case until Thomas Blatner, director of the division's management team, who had been seeking a challenging case to test the new policy, found this one.
The chair is kind of like a chariot, and we're gladiators.''
Two months ago, she was still 20 pounds overweight, horrendously out of shape and panic-stricken at the prospect of starring on Broadway come November.
Some connoisseurs of de Kooning's art may not approve the choice of a recent canvas, but Ed Ruscha aficionados can hardly complain about his word ''Virtue'' that, shimmering on a golden brown and cream ground, greets visitors at the entrance.
(Among other things, he was once an advance man for President Gerald R.
Officer Cimler said fingerprinting children was difficult.
Gethsemani Farms in Trappist, Ky., is owned and operated by Trappist monks who know how to make deliciously pungent semisoft cheeses - mild, aged and smoked.
Critics contend that the Merc and the agency will depend heavily on the good faith of Singapore, since neither has the authority to demand such information.
He returned to banking as head of the retail banking division at the Bowery Savings Bank before joining Carteret three and a half years ago.
The 43-year-old defendant, who has been identified by prosecution witnesses as one of those who fired shots, was asked by Robert Isseks, his court- appointed lawyer, if he had intended to participate in a robbery.
National Semiconductor, which came out with a critically acclaimed but less complex 32-bit chip a year ago, announced in May that it would team up with Texas Instruments to develop a range of sophisticated superchips.
She is the secretary of the Student Government Organization and a member of the African Dance Club.
's, such companies provide health-care coverage for individuals in exchange for fixed monthly payments.
Willie Randolph suffered a spiked and bruised right hand in the 10th inning yesterday.
Meanwhile, the human and financial costs of Israel's 27-month-old occupation of southern Lebanon mount.
Inside was the Breeders' Cup trophy, a bronze sculpture of an Ecorche, or flayed horse, from the original by Giambologna, a Florentine Renaissance sculptor.
I'm not getting any more injuries.''
Paul Henry, lawyer, Breed, Abbott & Morgan.
Beijer, a Swedish company, has named Tomas Jablonski chief executive officer.
In all three races, far-right candidates campaigned on platforms of backing white supremacy and opposing the National Party's nominal changes.
Last week, there were more than 10,500 in the city's jails, slightly more than capacity.
There, at a dusty, unpaved runway, they are loaded onto Soviet helicopters, which whisk them farther south to Makale, the capital of Tigre Province.
Black policemen can be as rotten as any bent white cop in Mr. Gash's world.
The actress Celeste Holm will be host of ''Broadway and Revue Songs of the Latter 30's,'' part of the 92d Street Y's ''Lyrics and Lyricists'' series April 8 at 2:30 and 8 P.M. and April 9 at 8 P.M.
The Government says that, although no bribes were actually paid, they were illicitly planned in 1977 to fix sales-tax cases involving the 7-Eleven convenience store chain, which Southland runs.
The two families met in 1980 when Beck, trying to save money and ease his wife's loneliness, asked Classic officials to be put up with a local family.
That was good enough to win each a share of a gold medal.
If you happen to be around from Dec. 17 to 19, go to the Sensoji Temple in Asakusa for the Hagoita Ichi fair.
In testimony before a Congressional panel, members of the coalition raised ethical and legal concerns about the new techniques.
The President's supine brachial blood pressure was reported by Mr. Speakes to be 140/80 millimeters of mercury, compared to 124/76 showing in his last full medical examination on Oct. 29 and Oct. 30, 1981.
Seeing his show again made one thing very clear.
They range from the Commodity Exchange, which has its own building at the center, to the newsstands and shoe repair shops on the concourse, a kind of urban shopping mall that runs under the entire complex.
Would you answer my question, if you don't mind.
This will not, I suspect, garner an Oscar.
Invited to Join Project An advance team of three Americans from Habitat is expected to go next month to the Central American country whose Sandinista Government is accused by the Reagan Administration of aiding Marxist revolutionaries in El Salvador.
At one point former Representative James Symington, a Missouri Democrat, looked across the crowded hall and spotted Harold Stassen, whose thwarted Presidential aspirations have spanned many of the years covered in the Archives' commemoration.
The possibility that United Nations troops stationed in southern Lebanon will be sent to Beirut seems unlikely at this time, according to United Nations officials here.
An Annual Rural Ritual There is a longer hunting season in the south, central and western parts of the state, where the bow-and-arrow season ended last Sunday, with few deer taken because of the small number of archers and the difficulty of hitting a deer.
To Use Reserve Buses The city has about 3,900 buses and needs about 3,200 to deliver normal morning service during peak periods.
Mr. Adams was known to share that view.
The agreement - together with last week's announcement of a plan under which insurers and absestos producers would establish a joint claims-handling facility for asbestos claims - marks an important breakthrough in the logjam that has tied up thousands of asbestos claims for several years.
Readers are invited to submit questions concerning any aspect of sport - statistics or strategies, rules or records.
I suppose you can construct a situation where there might be a danger, but large firms are seemingly able to bear the burdens.''
Mr. Reilly was also closely associated with the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York.
A lost ball cost him a double-bogey 7 on the second hole of the afternoon round but he still managed to break par.
The Weissenhof settlement, as the elongated strip of boxlike cement edifices was called, created an immediate stir in Germany and abroad.
A native of Cincinnati, where she met her husband in high school, she sang rock and roll and soul songs with bands in that area while attending Xavier University.
''If we can keep him under 30, we can beat 'em.''
Nearly two years ago the Princeton faculty approved a policy requiring that any such software must be ''disclosed'' to the univesity so that an equitable division of any revenues can be determined.
Their only purpose is to murder people wearing the vests.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Brooklyn Union Gas and a number of neighborhood newspapers have helped spread the word about the project.
Donald Rumsfeld, formerly our Middle East negotiator, was asked on the David Brinkley program about ways to retaliate against terrorist attacks.
They usually arrive at 7 P.M., order dinner and Champagne, dance before, during and after dinner and leave a little after 11.
2 man in the union, and Piotr Mierzewski.
c-Net losses after losses from discontinued operations of $316,679 for the quarter and $1,060,768 and tax credits of $212,000 for the quarter and $467,000 for the 9 months.
''He has not had an opportunity to present his views,'' said Mr. Lucier.
are more often routine and sometimes downright careless, concluding that ''marriage is a very good thing though it's far from easy.''
If a young lady is present and wants to say she's coming out, that's fine.
''Why did that other self of myself that I see get so involved when so many others didn't?''
At Mr. Meese's request, Strom Thurmond, Republican of South Carolina, head of the Judiciary Committee, then postponed committee hearings, which had been scheduled to resume Tuesday.
To take the examination you have to be sponsored by a New York State broker and must submit an application and a $10 fee to the Division of Licensing Services.
When in doubt, go shopping.
Yet the availability and ownership of real estate plays a key role in this society's vision of itself, and for generations the character of land tenure was seen as the foundation of this country.
I think it's something Phil has to do, too - fight through that situation.
The earlier information was attributed to Dr. Sakharov's wife, Yelena G. Bonner.
Mr. Reagan posed a choice between what he termed his ''program of progress'' and a Democratic version of America ''wringing her hands,'' divided by envy and determined to ''knock opportunity.''
''It is going to be extremely appealing to younger viewers because it doesn't involve adults making decisions as to what kids want to see.
This performance, at any rate, may not have looked like much at all, but in terms purely of sound, it worked very well indeed.
State Backed a Freeze Brattleboro became one of the most active centers of the nuclear freeze movement in 1982 in a state where 186 townships out of 245 voted in favor of a mutually verifiable freeze on nuclear weapons, according to David McCauley, the field secretary of the American Friends Service Committee.
He had come here from the Yankees with the pitcher Chris Welsh and the outfielders Ruppert Jones and Joe Lefebvre in the trade that sent the outfielder Jerry Mumphrey and the pitcher John Pacella to New York.
Forty-two percent said that a cleanup should be done immediately, without regard to costs; 51 percent said it should be done gradually, with costs spread out, and 6 percent said there were more pressing problems to spend money on.
A slightly better picture is seen in the narcissist who is sexually promiscuous, but feels no love for his partners - at least he has such relationships.
This is a unique advantage of videography that has no parallel in conventional movie-making.
Congressional staff members have said the man was identified in initial reports as John Kirkpatrick, a C.I.A.
Nassau County has as many as 5,000 homeless or displaced people, according to a survey by a coalition representing more than 80 social and religious organizations.
In short, it is quirky and daring.
But most of their work is strongly rhythmic, based on jazz standards, show tunes and originals.
Savage, of failing to file six reports.
His classic free enterprise position further held the market to be the most efficient instrument for allocating resources, for funneling capital into promising new ventures and withdrawing it from exhausted or unprofitable ones.
The religion is based, among other ideals, on pacifism and a separation between religion and the world.
This time, for 170 meters of the 200-meter final, Carey led by no more than a foot over Richter and Sandy Goss of North York, Ontario.
And affirmative action is a very positive way to deal with the problems of discrimination.
Mr. Tanen said that by his own choice he would be concentrating on making movies and would be only indirectly involved with advertising and distribution.
Q-B7ch, Timman faced 27 K-R3, B-B1ch; 28 P-N4, BxPch!
The story of Roy Hobbs's romantic quest to become ''the best there is'' - the player against whom all subsequent players will forever be measured to their disadvantage - is as magical, funny and sad as anything Mr. Malamud has ever written.
''Survivors are the ones whose brains work.''
Despite its problems, Honduras has managed to avoid the turmoil that has gripped its neighbors.
Certificates of Deposit9.85 Offering yield in the secondary market for one-month certificates of large banks in blocks of $1 million or more.
''This feller, Mr. Reagan, has put our country back in order where it should be,'' the singer told a flag-waving crowd.
A less partisan interpretation of the timing of the visit is that Mr. Peres does not necessarily favor Mr. Reagan but does think his re-election is probable.
Because it has no atmosphere and no light pollution from urban areas, the moon offers special advantages to optical astronomers.
After nearly three decades of governing alone, Japan's Liberal Democratic Party has begun to look for partners in the opposition to strengthen its hold on government.
c-Including gains from realized investments of $1,376,000 for the quarter and $2,555,000 for the 6 months.
Today the Reagan campaign seemed delighted to take the former Vice President's debating words at face value.
Through the use of a large mirror, pastel paintings on ivory-colored walls and subtle recessed lighting, there is a sense of greater spaciousness.
But to many fans of the champion Islanders, Jonsson is merely another stitched-up face, another competent body, another smooth cog in that almost-incredible wheel of success.
The regular round-trip coach fare from New York is $398.
The price of SmithKline stock has slumped.
As Representative Coelho put it: ''Berman's the keeper of the body.
Most people are simultaneously proponents and opponents - proponents in general, opponents in particular.
The jurisdiction of a Federal special prosecutor is much more limited than that of a state prosecutor.
A British financial expert with a rare talent for making such issues understandable, Harold Lever, took a realistic look at the third world debt problem in a recent issue of The New York Review of Books.
The study compared the health of 1,045 fliers who sprayed Agent Orange from giant drums as they flew over Vietnam from 1962 to 1971 on a mission called Operation Ranch Hand.
'Friendlies' Stored in Computer Then their names are given to Mrs. Lauren, who sends them two rooms away to Jim Pye, who types them into a list of ''friendlies'' stored in a borrowed I.B.M.
Some 16,000 residents in southern New Hampshire lost electric power in an area that got a foot of snow.
Victories in the two races would make him the favorite for the Kentucky Derby on May 5.
Although some states also prohibit the use of artifical turkey decoys, New York does not.
In Beirut, where nearly everyone seems to have enemies, a car bomb last week marred the Moslem feast of Al Adha marking the end of the annual period of pilgrimages to Mecca.
The interconnecting transactions and overlapping organizations make it difficult to fully trace the flow of funds.
The survey covers 112 of the Island's publicly held companies meeting three basic requirements: They have headquarters on Long Island, they had sales of at least $3 million in 1983, and they file reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
And the result has been the formation of a committee headed by Miss Frank to work out details for the program.
He became chairman of the $4 billion Hospital Corporation of America in 1969, just months after leaving Prudential.
The feature film was suggested to Jack Warner by President Franklin Roosevelt, who was eager to enhance de Gaulle's reputation in the eyes of the American public.
If you're outside, you've got clear sailing to rock along at your speed.
If the period from the early 1970's to early 80's celebrated the flourishing of nouvelle cuisine in France, the remaining years of the decade may go down as an era of equilibrium.
Now the bank goes through the same exercise on an 18 to 20 percent level.
''I was shocked by the law,'' recalls Washburn, a tall, wiry blond whose piercing hazel eyes are starkly framed by rimless glasses.
It is in an Italian Renaissance-style house that was once used for an office building and was about to be torn down when Caroline Hunt Schoellkopf bought it four years ago and turned it into a restaurant.
Criticisms Are Voiced Some people felt that, without heads, there is an element of violence in the sculpture, and perhaps the insinuation that athletes are brawn only.
If there is any such thing as an identifiable American musical idiom, Mr. Copland helped create it.
G.D. Searle, another rumored takeover candidate, advanced 2 3/8, to 63, with more than 700,000 shares changing hands.
Few public events are planned for the Queen, although she has announced that on Sunday she will visit the Bradford Brinton Museum about a mile from the ranch.
Teachers have a strong case in rejecting merit pay as too little and too cheap, but it is dangerous for them to deny that merit in teaching can be identified as the basis for better selection, pay, promotion and career opportunities.
Like all fixed-income securities, the price of a zero on the secondary market will fall as the level of interest rates rises.
Statewide, according to a recent survey, more than 143,000 poor families are living with other families.
The Prime Minister is always a Sunni Moslem, for example, the Speaker of Parliament a Shiite and the army chief of staff a Druse.
''If my coach said, 'You can take a week off,' I'd take a week off,'' she said.
He paused and then asked, ''How was it?''
He eagerly made a grain deal that serves American interests even though it also serves a major Soviet interest.
Sometimes there are surprises as when, about a decade ago in central New Hampshire on just such an excursion, I found the tracks of a lynx.
Robert W. Stevens, Habitat's director of operations, said in New York yesterday that the group had been invited to join in the housing project in the northwestern province of Chinandega by a Nicaraguan evangelical and ecumenical organization, the Evangelical Committee for Aid and Development.
By Walter Lord GEN. CHARLES ANDRE JOSEPH MARIE DE GAULLE was probably the all-time master of the politics of intransigence.
''Give us some input into the system.''
The proposal was among 13 cost-cutting measures suggested by the panel.
He made the traditional primary- eve ''fly-around,'' repeating his theme that he is the candidate of substance.
POLO coats of all kinds are being seen on the streets of New York this winter but none seems more popular than one designed by Perry Ellis.
Government guards were posted at the site.
MANY New York City property owners believe they are being unjustly penalized under the ''nail-and-mail'' enforcement procedures adopted by the Department of Sanitation, and they are watching with eager interest a court challenge to those procedures.
formula concerned with completion percentage, yards, touchdowns and interceptions.
According to officials, the school's major teaching affiliation would involve Long Island Jewish-Hillside Medical Center.
There are other urban landscapes as well.
''Beginning in 1975, we began to work on reducing ineligibility and we, indeed, succeeded in reducing ineligibility to a much more reasonable level,'' Dr. Bernstein said in an interview last week.
O'B., Brooklyn Answer: No, but if tenants can prove that a superintendent who could not speak English was hired to prevent or limit delivery of services, it could qualify as a reduction in services, according to Mr. Shlufman, and they would be entitled to a rent reduction.
His critics in the Legislature suggest the surplus will be much larger than he says.
''I love art and wanted a way to tie it in with my work,'' Marty Lee said.
The oil ministers warned North Sea producers not to undermine the cartel's prices.
In short, ''There is nothing you can want that we won't try,'' Mr. Gauss said.
But the Mets did protect a lot of lesser players, didn't they?
To the Editor: Sheila Klass's Sept. 22 Op-Ed article, ''For Mr. Johnson, the Elements of Style,'' was supposed to convince us, if we ever had any doubt, that long words and a complex style have no place in estimable American English.
In fact, we come to know Mr. Klein's five marines as intimately as characters in a novel.
''Surely this is not an issue that turns on race,'' he continued.
Miss Lewis, who has appeared in the Broadway musicals ''Eubie'' and ''Comin' Uptown,'' used to be a member of Bette Midler's backup group, the Harlettes.
That brings Coca-Cola's total China bottling capacity to 150 million bottles, the company said.
Mr. Cuomo, one of those urging Mr. Mondale to pick a running mate before the convention, has said the search is ''distracting the party.''
Because a sideman in one avant-gutbucket band may be the leader of another, the little big bands can trade ideas and may even build up a shared repertory - something that jazz hasn't enjoyed since the 1960's.
''American children would tell them 'You're in America now, you don't have to be frightened.'
Mark Medal, who makes his first defense of the International Boxing Federation's 154-pound title tomorrow night at the Felt Forum, can always fall back on his other job if he unexpectedly loses to Carlos Santos of Puerto Rico.
''It's been disastrous,'' said R. G. Appel, purchasing director for Sumstar Foods in Minneapolis.
We have since called this upstart device a laser (substituting light for microwave in the maser acronym).
The parents felt they could make only one decision.
John McCormack, who once lived for awhile in New York City, died in 1945 but the memories of his sonorous voice have lived on.
A 1976 Broadway hit, ''Bubbling Brown Sugar'' recreates the night life of the 1920's - when they drank ''scotch in teacups'' and bathtub gin - and the 1930's, from downtown speak-easies to the Savoy Ballroom and Small's Paradise uptown.
Three corporations and 16 individuals identified as owners and operators of the six contaminated sites were also sued, primarily to facilitate access to the sites.
He thinks the next logical step might be to a body stocking similar to gymnastic outfits.
We deserve better, and our children deserve better, too.
She said there would be long setbacks in therapy programs.
The semiconductor maker said that it earned $54.9 million, or 47 cents a share, for the three months ended June 30, compared with $24.3 million, or 22 cents a share, for the second quarter of 1983.
If Congress approves the money to buy the island, Mr. Olsen said, the money will be put into a rotating fund to purchase other valuable wildlife refuges in Connecticut.
Competing as a 149.5-pounder in the Olympics, Gable swept through his six opponents without allowing a point.
According to Mr. Povman, Justice Kassoff, who presides over most conservatorships in Queens, appointed Mr. Zaccaro the conservator for the estate of Alice Phelan, an 84-year-old Queens resident, on Dec. 10, 1982.
Mr. Gage, who was a New York Times correspondent in Greece, said that paper is very costly in Greece because most of it is imported, and the Government imposes a stiff tax.
IT is fascinating to hear what European chefs think of American foods.
''Certain roles fit certain actors,'' he says, ''and no one else comes along to catch those same subtleties.
Mr. Mondale criticized President Reagan as failing to specify plans for his second term in his acceptance speech, and he will attempt to offer ''innovative solutions'' and ''fresh approaches,'' said Mr. Johnson.
Cut out at least one third of the older canes to ground level .
Mr. Hennessy is his close political ally.
Psychology, transformed by the human-potential movement, switched from ''maturity'' as a standard for mental health to the more expansive notion of ''growth.''
Mario Fusco had a nice ringing sound as Marcello; Abe Polakoff was a solid Rodolfo; Elaine Malbin sang with a penetrating strength as Mimi, and Natasha Lutov made a very competent Musette.
Mahre placed 24th on his opening run and finished 18th over all in a field of 51 at his last race in cup competition.
This is short of the universal right to spot-test employees, requested by the railroads.
Words are the stock in trade of Bogbutikken, a Socialist book store on the main street of Hillerod, a comfortable suburb north of Copenhagen.
If a Presidential candidate has no delegate candidates running, the Democratic State Committee members in the district will choose any delegates he wins after the primary from a candidate-approved list of three applicants for each delegate won.
Mark Thurmond (12-7) gave up six hits in six and two-third innings.
Lacey Victorian sachets run between $6.75 and $8.85.
Anybody that's got any kind of feelings, it hurts.
Matsukata, the son of a late-19th- century Prime Minister of Japan, studied at Yale University and the Sorbonne in the 1890's, then traveled frequently to London and Paris, where he collected hundreds of paintings and sculpures.
It is called WSL, a coastal station, one of many that spoke to liners and tramps in peace and war.
But there have been no reported acts of intimidation.
A three-day conference on Poland this week, which drew more than 200 experts from all over the United States and Europe, has concluded that the Polish underground culture appears to be as vital as ever.
By the time word leaked out, it was vague and indirect.
As Mr. Taylor looked on during morning church services, Bishop Desmond Tutu, who won the Nobel Peace Prize this month, spoke to the congregation about the horrors of black life in South Africa, saying: ''Those involved in South Africa - whether you like it or not - you're buttressing this kind of system.''
Mrs. Downs won the nomination Saturday when the other Republican candidate, James Erdmann, failed to win 20 percent of the votes at the party's First District Assembly.
Sparkman said the ruling would force it to reimburse a supplier for taxes from previous years.
According to Mr. Boenisch, both men agreed the two Germanys could make a ''impotrant contribution to preserving peace'' and should expand trade ties and environmental cooperation.
Showa Boeki Ltd., a Japanese company, also offered imitation scallops that come breaded or plain and have a sea scallop flavor but a more fibrous texture.
Yet, Mr. Hatt insisted that the company would complete the project.
''But in looking at the stats we kept then, we noticed that Greer had trouble scoring against Detroit, who used a taller guy, Joe Caldwell, on him.
needs drastic steps, and this one is worth attempting.
What was happening was a growth surge for technological industries that has affected many areas around Philadelphia and has achieved its greatest concentration in a corridor roughly spanning a section of Route 202 and part of the Pennsylvania Turnpike, with incursions into nearby boroughs and forests and farmland.
''If nothing else, I feel stronger psychologically.''
For Xerox, the passing of a 25th birthday is a chance to observe past glories - and reflect on a midlife crisis that has grown increasingly severe.
The calls against him were all legitimate.''
In Saudi Arabia, for example, businesswomen and even occasionally Western women who are visiting the government have had trouble checking into hotels in Riyadh or Jidda, several of which prohibit single or unaccompanied women from registering without government approval.
In this way, one could put these people in the pigeonhole marked ''Homeless,'' define them as poor unfortunates in need of mental care and warehouse them in basic barrack shelters that remove as many as possible from public sidewalks.
It is best to plant hydrangeas where the soil drains well and there is little likelihood that late fall or early spring puddles will accumulate.
But Western diplomats here say this also reflects China's deep-seated, historic self-confidence and a sense of equanimity that is culturally self-sustaining even at a time when China must seek help from outside.
Stock prices made a modest advance yesterday in slower trading after declining in the preceding three sessions.
By breaking up its poetry with rock drum solos and using a recording of the Doors hit, 'Riders on the Storm'' to suggest communion with the dead rock star, Mr. Densmore reduces an evocative meditation on death and rebirth into distasteful rock-and-roll necrophilia.
And if that was the case up at school, it means that all over the Island there are hundreds - no, thousands - of rooms that are worse than my daughter's.
The son of Danzig and the Secretariat-Chris Evert mare Six Crowns has yet to show the precocious brilliance of such juvenile champions as Seattle Slew, Spectacular Bid or Devil's Bag, but he already has run as well or better than such recent juvenile titleholders as Rockhill Native, Lord Avie, Deputy Minister and Roving Boy.
In the durable goods area, the report said, employment increased markedly in fabricated metal products, machinery, and electrical and electronic equipment.
The offer also included a minority share of equity in Godfather's.
In 1982, he became chief financial officer.
The firm had its roots in 1974, when Paribas and S.G. Warburg, the London merchant bank, took a 40 percent interest in the Chicago-based A.G. Becker.
John B. Anderson, the former Republican Congressman who ran for President as an independent in 1980, still holds out some hope of participating in the 1984 national election.
Bankers Acceptances11.00 Discount rate in the secondary market for bank credits created to finance trade.
Seeing her work was a major determinant in my wanting to go to the Second Stage.''
The prospective loss of $17 million means it will have to shut down many field clinics and shrink others.
The News's overall circulation superiority means that it reaches more people in almost all demographic areas than does The Post.
New York State officials are also anticipating a surplus and Mayor Koch said last week that New York City would collect about $76 million more in tax revenue this year than had been expected.
''As soon as the design work is done on any of the bridges, it goes out'' to bid.
''An indictment does not mean guilty, obviously.
Someone has computed that the typical American child sees 20,000 such pitches in a single year.
Miss Colwell then traveled north to Concord and a small room in the Ramada Inn where Mr. Cranston acknowledged the defeat that has eliminated him from the Presidential race.
The latest meeting came four days after Nicaragua announced it had accepted ''without any modification'' the Contadora Group's plan to bring peace to Central America.
Representative Trent Lott, Republican of Mississippi, third-ranking Republican in the House, accepted $2,000 from Brown & Williamson, a tobacco company, to attend a seminar on tobacco.
But Administration officials, who have been involved in intensive mediation between Angola and South Africa, said they regarded the Angolan offer as important because it marked the first time Angola had accepted the principle that Cuban troops, who have been in Angola since 1975, would be part of an overall package agreement.
When the order to pull out finally crackled over their radios, they let out a loud cheer, piled into the back of their vehicles and started down to the water.
The Brookhaven National Laboratory on Long Island would wait until the beginning of 1985 before shipping radioactive waste through New York City, under an agreement announced by city officials yesterday.
He has said firmly that if he became President, he would move the embassy to Jerusalem.
Mrs. Boylan said that the planned civil disobedience would be included in a number of activities that her group would sponsor today through Thursday.
But it argued that the attempt should be begun with reforms in divorce and education law, because it was futile to wait for action from London.
El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras - nowhere in Central America have aid programs resulted in stable, pro- American democracies, achieved without bloodshed and violence.
Other defense witnesses will include the defendants themselves; their legal counsel, Mr. Clark, and Richard Falk, a Princeton University professor and the author of some 20 books on international law.
Nessie is a seven-foot moray eel; Gobbler is a huge grouper.
But for this engagement, Mr. Stewart was joined by a saxophonist, a guitarist and the keyboardist Peter White, who also manned a rhythm machine and a Spanish guitar.
Add a tablespoon of salt, if desired.
Neither group attracted much more than a glance from the passing crowds of Saturday shoppers.
It is known for textiles, for ceramics of both the fine and high-tech variety and for a busy port that handles $23 billion worth of goods a year, mostly cars from nearby Toyota plants.
The homes, according to Northeast's estimates of heating requirements, can be substantially cheaper to heat than conventionally constructed homes.
They kept an arm's length from insight.
''It will make the budget negotiations very complex.''
But she says she loves the peony most of all.
- Svetlana Savitskaya, first woman to walk in space.
But new policies, actually moving the Democratic Party away from its modern tradition of including and encouraging minorities, would risk - in Mr. Daniel's words - forgetting its purpose and selling its soul.
I can take comfort in that and, of course, also in smaller things (potato chips in the middle of the night on call, hot-fudge sundaes with Larry and Benjamin off call - so much for good resolutions).
The minute you get the first dollar in subsidies, it creates confusion about your status.''
But not everyone belongs to a credit union, and special circumstances can change the rankings - for example, the auto companies sometimes offer interest rate incentives to stimulate sales.
''The first thing he did on taking office was ax the guaranteed student loan program for college students.''
Many Americans of no special ideology are moved to applaud, understandably moved by disgust with filthy and degrading books, magazines and films.
The regional reports demonstrated that environmental problems varied according to locale.
It said it would pay $1.75 million in criminal and civil penalties as part of the plea agreement.
Yet most of the teachers and students within a team remain within each other's hearing and sight.
According to auto executives, it is a chicken and egg problem.
Where does he propose to intervene: Central America?
It sponsored international choreography competitions starting in 1979, and the company's repertory was a wide-ranging one that included most of the major, eveninglong ballet classics.
Despite editing that chops off the last note of most performances, ''Jimi Hendrix'' makes its case with its music, as Hendrix did.
The children studied all had their hormone levels assayed at birth, have been tested repeatedly, and have been regularly observed interacting with parents, friends and teachers.
Ted Power (3-3) came on to walk Mike Marshall and load the bases, and Yeager came off the bench to belt Bob Owchinko's first pitch over the left-field wall.
The restrictions were prompted by disclosure of cases in which highly sensitive products destined for customers in such countries as Sweden, Switzerland, Austria, Finland and South Africa had been diverted to the Soviet Union.
Ever since the Jets (nes Titans) were organized in 1960, the Giants had considered them an invader of their privacy.
It has a forbiddingly urban setting.
In Hollywood, when you own all the rights to a property, you also have the right, apparently, to rewrite history, to render people invisible.
Everyone knows their names and reputations.
Mr. Mondale called his success in the Texas caucuses on Saturday a ''spectacular victory.''
Inserting a larger fuse is a dangerous practice that could cause wiring to overheat and start a fire.
Then and only then was Air Force Two headed back out onto the runway, and the campaign for the second highest office that can be bestowed by the voters of the United States of America got back into motion.
Jeffrey Nichols, a bullion analyst and president of American Precious Metals Advisors in White Plains, said that investor interest was only beginning to emerge in gold and that if buying picked up the rally could gain momentum.
He continued at a prison facility in the Bronx from which he could leave during the day for school.
Based on information from the girl and from motorists who saw the van, the police arrested Mr. Kelley three and a half hours later and booked him for investigation of murder.
He wrote as another man might chop wood or hoe a field and he delivered his work to print as casually as another man might send a friend the snapshots of a holiday in the country.
In general, according to bookstores that specialize in travel, more and more travelers want to take a closer look at other countries.
In his talk to the Saginaw school audience, Mr. Bush said, ''I have seen the respect around the world in which America is held growing from year to year.''
The best thing to be said for the Government's decision to enlarge the number of television and radio stations that may be owned by a single company is that it probably won't do any harm.
''I like to do everything myself,'' he said.
$29.98 ''Live From Long Island,'' which was originally shown on cable TV's Home Box Office, offers a close-up concert portrait of the kinetic pop- rock star whose punchy self-confidence and streetwise image have helped make him the Sylvester Stallone-cum-Jimmy Cagney of pop.
In the minds of millions of Americans, Henry Fonda made an indelible impression as Mister Roberts, both in the hugely successful Broadway play and then in the Academy Award-winning film.
That would be costly both in time and money.
One year after his electoral triumph, Chancellor Helmut Kohl leads a nation becalmed from a stormy debate over the deployment here of new medium-range American missiles.
As to arms control, which is the main subject of interest in Western Europe because of the suspension of the United States-Soviet negotiations, Mr. Shultz ''made the point that the United States is seeking a broad and open dialogue with the Soviet Union,'' a senior American official said.
''But a lot of the subsequent sales are to emulators who buy them because they are being driven by successful people.
The United States, if faced with a major cutoff of foreign oil, could substitute other energy for about 75 percent of current imports within five years, Congressional analysts said today.
Martin S. Feldstein, often considered a thorn in the supply side, is quitting as chairman of the Council on Economic Advisers.
In one of the few serious moments of the evening, Mr. Shea briefly expressed his own feelings about Mr. Hess's decision to move the Jets out of Shea Stadium.
An obvious candidate would be the militiamen loyal to the late Major Haddad.
His place on the roster will be taken by Mike McEwen, defenseman.
The charge is serious, but so is the evidence offered by Paul Anastasiades, who is also a part-time correspondent of The Times under the byline name of Paul Anastasi.
At the same time, it was learned that the S.E.C.
In settings of real and make-believe horror, investigators searched charred rubble at a New Jersey amusement park yesterday for the cause of a fire that roared through a haunted-house attraction, killing eight young people and injuring seven others.
How ironic, that a baby, the symbol of hope, should have been used to represent the month when World War II began.
Possibility of Hidden Effects Experts point out the possibility always exists that, in a drug like the beta blocker, some effects can occur without the user being aware of it.
In one prosperous neighborhood, where Hindus had chased Sikhs down an alley on the night of Mrs. Gandhi's killing, boys played cricket.
Since then, Republicans have captured the Statehouse and the State Attorney General set Feb. 28 as the date of the New Hampshire primary.
The gold medal for individual competition went to New Zealand's Mark Todd, riding Charisma, who beat Miss Stives by 51.6 to 54.2.
''I guess because I was big,'' he said.
If the taxes are delinquent, a car owner cannot register the vehicle.
The extra school hours could and should be used for study halls, where children can do their ''homework'' assignments.
Darcie White, a company vice president, said the accident was a ''weird occurrence'' that showed no signs of being a result of human error.
Queen Elizabeth II is an ardent horsewoman.
North Fung, Phyllis, Lawrence H.S.
For the prevailing opinion is that asbestos is indeed dangerous and can cause cancer in even minute exposures.
The dumping is long overdue.
''My wife went through a lot of unnecessary pain and unhappiness,'' he related.
The revised estimate makes it likely that the stockholders of the five utilities that are building the plant will have to absorb at least $100 million of the cost, under a program developed by the Public Service Commission in 1982.
Like Benjy, Omar and Billy lived in a relatively middle-class section of red- brick bungalows on the city's South Side.
That is what socialists have always believed.
And it is by that definition that I seek the Presidency, and I believe my record is self-evident.
The tax plan would let corporations deduct half their dividend payments.
Thirty of the 54 abusing fathers had no contact with their daughters in their first three years.
Unions aren't inherently good or bad.
His books are prominently displayed, and his public statements are held up as unchallengeable truths that workers hail and officials quote as authority.
In Europe, gold rose $1.65 in London, to a late bid of $346.75 an ounce, and 25 cents in Zurich, to $346 an ounce.
That year, at a historic meeting in Medellin, Colombia, Catholic bishops from throughout Latin America approved a series of resolutions urging that the ''liberating gospel'' of Vatican Council II be spread throughout the Western Hemisphere.
Executive Changes Reported The reorganization set off a number of G.M.
Analysts said that a contributing factor was the statements by two leading economists on Friday that interest rates would continue to rise this year and next.
He offered a constitutional amendment and arranged for its discussion before the Senate and Assembly judiciary committees.
As it happens, Coca-Cola, Columbia and Allen own no Time stock now, but both Roberto Goizueta, chairman of Coca-Cola, and Francis Vincent Jr., chairman of Columbia, have close ties with top Time executives.
In Bolivia, Ulrich Merten, chairman of the coordinating committee that represents 128 foreign banks, warned in his letter that if the interest payments are not restarted, the committee will recommend that the banks ''adopt whatever actions they feel are convenient.''
Following are details of those decisions and the Court's other actions today: Federal Property By a vote of 6 to 3, the Court gave a broad reading to a Federal law that imposes stiff mandatory minimum sentences on anyone who assaults or robs a custodian of ''mail matter, or of any money or other property of the United States.''
While Florida was being whipped by a tropical storm, a travelers advisory was issued for the northern and central Colorado mountains as snow continued to fall over eastern Colorado and extreme western Kansas.
That happened in the meatpacking industry, where automatic machines for moving sides of beef have eased the need for so much heaving and hoisting.
Their anxiety is understandable, but it is old news.
Dad slept well on the plane and was in better shape than the rest of us when we reached Peking, 17 hours and a day later.
SOCCER MISL - Announced sale and transfer of the Memphis Americans franchise to Las Vegas, Nev.
''We couldn't turn him down initially because we had no standards.''
''Once it gets above 1,500 or 2,000, you can look at someone you know and not recognize them.
''We have a chairman, at the moment,'' he said, adding a moment later: ''I don't know.
On Jan. 18, the State Supreme Court upheld lower court rulings in favor of the hospital, and the A.C.L.U.
''The emotion that's there when they talk about them is so strong and it's so compelling that I don't know how to interpret what they're saying in any way other than this child is reliving and remembering this terribly traumatic incident or experience,'' Dr. Phipps- Yonas said.
Mr. Van Buren and the Democrats were frantic to argue the issues.
John Martin and Frank Kennedy seemed a little like Scrooges yesterday.
Paul M. Siegel, a demographer and statistician at the Census Bureau, said: ''The answers to that question are probably not terribly reliable and should not be used to make decisions about individuals' English-language ability.
(Television - Channel 4, 1 to 3:30 P.M., tape of yesterday's race.)
He said that he was recently asked to test graduates seeking entry-level jobs in film production.
Last year she taped two Public Broadcasting Service ''American Playhouse'' dramas, appeared in a segment of ''Tales of the Unexpected'' and starred in a regional theater production of ''Buried Child.''
The vessel was on its way to Kuwait to load fuel oil.
It is often said that 20th- century music is incomprehensible to the general public.
Sandwiches come thickly layered with abundant slices of meat.
The call from N. T. Rama Rao, made in the state capital, Hyderabad, on Friday, ended speculation that he would seek to combine the local vote with balloting for the national Parliament that is scheduled Dec. 27 in his region.
Two M-16 rifles, two rocket launchers, three .45-caliber pistols and ammunition had been reported missing from the armory last Sunday, according to Lieut.
Teams would thus be able to lure foreign stars with more lucrative contracts.
Gold prices were mixed, edging higher in the United States after slipping in Europe.
In most places, however, the eclipse was just there for the watching.
David Syme was the assured if sometimes too assertive piano accompanist.
So are the people playing softball or touch- football in the park, or golf or tennis, or skiing on weekends, or whatever else people do in perspiring for the sheer enjoyment of it.
The eight soundstages are complete and have been used for such films as ''The Verdict,'' ''Arthur,'' ''The World According to Garp'' and ''All That Jazz.''
So he expressed a generalized distaste for the way the political game is played today but said nice things about most of the players.
Broadly distributed income means broadly distributed buying power and further assures high employment.
Still, all the research may lead only to a dead end or, as sometimes happens in medicine, the research findings may not benefit the afflicted at all.
April 1 is the final deadline, he added, because by that date money must be committed to ship scenery and costumes to California.
He made a nice impression on me.
It has also developed so-called adoption fairs, which include legal and financial information in Spanish and English and attorneys specializing in adoptions.
's interpretation, the Glass-Steagall Act of 1933, which generally separates banking from securities activities, applies only to national and Federal Reserve member banks.
In the backround are political questions such as Spain's entry into NATO and an effort to help both former dictatorships strengthen democracy.
The appointment of the 55-year old Mr. Murray, who is now the president and chief operating officer of the Mobil Oil Corporation, the chief subsidiary, was expected by industry analysts.
Secretary of State Shultz says one of the problems in Lebanon is the War Powers Act and that Congress is always meddling in foreign policy that neither our foes nor are friends know who's in charge.
WAR IN VAL D'ORCIA 1943-1944.
The 1983 survey concluded that growth in Western Europe would lag behind that of the United States and that Eastern Europe would continue to experience a good rate of economic recovery.
At the same time, leaders of his carefully organized campaign exhorted the candidate's field staff to renewed effort, saying that with the Iowa victory in hand Mr. Mondale could seal the nomination within three weeks.
Such districts lead to increased sales volume and better municipal services.
That it was originally attributed to another may be historically interesting but should have no significance as far as the cultural value of the work is concerned.
During the season, I'm not going to play him six days in a row.
He and others here accordingly see the creation of a repository, whether here or elsewhere, as a first step toward the possible reopening the uranium mines and mills that have been shutting down, one by one, over the past few years.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
He succeeded Patricia Bario, who announced her resignation Tuesday night.
Andree's Mediterranean is at 354 East 74th Street (212-249-6619).
''Most people do not think he's a warmonger and they know this was just a flip remark.''
''You can put anything you want inside,'' said Mr. Delouvrier, who also makes ravioli filled with truffles and celery root as well as with a combination of pig's feet, lamb's feet and calf's feet.The chef found this combination to be delicious.
There will be less depth in the women's competition, although Miss Ashford in the sprints and Miss Decker in the distance races are favored to win two gold medals each.
He said he was not in favor of either a continuing resolution or a lame duck session.
''Unfortunately, one of our biggest problems with people coming out is that they have not come to terms with dealing with disabled people,'' he added.
Administration officials say they knew such a challenge would be unpopular with women voters and women's organizations but they would not be deterred from their challenge.
Of her opponent, Vice President Bush, he said, ''She's told more about herself than Bush ever has to this day, but has anybody ever investigated Bush?''
One recent effort, Dr. Burnham said, consists of a group of 11 presidents and deans from N.Y.U., Columbia, Cornell, Fordham, Hofstra, Rochester, St. John's, Syracuse, City University of New York, State University of New York at Albany and State University of New York at Buffalo.
''The Trout and the Fly's'' major contribution to the sport is to remind the angler - with lucid prose and some brilliant photography - that one shouldn't barge up to a stream with the finesse of a plowhorse and begin flailing the water in haphazard fashion.
''It's important for a team like ours to play 40 minutes of good, intense basketball,'' said Paul Webb, the head coach.
William French Smith, the Attorney General, said the decision ''will help restore respect for the criminal justice system.''
QUESTION: With the bases loaded in the bottom of the ninth inning and the score tied, a batter hits the ball over the fence.
But although they eschew so much in a society in which almost nothing is forbidden, Orthodox Jews see all these religious observances as declarations of their faith in God's commands.
Vinyl tents, practical though they may be, do not fall into these natural curves.
''My guess is Bristol Bay will probably remain closed for a few years to allow the numbers to build up again,'' said Steve Davis, a spokesman for the North Pacific Fishery Management Council in Anchorage, Alaska.
The pups seem to have distinctive ''voices.''
Chemical fertilizers are best for the long term during soil preparation and spring planting.
But he had to give up the Manhattan job because ''I ran out of hours.''
The sale is part of Shearson/American Express's plan to strengthen its financial service offerings.
''I had a fake tree,'' Mrs. Marzan said, ''but it lost some of its screws and I thought I'd get a real one.
The highway had been closed since gusty winds turned two feet of snow into a blinding whiteout that isolated the town of Limon for two days.
In a policy statement, the A.F.L.- C.I.O.
- The New York-Beijing Friendship City Committee plans to sponsor a three-week exhibit of Chinese photography and crafts in October at the City Gallery in Columbus Circle.
Another $54 million has been budgeted by the Reagan Administration for the next fiscal year.
Before that, the neighborhood was farmland, settled first by the Dutch and later the British.
A watt from Nine Mile II would cost even more than one from Shoreham.
Even so, today's ''big boys'' pay Rozelle unstinting tribute.
Dr. Michael G. Katze was the best man.
''The professional critic wants intellectual stimulation, an esoteric experience,'' Mr. Kunzel says.
From a nearby locker, another voice was suddenly heard.
The largest increase in the period - 32.3 percent - was posted by G.M., which is offering a deferred payment plan on some cars.
Officials Question Tests But the critical officials, one of whom furnished the test result report, say Assault Breaker is both technically and tactically flawed.
''Unless you need a very sophisticated operation, you're probably better off in a controlled zone than in a Government area.''
Miss Ehinger, who is president of Microtech Inc., management consultant in Washington, graduated from Duke University and the Washington College of Law at American University.
Morgan Grenfell, an investment bank in London, acted on behalf of the creditor group, which included British and Japanese companies.
In most cases you won't have to do this around the entire house; you just install vents on those walls where peeling is a problem, and even then, only on those parts of the wall where peeling is widespread.
Even with my new position, I will sing about 60 evenings of opera, and about 60 recitals over the course of a year.
It works like this: practitioners of vocal chamber music (singers and pianists, with assisting instrumentalists as needed), drawn in by the masterpieces of the literature, come to have a curiosity and affection for its lesser byways that the general public can probably never share.
Rates: $85 to $135 for two.
''Our Deputy Mayor is a woman, and, of course, at that time women weren't even allowed to vote,'' he said.
On the other hand, describing the chaos of the New York publishing scene, his black eyebrows beetled as he remarked: ''I could take four Foreign Service officers and take over Madison Avenue.
The statement by the Secretary, Dan Meridor, came in reaction to reports last week that Israel had revised its policy and was willing to consider a pullout even with Syrian troops in place in eastern and northern Lebanon.
''My T-shirts are going a bomb,'' said Con Donovan, who runs one of the village's four grocery stores, all of which sell more souvenirs than bread these days.
There were no apparent gunshot or knife wounds, the police said.
G. B. S. There is no company in New York that serves George Bernard Shaw as effectively or exclusively as those that work in Gilbert and Sullivan, but this Irish author's bite and banter is such that sooner or later almost every company gets around to doing something of his.
Waterfront homes often sell for $300,000 or more.
Some financial planners work for commissions only.
By day's end, the dollar had climbed nearly 1 1/2 cents against the British pound and had bounced up almost 2 Japanese yen.
The provision for loan losses was $49.3 million in the second quarter, up from $35 million.
Mayor Matthews and Mr. Usry are the leading candidates.
Although the new Commissioner said he planned to bring ''fresh new ideas'' to the department, he said he agrees with some recommendations the department has made to the Legislature.
But an experimental program in which livestock growers, environmentalists and officials of the Interior and Agriculture Departments have joined forces to manage the Federal grazing lands, is demonstrating that the cowboy and the conservationist can be friends.
Leaders of the news groups indicated they could agree on limited restrictions, such as delayed filing and military censorship, so long as reporters were not excluded from combat missions and thus denied the right of independent reporting.
President Reagan, clearly troubled by the deficit issue, has thus far been unwilling to disclose the specifics of how he would cut spending or raise taxes to eliminate the deficit.
Secretary of State George P. Shultz certified today that the Salvadoran Government was eligible for continued United States military aid because it had made progress in curbing human rights abuses and in other areas.
Creation of a medical school that would stress the training of black and Hispanic doctors was said to have been tentatively agreed on by the Cuomo administration and the City University of New York.
All these approaches illuminate the past without trying to explain it too simply or rigidly.
Boston College at Georgetown, Washington.These two Big East Conference teams are nationally ranked.
Caterpillar said its physical sales volume rose 9 percent from a year earlier, but added that this was largely offset by ''lower realized prices because of severe competition.''
Among those waiting for a chance, Marolt singles out two 16-year-old Vermont skiers, Julie Furtado of Londonderry, and Diane Roffe of East Burke.
The price range is $870 to $2,000.
''This curriculum sensitizes the teaching personnel to be alert as to what to look for in children who are molested sexually.
''The Jordanians had nationalized the privately owned museum, but Israel took it over in 1967.''
For the first half, the company said earnings were $387.1 million, or $2.34 a share, up from $218.8 million, or $1.32 a share, in last year's first half, when earnings were reduced by special charges for job-reduction programs.
For the 12th month in a row, member publications showed overall gains in ad revenues and ad pages.
The bonuses to be paid to top executives of the Chrysler Corporation could be, on average, larger than those paid at the General Motors Corporation and the Ford Motor Company, according to Chrysler's annual proxy statement.
For the beautiful and dramatic ''Spring Contata,'' which opened the program, Mr. Milnes and the chorus took the trouble to learn the original Russian - and then those responsible for the program booklet threw it away by failing to print a translation.
Ransom Eaves scored 16 of his game-high 20 points in the last 10 minutes to help Seton Hall (7-8, 1-4) cut its deficit to 5 points with 1:55 to play.
The United States ended its search in Egyptian waters last week, but its allies' ships are still combing the Gulf of Suez.
1 draft choice out of Nebraska.
-Michele Alboreto of Italy, driving a Ferrari, captured the provisional pole position today, the first of two days of qualifying for Sunday's Monaco Grand Prix.
''We got 15 of our recruits there.
Only the candidates' race will be over on Nov. 6.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
If convicted, he faces up to seven years in prison.
Mr. Holmes was president of the Holmes Foundation for many years.
Interspersed with the interview, meanwhile, is old film from D-Day.
In 1942, he was given the task of developing 20 pipelines across the English Channel to supply the eventual Allied invasion of Nazi-occupied Europe.
It is, without doubt, one of the most attractive burger places in the city.
'' Acting as any obedient parent would, Berra has taken the uniform with the No.
During the debate on the electoral law, Commander Nunez and Commander Solis guided the pro-Sandinista majority in the Council to approve key Sandinista proposals.
Mr. Henze left his homeland many years ago, but he seems to have carried its mentality with him.
The company's financial results indicate that demand for its products is strong.
Because of the overcrowded conditions in the state prisons, it has been unable to place these prisoners as fast as the counties would like, according to a Correction Department spokesman.
Herbert Haeber, East Germany's senior expert on relations with West Germany, was quoted by the Communist Party newspaper Neues Deutschland as calling for a return to ''peaceful economic and political relations through dialogue.''
JAZZ It is less than a year and a half since a young Californian, Judy Carmichael, made her New York debut as pianist at Hanratty's, the club at 1754 Second Avenue, at 91st Street (289-3200).
It is good for two concerts a year at Trinity Church, at Broadway and Wall Street, and one of them will be given tonight at 8 P.M.
Dr. Benjamin removed air trapped behind the canvas with a syringe.
Later, commuter routes to the Wall Street area will be added.
For Miles Laboratories, McCann- Erickson has unleashed its creative might to redirect the company's flagship product, Alka-Seltzer, away from sufferers of boozers' blahs and to people plagued by strivers' stress.
But many commentators believe that his stock, and that of his party, is at a peak because of public sympathy after Mrs. Gandhi's assassination.
Both the Governor and Dr. Sternlieb said that Congress should pass legislation supporting urban enterprise zones to lure industry back to the cities through tax breaks and other incentives.
Instead, ''contrary to representations made to investors by the defendants that all bond funds would be applied'' to the manufacturing complex, they used the money for their personal use, the complaint said.
From 11 A.M. to 6 P.M., the Central Park South Outdoor Art Exhibit - displays of paintings and crafts - returns to the southern border of the park from Fifth Avenue west tomorrow and Sunday.
''Hundreds of workers lost jobs in Colorado and Alabama,'' he said.
In describing the Mondale organization, party officials and prominent Democrats use such phrases as ''a closed community,'' ''insulated,'' ''arrogant'' and ''uncomfortable with outsiders.''
In London, the national news agency, Press Association, reported that Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, who was represented at the Brezhnev funeral by her Foreign Minister, might attend the ceremonies for Mr. Andropov.
Mr. Ginsburg said the patient was not a prisoner and would be released to any licensed institution.
He was born in Mileto, Italy, and came to the United States when he was 3.
According to a recent article in Popular Photography magazine, the camera produced color photographs that, when published in Japanese newspapers, were almost indistinguishable in quality from conventional images.
A graduate of the University of Khartoum, he studied also at London University and Yale Law School and has taught at Columbia and New York Universities.
So, in a sense we were misinformed about Jersey.
The organization's bookings began last month.
The Vatican document on liberation theology sought to navigate between the liberation theologians and their strongest conservative critics.
At stake was not an issue but the television image.
Stock Was as High as 31 5/8 In the last year, the stock has been as high as 31 5/8.
Born in Miami to American parents 20 years ago, she was enrolled in the Children's School for the Performing Arts at the age of 5 and taken to Paris when she was 7 by her mother, a sculptor, after her parents' divorce.
They say most districts lack the means to identify the better software that does exist And in most schools only a fewteachers have the training, or the inclination, to make effective use of computers.
Mr. Goldman said he made the purchases for investment purposes.
Further growth of helicopter traffic around New York may also follow expansion of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey heliport in the Wall Street area, on the East River.
That proposal, which was introduced at the City Council 10 days ago, expands requirements for alarm and sprinkler systems in retail stores, hotels and nightclubs.
''It ends,'' Mr. Ellis said of each tip, ''when I decide to resolve it.
Unfortunately, nations and news-gathering agencies keep track of medals won.
He was convicted of lying about his business dealings with the company and one of its officers.
''Let's just say we all have to be diligent to insure that the worst does not come out of this order,'' he said.
''He said he was surprised he had knocked me down. '
Manny's parents, Manuel and his wife, Martina, now live in Rio Grande, in the industrial corridor east of San Juan, so they can be near Tere and Martina's sister.
''We do not believe that violence holds the solution to the complex problems of South Africa,'' said a State Department spokesman in Washington.
It consists of columns gleaned from The Baltimore Sun between 1920 and 1936.
''If Macklowe thinks he's going to get us out, though, he's wrong,'' Mr. Gray said.
Let stand in a warm place for 20 to 30 minutes.
The police said they took him to the hospital for psychiatric evaluation.
Despite desperate attempts to make good on delivery commitments, scarcely any industrial customers of the company's Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Corporation subsidiary were unaffected, and some had to shut down plants.
At a stormy meeting that ensued the faculty at M.I.T.
The pupils - they were from Newark's Newton Street and Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. elementary schools - were taking part in a premiere tour of the transportation facility.
The fact that neither of us likes the other system is no reason to refuse to talk.''
''Geeze, that's out of the playoffs, but it's not the end of the world,'' said Anders Hedberg, the Ranger right wing.
He called the current debate on the subject helpful, but added: ''I think that the most dangerous aspect of it - which hasn't been talked about much in the debating so far - is the ultimate danger of people thinking that the United States of America and the will of God are coterminous.''
''Her training is just beginning, and we're not sure where she stands,'' said her coach then, Robert Huang.
The ''hellish churn pounded up in a mineral mist,'' the urchin's blue skin, body slung by the ankles above the water, the chill uncaringness of the response to the ''obstruction'' - the sensations are vivid as the page is turned.
P^ate campagne - spicy, loosely ground pork and chicken - was served in generous slices, accented with cornichons, on a bed of red lettuce.
He and his wife, the actress Simone Signoret, who is considered a bona fide intellectual, were never members of the Communist Party.
Congressional elections certainly - and even senatorial elections - often become very localized, (or) individualized, and the campaigns often revolve around personal, individual characteristics.
As such, it became a borderline candidate for survival.
So I have another minute.
The deaths today brought to at least 19 the number of people killed in New Jersey fires since the New Year's weekend.
Conferees from the House and Senate today approved a requirement that private tax-exempt foundations pay out a minimum of 4.35 percent of the value of their investment assets each year as charitable contributions.
In the latest listings published in the Congressional Record, 22 organizations exceeded $100,000, up from 19 in the previous quarterly listings.
There had always been critics who complained that Mr. Shepard's earlier work was unwieldy and messy, and the playwright himself observes that he is ''a terrible storyteller.''
In her review of ''Cassandra'' (Sept. 9), Mary Lefkowitz's case against the book rests almost entirely on the novel's historical inaccuracies.
Representative Scheuer, a Democrat who has run for Congress from Manhattan and the Bronx before finally settling in Queens, is favored to win a 10th term over Robert L. Brandofino, also of Queens.
In a matter of days, or at most several weeks, Managua would be ''secured'' and all forms of communication - radio, telephone, telegraph, television, newspapers - would be in the hands of the United States military commander.
According to United States Department of Commerce figures, Japan exported $50.6 billion worth of goods to the United States during the first 10 months of this year while importing only $19.3 billion.
The recommendation runs counter to current Administration policy, which calls for more research into the causes and effects of acid rain before an expensive program is undertaken to limit emissions of sulfur dioxide from power plants and the other air pollutants that produce acid rain.
Like the President, however, his position is right-wing, and his gesture on the evening of Mr. Reagan's news conference won much admiration here.
Mazda officials have met with state and local officials and leaders of the United Automobile Workers Union.
There have been many attempts to explain this away, but the same pattern has emerged every time steeply progressive tax rates have been cut across the board.
In Japan, the issue has served to force a realization that software and other intellectual property needs protection.
He has also dug deeply into the archives, those of the British Foreign Office in particular, bringing to light a good deal of material that was not available to earlier historians of the Declaration.
That might get you a telephone number but not an address.
They also came from behind to defeat East Carolina and Florida State in the final two regular-season games last season.
We sent a fisherman to Rome, St. Peter, who didn't only occupy Rome but occupied the hearts of the people of Rome.''
The university has announced that it will put its contract proposal into effect for nonstriking workers if agreement has not been reached by Dec. 7.
Elaborating on the subject of abortion, the Archbishop said: ''This is the primordial darkness of our time; this is the cloud that shrouds the conscience of our world.
This week's largest financings are for mortgage- backed securities.
Eventually, it could become a staging area for manned flights to earth's sister planets, the official say.
Alice M. Jourdain, Vera M. Roberts and Wendell S. Johnson.
All American libraries ought to provide themselves with that kind of book; and keep them as a future biblical article.''
* Burlington Northern Inc., Seattle, has named Ronald H. Reimann vice president-public affairs.
Neeskens started and finished the winning goal, when his header after a pass by Bogicevic on the left was cleared off the line by Carlsoon's hand.
In addition to his teaching duties, last year he directed two productions on the Purchase campus: the musical ''Working,'' and the play ''Moonchildren.''
The key members of the committee were Republicans who might vote against narrow party interests and conservative Democrats who might ignore pro-Nixon majorities in their districts.
At times he would charge the net and put away one of those lovely undercut volleys.
Sales of Cadillacs increased 13 percent during the recently concluded 1984 model year, while sales of Lincolns went up 30 percent.
Fixture fees and key money usually come up in sublet situations where the rent is set by law and is below market value.
It tells of the theater organizations, the movie-house concentration, the spectacular signs and the plans for channeling all this into some sort of a future.
Mr. Chang, the institute's director, told the session he hoped the Congress would ''ultimately enhance relations between the United States and Taiwan, regardless of the nonexistence of diplomatic relations.''
One idea was to use access to American markets as leverage.
In Mount Olive, N.C., Joyce Leonard was trying to start her car in the rain when she saw a black funnel roaring toward her apartment complex.
General Li moved to the mainland in 1965, and died there four years later.
He is not easily impressed by size.
''The public believes that, because the laws have been passed, our waterways are being cleaned up, and this is not true at all,'' said Edward Lloyd, a lawyer and director of the Trenton-based New Jersey Public Interest Research Group.
The Reagan team was, he adds, ''prepared to do anything to oppose Communism,'' including covert operations and secret wars against sovereign countries (Nicaragua seems to be on Mr. Moynihan's mind here) and an invasion of Grenada in order to change its government.
''You're going to have to have all the pieces just to be a player,'' said John Thibault, director of office product marketing for Wang.
About a quarter of the increase was attributed to international loans, primarily loans to Argentina.
The combined company could have total assets of $12 billion.
Steak and salad: from $5.60 to $9.80.
'A Wonderful Extra' ''I guess we were hoping for that,'' he said.
Arias was runner- up last year, and Gomez, of Ecuador, reached the quarterfinals.
Mr. Mondale termed the United States ''the most religious nation on earth,'' adding: ''And no matter what they said in Dallas, government must not be permitted to dictate the religious life of our people.
But there are no such provisions in President Reagan's proposals.
In his servitude and wonderment, Lowell Williams is a wonderful Willie.
When I finished that song, a star had been born.
Montgomery Ward & Company said April sales increased 12.3 percent, to $460.1 million.
Mr. Bush completed his trip to Vermont tonight with several appearances in Burlington, including a question- and-answer session at St. Michael's College.
The state's Chief Judge, Lawrence H. Cooke, said too much judicial business ''is conducted in structures that are unsightly, unsafe and likely to result in prejudice.''
Mr. Neuberg, the architectural conservator at the Utah State Office of Historic Preservation in Salt Lake City, graduated from the University of Illinois and received a master's degree in architectural history from the University of Virginia.
In meetings in the last few days, the officials say, the top executives of the company have decided whether to retool the plant to build a different model of cars.
It offers to destroy its own primitive ASAT's and to accept verification against their replacement.
He is a fervent supporter of increasing financial help from the private sector.
I said we often felt guilty - if we had failed, perhaps Hitler would have not been.
Meanwhile, few of us are not familiar with hospital disaster stories, the kind that may involve a confused patient being prepared for, and possibly given, the wrong operation.
The video cassette, long underrated by Hollywood as a means of distributing movies to the public and feared as a potential drain on movie-theater attendance, is now becoming an important moneymaker for film studios.
When the talks were resumed a few weeks later, Mr. Bieber negotiated a thoroughly conventional contract that did not include the innovative stock- purchase provisions of earlier Chrysler agreements.
However, because the Canadian dollar is worth only about 75 percent of the United States dollar, Canadian union leaders assert that their real wages are well below those of their American counterparts.
''They must have published every dirty joke known.''
PHILADELPHIA (NL) - Placed Jeff Stone, outfielder, on 30-day disabled list.
Geradline Critchley Plioplys was her sister's matron of honor.
The bonds would be repaid through customers' bills.
''It did not go beyond the exchange of two or three prisoners, which could have been done by phone,'' Mr. Calero said.
The company also said it had signed a letter of intent with IGI Biotechnology Inc., Columbia, Md., to form WeyChem Inc., to make and market whey-based fermentation products.
Richard Schwartz, its chairman and president, said he and an investment group plan to make a leveraged buyout offer for all of the company's shares at $29 a share.
When it was further suggested that he might do more classics in America, he said, ''That's like growing mustard and cress on the moon.
Enter the tough guys, who say that if 5-year-olds do not measure up in kindergarten, fail them.
But in France, unlike America, that tide has yet to flow.
Organized labor has long opposed a subminimum wage, saying it amounted to discrimination, would mean the layoff of parents to employ their children at lesser rates and would not produce new jobs.
Mr. Ross acted without the advance approval of his shareholders, and that is contributing to their ire.
I can only speak to people who, consciously or unconsciously, already carry within them a similar metaphysical code.
But once the general public realizes that it has given up all the money it made, and spent, in the market in 1983, then you're going to see more selling by individual investors.''
Mr. Wright denounced the White House tactic as an attempt at ''one blind vote on a huge compendium of hastily prepared legislative nostrums.''
The first step, Miss Rosenblum said, is to call the utility company.
The aromatic scent of the box, particularly after an early morning rain, distinguishes this as a Southern American garden.
He scored by a neck over Bosun Mate in the respectable time of 1:42 1/5 for a mile and a sixteenth, but was under an all-out drive to win.
The window frames, painted green, are actually made of cast bronze.
High schools in Yonkers now require every senior to take a one-semester course, half of it devoted to keyboard skills and the other to computer literacy.
That disappointment, along with a family history of heart problems, was almost certainly a factor in his illness.
Marsalis is the first musician ever to win simultaneous jazz and classical Grammy Awards.
When Cyrus R. Vance resigned as Secretary of State in May of 1980, he was succeeded by Senator Edmund S. Muskie of Maine, who served out the remainder of the term of President Carter.
Judge Waterman, who was appointed to the bench in 1955 by President Eisenhower, wrote or helped write more than 600 opinions, including one reaffirming an order for a special New York legislative election in 1965 that the State Court of Appeals had canceled.
Once again, the rest of the nation forges ahead.
Some officials contended that students were temporary residents and that they should vote in their parents' communities.
THERE are normal people, there are very organized and neat people, and there are pack rats.
Whether she actively promotes women's issues or not, Mrs. Schwartz says, the mere presence of a woman in the boardroom is a helpful thing.
Conte (R) Y Y 2.
(In 1973, The Village Voice wrote that Mario Cuomo ''had the ability to listen and is more intelligent'' but that Mario Biaggi ''had street smarts.'')
Barbara Bergin-Leen was her sister's matron of honor and Joseph Shortsleeve the best man.
''It must be hard for the Archbishop of New York to see the people, to cover the territory.
We are the statistics that do not get counted.
Meanwhile, the older skilled workers keep retiring.
At reoffering, the coupons ranged from 5.5 percent to 9.4 percent.
His teammates sometimes get on him about fumbling.
The authorities permitted the church to have medical and legal representatives at the autopsy, another unusual move, and they kept uniformed police at a distance from the gatherings of mourners.
In the original legislation, this was set at $5 for each square foot of the 20 percent floor-area bonus.
Only the rare photo caption describes the dye or technique used to apply a particular marking.
It gave no date for the avalanche, but said it was the latest in a series of tragedies on the 18,481-foot peak caused by unqualified climbers getting into difficulty in bad weather.
But Bolinas also balked development in 1971 when it outlawed tapping into the water supply for new housing by putting a moratorium on any new water meters.
A year earlier, the company earned $273 million, or $1.64 a share.
Miss Calloway has been carving out her own musical career with roles on Broadway and on the road and dates in resort hotels and night clubs.
He is a young man with a baby's face, growing accustomed to the rigors of the National Hockey League.
''For instance, the proms and graduation will not be in this year's printed yearbook because of press deadlines,'' Mrs. Walters said.
They probably view it with unerring eye, then pull it, drape it, pin it, yank it and soft-talk it into tomorrow's notable achievement.
In addition, Mr. Weiss's salary at Warner rose to $122,791 from $55,000 ''as he became more involved in his fraud,'' according to the prosecutors.
Analysts attributed the slowdown to a drop in spending on big-ticket items such as cars and appliances.
The word dariole no longer refers exclusively to desserts.
Calling day-care a ''cost-effective and much-needed service for working parents,'' Mr. Spano said that the formula for distributing subsidies should be adjusted to increase availablity of funds in areas where there was a ''concentration of eligible families.''
In the same group, CBS was up 2 1/2, to 84 3/4, and Taft Broadcasting gained 2 1/4, to 64 3/4.
Many residents are not as well off as those who have left.
The reason Mary Kay, along with many other Texas companies, goes through such a roundabout means of shipping its products is that the United Parcel Service is forbidden to ship from one city to another in Texas.
Change on Keogh Plans At the time of the ruling, the tax agency said the change would not affect Keogh plans, and thus Keogh plan contributions would still have to be made by the time the return was filed.
Infections in the upper respiratory tract are another common cause of bad breath.
She had criticized the mission of American marines to Beirut while it was in progress, adding at the time that she worried for her draft- age son, John Jr., who is now 20.
I'm controlling to ball well.
Mr. Faris, the Post's editorial manager, did not say whether the paper intended to publish on Monday if the strike is not settled by then.
In 20 years, we have seen six generations of satellite technology - much of it in response to Intelsat's expanding needs.
I suspect that some kinds of evaluations can probably be performed now, including comparisons of hospital charges and types of services provided.
Nothing Like the First Time Nothing, said Trottier, will ever be so vivid as the feeling they had on the ice only moments after winning the first cup.
None offer calls to foreign countries at this time, except to Canada.
Jarvis said that the biggest change in Ewing as a physical player came after his junior year in high school, when he went from 6-11 to 7-foot, and from 205 to 230.
Toney then scored two baskets and Richardson one before both teams failed on go-ahead shots in the final seconds.
He's done everything he can do, it appears, on paper.
We did only a little of that.
The Cast BROWNSTONE, by Josh Rubins, Peter Larson and Andrew Cadiff; music by Mr. Larson and Mr. Rubins; lyrics by Mr. Rubins; directed by Mr. Cadiff; set and lighting design by Paul Wonsek; costume design by Tom McKinley; orchestrations by Hal Serra; musical direction by Yolanda Segovia; choreography by Cheryl Carty; production stage manager, Brian Kaufman.
''If I have contributed anything to foster-care reform and to helping S.S.C.
You have made the stakes too high.
In a cover letter that will accompany copies of the Economic Policy Council report to the state's lawmakers, the Governor said: ''In particular, we must give every assistance to the cities in their quests for employment-producing business and industry.''
Mr. Peres is coming to Washington for talks with President Reagan on Oct. 9.
Since Feb. 8, the current crew has carried out photographic surveys, cosmic research and scientific experiments, as well as tests supervised by Dr. Atkov on the effects of long-term weightlessness on the human body.
The couple are now separated.
''People have a lot of money to invest, but they are convinced for now that rates are headed higher,'' said Doug McCallister, a vice president at Prudential-Bache Securities.
For some women the effects are severe enough to be disabling.
But Mr. Wiener said the bureau withheld some documents in the Lennon file for national security reasons.
Kenny Thomas, 35, was sentenced to 20 years and $25,000.
Special provisions would be made for up to 60,000 workers expected to be laid off in the steel, shipbuilding and coal mining industries.
There are two separate theater worlds in London - one familiar and predictable to New York eyes, one alien and dazzling.
THERE is no proof that it actually happened, but unofficial historians have traced the origins of Southampton Hospital back to an act of medical heroism reported in 1908.
Other awards, given at a reception at the Central Presbyterian Church, on Park Avenue at 64th Street, went to two Criminal Court judges - Bernard Fried and Richard T. Andrias - and the Commissioner of Correction, Jacqueline McMickens.
''Politically, the American peole agree with us.
The stock closed Friday unchanged at $21.25 a share, also on the Big Board.
The West German Minister of Defense, Manfred W"orner, quickly arranged a three- day visit to Washington in July to argue his case before President Reagan and other senior officials.
Sample as much as possible but spit it out, as the professionals do.
In the case of some private partnerships, the sales represent a desire by the founders to cash in their chips.
Economists and labor experts said today that automobile workers and coal miners appeared to have struck the year's most effective blow against high inflation in the tentative contracts they had just reached.
Mr. Soling, on the other hand, said the case was ''an isolated instance,'' and that ''there is nobody as litigious as this woman.''
They will fly with a slew of Laker veterans, including the chief pilot, the route planning director and the general manager.
In this light, the shifting of the board's budget powers to the City Council, with whom the board currently shares budget powers, as well as the shifting of nonroutine contracts, and zoning and franchise matters, would be a more workable alternative.
He has moved into the leadership of the mine workers with the energy of a miner behind a pickax.
Charles Gregg is a uniformed security officer whose job is ''crowd control.''
He is survived by his wife, Polly Schoyer Brooks; three sons, Peter of New Haven, Turner of Starksboro, Vt., and Ernest 3d of Long Island City, Queens; a daughter, Joan B. McLane of Evanston, Ill, and nine grandchildren.
They were up by 10 with 10:59 left.
Dr. Charles D. Willis from Fresno, California, and his team brought ice saws and dug 17 feet down into the glacier, looking for traces of the ark, unsuccessfully.
Ambassador John D. Negroponte said any questions about the exile army's future were ''hypothetical'' since the Reagan Administration is still pursuing efforts to win Congressional approval for its covert activites in Central America.
Even conservative papers that often support Mr. Reagan's policies offered an electoral interpretation of the announcement, while some liberal or left- wing papers questioned the President's sincerity.
A Word on Justice In Jury Duty After reading Lawrence Gordon's opinion of July 8 (''Jury Duty: It Need Not Incite Boredom''), I thought it only fair to state my own opinion.
Each cruise is priced at $768 to $838, depending on the accommodations.
Even in these spare, off-the- cuff versions, the new songs showed the composer's passionate, tumbling chromaticism reaching new peaks of refinement.
If you speak Spanish, it is certainly worth a visit.
This nondiscriminatory affirmative action is aimed at breaking down the ''old-boy'' network in hiring and promotions and providing for equal employment opoportunity without contracting such opportunity for anyone else.
As one director says: ''He's one of the most inventive actors I've ever known.
After his long life in politics, Fritz Mondale cannot be expected to change his persona to something more exciting; it would be self-defeating if he tried.
They complained that the defendants, the Boeing Company and two subcontractors, had been remiss in not informing them of the incidents before last summer's trial.
Open every day; admission $1; children, 50 cents.
Six matches later, she is in the semifinals, a berth she earned today with a 2-6,6-3,6-4 upset of Jo Durie, who was seeded third in the tournament and is ranked fifth in the world.
A sign of this, they said, is that inflation in all the summit countries - including France and Italy - has dropped since 1981, and growth has risen.
Parodies, sketches, personal essays, short stories, reporting, verse.
But the intelligence budget is not only murky; it is concealed in other budgets.
''We run into each other occasionally but there is no common thread.''
BUT economics is only one reason why merger mania has hit the oil industry.
The locale is New York, where two women are murdered and their severed heads switched.
Unless the Common Market members can vote more revenue soon, the community will have to cut back on some programs and delay the process of European integration.
* Split rate, 11.75-12.00 ** Kenny Index, Kenny Information Systems Salomon Brothers estimates for bellwether issues
Simons hit his approach into a left bunker but blasted out to less than 2 feet.
At heart, ''Falling in Love,'' which opens today at the Tower East and other theaters, is an American ''Brief Encounter'' that goes on too long.
''The bulk of the job growth during the recovery has been in the service-producing sector, although one million of the increase was in factory jobs,'' Mrs. Norwood said.
Specialists in the Baroque and Classical literature often debate the details of performance practice and style; and given the number of problems, solutions and revisions the field's scholars and performers put forth every few years, listeners sometimes wonder whether any kind of objective truth about such matters can ever be attained.
Western intelligence sources admit earlier difficulties in distinguishing between SS-13's and SS-25's.
The company's long-term goals call for an 18 percent return on shareholder equity and a 12 percent return on total capital.
The House then approved the bill in a voice vote and sent it to the Senate.
Or Solicchiato or Stravecchio or Damaschino?
His father, he said, worked in Mongolia for three years to earn enough money for the cheapest Soviet car.
In 1976 and 1977 laboratory tests disclosed a high incidence of cancers and birth defects in test animals.
No one on the ground was injured, he said.
Mr. Davila said preliminary information indicated that the bomb was either made from plastic explosives or from Claymore land mines.
The bride was attended by Timerey Anne Katherine Bush as maid of honor and Sandra Goadsby Mannix as matron of honor.
A $50 million sale of 182-day paper resulted in an average rate of 11.046 percent, down from 11.156 percent a week ago.
The bride, who is retaining her name professionally, is a merchandiser for D. B. Rosenblatt, a women's clothing manufacturer in New York.
And the publishers, two feuding brothers, have been ordered by a state district judge not to talk to reporters from other news organizations.
''Right now,'' a State Department official said, ''all we can do is make the abuses a public issue and hope international pressure will help.''
The economic advantage of operating Shoreham, therefore, is roughly $13 billion over its entire life: a total of $4.28 billion in dollars of 1983 purchasing power - nearly $140 million a year for 30 years.
For example, in a concurring opinion, Associate Justice Sandra Day O'Connor wrote that a court may use its remedial powers ''only to prevent future violations and to compensate identified victims of unlawful discrimination.''
Following are results of yesterday's auction of new Treasury notes due in five years, two months: (000 omitted in dollar figures) Average Price99.809 Average Yield11.02% Low Price99.770 High Yield11.03% High Price99.887 Low Yield11.00% Accepted at low63% Total applied for$18,977,375 Accepted$6,756,522 N.Y. applied for$15,995,687 N.Y. accepted$6,002,412 Noncompetitive$479,000 Interest set at11% The 5-year notes mature Feb. 15, 1990.
Calvin Tomkins, in his ''Merchants and Princes,'' reports that Burroughs's coups included the first Cezanne to enter a public collection, ''La Colline des Pauvres,'' Bruegel's ''Harvesters'' and Van Eyck's ''Crucifixion and Last Judgment.''
From various facets of Ogilvy & Mather are emerging three totally different advertising efforts.
This ingredient, m ere de vinaigre in French, is essential to the preparation of decent vinegar from wine, leftover or other, in the home.
Walter F. Mondale, moving to stem a tide of pessimism among Democrats about his Presidential candidacy, has asked Robert S. Strauss to form a council of senior party leaders to advise him on campaign strategy.
About 200 evacuees took refuge in the gym at Pinebrook School about two miles west of Mr. Morrison's home.
For example, in June 1981, over 500 Uniondale area citizens signed petitions to the Town Board for evening hearings on the Coliseum Towers project (now known as EAB Plaza).
Since 1948, Mr. Shannon said in a statement, it has been a federal crime to take part in any military action against a foreign nation with which the United States is at peace.
David Berst, the director of enforcement for the N.C.A.A., acknowledged that there were rumors that some agents have promised to obtain drugs for their young clients.
The Fed needed someone who could find out exactly - and quickly - what was going on and who could mediate among the warring financial institutions, each of which argued that the others should take the loss.
RCA has lost about $575 million on the videodisk system, a product it once considered so important it was dubbed the company's ''Manhattan Project.''
Acquired From Raiders The Giants acquired Hill from the Los Angeles Raiders the week before the season, and he has had problems with play-to-play coverages.
In a spontaneous demonstration throughout Saturday night, thousands of people of all parties crowded July 18 Avenue in Montevideo, waving flags, blowing car horns, singing and dancing.
FELDSTEIN: That's what they thought they were going to do.
''It includes every racial and ethnic group that has settled in America and, like many other neighborhoods around the country, it is threatened with change and economic uncertainty.''
''Without mechanization there wouldn't be any tomatoes in Ohio today.''
''The insecurity of what we're doing does scare me at points,'' Mr. McKenna-Lee said, ''particularly with regard to the children.
In 1974, Johnny Rutherford qualified on bumping day, started in the 25th position and won the first of his three 500 crowns.
Langdon Winner's review called attention to the book's discarding of ''stale categories'' and its ''spirited defense of contemporary composition.''
The money was supplied by a Miami drug dealer, the affidavit said.
The camera is so small that it can even be attached to a hockey stick.
Discussing tax overhaul, he said he was sounding out proponents of rival plans to see how to combine the best elements of their proposals.
The company said the results for the year-ago quarter do not reflect the activity of the recently acquired operations of Allied Automation Systems Inc. since it was made effective Sept. 30, 1983, applying purchase accounting principles.
In New York City, where I reside, anyone (blue-collar, white- collar or ''wealthy American'') can easily figure out that I need to earn at least $60,000 before taxes (Candidate Mondale's ''wealth threshold'') to pay for the education of one of the most precious things in life - my children - leaving me and my wife $11,000 for housing, food, clothing and the rest.
Gershwin's ''It Ain't Necessarily So,'' on the other hand, had none of the smoothness or grace that Jascha Heifetz's arrangement intended for it.
You may bring your lunch and eat it while you listen.
The embassy in West Beirut was destroyed in a truck bombing in April 1983 in which 63 people were killed, including 17 Americans.
b-After losses from discontinued operations of $93,000 for the quarter and $302,000 for the 9 months.
The Pirates battered the reliever Jim Kern (0-1), who was making his first appearance and pitched the entire 12th.
Alan S. Greditor, an analyst at Drexel Burnham Lambert, agreed.
Why did the police and prosecutors make no greater effort to investigate the crime?
They castigate Israel and attack the United States.
Its needs are small, but special.
At the Norman Thomas Theater, 111 East 33d Street.
Daniel Neiden as Motel, the poor tailor, and R. Michael Baker as Perchik, the radical student, exude a vision of the world to come as their characters face problems ranging from family to revolution.
He failed three times at 5.20.
London's Hard Rock Cafe Getting New York PartnerIsaac Tigrett is the man who is said to have brought the hamburger and other American food to London when he opened the Hard Rock Cafe there a dozen years ago.
Moslems have been coming into Assam since the turn of the century, well before India became independent, but there has been a surge in their numbers since the 1960's and the establishment of Bangladesh in 1971.
*Pour reserved oil back into skillet, adding more if necessary.
A week ago, one of the bill's strongest supporters estimated warily that its chances were ''no better than 50-50.''
may require that the Olympic identity cards be counter-signed on behalf of the government of the country of the holder, confirming the holder's nationality and his right to travel to the country of the Olympic Games and return to his own country.
The attacks for which they have been arrested began Dec. 9, three days after a huge bomb destroyed a Jerusalem bus, killing 6 Jews and wounding 41.
His actions, the argument went on, had the appearance of collaboration but in fact were undertaken to lessen the harshness of Nazi rule by keeping for France an area of independent action.
SOCAL'S stake in its latest takeover bid, however, is a different story.
Notwithstanding, the 10 articles inevitably will describe the school's or program's necessary administrative bric-a-brac, such as lively parents' councils or a connection with a nearby business or a sequence of staff meetings from which emerged a clear set of objectives for the school.
A second 13- year-old girlfriend of the suspect also was charged.
''Crude prices are riding the heating oil tail and crude prices are expected to rise on their own in the fourth quarter.''
What you see is what you get.''
Classes will be given at Wave Hill in Riverdale and at the College of Mount St. Vincent, also in Riverdale.
One bill, by Senator Richard Van Wagner, Democrat of Middletown, would encourage municipalities to buy developable land and get into the home-building business to exercise greater control over density.
He is also believed to be seeking Iran's support for the troop withdrawal negotiations between Lebanon and Israel that resumed last week.
The company has two main licensing agreements - one with Burlington Industries, which produces sheets, and the other with Henredon, an American furniture maker that will be designing sofas and chairs with Laura Ashley fabrics.
AN INTERRUPTED LIFE: The Diaries of Etty Hillesum, 1941-1943.
She said that in return for her testimony, she had been allowed to plead guilty to misdemeanors and expected to be sentenced to do community-service work.
c-After losses from discontinued operations of $9,000,000 for the quarter and $11,000,000 for the 9 months.
Mr. Murdoch was less enthusiastic about the work of the boxes since, he said, only about 600,000 copies of the Gannett paper are sold through them.
''First of all, I'm not looking for a job,'' Mr. Jackson said in response to a question.
Her first marriage ended in divorce as did her husband's.
The Yankees sent nine men up in the sixth inning and again in the seventh.
Unless the unions and the agency reach agreement on their own beforehand, their disputes are to go before an arbitration panel Oct. 19 for a binding resolution, under Federal law.
He became vice president of sports marketing and sales in 1980.
All of these actions are illegal, as is the pirating of the movies.
I knew - and yet I shifted Leora into a more comfortable position in my arms and took care to protect her from the steamy water.
We had won four in a row, now we had a chance to win five in a row and it was all on me.
Exercise Goals People intent on exercising at home must decide whether they seek aerobic conditioning (which increases the efficiency of the heart), muscular development, weight control, flexibility or the release of muscular tension.
In November 1982, when it was no longer possible to care for him at home, he entered Roosevelt Hospital where his course varied day to day and hour by hour.
It was a good finish for Moyers because his shot came from a rather sharp angle and at a time he was being chased by Gary Collier and Paulo Moura.
* Hi-G Inc. , an electronics company in Windsor Locks, Conn., said it had agreed in principle to acquire Tritel Corp. of Costa Mesa, Calif., for 75,000 shares of Hi-G's common stock.
John Bach, Tim Lee, Greg Naughton, Tania Bristowe.
Riabouchinska and Lichine once again were seen in their old roles, Alpheus Koon was the Headmistress and the General was played by John Taras, currently a ballet master of the New York City Ballet.
But now companies are tailoring their stores to reflect community life styles.''
In five minutes, she was able through body English and verbal insinuation to project the character of a Southern woman who was, the actress said, ''both extraordinarily prejudiced and extremely attracted to a black man.''
At the State Attorney General's office, David Fishlow, the deputy press secretary, says: ''If we had any complaint, it would be something the Attorney General would take a look at.
must cease at age 70 1/2, and withdrawals must begin.
This liberalized system, some Indians believe, represents the best of both worlds: You have the security of knowing that your parents are looking out for your interests, plus a ready mechanism for meeting a mate.
Their yearning is an enduring source of friction and instability.
Midland Energy was under pressure yesterday, dropping 3 1/2, to 22 5/8, following the news that an offer to purchase the company by Freeport McMoran at $30 a share was oversubscribed.
The highlight of the program for this listener was a long Waslah, a traditional Cairo medley form, comprising various instrumental solos (some played against an odd, dissonant ostinato strum on the qanun and 'ud) and a wailing vocal line derived, according to Dr. Racy, from Andalusian music.
Gross, helped by his size, gains ground on his starts and turns.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Does Mr. Fowler really believe that unemployment is caused by a lack of educational achievement?
JoAnn Giam Is a Bride JoAnn Jacquelin Giam, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Jack Giam of Briarcliff Manor, N.Y., and Centerville, Mass., was married yesterday to Stephen A. Schoepke, a son of Mr. and Mrs. Maurice Schoepke of Santa Fe, N.M. Justice Francis Nicolai of the New York State Supreme Court performed the ceremony at the Sleepy Hollow Country Club in Scarborough, N.Y.
The union's charges were the latest in a series of complaints that officers' two-way service radios fail in many of the spots they must cover.
Astronomers recording radio waves emitted from the core of the Milky Way galaxy have detected enormous structures there suggesting the presence of unsuspected magnetic fields of great strength.
And many Japanese executives are growing increasingly pessimistic that it ever will, at least in the same way it did in autos and consumer electronics.
Fighting crime on the subways is a complex and difficult task that requires a separate, unique police force specially trained for the job.
'They Made Everyone Miserable' Turning the Democratic issue of whether he is fair to all sectors of the economy on his critics, Mr. Reagan drew laughter from the gathering of about 4,000 people when he said, ''There was only one thing fair about their policies: they didn't discriminate; they made everyone miserable.''
The deduction is available only in the year that the debt becomes worthless, so ''you really have to stay on top of it,'' said Mr. Straus.
Governments Watch Students Several students and their professors said American campuses would be even more fertile ground for Islamic political ideas if various governments in the Islamic world did not keep such close tabs on their students abroad.
Mr. Sciarratta and Joanna Sherman, the managing director of Bond Street, both had experience applying for grants for the theater.
Instead, they all spoke about the new season coming up.
Curtain Up: 'Feds' On the reasonable theory that Washington is full of people eager to laugh at the bureaucracy, a group of amateur writers and performers will present the world premiere of a muscial comedy called ''Feds'' tomorrow evening at George Mason University in suburban Fairfax, Va.
First, the Court ruled injunctions against state officials, as well as damage awards, are barred if based on state law.
There are the outrigger canoes of Sri Lanka; the barge-like boats of the Nile, and the jangodas, the balsa rafts of Brazilian fishermen.
One major change asked is to emphasize that people with chronic mental disorders ''may be much more impaired for work than their signs and symptoms would indicate,'' and thus their condition often deteriorates when they encounter ''stressful circumstances'' or they lose the support of a supervised group home or halfway house.
In the other 54 constituencies, there was no opposition, no ballots were cast and Mr. Seaga's colleagues simply took office.
White Rock expects this year's sales to total 1.2 million cases.
Accompanying text, written long before Mr. Scioli's rent problems, tells of Brooklyn Heights's ''desire to preserve its individual identity and resist the encroachment of commercial uniformity''; of the bookstore ''reaffirming the theme running through all of Renoux's work, idiosyncratic charm,'' and of ''the close identity of the store with its particular community'' being ''something dear to Renoux.''
This differential vote of the gender gap may amount to three million or four million of the estimated 50 million votes to be cast by women in 1984.
Spain and Guatemala will renew diplomatic relations at a ceremony here on Saturday after a four- year break, the Colombian Government, a mediator, said today.
A 14-year-old boy hurrying to meet relatives after arriving by jet grabbed the wrong suitcase at an airport luggage carousel and wound up with $1 million worth of cocaine and a loaded pistol, the police said today.
Now place the third log on top so that it is roughly centered over the two logs under it, then check to make certain that the chimney damper is fully open before you actually try to light the fire.
One of the nation's largest local oil dealers, the Meenan Oil Company of Syosset, L.I., has not built its traditional summer supplies in preparation for the fall heating season because of fears that a major price drop would cause big losses on inventories.
''It's an undiscovered community of artists,'' he said.
''The critics say we shouldn't even mention peer review in the study, but you can't hide your head in the sand when some 30 states are already looking at the idea.''
As the music climaxes, her units of dancers break apart, seemingly disappearing into nothingness - Miss Tipton's wall of light.
The minute-and-a-half length, he said, gives him adequate time to demonstrate the consumer benefits of the product, unlike the standard 30- second and 60-second spots.
A Television Draw Buckley managed to get Starling three fights on network television last year: a fourth-round knockout of previously undefeated Jose Baret and 12-round decisions over Kevin Howard, Leonard's opponent on Feb. 25, and the previously undefeated Tommy Ayers.
Most of my Visa charges were not billed to me until Nov. 10, however, and most MasterCard charges not until Nov. 15.
The Islanders get another chance to move into a first- place tie with their local rivals.
''There's a limited number that's so inclined in the first place,'' he said.
She was almost too good to be true, almost as colorful as a character or conversation piece as she was as a poet.
There's no blame here, only confusion and compassion.
I think it is illegal to send arms, but I don't know how you stop funds.''
At worst, only the judges were inconvenienced by having to drink the stuff.
Dissidents in both groups have been reluctant to support the opposition because of its refusal to exclude the Communist Party, which supports an armed struggle, and because of what they say is its lack of any real plan to solve the country's economic problems.
The Court will decide what happens to the royalties earned by recordings of a song after the original owner of the copyright has revoked the publishing arrangement under which the song has been recorded.
I joined body-surfers, riding the waves in; waist deep, I did my other water trick, a somersault.
The final certification of the primary vote will be done by the Democratic Party.
''We have received our season's greetings from the Vatican,'' the signers were quoted as saying.
Now, for three occasions, one after another, our Embassies were assaulted in the same way by a truck with demolition.
Socialism would destroy wealth; Republicanism would prevent its abuse.''
Many members said it was the most difficult decision they could remember making.
''I couldn't admit to trying to lose a game.''
A stranger revealed as a friend.
For whatever else he was, the field marshal was a professional.
Mayor William J. Vichiconti said many residents commuted to Manhattan, about 50 miles away.
Lasorda, watching from the press box, said: ''The right fielder has to catch that ball.
Mr. Flagg, who was 83 years old, had suffered several strokes.
A fierce debate in Congress last year over additional American contributions to a new subscription of capital highlighted the pressures on this side.
A good deal of the social history of camping is mirrored in Camp Dudley.
The dollar opened the trading day lower, as it fell 241.05 Japanese yen in Tokyo, from 242.60 yen late Tuesday.
The woman responded, ''Probably he is.''
''It seems designed to ward off the well-deserved criticism that this administration has often given blank checks to developers in the guise of economic incentives,'' Miss Bellamy said.
and Oakland were encouraged by the dissenting opinion of Spencer Williams, a Federal District judge temporarily on the appellate panel.
There are many who applaud Mr. Helms for having the dynamism to put the program into high gear but who question whether all the proposed components form the basis for a tightly integrated system.
He's a nice, kind horse and he loves to run.
''It was also a social gyroscope that kept Boston from teetering into the wrong hands.
The letter said the Reagan Administration's activities in support of paramilitary attacks on Nicaragua ''appear to violate'' the Neutrality Act and ''strike at the heart of the Congressional power to declare war.''
Though Americans are aware of this or that act of official lawlessness, most do not perceive the overall pattern.
Even gaudier were Mr. Nero's variations of ''I Got Rhythm,'' in which he and the orchestra glossed the styles of half a dozen composers, from Mozart to Prokofiev.
''Mom and Pop'' fruit stands, as well as their wholesale competitors, experienced the lowest sales increase during the period - 5 percent.
study, the average age was 40, and 23 percent of those surveyed were found to be under 30.
David C. Cole, who late last month abruptly resigned as chairman and chief executive officer of Ashton-Tate Inc., one of the nation's leading computer software companies, yesterday was named president and chief operating officer of the Ziff Corporation, which has extensive holdings in information companies and computer publications.
Several Administration officials said today that that some of the broad options presented to President Reagan at his Cabinet meeting last week included some reduction in the planned growth of the military budget.
One well-known panel drawn by him showed a man walking down a sunny street under an umbrella and soaked to the skin by rain falling only under his umbrella.
I do know that we'll be looking at a $25 million investment running across the screen Monday-to-Friday.''
Dr. Millard Hyland, the Westchester County Medical Examiner, said after an autopsy that the girl had died of ''asphyxia due to compression of the neck.''
Information : Magnolia Plantation, Highway 61, Route 4, Charleston, S.C. 29407 (803-571-1266).
Mr. Rudman's snappy direction insures that they bring energy and tension to what the set finally represents: that urban hermitage, Willy Loman's fragile, oppressed and embattled mind.
Unexpected Problems Martin Kenwood, managing partner of Franklin Associates, a property management and investment concern based in Paterson, N.J., got his first car telephone 10 years ago and had it replaced with a cellular model last week.
* RCA Corp. said it had agreed to sell its North American Company for Property and Casualty Insurance to a company organized by Kramer Capital Corp. and Ralph C. Hemp, North American's president; terms were not disclosed.
He contends that big corporations are behind his jailing and civil lawsuits filed against him by Bishop May, who has moved to expel Mr. Roth from the ministry.
He also displays that same air of calmness no matter the chaos around him.
- The City Department of Health, which licenses day-care centers, does not have access to the register.
In addition, he said, if a car drives out of range of the antenna, the call is interrupted.
Between a campaign contribution and a bribe, Senator Russell Long said, there is ''almost a hair's line of difference.''
did have its rewards, says McLaughlin, now the starting quarterback and passing fancy at Hofstra, which is 6-0 this season and ranked fifth among Division III schools.
The award itself, a rendering of Dr. Prezioso, will be presented by the council's president, Anita C. Jankowski .
Noteworthy is the Ch^ateau d'Ouchy Hotel, built into the well-preserved keep of a 13th-century fortress with a watchtower on a peninsula a few steps from the Metro terminal.
Just about everyone was delighted with - and made a fuss over - the family cat curled up and sleeping on the bed in the master bedroom.
; two sons, John P., of Philadelphia and Niels O., of Piedmont, Calif.; two brothers, Philip and Richard, and a sister, Josephine Y.
On a recent, large job, she had only six weeks to complte a 16,000 square-foot house.
''There's a lot of evidence to suggest this was at least partly a pre-emptive coup,'' a senior diplomat said.
'Diseases of Civilization ' Scientists now realize that there is great diversity among the different hunter-gatherer societies, and that those persisting into this century had long been altered by their contacts with agricultural peoples.
The army continued its operation to round up Sikh militants.
"We were greatly reinforced by what we saw of the President's performance last night," said Jim Johnson, the campaign chief for Mr. Mondale, who quickly came out of his Iowa caucus victory Monday with a direct attack on the President for exhibiting "leadership by amnesia."
''If you can feel like that, you have nothing to be ashamed of.
The Security Council unanimously passed a resolution today keeping the United Nations peacekeeping force in Cyprus for another six months.
''The first thing I've got to do is to get a cycling coach,'' said Mr. Hoffman.
The Rasmussens import many of the ingredients directly from Denmark and improvise with others, such as the wahoo mousse.
Philippines The survey found a mixed picture in the Philippines.
Admission is $2 ($1 for students; those under 12, free.)
Trying to please both Mr. Jackson and the influential Southern state party chairmen he himself has courted, Mr. Mondale has suggested that some run-offs discriminate and some do not, and that he is against the bad ones.
On May 26 he obtained a hand-printed statement from the head physician, Dr. Richard Johnson, saying, ''No medical treatment can result in any material improvement.''
So, until Sept. 30, the sky is the limit.
''You can put years into it.''
The Thomas Hearns-Luigi Minchillo title fight, marking Hearns's first defense of his World Boxing Council superwelterweight crown, has been set for Feb. 11 in Detroit.
In his preface, Mr. Ginsberg says, ''Reader may further observe poetic energy as cyclic, the continuum a panorama of valleys and plateaus with peaks of inspiration every few years.''
What do I know about burlesque Now 50ish, though she looks far younger, Terry Allen Kramer has always loved the theater.
The machine-tool industry fears that companies with software expertise could win important orders to build automated factories by buying low-cost machine tools from other companies, foreign or domestic.
The city's Housing Maintenance Code and the rent-stabilization law requires an owner to paint every three years.
''Washington plans a noisy international pageant starring the U.S. President to celebrate the anniversary,'' Mr. Kraminov wrote this week in Pravda, the Communist Party newspaper.
It is a reasonable place to get a hearty meal, particularly since it caters to loggers.
The atmosphere at the United States Military Academy at West Point is anything but relaxed, and it is thriving, because of patriotism, conservatism - and the education is free.
So, instead, Mr. Dwyer decided to take matters, and pen, into his own hands and do the booklet himself.
On Saturday, March 10, participants will visit the Metropolitan Museum of Art to view a living room in a country house designed by Frank Lloyd Wright from 1912 to 1914.
It also includes the double self- portrait of 1933, in which Berard gives himself the air of a rueful youngish woman far gone in fat.
They furiously pedal exercise bicycles, with digital calorie burn-rate readouts, on their way to where they are going.
Elite Straight 4 - Stanford.
But I was picked among the 16 playwrights and went to the conference center for a month in the summer of '82, and I was renewed in the summer of '83.
Professor Soren believes the same earthquake leveled Paphos at the western end of Cyprus, as well as Kourion in the south.
And if they have it, try the mango sorbet for dessert ($3.50).
It's not an impossibly complex problem.
The price of chickens, potatoes and fats and oils decreased.
The Bridgeport staging by Douglas E. Moser is some notches above the theater's most recent efforts, but not so Dottie Fields's choreography.
At the same time, O'Neil's ''Long Day's Journey Into Night'' is the largest selling title in Yale University Press History, having sold 813,738 copies during the last 22 years.
''This man not only used poor judgment, but he violated clear-cut rules of the department,'' Mr. Ward asserted.
Neither the ship's registry nor its type, passenger or freighter, is important to us; it is the dog we are concerned about.
There are no porters at French airports.
The specialty of the house, of course, is pork, everything from Cantonese-style roast suckling pig ($5.95 for a small portion, $10.50 for a large one) to spicy white cooked pork with garlic sauce ($7.50), barbecued pork butt ($5.25 small portion, $9.50 large), minced pork sauteed with corn, bell peppers and pine nuts ($8.95), and much more.
In Austin, lawn- watering restrictions that placed residents on a five-day watering cycle, under penalty of a $200 fine, ended on Sept. 30, as they usually do at summer's end.
The figures for both year-ago periods were restated to reflect discontinued oil and gas exploration and production operations.
When the cost savings reached little more than half the goal - and Sears asked Easco to hold on to more inventory - the company was caught in a classic profit squeeze.
With the generous help of the Community Service Society and with matching funds from the state, the city has acted to extend the life of these programs.
''We have 15,000 acres of parkland, more than half of which is heavily forested, so this is vital for proper planning and preservation.''
The corporation plans to redesign and rebuild the dilapidated park for a cost estimated at $18 million, and erect a huge glass restaurant facing the park.
John Sermos, one of the instructors, skated professionally for 10 years with ''Holiday on Ice.''
The Schneider bill is the most drastic, for it would impose a three-year moratorium on the catching of the species.
This will be the last segment of Hartz's Harmon Cove development, where nearly 1,200 low- and high-rise condominiums have been built since 1975.
''What will happen now is that the misfortunes of Polish film makers will become a purely local problem,'' said the film maker, who asked not to be identified.
There, the audience received only a flimsy leaflet, yet even that contained an account by Mr. Mamet himself of working in a real estate office and a fine appreciation of his plays by the critic John Lahr.
The department said the program had been revised to meet objections from environmentalists.
Longo's mixed-media work might be described as apocalyptic pop.
''Hit the water wrong, and you can compress a few vertebrae.''
The comparisons were 34 to 69 in 1979 and 25 to 76 in 1983.
To illustrate the appetite for such issues, Eltek's initial offering was 92 times oversubscribed.
Long of Louisiana, the former chairman and now ranking Democrat on the Finance Committee, appoints the Democratic conferees.
THE world's truly dedicated partygoers can breathe a sigh of relief.
Our whole progress in the last 7 to 10 days has been me closing a gap with Walter Mondale.
Sun is the state's second-largest bank holding company, with assets of $8.9 billion.
''Some are with just one person, others are our more customary roundtables with two or three people.
During the April- through-June period, analysts at Griggs & Santow noted that rates rose during ''the Treasury's lightest financing quarter of the year.''
Mr. Carson's current contract, which he signed in October 1982, was due to expire next September.
Cruelty only works in the short run.''
To press this point, one militant group has planted bombs that have ripped through French Government installations and other so-called symbols of colonialism in Guadeloupe and other overseas departments of France.
Then another question, in his curious singsong voice: ''Does it swivel?''
Erving missed on a last-second shot.
for the kind of help you need today.''
Judge Rothwax's opinion was evaded, but his useful objection calls for rigorous inquiry.
I am now ashamed of all that.''
b-Including income from discontinued operations of $70,000 for the quarter and $722,000 for the year.
''Both sides were just too tired to continue anymore today,'' Mr. Paterson said.
''At this time of transition in Moscow, let me reaffirm the basic principles of our policy toward the Soviet Union,'' he said in his statement.
CAP, as it is called, was founded six years ago by Meryl Levitz, its executive director, Steven Poses, owner of Frog restaurant, and Elizabeth Cohen, chief operating officer of the Jefferson Bank, to serve small businesses.
For example, from August 1982 to August 1984, employment among assembly-line workers and other operators increased by 429,000, or 2.6 percent, while employment among precision production workers and other skilled trades people increased 1.5 million, or 12.4 percent.
''One reason I like the stock is because it is not favored in Wall Street,'' Mr. Thieme said.
It comes top of the list for many a visitor from overseas, and when Prof. Francesco Valcanover, superintendent of the Venetian museums, was asked not so long ago to remodel the Ca d'Oro, a great Venetian town house long closed for repairs, he said that he would do his best to make it ''something like the Frick.''
These days Mr. Hopperton describes the trip as a ''boxcar odyssey,'' and he calls his book ''a guidepost for those who have a dream and a will to make it come true.''
No printed reproduction nor any reconstruction (as in the Joffrey Ballet's superb revival of ''Parade'') can prepare one for the effect created by a first encounter with this curtain at the museum.
Senior executives of the Union Carbide Corporation, confronted with the worst industrial accident in the company's history, said today that it might take two to three weeks to determine the cause of the poisonous gas leak at their pesticide plant in Bhopal, India.
What does one call the incessant and almost ritual and frenetic killing of untouchables by upper-caste Hindus?
His lawyer has said that O'Brien is the victim of mistaken identity; a look-alike friend of the 23-year-old quarterback has told the jury that he, not O'Brien, was involved in the brawl.
In the afternoon, the sun and powderhounds shift over to Gad Valley, where, by taking two chairs, skiers can either try the expert trails such as Regulator Johnson, a huge bowl with a vertical drop of 1,304 feet or the expert and intermediate runs of Gad 2, at 10,000 feet.
We plan to replace the tapes and repaint the slats.
Oil executives said they understood that Arco had already signed a confidentiality pledge with Gulf and that, in return, Gulf had revealed much data about itself to Arco so that Arco could bid with exact knowledge of what it would be getting.
Southern Pacific, which is based in Chicago, said the repurchased shares would be used for various corporate purposes.
On the beaches and beyond Getting There Flights to Cozumel are available from New York, Miami and a number of other cities in the United States.
White House officials said a week ago that the President is likely to nominate Martha Seger, a Central Michigan University finance professor with a background in banking in the Detroit area.
By failing to mention this, the article helps perpetuate a currently popular myth: that nonprofit service agencies need only pluck and ingenuity to avoid reducing services in response to funding cuts.
Once the state agency settles these complaints, the registration material will be punched into a computer, where it will be instantly available to landlords, tenants and regulators at district offices in each borough.
Mr. Smith said he took the slippers, which the police said he valued at $20,000, from a red and white gingham pillow in a locked cabinet and put them in the box.
A strange twist indeed on this year's debate over ''monolithic'' religious views.
''We're always assuming that the state will be able to pay attention to us alone,'' he said.
Tour and Chronology Included The disk also contains - in motion, color and sound - a tour of the National Gallery guided by its director, J. Carter Brown.
It is only by chance, they say, that they are in the United States and their relatives are barred from entering.
''Joe Glaser, who booked Louis Armstrong, also booked the Big Four,'' he said.
He said their inclusion in the order of battle at a higher figure in 1967 would have ''misled'' the press into thinking that the overall size of the enemy's ''real fighters'' had grown markedly.
As one colleague said jokingly at intermission Thursday night, Cimarosa always threatens to turn into Mozart but never does.
''They say things take time and I am too anxious.''
That, it turns out, is what the 35- year-old former pro does these days - as an anesthesiologist at Temple University Hospital in Philadelphia.
The nation's 39,113 delays in July represented a 127 percent increase over July 1983, and August set a record with 44,372 delays.
''There is a structural change - deregulation,'' he said.
She denounced unnamed opposition figures still ''stuck'' in what she characterized as Vietnam-era willingess to criticize the Government.
The wine-cream sauce enveloping a salmon fillet was totally devoid of character, and the graceless clump of green grapes ''adorning'' the plate did little to counterpoint, in looks or taste, the blandness of the dish.
But they add that the effects of such declines - in lower stock prices, for example - have already been felt and thus the companies' condition will not deteriorate sharply.
When you're doing an adaptation of a book, you don't have the scope of a book, or the ability to meander about and do as many subplots.
''I've followed his career for years,'' Mr. Ruane said.
Asked what those had been, he replied, ''That is what I am waiting to hear.''
'We Understand the Problems' Dennis Feldman, an F.A.A.
AN Austrian who detests Austria and Austrians, a human being who confronts humanity with the greatest mistrust, a writer who puts his faith in writing even while his every sentence attests to his doubt of its efficacy, a man for whom life is at best grotesque and the grave is the goal cannot help attracting the brighter children of a century that flirts with torment and skirts doom.
'' Moving Out of Space And Into New York When Ivan Reitman, who produced and directed ''Ghostbusters'' (at Loews State and other theaters), saw an early draft of the screenplay, he had a problem: ''So little of it took place in the tristate area, and so much of it took place in outer space.''
No less significant, social workers say the death squads are generally supported by slum-dwellers who feel terrorized by criminals.
EDWARD FRANKLIN FELCH, 36, of Salisbury, Mass., and Patrick Joseph McCabe, 25, of Dover, N.H., both civilians, who saved a sailor from suffocation after a leak of Freon gas aboard the submarine U.S.S.
To the Editor: Our 7-year-old was en chanted by the small museum called Musee Grevin, 10 Boulevard Montmartre, in Paris.
Bonnie Davidson a Bride Bonnie Mae Davidson, a daughter of Dr. and Mrs. Charles H. Davidson of New Rochelle, N.Y., was married yesterday to Michael David O'Gara, a son of Mr. and Mrs. Martin J. O'Gara of West Babylon, L.I.
One of the most delightful aspects of the proposal is that ''administrative'' officers would carry it out rather than judges.
Any security, or other asset, can be used for swapping, but tax-exempt bonds are the traditional favorite, because one bond can be easily substituted for another that has similar characteristics.
As the Byelorussian party chief, Mr. Ponomarenko was involved in the partition of Poland in 1939, when part of the territory that passed to the Soviet Union was joined to Byelorussia.
''One immediately associates them with the mind.''
''It was perfectly obvious that a political game was being played,'' Dr. Rossi said, ''and we thought it appropriate to stay in the background and not volunteer information.''
Personal income surged eight-tenths of 1 percent in June, but spending rose only two-tenths.
For the week, the Dow average dropped 35.78 points, after soaring 30.14 points in the preceding week.
Investors in the notes, which will be priced later this week, may redeem the issue monthly.
A military hospital for infectious diseases was also installed in a four- story apartment bloc designed by Mies van der Rohe.
In this view, Jews present a convenient screen on which troubled people can project their particular difficulties.
In Pasadena, his luxurious home is overseen by his socially prominent wife, Catherine (Miss Woodward).
Lions 23, Eagles 23 PONTIAC, Mich. (AP) - A 21-yard field-goal attempt by Detroit's Eddie Murray in overtime hit the right upright and bounced away and the Lions settled for a 23-23 tie.
''My guys went out to buy socks and underwear yesterday because we didn't figure we'd still be here,'' said the coach, Dick Tarrant.
Although most of his aces came on Balboa's 9-hole, par-32 executive course, which has four par 3's, Palmer says he scored seven of his aces on par 4's and that the average length of the holes on which he scored his 18 holes-in-one was an impressive 209 yards.
But it is a problem he can do little about without getting whacked by the Federal Government on price-fixing charges.
The objects themselves are a delight; it is as if one were wandering through a two-dimensional musuem of utilitarian arts, a printed Shelburne Museum.
''It's a left-handed compliment,'' he said.
In 1984, much of the promotional activity is designed to encourage repeat contributions from those who opened accounts in the same institution in 1982 and 1983.
Seventy-five thousand of these jobs are in white-collar fields.
Dr. William A. Catacosinos, the chairman of the Long Island Lighting Company, the utility that owns Shoreham, said he was ''gratified'' by the decision.
* AVX Corp. , Great Neck, L.I., a manufacturer of multi-layer ceramic capacitors, said it had acquired Monolithic Components Corp., a San Diego-based maker of ceramic chip capacitors, for approximately 280,000 shares of AVX common stock.
''We said, 'Doggone, Lawrence, how did you do that?'
At a public hearing at the Board of Standards and Appeals recently, more than two dozen tenants, landlords, architects and lawyers testified on the regulations proposed by the nine-member Loft Board.
Mrs. Coe will have to make her own mark on the job, but those who know her on Capitol Hill expect her to be as influential as her predecessor.
Suddenly, Mr. Alexander was rushed into a costume and makeup for - the opera's gambling act.
Only 10 of Farmington's 68 seniors took the S.A.T.
Driven by increasing pessimism about future mortgage-interest rates and by pent-up demand for housing created by the recent recession, builders and buyers alike are rushing to take advantage of the current availability of credit.
In ''Knives & Knifemakers'' (Winchester Press), Sid Latham writes that William Scagel of Michigan and Walter (Bo) Randall of Orlando, Fla., are probably the two men most responsible for the current popularity of custom knives.
A Banner Season The loss was only the third in the last eight games for the Mets, who remained in first place, one game ahead of the Philadelphia Phillies in the National League East on the basis of winning percentage.
I can lose as much as 8 pounds after a practice.''
''I watch them as they watch the play,'' he said.
Mr. Carpenter takes these powers a little further when ''Starman's'' title character, played with what might be described as beatific humor by Jeff Bridges, successfully raises creatures from the dead.
Entertainment Events is on page C25.
''Today I'm putting Mr. Reagan on notice,'' said Mr. Mondale.
''Athletics generate an interest in higher education, and it would happen here if we had a more comprehensive program in the city,'' he said.
Jaguar, a British automobile legend, is to be sold back into private hands later this year after becoming the most profitable part of the big state- owned British Leyland group, the Government said in what had been a long-expected announcement.
's detective work really begins with the next step.
EUGENE M. FECHTER Dumont, N.J.
In the shadows back of George Babbitt in Zenith - Babbitt, though solvent, is not rich - is a higher caste, far more secure, civilized and prestigious.
GEORGE E. GRITMON Coram The Times welcomes letters from readers.
du Pont de Nemours 8,700,000 -1 315,000 1 Ethyl Corp. 423,343 -6 33,466 37 W.R. Grace & Co. 1,658,317 10 33,108 18 Hercules Inc. 672,102 0 55,947 28 Int.
Presented by Playwrights Horizons and The American Place Theater, Andre Bishop, director; Paul Daniels, managing director; Wynn Handman, director; Julia Miles, associate director.
No Incentives Possible William Quinn, personnel director at Channel Master, said the company's decision to close was strictly ''a business one.''
Purdue's Jim Everett completed 20 of 35 passes for 298 yards.
The second marriage produced a daughter, Yekaterina Zhdanov, who also lives in Moscow.
He also said the military source told him Marshal Ogarkov ''took a military decision or two independent of higher authority.''
The old agreement allowed the United States to sell Japan 30,800 metric tons of high-quality beef a year.
The performers were of the caliber who require identifying credits: Robert (''Airplane!'')
As William McCreath, a professor of ceramics at Montclair, put it: ''Experts will demonstrate how business, legal and artistic concerns do, in fact, connect.''
But the worsening economy means that he will have limited funds with which to placate his critics in the business sector and within his own ranks.
But if the often-promised offensive does not develop, few here think any effective countermeasures will be undertaken by Saudi Arabia against Iranian planes.
Mr. Slocum was reluctant but finally agreed to make the payment on condition that it go directly to Mayor White, Mr. Cordy said.
''It's not preplanned,'' Mr. Kremer said, ''but over the last three or four years, we've become natural allies on many of the same issues becase they affect everybody's ability to serve Long Island.
That case has not been solved.
Nine Unassisted Tackles Banks had nine unassisted tackles, the most of any player in the game.
Before, my biggest decision was whether to take class or not.''
It remains very dangerous,'' Mr. Chernenko said in an interview to be published in the Monday issue of the Communist Party newspaper Pravda, prefacing a gloomy survey of Soviet-American relations.
Although a more affluent society is indulging its taste for shrimp and the more expensive cuts of tuna, in most homes beef has supplanted fish just as bread has cut into rice consumption.
Gilbert, newly hired as a Fraser-Morris delivery man, is told: ''We do not tolerate rudeness.
That may not sound like news, but in Britain it may well have been the biggest domestic news of 1983 apart from the election.
Mr. Ewald, the Metropolitan founder, said he hoped the religious contretemps would lead to greater dialogue among churches.
And what a gift for orchestral sonority he had!
Witnesses said an unidentified police officer paused in his charge to strike the child with what is called a sjambok, a baton about three feet long.
Repurchase Agreements Involved Collectively, the districts invested $21.7 million in repurchase agreements with Lion Capital Group and $4.4 million with RTD Securities.
''The Jazz will now be out of debt.
From 1938 until he retired in 1959 he was also an English professor.
In this show, too, her small works on paper can seem, in their complex and open-ended way, almost perfect.
Mr. Chase, the chairman; R. Lynn Livingston, the president, and the vice presidents of finance and administration have all signed five-year employment contracts, Saatchi said.
''It's the classic story of the nice man hiring the teen- ager, 14, 15, 16, to come over and clean his house.''
''The tent city will stay up another week, but then what?''
Last year, the company earned $80 million, as a new line of electronic typewriters and computers lifted sales to $2.3 billion, pushing Olivetti past Germany's giant Siemens to become the second- largest office machine company in Europe, after the International Business Machines Corporation.
Asked if he considered it that, he replied that under a California law a person who physically abuses a pregnant woman to the extent that it causes the death of the fetus can be charged with murder.
Children may pet the animals, huddle in a snail's shell, climb a spider's web and crawl through a gopher hole.
Carter leads the National League with 94 runs batted in.
Apart from achieving an uncanny physical resemblance to Mrs. Meier, she duplicates to perfection the very sound of the woman.
Larry Sperling of the Wisconsin Division of Emergency Government said 86 homes and 18 public buildings were destroyed at Barneveld, while 24 homes had major damage and 27 minor damage.
The airy dining room, with a 20-foot ceiling covered with flowing white satin and tall windows, offers a wraparound view of midtown Manhattan.
Local Issues Arise In the debate, Mr. Mondale tried to undermine Mr. Hart's ''new ideas'' theme by questioning the depth of his support of civil rights, by condemning his refusal to support Federal loan guarantees to the Chrysler Corporation and by contending that Mr. Hart's proposal for a tax on foreign oil would cost the average family $600 a year.
''Here,'' he says, ''the issue is one of pragmatic social policy.''
''Jules,'' he says, as the student driver weaves his way tensely through pedestrians crossing against the lights, through fields of potholes, numerous construction projects, bicyclists, triple-parked cars and other obstacles that make up the New York motoring experience, ''I am sure that this man ahead likes his car, that he would prefer you not hit his car.
He hadn't practiced for 1929 and New York City and a girl who would turn into a woman.
New York State Housing Finance Agency, $25 million.
Gooden, with a 17-9 record and a 2.60 earned run average, leads the major leagues by a wide margin with 276 strikeouts and has already set a strikeout record for a rookie.
The result had been nine goals and nine assists for the 18-year-old LaFontaine, a center who is also headed for the Islanders.
The centerpiece is a work composed of 51 individual vertical canvases, each one with multiple stripes, which occupies an entire wall of the gallery.
''I will not give up or sell myself however many bombs are placed by the extremists,'' he said in a Venezuelan television interview.
The proposed change in real estate taxes is meant to allow the Government quicker recovery of excess depreciation tax benefits when a building is sold on an instalment basis.
Jeff Torborg, one of the Yankee pitching coaches, who is admiring of Cowley's repertory of breaking pitches, speculated that the young player's nature had hindered his promotion in Atlanta.
Now in 1984, we Republicans still see our nation through Lincoln's eyes.
The rewards might be great.
For those who think vegetarianism faddish, there is even an 18th-century manuscript for a vegetarian diet.
Soviet Missile Deployment The senior official, who plans to accompany Mr. Weinberger to the NATO meeting, also asserted that the Soviet Union had continued to deploy SS-20 medium-range nuclear missiles aimed at Europe and Asia at the rate of about one a week, although not at a steady pace.
Sun said it had also lowered kerosene prices 3 cents a gallon.
''We've brought pleasure to millions of people.
Their romance generates the story's suspense - is she indelibly Southern or has she been seduced by the North?
The protagonist of the book - there are no characters in it - is one Kim Carsons, a 19th-century writer of Western stories.
The Pentagon argues that security of embassies is a matter for the ''host country,'' and suggests we hire local mercenaries to protect American civilians.
At one white settlement, ringed by barbed wire, a group of people hold a midnight party around a swimming pool, their libations offset by the distant thump of mortars fired by South African gunners to remind the local African people of the dusk-to-dawn curfew.
The Sandinistas themselves started their guerrilla war here, as did the man after whom their movement is named, Augusto Cesar Sandino, who fought Government troops and United States marines in the 1920's and 30's.
The Venezuelan finance minister, Manuel Azpurua, said in an interview that his country, though better off than many of its neighbors because of its oil exports and stronger financial reserves, supports them fully in their need for renegotiation of the debt and interest payments.
I might be able to do that.''
The fastest male and female runners will qualify to compete in the Fifth Avenue Mile, another Road Runners event, which is scheduled for Sept. 22.
The warhead principle, they've been counting rules for years.
''There's a lot more fluidity than there used to be as to where people will locate,'' said Mr. Margon of the Real Estate Board.
* Otis Elevator Co. of Farmington, Conn., a division of Hartford-based United Technologies Corp., said it had reached an agreement with Fintermica S.p.A. to merge Stigler Otis of Italy and Fintermica's elevator and escalator businesses in Italy.
The export-control legislation lapsed once before, last fall.
It became a 4-0 lead when Leinonen drilled a slap shot past Vincent Tremblay in the Penguin goal in the second period and Mark Pavelich followed with a deflection.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
In the House, a proposed rules change could be crucial to the shape of the Federal budget; under current procedures, two senior members of the Budget Committee, including the chairman, James R. Jones of Oklahoma, a fiscal conservative, must leave the panel this year.
I set a pick for him, but the Knicks either switched or double-teamed him.
Mathias Jr., a Maryland Republican who has consistently criticized Mr. Reagan's policy on Lebanon, said, ''The President has recognized the irreversible drift of events.''
He also said that an improvement in Hindu-Sikh relations was important.
''More people seem to create more needless work.''
Bridge clubs in North America are a long way behind their European counterparts in establishing club identity.
''Bethlehem Steel is continuing the process of consolidating corporate functions, resulting in the elimination of positions in various departments.''
And then he said, ''If we get English back into the schoolroom, they'll have to teach Shelley, won't they?''
The council is to develop suicide awareness and prevention programs for use in schools statewide.
The site was wild and isolated, Mr. Henken recalled, and no one wanted to be the first to move in.
The M.B.A. course runs 12 months, and is divided into three terms plus a project period.
Transit, the public corporation that operates the state's bus and rail system, has been in existence.
Telling said, ''We are prepared to invest sizeable seed money in Sears World Trade for a long time.''
Against the conventional wisdom of battle, he divided his forces in the presence of a superior enemy, giving to Longstreet the task of holding the line along the Rappahannock and sending Stonewall Jackson on a long sweep beyond Pope's right flank.
Nearby, Ralph DiRobbio, who said he had been a meat cutter at the store since it opened nine years ago, said he, too, had been unprepared for the strike.
Meanwhile, Treasury Secretary Donald T. Regan, saying bluntly what other Administration officials have said less directly, told an American Legion audience today that the Administration ''cannot and will not accept wholesale slashes of the defense budget simply to reach some arbitrary goal in spending reduction.''
He is a nice, clean- cut, unpretentious, boyishly lovable sort of guy.
The Raiders (5-1) clinched the victory 19 seconds later when the linebacker Rod Martin returned an interception of a Dave Kreig pass 14 yards.
Chirora looked like most of the other north Indian villages I had seen.
At its heart, that force is a man named Malcolm Bricklin, who joined with a former Fiat executive, Anthony Cinners, to put together International Automobile Importers, Inc., a company in Montvale, N.J., whose mission is more circumscribed than its name might imply.
Dr. Lippard was an outspoken advocate of unrestricted grants and gifts to medical schools, and testified on this matter before national commissions and at medical conventions.
Robert Eisner, the William R. Kenan Professor of Economics at Northwestern University, has written extensively on tax policy and investment and the impact of government on the economy.
I don't know what they will do with those thousands.''
When Filmways ran into trouble, it was taken over by a group headed by several key executives from United Artists.
The cervix is the usual site of infection in women.
But I stay in business only when the weather is comfortable.
West Virginia's unemployment leads the nation, its coal industry is severely depressed and its road program has come to a standstill.
In the last four years, the study said, ''disparities between the incomes of poorer families and those of more affluent families grew markedly.''
''In terms of superficial borrowing, many of his lines are simply variants of lines from Aiken's or Eliot's earlier poems,'' Mrs. Sensibar writes.
Suspect Argued With Lawyer Mr. O'Reilly said he had been told the suspect ''was ranting and raving incoherently'' and, before his capture, had pointed his gun at the court officers.
Mrs. McDonnell argued that the new cemetery would be a more dignified resting place than the old graveyard, which she said had been neglected and fallen into disrepair.
Including the increase in the latest week, the level of M-1 was only $100 million below the upper limit of its annual growth target of 4 percent to 8 percent.
The stock market rally that opened the new year succumbed to profit taking yesterday, after prices challenged record levels early in the session.
The instructors lead their charges to fields of powder, to areas not even penciled in on the map and, in the spring, across acres of corn snow.
But the company said it was not one of the three 4,500-ton stainless steel storage tanks for methyl isocyanate at the plant, one of which leaked the gas last week.
Group members include Smith-Vasiliou Special Situations Fund, a New York investment partnership; the Smith- Vasiliou Management Company, an investment management firm, and GDS Partners, a Short Hills, N. J., partnership whose sole general partner is Randall Smith.
Mr. Ottinger had accused Mr.
The bridegroom's father was chairman of the concern.
Then the toughest chore begins.
They said the ''Common Man'' melody may yet be heard at the convention, though not so prominently.
With K"athe Kollwitz a major inspiration, the results are powerful but crude and to sophisticated Western sensibilities unacquainted with large- scale political chaos the messages will sometimes seem simpleminded.
He has been succeeded by Vincent Suozzi, a Democrat, who conducted two-track negotiations.
Stanley N. Lupkin, chairman of the Bar Association's committee on criminal-justice operations, called the delays ''an insidious malignancy on a system that otherwise prides itself on being fair.''
Lack - an East Northport, L.I., Republican - expressed dismay over the commission's findings.
Lee accounts for about 80 percent of sales.
LAST year's Omnibus Housing Act, in which the Legislature authorized the state takeover, permitted the Rent Stabilization Association to draft a new code for review by the city's Department of Housing Development and Preservation, but Mayor Koch said the landlords' proposed code was antitenant and unacceptable.
Drying the cover on the handle may leave it held in place by paint.
Yet despite Mr. Mulroney's margin of victory over John N. Turner - the second shortest-serving Prime Minister - Canadians remain uncertain where their new leader wants to lead them.
The retailers quoted by the Wine Spectator talk mostly about old wines and, of course, it's the valuable older bottles that attract the most attention.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
In turn, the Katens were unable to make payments on their loan from State Savings.
Specialties: Canton duck ($7.50) and Spezial Topf (beef with mushrooms and glass noodles; $6).
On stage, rehearsing her role of Ruth the other evening, Jane Coleman was explaining how, as ''a stupid nurserymaid,'' she apprenticed her charge to a pirate instead of a pilot (''The two words were so much alike!'').
The conflicting demands have also led in Congress to a bill that would limit team moves but its future is uncertain.
The fire was declared under control about 12:30 P.M. Nine firefighters and one employee of Macy's were treated for smoke inhalation at Huntington Hospital and released, according to an emergency- room nurse.
To sort out the various combinations and permutations, she took advantage of new technology that Avis recently began using.
11 P.M. - China vs. Yugoslavia.
Conceived by School's Founder The idea for the Graduate Faculty originated with the New School's founder, Alvin Johnson.
An announcement from the I.M.F.
Of the 14 batters who faced Stanley, only two hit the ball in the air - Roy Smalley for a bloop single leading off the ninth and Toby Harrah for an infield pop-up later in the ninth.
This straight-faced query led to red-faced embarrassment, which satisfied some of our mediaphobia.
Two finished third: Summer Tan (1955) and First Landing (1959).
After that, ''It only took us an afternoon to reject the book,'' Mr. Burnham said.
''He was paid on a per-diem basis for a special project,'' said Edwards.
One of his quarrels with some other conservatives has been over their effort to remove such social issues as abortion, busing and school prayer from the jurisdiction of the Federal courts.
Because his abilities - not to mention his energy and zeal - had impressed the Boston Symphony that first summer, he returned to Tanglewood in 1969 as an assistant conductor of the orchestra.
''If Thompson wins in Los Angeles,'' Mathias told me, ''and I think he will, I'm going to jump the fence and congratulate the guy.
A 12-hour strike today over a contract dispute by personnel at the Leonardo da Vinci airport in Rome forced the cancellation or postponement of flights to and from the airport, authorities said.
But what actually followed was only an acrobatic duet filled with stunts exploiting the ways people can balance and support each other.
Occasionally, Mr. Morgenthau said, Mrs. McCann would partly replenish the tuition account when she won at gambling.
Like the viewer, the dancers have no anchor.
Pressing for a Probe Sister Helene O'Sullivan, a MaryKnoll nun who directs the order's Office of Social Concern in New York, said that without United States pressure the case would never have come to trial.
''From a business point of view, Mayor Cianci has been very constructive and helpful and forward-looking,'' said James R. Winoker, a jeweler who is president of the Greater Providence Chamber of Commerce.
Before the relay ends, the torch will be carried by such celebrities as Muhammad Ali and Bruce Jenner, Olympic gold medalists; Mark Breland, a gold-medal favorite in Olympic boxing this year; O.J.
In November 1981, the building was certified safe by an engineer who, according to a report filed with the Buildings Department, reached that decision after ''visual examination of roof, front and side of building and various exterior sections using binoculars and telephoto lens camera.''
But the injury was not serious.
Specialists from the Central Intelligence Agency are said to have recently visited one of the nation's top parapsychologists to elicit information on whether psychics could jam computers.
He has picked up some Hebrew in his years with the Israel Philharmonic, but mostly he talks Yiddish there, with complete fluency.
''In the past, we all ate from the same big pot.
West Germany's Social Democratic Party, in a somewhat chastened mood after its unsuccessful campaign against American medium- range missiles, is trying to re-establish its credentials as a supporter of the Atlantic alliance and shows signs of returning to more centrist foreign policy positions.
Mr. Reed's arraignment in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Manhattan was over in minutes, and Judge Leonard B.
The comparable American weapon is the Harpoon antiship missile.
And at the end of the 1970's came Turkey, which like many sovereign borrowers had no idea how much it owed abroad.
Mr. Saxton has the endorsement of the Republicans in Burlington and Camden Counties, and Mr. Haines is being backed by the party in Ocean County.
New buzzwords are beginning to be muttered, like ''nurturing'' or ''supportive,'' but there are a lot of doctors riding the range out there to whom you wouldn't dare mutter any such words.
Mrs. Marcus was best known for her patronage of the arts and her civic activities.
Women now receive more biological credit for their children than ever before in history.
Though the fun sometimes veers into anarchaic nonsense, Miss Rakov and Mr. Grundmann have laid the groundwork for a satirical musical character that could be developed in any number of interesting directions, and Miss Rakov is a vocal parodist of considerable skill.
There was more than a little bit of Barnum to this entire undertaking; it often seemed that ''Icarus'' was attempting to startle with sheer novelty.
His son, Jeff, was born in 1963 and is now a highly touted shortstop who, in his second year of organized baseball, is attempting to win a spot on the roster of the Texas Rangers.
On Monday, Mr. Cianci became a convicted felon when a judge gave him a suspended sentence of five years in prison for assault with a dangerous weapon in the beating of a man the Mayor said was having an affair with his wife.
''It got to where I could only do comedy maybe once every two, three weeks.
*Put the caps in a baking dish and sprinkle with oil, salt, pepper and two teaspoons of the lemon juice.
Aerojet General Corp., La Jolla, Calif., a wholly owned subsidiary of Gencorp., has elected Jack L. Heckel chairman and chief executive officer, and George W. Leisz president and chief operating officer.
Peter Gimbel promised that the safe he salvaged from the Andrea Doria would be opened in August.
The road from ninth grade to senior year would be much more pleasant if it did not pass through life's first Bermuda Triangle, adolescence.
Only when scientists learn the precise mechanisms by which cancer is caused and the role chemicals play in the process will they be in a position to abandon their chemical-by- chemical attack and adopt a more comprehensive program of prevention and cure, some experts say.
Robert Wunderle, vice president for consumer affairs at Pathmark Stores, which has 132 food markets in the New York-Philadelphia area, said the chain has no plans to institute a labeling program like Giant's.
Most of the identities of those who swore the affidavits are withheld in the report.
In April 1964, Mr. Mondale was the Attorney General of Minnesota.
The picture has popped up on cable now, happily.
But such things as unusually high charitable contributions or medical deductions can contribute to a return's being flagged by the I.R.S.
'Genuinely Remorseful' Mr. Wyatt told Judge Frank X. Altimari that because he did not keep records, he did not know exactly how much he had received in bribes, but he acknowledged it had been at least $50,000.
Titled ''Oedipus Rex,'' the 1967 film, which has its New York premiere today at the Public Theater, contains somewhat more Pasolini than it does Sophocles.
Moreover, they were all minimally trilingual, with a knowledge of Yiddish and Hebrew as well as the language of the country in which they lived - Russian, Polish, German, or English.
All were removed through the roof of the car, which was cut open by a rescue squad.
Manhattanites may feel uneasy boarding a train to New Jersey or the boroughs, but the shock may wear off as a neighborhood's tree-lined streets, architectural resources and small-town qualities are discovered and appreciated.
After two days of talks with an Israeli delegation, the department promised to recommend to Congress ''continued substantial levels of economic and military aid'' for the fiscal year that begins Oct. 1, 1985.
The unrest came a day after the fiercest clashes between Hindus and Sikhs since Sikh militants began a campaign for autonomy from the federal Government 19 months ago.
''A lot of people around here want you to offer amendments,'' he said.
They too stressed their devotion to Arab unity.
I think we are getting close to it now.
The voyage David's going through will either end up with him accepting the world he's created and abandoning everyone else - which is really dark - or coming back into the larger world.
I hire a coach for a football team and there are 60 and 70 reporters calling to interview me.''
''For both new and established artists, the video format has become very important,'' Mr. Yetnikoff said.
Within six months of the date of issue, it must be validated at any train information window before you board your first train.
On June 27, 1960, as the West prepared to unveil a new plan, the Russians accused the United States of being more interested in espionage than in disarmament and stalked out of the conference room.
The amendments were viewed as stengthening the hand of the Democrats, who control the House, in bargaining with the Repubican-controlled Senate, which wants to give the Pentagon $213.5 billion.
He has been held in jail on bail of $750,000 since his arrest more than a year ago.
That rate of return was anticipated when the commission lowered most long-distance rates 6 percent in May.
''It's not a quid pro quo.''
According to the reports, the Libyans, who maintain an estimated 5,000 troops in Chad, have made some ''lateral movements,'' but there are no signs that the Libyans have begun to pull their troops out of the country.
Rickenbach will remain with the team in a development capacity.
Iraq said its fighters had hit another large ship south of Iran's Kharg Island oil terminal.
Ruth was a man of prodigious appetites, including drink, though ''he was not a drunk,'' Hoyt emphasized.
'Strike or Be Stricken' To be sure, news tips, power struggles and positioning occur all the time.
''A hungry child knows no politics.''
He compared assertions by the chemical industry with ''claims by tobacco companies that there is no evidence that smoking causes cancer and heart disease.''
''The index is no more manipulable than the overall market,'' she said.
The refurbished quarters are the latest addition to Off-Broadway, even though they're on Broadway at 76th Street.
''This team has to play emotionally to win.
Americans by tradition don't like Government, and they love an underdog.
Ottinger (D) A A 21.
The Mercedes thing is unique.
He called the bill a hybrid that combined patent and copyright law ''with added legal elements.''
They also could count low-income housing for the elderly toward their share of affordable housing and could convert industrial and commercial buildings into apartments with the state funds.
Now all three have endorsed measures to prohibit discrimination against homosexuals in employment, housing and the military.
One tour that focuses on sightseeing as well as study is ''Spirit of Western Man'' from June 15 to July 21.
''Sometimes we show them the full kennels so that they can understand what abandonment is.
Rugby National Club - Dallas Harlequins.
And in the fall, I - who never knew an end from a center - will join the rest of the villagers in cheering Phil and Dave and Lawrence and the rest of our boys of summer - fresh from training camp.
Resales of single-family homes, bolstered by falling interest rates, climbed 9.1 percent in November, the first increase since April, a real estate trade group said today.
Industrially it is still used in the manufacture of processed meats.
New York scored twice in the fourth, Randolph scoring on Mattingly's single which sent starter Jim Beattie to the clubhouse.
When it comes to protecting advantage, the former Vice President has been both an extremely skillful politician and a very lucky politician.
The Standard Oil Company of California is on top of most analysts' lists as another bidder, and the Mesa Petroleum Company is leading a group that seeks to expand its minority holding in Gulf.
What we face is a strong and aggressive military machine that prohibits fundamental freedoms.
The album opens with a fairly conventional drum solo - a series of rhythmic episodes that build momentum, crest, then give way to a new idea.
Drag Racing: National Hot Rod Association Summernationals, finals, at Raceway Park, Englishtown, N.J., 11 A..M. Paddleball: Sixth annual Castle Hill/Chemical Bank Invitational, at the Castle Hill Beach Club, 355 Castle Hill Avenue, the Bronx, 11 A.M.
As a baby of three, Liza had played the role of psychiatrist - silently listening to stories about studio atrocities and mean-spirited producers - and she later grew adept at coping with her mother's pill-taking and suicide attempts.
We already have had a few dry runs, and we're going to get articulate people to debate and examine the issues.''
''We've outgrown this building,'' he said, adding that an architect will determine whether additions to the building are possible.
AL SLEP From Marshall Anker comes an example of creative panhandling on St. Mark's Place: ''Buddy, can you spare a dime?
A B-52 bomber with seven people aboard crashed tonight in Monument Valley and Navajo Tribal Police said there were at least some survivors, according to the Arizona Department of Public Safety.
David Lacker, chief of the Texas Department of Health, said there would be no United States effort to verify that the site was safe, even though both Juarez and El Paso draw their water from the same underground aquifer.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
If that is the case, then I think her warning should be mentioned more extensively than simply one paragraph in a very large story.
b-After tax credits of $254,000 for the quarter and $320,000 for the 6 months.
In Mr. Whitemore's view, ''underlying the whole case is a very human tragedy.
And she has discovered her voice as a writer.
Congressional committees have reported that the bureau infiltrated various antiwar and civil rights groups in the 1960's and early 1970's and tried to discredit their leaders.
And the Aluminum Company of America's rolling plant in the Quad Cities is booming.
''People believe the value of their homes will go down,'' said Dr. Webb, ''that social services will not be available for these people.
The International Monetary Fund has already negotiated financial aid for such major third-world borrowers as Mexico and Brazil, and it is negotiating with Argentina, Peru, Nigeria and the Philippines.
MR. CRANSTON: What new proposals do you have for arms control?
Another dozen words, and an airplane would roar overhead.
Dr. Kessler was recently asked by Dr. Harold Schwarz, one of his instructors.
Some guys just can't hold a job.''
And Menachem Begin, who called you a Nazi, he knew?
I am not so sure, mainly for two reasons: 1, The majority of countries do not have the resources to pay their athletes and thus through their national Olympic committees exert considerable pressure to retain amateurism.
The courts have argued that since vaccine injuries are statistically predictable, compensation awards are a business risk the companies should bear.
He was among 86 crew members, selected by the last digit of their Social Security numbers, who were required to give urine samples one afternoon in a check for illegal drug use.
The hours on March 9 are 10:30 A.M. to 7 P.M.; to 6 P.M. on March 10, and to 5 P.M. on March 11.
In 1982 I had a lot of business pressures.
The attorneys that Mr. Meese said would assist him all have extensive backgrounds in law and government.
The Nets and the Jets have defected to New Jersey.
There were two newcomers among the majorettes and cadets.
Parcells Not Sure The starting quarterback for the Giants next fall will be .
Famous People Players has moved on to the Palace in Stamford, where they will perform at 10 A.M., 2 P.M. and 4 P.M. on Saturday and at 10 A.M. and 2 P.M. next Sunday.
''I thought that some of the President's henchmen would say that this was one reason for the veto,'' said Senator Melcher.
Those cavities are yet another sign of spring.
The information could not be independently confirmed with sources in Ayacucho, the scene of the reported slayings.
''We are almost out of hunters in those areas,'' Mr. Free said.
''That he let it go, that he turned his back to it,'' Mr. Halevy replied.
One key to doing well is choosing the best ski wax for the course conditions and weather.
Mr. Watkins declined to say whether the management shake-up was a result of the recent quality control troubles at the Tucson plant.
Another item on the 1985 agenda, which you did not mention, is relevant here.
One of the more unusual ways to cook eggs is to make a frittata, an Italian open-faced omelet that is cooked half way in a frying pan (preferably a well-oiled cast iron skillet) and lightly browned under a broiler before being turned out onto a serving dish.
Even today, in most novels ''it is taken for granted that people over fifty are as set in their ways as elderly apple trees, and as permanently shaped and scarred by the years they have weathered.
The new doctrine, far more expensive than the former, represented an effort to delay the need for going nuclear.
All her stores look very much alike: pale wooden floors, white walls, decorative tiles placed here and there as if by accident.
There is a seven-foot drum that looks like an antelope, as well as large wooden figures of kings and spirits, monkey figures, bottles and masks.
The result has been a game of musical chairs: B South Carolina and Washington, the present dump sites for most of the nation's low-level radioactive trash, quickly formed compacts with their neighbors so as to qualify for excluding everyone else in 1986.
Judge Howard C. Buschman 3d, who is handling the case, can approve, modify or reject the settlement.
Good for Public Relations Kool cigarettes, on the other hand, found its jazz festival sponsorship good for public relations and cigarette sales.
And each airline says that productivity improvements will yield hefty bottom-line infusions.
Windows, on the other hand, are an operating environment.
The UNIX software system was originally developed by Bell Laboratories and is regarded as the cornerstone of the American Telephone and Telegraph Company's computer strategy.
The group of nine, none of whose members are related, arrived March 26 at the Logan Airport in Boston.
Tracy's doctor, Aditya Kaul, said her condition stabilized last Christmas.
But it is not as simple as that, and the treasurer of Mr. Mondale's campaign, Mike Berman, met with the two and their accountants in New York today.
''In fact, we thought we reached agreement last Sunday after a meeting with Franco and Bart Beier and several telephone discussions that evening.
At the first hearing conducted by the board, however, residents who attended were more concerned with the pollution that has already occurred.
But the forward was double-teamed, and he pitched the ball to Kelvin Ransey, who pitched it to King, who eluded Wood for the shot.
Against fillies yesterday, none of whom may want to go much more than a mile, she had an easier time.
Krieg also was afforded royal protection by the offensive line, which made sure he was not sacked.
The college also has the experience of having run what was until now the only major drive in the City University.
Only health- service nonprofits have benefited from increased Medicaid and Medicare subsidies, though even these have been earmarked for reduction.
''He may not lie,'' says one Administration conservative, ''but he is living a lie, pretending to support the President's budget and having his guys leak weaker positions on defense and other things up on the Hill.''
They said such an apparent increas in the number of seemingly motiveless slayings was a relatively new phenomenon.
''It's taken me a long time to get here,'' said Hagler.
In addition, Mr. Marcos said that findings of the panel would be immediately referred to the proper prosecuting authority, regardless of who might be implicated.
Federal Bureau of Investigation officials said Mr. Koecher had provided classified national security information to the Czechoslovak Government.
As a team leader, he may, indeed, be the bridge the Rangers need to bring the different groups together.
Behold the modern chicken.It's seven weeks old, weighs about 4.1 pounds, has a plump body and skinny legs, and is fast becoming one of America's most popular animals.
''There are hardly any banks - and few companies - that can be compared to Citibank for sheer size and power,'' said J. Richard Fredericks, a bank analyst with Montgomery Securities in San Francisco.
Walter Karney, who took part in the President's latest medical checkup, said that the President was in ''very exceptional physical condition.''
Jerry Rice of Mississippi Valley caught two touchdown passes, and Fuad Reveiz of Tennessee kicked four field goals today to lead the South team to a 33-6 victory in the 47th Blue- Gray Classic.
One, according to Raymond F. DeVoe Jr., a strategist at Legg Mason Wood Walker Inc. is to go look at who's drinking with whom at Harry's Bar on Wall Street.
OLD SOUNDS The Classical Quartet will present a concert of string music by Mozart and Haydn in a way that is becoming more and more popular - on original instruments.
Thanks for the example you have been for many people.''
'It Was an Uphill Battle' Japanese corporations that would have built the equipment for the bullet train put up $8 million seed money for American High Speed Rail, which with $2 million more from American investors paid for initial feasibility studies.
Well-connected Syrians can buy refrigerators, vans, imported clothing, almost anything that can be shipped in from Lebanon via the military road, where customs officials usually ignore the steady stream of trucks and taxis laden with goods that Syrians cannot legally import.
They know that demonstrations alone do not erase violence and hunger.
Asked if he thought the nomination fight was over, Mr. Mondale replied: ''The results move us further down the road.
John Simpson's second thriller contains obligatory elements - a double agent, a mysterious informer, a race against time and a number of chase sequences, the most spectacular involving a cable car, a helicopter and an avalanche.
Customers may also take disputes to small claims court, or call the Department of Consumer Affairs at 577-0111 between 9:30 A. M. and 4:30 P.M. weekdays.
Also, left-handers have an elevated rate of immune-system disorders.
''But last year was something totally different.
Lightbulbs glowed and burst into flame in Mr. Haisma's hand, then zoomed across the stage.
''It's the thing the S.E.C.
Peter Ueberroth apparently also had God on his committee.
And they are most compelling in cities and towns where the local reporters are not accustomed to covering the President of the United States.
The rowers already know what to do.''
The first president was the brother of this present president.
There are four major defects: * The law requires operators to provide lockout boxes only ''to the extent technologically feasible.''
The finest and softest generally available is a 15X, priced at $215.
''Even though the molecules are admittedly large, they have chemical symbols,'' said Mr. Jefferson.
The President has won a few victories on the issue, mainly in the Senate, but Congress has never appropriated funds for nerve gas production.
Mr. Walcott worked closely with Ravi Shankar and co-founded the group Codona with the trumpet player Don Cherry and the percussionist Nana Vasconcelos.
''We felt if we could stop that line,'' Dave King, the Canadian coach, said, ''we could control the game.''
Few aspects of Michelangelo's work are more consequential than his approach to stone.
Getting There Since public transport is poor in the region, visitors are advised to travel by car.
A roll of green pasta stuffed with a delicate mixture of poached salmon and whitefish and sparked by a light dressing of spinach puree and mayonnaise was $15 a pound.
The conservative political action committee has filed similar charges of illegal politicking with the election commission against a dozen other groups, including the American Civil Liberties Union, the National Organization for Women, the Wilderness Society, the Committee for a Sane Nuclear Policy and the National Women's Political Caucus.
''We don't want to be all things to all people, we don't even offer checking accounts,'' said Charles Richmond, executive vice president.
That temperament will be an enormous help in the Triple Crown series, where pre-race routine can become an endurance test.
THE trumpet player Jon Faddis, who arrived in New York in the early 70's amid much acclaim and as the protege of Dizzy Gillespie, organized his own jazz quintet last fall after years as a peripatetic side man and featured guest.
He had plenty of time to throw, and he fired the ball on a line.
They serve to underscore the judgment of James MacGregor Burns, quoted by Flora Lewis (column Aug. 21), that ''we possess one of the worst political top-leadership recruitment systems in the democratic societies of the world.''
What is actually happening is that the industry, as we know it, is literally disappearing, not getting stronger.
''We needed all the help we could get and more,'' said Mr. Lapp.
The film is not a farewell, either to an era or a diva, but it is about the mysterious endurance of the creative impulse, which the film maker appears to equate with mankind's capacity for survival.
Based on papers filed earlier by Getty, Mr. Petersen, chairman of Getty, has options to buy 10,000 shares at $70 each, and thus would collect $550,000, tax-free.
An exception is George Stubbs's blue and white Jasper relief, ''The Fall of Phaeton,'' where the son of Helios, exquisitely modeled, urges on his no-less- beautiful horses from whose nostrils emanate billowing white clouds.
To reduce the memory required, system providers either skimp on speech quality or limit the vocabulary.
''For one thing, it is difficult to identify them.''
The $20.3 billion November increase in spending compared with a rise of $5 billion in October.
But in some ways, the need for cooperation between the political parties is even greater today than it was then.
Dr. Levenstein said that in attempting to compute the economic losses attributable to farm workers to nearby residents of consumer when feces contaminate water supplies or fresh produce.
''I don't think the relations are going to improve soon,'' he said the other day.
''It was a meteorite,'' said Mr. Harrington, an amateur meteorite watcher.
Washington would have been shocked at the $33,000 price.
The historical attitude, to be sure, has returned many resources to Jewish culture.
''Seventy-four kids showed up which, out of a couple of a hundred high school students, isn't bad,'' he said.
Tom O'Riordan kicked field goals of 37 and 29 yards to tie the Wagner single-season record of seven.
''Playoff game, playoff game,'' the Jet players chanted later while doing their calisthenics before Friday's practice.
Birds and insects touching twigs infected with the yellow canker patches spotted with brown can carry it to other trees.
It buys more than 20,000 different products from 7,000 vendors.
We are doing very well and look forward to a very successful year.''
In an arcade area of the station, he demonstrated that a call to the downtown Brooklyn headquarters was not received.
We hear that all the airports have closed.
The executive committee of Freedom House endorsed ''the Administration's decision to take constructive actions to speed reforms in Unesco,'' and said it was ''pleased that withdrawing from Unesco is not regarded as an end in itself but rather the beginning of a systematic effort to rededicate the organization to its original values and programs.''
''The only thing I want,'' said Fittipaldi, ''is that they should change the name 'rookie' in the Indianapolis 500.''
He has watched with interest the growing tendency since his retirement for internationally renowned solo pianists to devote serious attention to accompanying.
''It depends on his agenda,'' said Assemblyman Kemp Hannon of Mineola, L.I., a leader of the Republican minority.
Seventeen of the companies he is handling are currently trying to reorganize under Chapter 11 of the Federal Bankruptcy Code.
If the retrospective didn't put him over the top as a major figure, this show can't.
The lawyer representing the company, Datasaab Contracting AB, asked the Federal District Court to accept the plea because, he said, the illegal acts occurred before the current owner, L. M. Ericsson, bought the company.
Herzog Goes Beyond His Duties Mr. Herzog went beyond his presidential duties in inviting representatives of the Likud and Labor to meet with him today.
When Mr. Roth refused to back off, the synod fired him and he was subsequently jailed when he defied a court order to step down.
The problems we are overcoming are not the heritage of one person, party, or even one generation.
The board recommended last year that Amtrak and the railroads that operate its trains under contract outside the Northeast Corridor improve their monitoring of local weather conditions.
There were also collecitve spaces: On lower floors residents shared a restaurant, a ballroom, and a suite of guest rooms.
The sheik, whose identity was not disclosed, has requested that two Nebuchadnezzars of champagne - the largest size available - be opened at midnight.
Today, it is only history.
A man out of work has only the style that's inside him; the money-grubbing world should not be allowed to cramp it.
's The evidence for the consequent lack of funds for readiness and the stockpile that would enable the armed forces to sustain a long conventional war begins with the Joint Chiefs of Staff and goes down to the G.I.
The daughter of the man - whose identity has remained secret - spent an hour with him before he died late Friday night, the attorney, Frank Clark, said in a statement.
Other devices that Mr. Hanson depends on in his apartment include an electronic quartz clock that literally tells time: When you press the proper button it announces the time in deep synthesized tones; it doubles as a talking calculator and calendar.
Zhu Jianhua of China, the record-holder at 7-10, finished third and Dwight Stones of Irvine, Calif., the Olympic bronze medalist in 1972 and 1976.
I have to decide which way is better.''
The rate for black teen- agers, however, edged up six-tenths of a point to 40.8 percent while the rate for adult men was unchanged at 6.3 percent.
Audiences are promised combinations of movement with slides and text, extravaganzas about dressing up, works bridging gaps between cultures and generations, dances born on the spur of the moment and choreographic musings on what happened last Friday.
Colonel Moran has been implicated in the 1981 murder of two American labor advisers and the head of El Salvador's land redistribution program.
It could be seriously depleted if the outflow at Continental Illinois persists, but the regulators hope their joint action - especially the unlimited insurance for large depositors - will stem the flight almost overnight.
Halibut is a deep- water fish that comes in closer to shore at this time of year to spawn.
"Governor Cuomo's office said he was excessively busy," someone told Mrs. Abzug, who said: "And I know the Mayor won't be here.
I went to my room and slept for two hours and woke as refreshed as any time I can remember.
Unfortunately, Dr. Veith does not apprise the reader of the nature of that dispute.
Just as remarkable as People Express's success is the way it was achieved.
Over the past five years or so, thinner, flexible fiberoptic colonoscopes have replaced the rigid tubes.
Sales increased 13.9 percent, to $602.4 million, from $529.1 million.
Triskaidekaphobes fear the number 13.
Spinach With Nutmeg 1pound spinach in bulk or 1 10- ounce plastic package spinach 2tablespoons butter Salt to taste if desired Freshly ground pepper to taste 1/4teaspoon freshly grated nutmeg.
''It brought me out of my shell,'' she said.
In-Store Observations To learn what consumers want, Levi executives have been working in stores as clerks and sales people in recent months, selling both Levi and competitors' products.
''The marines came here by a Government decree, which means they must support the Government, but the Government and its army have not been able to stay above the internal conflict so the marines have been dragged into it as well.
But his testimony disappointed Chancellor Kohl and other party leaders, and they pressed for the Speaker's resignation.
Father Bienko, who has delivered fiery sermons, is one of several priests in the parish here assigned to its extensive youth program.
MCI also said that in August it would offer a travel card, like the one issued by A.T.& T., that enables users to charge calls to their account from telephones anywhere in the continental United States.
Sarah Jennings Anderson, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Sherwood L. Anderson 3d of Burlington, Conn., and William Erich Krengel, a son of Dr. and Mrs. Walter Franklin Krengel Jr. of Bellevue, Wash., were married yesterday.
McEnroe, who has not been beaten this year, taking 42 matches, will try to become the first American since Tony Trabert in 1955 to capture the men's title.
Compounded by the worst drought in the area in a century, a forest fire burned for several months, destroying plant and animal life over 13,000 square miles of woodland, an area the size of Connecticut and Massachusetts combined.
Mr. White, the sole Canadian member of the board, has said that unless his conditions are met he will seek to establish the 120,000- member Canadian unit as a separate, independent union.
In March, Inspiration acquired a 60 percent interest in Danville Resources, which, in turn, used proceeds from the deal to acquire a 53 percent stake in Madison Fund, which subsequently changed its name to Madison Resources.
There was no grand search to cast the role of the boy in ''Paris, Texas,'' the story of a man's reunion with the son he once abandoned and their search for their estranged wife and mother.
Open auctions to select the most economic technologies would be a welcome change.
San Diego Chargers (4-5) at Indianapolis Colts (3-6) - A rash of injuries always makes a team look different, but lately not even Dan Fouts has appeared to be his old self.
The track had been closed since the grandstand was destroyed by fire in 1980.
It appeared to us we were just going to be digging a deeper hole to fall in.''
The Long Island Correctional Facility, which the state wants to close in October, should improve its fire safety planning, repair its elevators and serve its inmates less food, according to a report yesterday by State Comptroller Edward Regan.
Garfinkel had left Syracuse University after one semester when he was 18 and went into his father's woolen textile business, one of the biggest in Manhattan.
Certainly the charter company would have instructed them both on using anchors and would have provided a roach spray.
Again, this abhorrent practice was not unknown under prior Turkish governments, and one may wonder why so many human rights activists chose to make it an issue only after the military takeover of 1980.
SGS said sales of the chips to I.B.M.
The idea is to carve a broad line of dirt around the fire.
Since his military takeover of the South Korean Government four years ago, President Chun Doo Hwan has endured a civil uprising that his soldiers suppressed with considerable loss of life, financial scandals touching his wife's family, hundreds of student protests and an assassination bombing in Burma that killed some of his closest aides.
Six willing young people, four boys and two girls, were assembled through the office grapevine.
In Japan he had noted that the fungus ''sweeps through gypsy moths like a disease epidemic until the moth population simply collapses,'' he said.
* Quaker Oats Co., Chicago, to Backer & Spielvogel for an unnamed cereal.
Simpler and cheaper cameras have optical viewfinders.
Mr. Shultz's people say he never intended the appearance to be a big deal.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
We'll have to talk this through before I'll decide whether to go.''
Others shook their heads in rejection, one of them walking quickly by and saying, ''I live in Connecticut.''
So was the Stevenson Expressway and the Edens before that.
At 3 P.M. Tickets, $6, $7 and $8.
''I carry on a conversation at the same time as I reach for the bill, and continue the conversation as I sign.
Nor did they seem to have any worries about how Miss Parton and Mr. Stallone would play off each other when put together on the same movie set.
A panel of American business executives and state officials, including three governors, agreed today in principle that much of the income that multinational corporations earn outside the United States should not be subject to state taxes.
''There is a need for a few units of this housing.''
This money is to be spent on support services such as devices to adapt equipment for use by the handicapped, and on recruitment and counseling to attract young women to vocational courses that usually enroll only men.
'The Dreadful Irony' ''But here's the dreadful irony of societies starting from a low economic or cultural base - the minute men's lot improves at all and they have their eyes opened, then they learn anger,'' Mr. Naipaul wrote.
He then led a heart to the queen, losing to the king, and the defense was able to play two more rounds of spades.
The House also approved increased financing for other domestic programs.
It said that if South Africa did not comply, the Council would meet again ''to consider more effective measures.''
He predicted that in the next several weeks, or earlier if her finances become a bigger issue, the strategy could change.
There could be no better illustration of the way the sports world has changed over the years than the story that Bob Davies told yesterday at a Madison Square Garden luncheon.
He doesn't know how to categorize it, and he puts more energy into the explication of the text than he does into the joy of sex.
Mattingly's two-out single and Don Baylor's 14th home run produced the first two runs, and Brian Dayett singled home the third after Winfield had singled and Toby Harrah had walked.
''Reid says the Louisville game didn't take it out of us.
Experience is nothing to be shared with young challengers, either.
The dollar staged a late rally.
President Gaafar al-Nimeiry has accused Ethiopia and Libya of inciting trouble in the southern part of the Sudan.
We want them to get to know us as people.''
The Legislature is planning to recess next week for the summer.
The first syllable is pronounced hol by some, but hal is still preferred in the United States.
So Hunt is playing at less than 100 percent fitness.
The announcement stunned officials in Profamilia, which is regarded as one of Latin America's most successful family planning programs.
Now they, as well as students from elsewhere, were greeting spring with a blaze of primary colors.
It could also display different tasks in separate areas, or ''windows,'' on the screen.
At 9 A.M. Monday, he said, the police were notified by the housing police that Mrs. Bumpurs had a knife and was resisting eviction from her three-and- a-half room apartment at 1551 University Avenue in the Morris Heights area.
But one had no trouble smiling at it, for its foolishness was intentional.
Members of the audience were angry, and saying so, because for people who follow the Gun Club, the band has always been special.
''It has changed that strategy to one in which its flights from Atlanta and Memphis are tie-ins to Pan Am's out of New York and Miami.
The meeting will also try to come to grips with the budgetary issue that has debilitated the community for over a year.
Instead, it offers spectacular although not monumental scenery, excellent birding (particularly on Brier Island), deep-sea fishing (which may indeed turn your nose blue) and sailing at all levels.
''This year's order increase, while quite small, offers some encouragement for our seriously debilitated industry,'' said James A.
He said the hotel covered three-quarters of a block.
Israeli and Lebanese military officers are scheduled to open talks Monday on an Israeli withdrawal from southern Lebanon.
A decade ago, National Lampoon sold 85 percent of is copies at the newsstand.
Mr. Benton said he hopes to simplify all the company's car lines, and at the same time ease buyer confusion over the proliferation of options, by the 1987 model year.
To avoid an open split with Paul A. Volcker, chairman of the Federal Reserve Board, the group's staff recommended that the Fed retain most of its supervision over the nation's 50 biggest banks and some bank holding companies.
Col. James R. Childs, said the constant coming and going of soldiers was ''the biggest distractor that we have.''
''It was all part of the old American ethic that looked down on anyone or anything that was connected to the dole,'' explained Karel Yasko, Counselor for Fine Arts and Historic Preservation for the State General Services Administration.
''I work with the recording facilities, and as a producer, and right now in starting up a new Latin-music division of A.& M. The business has its place, but I'm not really down in the trenches - I'm into the broad brushstroke.''
''We have no leads at this time,'' the police said in a printed statement.
But I don't guess we'll ever forget.''
These institutional investors became more cautious with their bond portfolios as well.
''No one puts any pressure on me.
Mr. Watson said the advertisement brought a call from a friend of a pregnant woman, saying the baby would be turned over to the couple.
* In a large skillet, saute ginger, garlic and onion in peanut oil until very lightly browned.
The bank, which was chartered in the Netherlands Antilles, no longer operates in New York.
This was the explanation given by White House officials for why Mr. Reagan attempted to talk about faith in God, respect for the elderly and neighborhoods and families in his speeches here.
It is the great tragedy of artistic aging - the ability to have creative ideas and the growing ineffectuality in carrying them out.
But our most serious problem was the failure of the Players Association to see how determined the owners were.
The United States had a capacity of 68,000 megawatts, 11 percent of its total.
I'm unable to track down the word for the murder of someone else's spouse by that someone's lover, surely a popular form of the practice.
This is the mighty Schubert, capable not only of achingly lovely melody but of a kind of gentle nobility that no other composer quite matches.
Everybody connected with the film behaves as if he were hanging onto the tail of a tiger and can't let go.
''We wanted to have private quarters for anyone who wanted to sit down and view our jewels,'' says Linclon Foster, senior vice president for retail sales.
He said he had agreed to represent Mr. Sharon, at a reduced fee, because of the magnitude of the injury he sustained.
But in conversation, East European officials speak openly of the Chernenko era as merely a transition, at times faintly dismissing the Soviet leader as little more than a figurehead.
''They have not had the success in new products.
''But our projections would say that it's not a trend.
The dollar rose sharply in United States trading yesterday after losing ground against other major currencies in European markets.
But by late today, neither Syrian nor American Government officials had confirmed his arrival.
It will be a real loss if she allows herself to become an example of the classic ''too much too soon'' syndrome.
He called us to seek first the kingdom of God rather than an ever increasing store of goods and wealth.
Of the statistics released yesterday, the most unexpected was the huge $10.23 billion increase in consumer installment debt during May.
Best of all, it would cost taxpayers nothing.
She sympathizes with the fact that some of them have come back for the second act, as she sings ''You'll have to resign yourself to the fact that you'll have to stay a while.''
But she said that because it does not do so, it must lose a $186,000-a-year real estate tax exemption.
What is certain is that Neinas is in New York this week to ''entertain offers'' from the networks, and that if there is a stampede, it is proceeding very cautiously.
Niemela, who completed 15 of 22 passes for 159 yards, also capped a 75- yard, 10-play drive with a 10-yard touchdown run in the third quarter.
When the Russians rattle their sabers, we can get the B-52's in the air to show them we mean business and then we can call off the fireworks and come on home.''
EXPERTS pursuing one of man's most audacious dreams - to create machines that think - have stumbled while taking what seemed to be an elementary first step.
Net income figures for the year-ago quarter and 9 months are after the pro forma effect of business combination in 1983.
The charge was dismissed in Municipal Court.
Today he is scheduled to meet with baseball ''old timers.''
She married Adm. Gene Markey in 1952.
In France, FR3 put in approximately $125,000, and the Pompidou Center has donated staff and money.
Mr. Ledroit frequently sang flat and gave other signs of struggle.
La Vogue is a very important group of high-quality, high-fashion stores.''
The U.S. would like Europeans to contribute more.
Also at the Tuesday night meeting, the Council turned down for the second time an attempt to finance an $18.5 million out-of-court settlement to a long-standing school desgregation suit approved by the Board of Education.
Instead, Playboy is trying to return to a level of revenues and profits that will justify its bloated overhead.
Mix in the the potatoes and eggs.
He also contends that merely because a site is leaking does not necessarily mean that dumping wastes in the site would pose an environmental or health hazard.
They are antebellum mansions where the owners give you rooms with period antiques, fill you with colorful local history and a plantation breakfast that generally consists of fried ham, red-eyed gravy, grits, homemade biscuits and jelly, eggs and rich coffee.
Gunmen killed a rightist member of El Salvador's Constituent Assembly today after halting his car in the capital, the police said.
Brassa"i was born Gyula Halasz in Transylvania, Hungary, on Sept. 9, 1899.
It is not too surprising that Mr. Singer might miss the entire point, and fail to follow the movement of this movie, given the misogyny of all his own writings.
''Older Parsis always recall the past and lament that young people are not living up to it,'' said Mr. Ranina.
Driving along the coast road in St. Francois, for example, or dozing on the beach at Ste.
Anyone for a brokered deal?
A group of investors has acquired 1,546,000 common shares, or 6.4 percent, of the common shares outstanding of the Manville Corporation, according to documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
president, ''is that the athlete does not make sport his full-time job and that he is controlled by the international federation responsible for his sport.''
It's a one- hour show, costs $15 and plays today at 5:30 P.M. and l0:45 P.M. and tomorrow at 4:30 P.M. and 12:15 A.M. Not all of ''What's a Nice Country Like You Still Doing in a State Like This?''
Inside their high steel spiked fence, prone statues in their own pavilion, silently proclaiming their love.
The demonstrations at Bilbao, San Sebastian and Vitoria were called by the People's Union Party, E.T.A.
COLOR is a new story here, much of it inspired by American Day- Glo colors, but given a new hue.
Big steel is asking Washington for two concessions.
Now Sohn, a 5-foot-11-inch, 180- pound New Yorker, is trying for a complete comeback, a milestone of which will come next Tuesday, when the Jets must make their first league- mandated squad cut of the year, to 70 players.
He also held posts in marketing planning and as head of the product planning and design staff.
There is, to be sure, a gimmick.
The latest results in the state's two- stage caucus process showed Mr. Jackson leading in both the popular vote and in the projected number of national delegates to be chosen at the Congressional district level.
They'll be the first to have a pumpkin.
Fitness center: $225 initiation, plus $30 a month.
Federal law does not specifically allow non-banking companies to buy banks, but it defines a bank only as an institution that accepts deposits and makes commercial loans.
Debt Ratings * Burlington Northern Inc. and two major subsidiaries, Burlington Northern Railroad Co. and El Paso Natural Gas Co., are being reviewed for possible upgrading by Moody's Investor Service, the rating agency, on about $1.8 billion of long-term debt.
Not all the polls in one of them, New Hampshire, had closed at that time, however.
Off People's Backs, Into Their Beliefs To Henry Steele Commager, the historian, the 1983 speech in which Mr. Reagan described the Russians in that way was ''the worst Presidential speech in American history, and I've read them all'' - not because it was undiplomatic but because ''No other Presidential speech has ever so flagrantly allied the government with religion.
To the Editor: An article about holiday tourists quotes a woman's complaint that New York City lacks public restroom facilities, and in Atlanta, a headline proclaims, ''Lack of Public Toilets Spurs Debate.''
''If guests want, I can teach them stress management and deep relaxation or nutrition - which is what I do when I'm not working in the B & B.''
He said: ''That's the way they've been going all year, going with the pitchers.
But it's still a pleasure to watch an indefatigable, all-singing, all-dancing Turner performance.
Once again, a glass tower intruded on what was fundamentally a street of limestone, replacing the E.J.
His father is a factor in the wool industry in Melbourne.
In light of recent remarks by Walter Byers, executive director of the National Collegiate Athletic Association, Wacker sounds almost too good to be true.
On the other hand, White House aides are all known to be concerned that they not be seen trying to influence things that they are not supposed to influence.
The finds include king and queen conch, scallop, whelk, mussel and trident shells.
draft, which is scheduled for May 1-2 and falls between the eighth and ninth weekends of the 18-game U.S.F.L.
''It's a title that doesn't mean anything, but people remember it,'' Mr. Phillips said.
Miss Jenkins is a choreographer who loves intricate formal structures and she often works in collaboration with the poet, Michael Palmer.
''Does a 15-year-old drive a Ferrari?''
It had taken much brokering by Syria and much bargaining by Prime Minister Rashid Karami to get the conflicting factions together for the first time in nine years of civil war.
Maximum reimbursement available under these policies is $185,000 for a single-family house and $60,000 for furnishings, appliances and other contents.
Risky bank loans to developing countries, Mr. Kwitny says, represent ''part of a giant flimflam, which accounts for a large part of the half a trillion dollars or so now owed by the poorer countries to the richer ones.
Mr. Brouillard will be 60 in October.
It served as a granary, a kitchen garden, a prison, an arsenal, a lazar house, a mint, a hay loft, a shopping arcade, a telegraph station, a center of prostitution and the founding headquarters of French ballet.
She went into disco motion instead.
Other States Hold Off He said other states were holding off to see what kind of terms Washington would get, Mr. Hancock said.
In a survey of annual pay statistics in the 50 states and the District of Columbia, the Labor Department agency found that workers in Alaska had the highest average annual pay last year, $28,720.
For the second time this decade, the party's platform, rules and credentials committees conducted their preconvention business in the capital, not the convention city.
So is the significance for investors of national borders.
To me, as a teacher who truly loves her students, I cannot understand why everyone does not want to be a teacher.
National Tennis Center, Flushing Meadows, Queens, 9 A.M. Other Events Basketball: Miller Lite N.B.A.
A Big Upset for Knight The victory constituted about the biggest upset in Knight's coaching career at Indiana.
They will also spend a day sightseeing in London and one day touring northwestern France.
In this case, she said, she takes care of everything in the belief that ''entertaining should be a pleasure, even if it's done for other motivations.''
Featured among the items will be antique jewelry, glassware, period furniture and vintage clothing.
Soon thereafter, the Customs officials seized a shipment of computer components at the San Francisco airport and at the offices of A-Tek Enterprises, a small importer in Cupertino, the same Silicon Valley town where Apple is headquartered.
That's a useful idea, but it still results in more immunity than should be necessary.
Spanish authorities reply that the E.T.A.
The Congressional Budget Office has forecast a deficit in that year of $263 billion if current Administration policies continue.
''But they indicate that the producers never bothered to learn anything about Egyptian life, culture and social traditions.
The inmate, a former optician, asked that his eyes be donated to the Lions Club Eye Bank.
Prosecutors said they would seek the death penalty if the defendant, James J. Koedatich, were convicted.
The report was still another sign that the economy may be overheating.
Most 1973's matured early, were pleasant wines for a while, then faded.
Meanwhile, Elk Mountain, Pa., claims one of the oldest ski- area shovel races, this year celebrating the 15th such event March 17.
And then I heard the American race commentator, Marty Liquori, admit that when he had blamed me the night before he had been wrong.
Then he hefted his big chainsaw from the back of the pickup truck and started down the hillside.
For those who still want mother of vinegar, a vinegar kit may be obtained for $59.95, including shipping, from Franjoh Cellars, P.O.
After 599 pages of constant admonition, our instruction amounts to M. Blancpain's telling Patrice that when game is distributed after a day's shooting, ''it is of general and obligatory usage to offer a gratuity to the gameskeeper.''
Mr. Guillou noted that sometimes things get out of hand.
The team president, Bill Giles , said he was pleased with the job Owens had done and had decided to make the announcement now because he had been getting questions about Owens's role next year.
* NEC Corp. has reduced the interest rate on its $150 million 15-year convertible Eurobond issue to 2 7/8 from 3 1/4 percent, according to the lead underwriter, Credit Suisse First Boston.
DENVER (NFL) - Announced retirement of Rob Lytle, running back.
''I mean, just the idea of having a 22-year-old son is strange enough, and then to have a son who's playing professional football, following in his father's footsteps!
''The engines in here are beautiful to us,'' Tom Epps, an Air Force instructor, said while running his fingers over mangled compressor blades.
So, as is normal for the Rangers these days, the goaltender bore the brunt of the labor and John Vanbiesbrouck was there for the test, fighting off eight shots during two Philadelphia power plays in the first period.
Greenpoint's rate on a 30-year, $80,000 yearly adjustable mortgage early this month was 9 percent, fixed for a year, for a monthly payment of $643.72.
He used to get upset if he went 0 for 4, or the team lost.
In parts of the country, the Government's counterinsurgency efforts now stand little chance of success because, a Western military analyst notes, ''so many of the local people are already in bed with the N.P.A.''
Indian leaders expressed concern that Sikh militants in Punjab had contacts with Sikhs in Pakistan.
The Port Salines airport, started by the Cubans and now estimated to be five months short of completion, is considered vital to the island's tourist industry, regardless of its military implications.
The fundamental case for Con Edison, according to Hutton, centers on the company's financial strength.
The company is listed on the Toronto and Montreal stock exchanges.
Census Bureau statistics show that Washington is also the nation's wealthiest major metropolitan area, the most educated and the city with the highest average mortgage payment.
Service can effectively investigate reports of large-scale recruiting payoffs in college athletics, according to Digger Phelps, the Notre Dame basketball coach.
That completion in the third quarter set up another 37-yard field goal.
She is asked what evolution brought a man of Mr. Mondale's generation to the point where he could become the first man to pick the first woman for a major party's Presidential ticket.
Myers, the guard who has been in a shooting slump all season, made only 5 of 15 shots and failed to provide another dimension to the offense.
National, he said, is contemplating suing Mr. Hoefler for disclosing its trade secrets.
This has left an indelible mark on my family and myself.
The Sterling Drug Corporation hopes that Milrinone, a drug for treatment of heart failure, will bolster its earnings later.
Madalyn Murray O'Hair walked out to the parking lot of her American Atheist Center here and pointed at the six- foot fence topped with three strands of barbed wire and then at the front window.
Cirella required 12 stitches on the left side of his mouth when he was cut by Paul Coffey's stick 4:58 into the last period and never returned.
Mr. Bernstein will conduct the concerts of March 22, 23, 24 and 27, but his program has not yet been announced.
Shipments of manufactured goods rose 2 percent in August, to $100.2 billion, with most of the gain coming from increased auto assemblies.
The airport is essential to the Island.''
But the interest and dividends on foreign accounts are considered taxable income.
Second, while public works projects are among numerous examples of Congressional encroachment, no savings are claimed as a result of changes in any public works project.
In the quirky but insightful essay ''Costume as Methaphor,'' he explores our personal and collective needs for identity.
He has spent 28 years working his way up through the school system.
The Squires are led by Sallie Maxwell, the 5-foot-11-inch center who leads the team in scoring, with an average of 15 points a game, and in rebounding, with 8.
''Most exotic was a full garbage can, which quickly got knocked into the hole,'' reported Dr. Lionel Tiger, the anthropologist, who lives nearby.
But Dr. Huddle said the position that illegal workers are a benefit and not a burden to taxpayers was a ''myth.''
Two disparategroups recently evaluated the State University of New York at Stony Brook - the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools and the Italian Parliamentary Committee on Public Instruction and Fine Arts.
Thus motivated, he scrapped all notions of dignity, consistency and completion.
Like many titles in the catalogue, the hard-cover version of that book virtually stopped selling after it was published in paperback.
The report also recommended allowing workers to reduce their participation in Social Security and rely more on Individual Retirement Accounts.
He enjoined the ''aristocracy of letters'' to welcome to its ranks newcomers, though they bring with them ''the unruly, the uncouth, the 'barbaric,' '' and so to respond affirmatively to Ralph Waldo Emerson's enduring call for attention to ''the literature of the poor, the feelings of the child, the philosophy of the street, the meaning of a household life.''
Even when he tries to buy off the boys with expensive presents, he fools them only momentarily.
- That the race for the Presidential nomination had not propelled him into the premier leadership circle of the black community.
Thanks to its accuracy in matters of sonic detail as well as its broad dispersion of high frequencies, the stereo image presented by this speaker is unusually convincing, suggesting the location of players within the orchestra not only from side to side but also in depth.
The increasingly popular spray guns are usually less expensive than a complete spray outfit based on compressed air and are much easier to use.
The state agency will inherit a large backlog of tenant complaints and owners' applications for rent increases.
''You can't travel with a white set.
Knowing its importance because it is the first season to come out of the new building, I felt I owed it to the public to bring them as elegant a season as possible.''
But Mr. Dominelli's decision to cooperate may come too late to save investors from losses that lawyers close to the case said easily could exceed $100 million.
Governor Cuomo of New York announced last month that he was establishing a special group to recommend policies on the sort of ethical issues the hospital committees face.
Yankees vs. Milwaukee Brewers, at Yankee Stadium, 8 P.M. One of the Yankees' few consolations in this season of disappointment is Phil Niekro, who looks for his 13th victory tonight.
Another man looking at a child's watercolor said he had lost 40 members of his family.
''Domaines'' offers yet another indication that authentic creative talent can make itself felt through the most unconventional trappings of technique and style.
His mother, Renee Flug, is an agent for the Travel Source in Roslyn, N.Y.
Registration dates for the spring semester are Jan. 29, 9:30 A.M. to 1:30 P.M.; Jan. 30, 1 to 4 P.M.; and Feb. 1, 1 to 4 P.M. For additional information, contact the central offices of the Jewish Association for Services for the Aged, 40 West 68th Street, second floor, telephone 724-3200.
Three generations of a German Jewish family in New York.
''A kid like me can come in at age 21 and be editor of a newspaper,'' Mr. Banks said.
Formal proposals for the use of public funds are still awaited.
It has gone on removing long-established black communities from ''white areas.''
Political leaders 'must never, never be stopped from going among the people by a few men of violence, because that is just what they want.'
In essence, that may have been his biggest frustration.
Georgia's Cindy Schreyer won a three-hole playoff on a birdie from Martha Foyer of Southern Methodist and Michele Bertiotti of Miami today to capture the National Collegiate Athletic Association women's golf championship.
She said there was no legal requirement that she relinquish the M.T.A.
inquired one eager new fan of the band leader who died in 1944.
One said that they came from western Sichuan and were going to Wuhan, but he didn't know enough Chinese to explain why.
There's a law against it to begin with.
Abdul-Jabbar smiles when reminded of those sessions in Pauley Pavilion.
The magazine said the souvenir envelopes, which sell for $1 each, depict a mother spacecraft and three smaller craft that separate in orbit to scan the oceans and monitor ship movements.
I be, you be, he be.
All barricades were brought down and gunmen disappeared from the streets, the radio said.
into risky covert operations, including the support of Nicaraguan rebels.
Key legislators said yesterday that they favored efforts to make the system more efficient.
Sean McKenna had two goals and two assists for the Sabres, who kept Bowman waiting for his victory by tying their last four games.
Tornadoes raked the Carolinas yesterday, killing at least 48 people, injuring more than 500 others and leaving hundreds homeless as the twisters razed buildings and toppled trees and power lines.
On June 16, 1884, La Marcus Thompson, who made his fortune by inventing seamless hosiery, opened the first American roller coaster, the Switchback Railway on West 10th Street in Coney Island.
''I want him to get used to different rinks.
Television commercials for the movie ended with the same image.
Under that trust they do not see the income tax returns, he said, because for them to do so would ''defeat the purpose of a blind trust,'' which is to prevent conflict of interest by prohibiting the officeholder from knowing where his money is invested.
The Admiral's agency has no legal power to dictate when and where an airline may schedule its flights.
The key perhaps was their mobility and their readiness to adapt to seasonal change.
At WYBC's studios, the pace is considerably slower.
For appetizers, there are grilled golden-oak mushrooms marinated in balsamic vinegar, which might be followed by a warm pheasant salad with chicory and endive, walnuts and smoked bacon; fillet of steamed red snapper with rosemary cream sauce, or sauteed breast of duck with a tart of sweet red onions and plums and, finally, white-chocolate-praline mousse with raspberry sauce.
2 man in the American Embassy in Moscow, as head of the delegation.
''We backed ourselves into a corner,'' Vairo said.
''Home and property are important to us and the fee will help, but we have our own resources,'' she said.
Mrs. Sigler was subsequently convicted in a neighboring county of filing a false rape charge.
Midway in the second half, with the score tied at 58-58, Loyola ran off a 15- 2 spurt to grab a 73-60 advantage with 6:04 left.
Sign in again next year.
On a night of national celebration, the small boy gets out of bed and makes his way to the window where he watches the fireworks that both enthrall and frighten him.
''But now,'' he said, ''if I can just advance a runner, I feel I've done my part, like I've hit a home run.''
Mrs. Hesselbein said Girl Scout officials had not yet begun planning for next year's cookie drive but would evaluate any additional measures that could be taken to insure that the cookies would be safe from tampering.
Scrutiny by Lawyers It is assumed that lawyers for both companies have already conducted extensive research into what steps might be needed to satisfy the Government.
Chaplin has grown so tremendously popular in a little more than four months that he can no longer work on location, certainly not in public situations.
IN 1980, the automotive industry seemed to be on the road to irreversible ruin.
He said the event was witnessed by several nuns and other worshipers.
Reminded that he once had written, in ''The Coup,'' about a character who perceived that ''a man in America is a failed boy,'' Mr. Updike reveals that the line was ''stolen'' from a phrase in a John Cheever story, but adds that he does ''find something so bewildered - youthful - about American men.''
The officials said later it was almost certain that no Soviet MIG fighters were aboard the ship.
''The goal that came on the 4-on-3 situation was the key in my opinion,'' Larouche said in reference to Mullen's first goal.
Four of the campsites restored by Mr. Pursell's company have been turned back to the United States Bureau of Land Management, and Federal temporary-use permits for four more are scheduled to expire next year.
The Assembly minority leader, Dean A. Gallo, Republican of Parsippany, has warned there will be no Republican votes for the plan, which he called a tax increase; Mr. Karcher referred to it simply as tax reform.
There was silence, and then he picked up the conversation: ''They get to be a part of the family.
Losing 'Talented People' ''I don't think it's very good public policy to reduce budgets by either early retirement or attrition,'' said Donna E. Shalala, the president of Hunter, where 119 of the 243 full professors on the faculty are eligible to retire next year under the plan.
As the major league pennant races move into their final month, there is new evidence of Washington's baseball hunger.
In particular, he insisted that Mr. Winans ''was required to inform his readers that he had taken positions in the securities about which he was writing and intended to realize profits promptly.''
But the weather is at its best from June through August and the island is shrouded in the long summer nights when it rarely gets dark.
In fact, profits from Coldwell's ongoing businesses (before taxes and depreciation) rose sharply as the housing market recovered.
Mr. Hamilton said that Miss Jeritza had tried to sell the score of ''Malven'' at that time, but that they could not agree on a price.
But such references do not count when is is the frank itself or in the masthead, signature, return address, photo caption or reprints of the Congressional Record or news articles.
Reporters had little direct access to Mr. Gorbachev and had to depend on his British hosts for information and impressions.
Todd Simonson, a senior fullback, who rushed for 115 yards, scored the last two touchdowns, on runs of 2 and 4 yards.
He was intercepted only 8 times.
These rust converters also help greatly to inhibit further rusting.
a piece of steak and they're giving us peanuts back.''
THE major innovation of this year's New York Philharmonic Horizons festival is a three concert mini-festival devoted to computer music and coordinated by the composers Roger Reynolds and Charles Wuorinen.
SOCCER MINNESOTA (NASL) - Named Alan Merrick director of community relations.
One part was taken to Japan before World War II.
The Master Eagle Gallery is on the sixth floor of 40 West 25th Street.
David Laulicht, a spokesman for the group, said Amnesty estimated there were now fewer political prisoners in China than during the 1966-76 Cultural Revolution in which thousands of intellectuals were killed, jailed or forced into menial jobs.
A psychologist, he heads the Individual and Family Consultation Center there.
The throws were about $75.
The show at America House, 24 Washington Street, will run through May 9.
The networks are beginning to wonder who will carry the ball into the next decade, not just into the next spring.
10% Is Goal for State Some of the companies that were disqualified apparently went out of business before the investigation started, but others were active bidders.
''Synchronizing the parents is sometimes very difficult,'' observed Mr. Mackill, a breeder who came to the institute from the University of California at Davis more than two years ago.
In 1981, Mr. Gibson finished third in a large field in the Democratic primary for Governor, receiving 85,000 votes.
The boding will be tremendous.''
With the new law, Ohio joins about 20 states that have comprehensive laws on organizing public workers.
As a player, Strickland's scoring average has fallen off by 10 points; as a student, he has taken nearly 45 minutes off the time it used to take him to wake up each morning.
They said the guerrillas had planned an attack similar to one last Tuesday in which 24 policemen were killed.
It's sad that Carnegie Hall or ICM Artists or whoever influences these repertory decisions seems to worry so unimaginatively about the box office.
The troubled institutions have a high risk of failing, generally because of bad loans, the F.D.I.C.
Some of the major ones are Rayonier, a forest products company; Hartford Insurance, ITT Financial and the company's communication equipment operation.
In addition to Representative Wright, they met with Representative Bill Alexander of Arkansas, who is the chief Democratic deputy whip.
The Amoco Cadiz, a supertanker, ran aground on rocks off the French coast after its steering gear failed in a severe storm, and the ship spewed crude oil over 130 miles of the Brittany coastline, damaging fishing grounds and beaches.
It is thought that even the most advanced machines would not be able to duplicate this delicate design.
Among smaller brokers, Thomas M. Coan, president of the Federal Insured Savings Network of Washington, said his company plans to make a mass mailing soon to all its customers about the proposed rule.
Senator Howard H. Baker, Jr. of Tennessee, the majority leader, said he was hopeful that Senator D'Amato and Senator Garn, the bill's sponsor, could agree informally to limit debate.
Short Positions Covered Currency dealers said much of the dollar's gains came as traders bought dollars to cover short positions and reduce their exposure should there be a shift in sentiment in currency markets during the long Veterans Day weekend.
Martin Luther King Sr., who was honored as ''God's Southern gentleman.''
Q.: That reminds me of Shaw, the fact that the working-class characters in his plays, people such as Alfred P. Doolittle, are all so articulate.
Today it is a national park, encompassing the largest and most intriguing archeological preserve in the United States.
''If I wanted to,'' she said, ''the foundation could be a full-time job.
But after only one day at sea, the boat ran into a fleet of pirate boats, 18 in all.
''What I need,'' he said, ''are whistle blowers.''
Add the beer and water while stirring with a wire whisk.
There was no explanation why Thai placed so high among the 51 foreign languages used in the courts.
But they said they were optimistic they could satisfy the objections, raised mostly by Honduras and El Salvador, allies of the United States, and by the more neutral Costa Rica.
About 10 states, including New York, New Jersey and Pennsylvania, are involved in major shared-savings energy-conservation projects.
Mr. Landis, a graduate of Yale University and the Harvard Law School, is an associate in the San Francisco law firm of McCutchen, Doyle, Brown & Enerson.
We tend to fight among ourselves for the small amount of the budget marked for radio.''
Another concept is that of the critical path, which is the sequence of the tasks that limit how fast the project can be completed.
Among residents of the mountain colony at that time were Forest Dryden, founder of Prudential Insurance, and Charles Pfizer of the pharmaceutical company that bears his name.
He wrote it, he explains, because the people he knew and the battles he fought have been misrepresented in other accounts of this era.
Beyond that, many voters seemed convinced that Mr. Price, who is said to think of himself as a kind of tropical British Socialist, had grown too set in his ways to revive the ailing sugar industry, much less to deal firmly with the problem of Guatemala's 125-year-old territorial claim on this New Jersey-sized country.
Mr. Kolodny was 73 years old and lived in Manhattan.
The balls are being stored in six-foot-high boxes in their house as evidence, he said.
A package label, however, that indicates the juicy red steak contains ''tetracycline, penicillin, traces of bambermycin'' and perhaps ''BHT in the packaging material to insure freshness'' may indeed jolt the apathy and substantially ease the Food and Drug Administration's frustrated proposals through Congress.
Mr. Paris performed in Madison Square Garden and Radio City Music Hall in New York, at the Biltmore Bowl in Los Angeles and made appearances on television with such personalities as Ed Sullivan and Milton Berle.
Oklahoma 80 Kansas State 74 NORMAN, Okla. (AP) - The sophomore guard Shawn Clark sparked Oklahoma to a halftime lead, and the Sooners held on for a Big Eight Conference victory.
Mr. Botha's statement was apparently a response to South African press reports that variously quoted Ambassador Nickel as saying the United States was considering the request for sanctuary ''carefully'' or ''seriously.''
That is why the Democrats are speaking with one voice in reminding Americans that a vote for Mr. Reagan is not simply an endorsement of an engaging public personality.
He is the author of a bill to revamp the Federal income tax system; he said he thinks his bill or a compromise measure including parts of his bill and a similar one sponsored by Representative Jack Kemp, Republican of New York, will be voted on next year.
Long-term Treasury bonds yesterday fell a half-point and short-term interest rates rose as much as a quarter of a point.
''Our members care a lot about that, too.''
Actors get notoriety and adoration.
After weeks without the expected announcement of his nomination, Mr. Sawyer abruptly quit.
The counter is closed off from the dining room by what looks like a dark-brown shower curtain.
In the three weeks since July 18, 28 inmate stabbings have occurred in Texas prisons, 12 of them in a four-day period last week.
Mr. Jackson's eight Grammys topped the record of seven won by Paul Simon in 1970, and the six collected by Roger Miller for 1965's ''King of the Road.''
The slain student, Jacqueline McKail, 18, of Queens, was sitting in a car in Brookville Park in the Rosedale section on Sept. 30 when three men approached and demanded money, according to the police.
Princess Anne of Britain was watching from rinkside and had asked to see them.
The Eagles extended their home winning streak to 16 games.
Conciliatory Statement Issued Although the donors pledged about $350 million less than the $450 million the regional group had requested to combat the effects of a severe drought, many Western diplomats said they considered the meeting a success because its communique included a statement conciliatory toward South Africa.
Among the two dozen mostly Irish academics, politicians, clerics and lawyers who gathered Wednesday and Thursday for the symposium were some who warned of the possibility of civil war on top of the violence that has already taken 2,300 lives since 1969.
PATRICK G. HALPIN, Member of Assembly, Mr. Halpin, Democrat of Lindenhurst, represents the 11th Assembly District on the Island.
The rebels are led by Jonas Savimbi, of the National Union for the Total Independence of Angola, Unita, a pro-Western group.
According to Mr. Weber, the case contained many of the pitfalls encountered by children who speak up about molestation.
The Defense Ministry said Mr. Allen was an engineer for the Ruhlin Company of Ohio and was supervising a water project in the northern city of Jaffna sponsored by the United States Agency for International Development.
Eventual Evisceration Once a cultural icon that artists helped create, the car became usual, then uninteresting, and finally undesirable - an object of iconoclasm.
New Hampshire 13 Northeastern 2 BROOKLINE, Mass.
There was not even a seat at the bus stop.
''If it is, as long as you live, you'll never forget it.
Yesterday's largest issue - $150 million by the Iowa Housing Finance Agency - was also the only offering that lacked M.B.I.A.
Limited reservations for this popular tour may be made by mail (Wind Cave National Park, Hot Springs, S.D.
statement about the possibility of larger cuts in long-distance rates came in a long filing with the F.C.C.
For example, Donald Norman, a cognitive scientist at the University of California at San Diego, sees that borderline as crucial for understanding how errors occur.
One sandwich - avocado, bacon and melted cheese - was long on tomato and thick avocado slices and miserly on the bacon and melted cheese; not a good choice at $4.95, unless you crave unadorned avocado.
For 12 days, we chugged gently out of the Languedoc and into Provence, and the garlic content of the charcuterie, bought daily in a village store, increased at every stopping place as if to mark our progress.
But with the rise of porn, drug dealing, peddling, mugging and the city's use of nearby hotels for desperate homeless families, the square's decline has become precipitous.
This drill, which sells for $100, has one new feature that may be even more useful than its electronic circuitry: no key is needed to tighten or loosen the chuck, which holds the bit.
''We had to make some adjustments.''
He had left the scene of what appears to be his greatest triumph.
Testimony About Payment Judge Claiborne was charged with wire fraud in another count to be dismissed.
Football Breakers vs. Tampa Bay Bandits, at New Orleans.
About 8,200 square feet of retail space facing on Madison Avenue was built for small retailers.
Stanley began buying up acreage along the Housatonic in the early 1900's, intending to build a hydroelectric project there.
Annual Rate of 612,000 In its report today, the Commerce Department said sales of new, single- family homes reached an annual rate of 612,000 in May, a decline from 640,000 in April and 654,000 in May 1983.
I think Woody's changed my view of my work - by just assuming I could do all these things.''
Many of her positions, such as support for government aid to the ailing Chrysler Corporation in 1979 are in close harmony with the campaign positions of Mr. Mondale.
As for Jordan, Labor would open any talks on the occupied West Bank without preconditions, while Likud favors the Camp David formula, or several years of Arab self-government and then negotiations.
The general's lawyer, Dan M. Burt, said the judge's refusal to dismiss the case was ''a victory for responsible journalism,'' showing that ''even the largest media network in the world'' could be ''held accountable in an American court of law.''
Cliff Robinson scored 19 points for Cleveland.
He said the museum would honor New Jersey entertainers, including Frank Sinatra, Count Basie and Connie Francis.
Despite some rather Lisztian tremoloes, this is a successful adaptation, and it received a first class performance of strength and sensitivity.
''I'll look to you, Al,'' President Reagan told his newly designated Secretary of State - and he doubtless meant it.
What this does is set the stage for Congress to consider the issue, and there will be legislation introduced in Congress tomorrow offering a compromise.''
However, Murray adds, ''I didn't start a bigger band for any political reason.
Cocktail glasses, bow ties, cars, Marilyn Monroe themes, palm trees, cartoons and jukeboxes were popular.
When Strobe indicated to me what he had already been told by others about the ''walk in the woods'' (when Mr. Nitze met privately with his Soviet counterpart and reached an informal agreement on ''a joint exploratory package'' for limiting the deployment of medium-range missiles in Europe), I decided it would be better that he have the facts straight rather than having them wrong.
Voters here will decide on Tuesday whether their Mayor should be removed from office midway through the four-year term he won by a narrow margin in 1982.
Some of these sources say that just as the Polish Government may have won some room for maneuver from Moscow with its position on the German issue, so, too, the Polish church, by stressing its support of the Government on this point, is seeking to gain advantage in the many areas where it is pitted against the authorities.
The grim sight left a deep, inerradicable mark on him; he knew that some day he would make a sculpture of it.
Mrs. Dunlop feels the feminist movement criticizes Mr. Reagan merely for having been born into an older, more ''gentlemanly'' generation.
The first, decided in 1980 before Mr. Shad came to the S.E.C., found that only those who are clearly corportate insiders can be guilty of insider trading violations.
He broke for lunch about 1:30, returned by 3 P.M. and worked until dark.
Open, free, through Sept. 15.
Corn and soybean futures prices were lower and wheat was higher in moderate trading on the Chicago Board of Trade.
American citizenship was a logical next step, which to her needs no explaining.
The unacceptable concept of spheres of influence has at times prevailed.''
They include the suspension last June of Dr. Columbus Salley, who had been Executive Superintendent for three years.
The measure is the sixth pension increase enacted since 1967 for workers already retired.
In the school's office-trailer across from the track, the walls are covered with tournament paperwork and signboards, inked lines linking boxes to show the teams' progression.
In December 1960, Louis J. Glickman, with the encouragement of a tenant's group, offered the Clark Foundation, which had recently inherited the property, $4.6 million in cash for the lot and the Dakota.
Critics of the President of both left and right say his measures have been too few and too late.
It is not done to keep the official's name secret from other governments since foreign correspondents, including Russians, are usually present, as they were today.
Among other local programs, ''Outdoor Life,'' on Saturday, attracts many of the area's numerous sportsmen, and ''Call the Doctor,'' a phone- in medical program, is popular on Sunday mornings.
Stock prices have been mostly declining since early January in response to several factors, including rising interest rates, strong economic gains that have caused concern about overheating and huge Federal budget deficits that have kept upward pressure on interest rates.
ALLEN E. BURNS New York/Bronx May 16, 1984
He said the Justice Department was investigating the disclosure because ''it was leaked by somebody in the Government.''
PRINCETON: All seven rival coaches said the same thing, ''If Princeton's defense comes around, look out for the Tigers.''
The point was not to design pieces that would be immediate classics.
What is the Government concerned about?
If the bank cannot raise the $1 million, it becomes insolvent, even if the $1 million loan is later repaid as scheduled.
''I think we will definitely know tomorrow,'' Gruninger said.
Before signing the executive order, the Cuomo administration discussed the issue with the Civil Service Commission and state employee unions and heard no objections, Mr. Dullea said.
Actually, the story unfolds pleasantly enough.
demands the husband of one prima donna.
Rupert Murdoch bought a 6.5 percent stake in St. Regis Paper for $65 million, but insists he is not seeking a takeover .
All in all, American performances were impressive here.
Miss Culver underlines supposed parallels between Pompeii in A.D. 79 and the world at large in 1984.
Mr. Luxemburg believes that a properly enacted fee could be imposed as long as the sale was not closed.
Tkaczuk, a popular Ranger center, had to retire in the 1980-81 season because of that injury.
Also in Sussex County, the Wallpack, Flatbrook-Roy and Hainesville State Wildlife Management Areas are adjacent to or near High Point and Stokes.
The transportation agency has taken several moves to bring United States standards in line with European standards in recent years.
The following cold and frozen mousses take advantage of summer fruits.
At the same time, race riots and a resurgent Ku Klux Klan, revealed the depths of racial hatred, as well as the hypocrisy, of white governments that callously betrayed the principle of self-determination (when it came to the third world) at the Paris Peace Conference.
*Remove core of cabbage and tough or blemished outer leaves.
Armco said it is negotiating with Allianz Versicherungs A.G. of West Germany for the sale of most of the insurance businesses and with other companies for the sales of several smaller insurance operations.
A $74 million expansion of its Toronto brewery and the addition of a new fast-bottling line will be complete by May 1985 and increase capacity at that plant 50 percent, Carling O'Keefe said.
Criticism From Archbishop ''I never felt that the two commitments were incompatible,'' said the Governor, who has been criticized by Archbishop John J. O'Connor of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York for his support of state financing of abortions for Medicaid recipients.
In the Agent Orange case, Federal District Judge Jack B. Weinstein helped spur the settlement by innovative rulings narrowing the defense of the Government and the herbicide's manufacturers.
The life of Charles W. Moore is hardly gripping: a precocious childhood in Battle Creek, Mich., college at the University of Michigan, architectural practice, an Army stint in Korea, graduate work at Princeton and the chairmanship of the architecture departments at Berkeley, Yale and U.C.L.A.
''It was good just to talk, like more or less getting the hurt out of you.
But Roone Arledge, the president of ABC News and ABC Sports, conceded, ''Some of our expert commentators are getting carried away and becoming cheerleaders.''
But here they lost to Ted Horning of Thornhill, Ontario; John Carruthers and Susan Handelman, both of Toronto, and Pat Lapides of San Diego, who were seeded 49th.
For several years Roy Lewis has been writing novels about Eric Ward, the ex-cop who has become a lawyer after having been forced to leave the police because of near- blindness from glaucoma.
The officers would be listed in order of ranking on the test, and those who scored highest would be offered promotions first.
All India is here to worship, to pray and dance.
BTK, a clothing concern based in El Paso, Tex., was not named in the S.E.C.
Liza Oestrich, a student at the Parsons School of Design, belongs because ''it brings together all the small groups in New York, who know each other anyway.''
Judge Ritter has also served in the Criminal Division of the United States Department of Justice.
But he said he did not believe this ''constituted a situation ripe for mismanagement.''
There are four areas of our national life that today offer powerful opportunities for drug abuse prevention: the schools, the work place, the highways and families with teen-agers (the age when virtually all drug use begins).
Given the expense of caviar (the American version is considerably less expensive but it is still a luxury item) it should be treated with great care at home, too.
They cost about $100 million apiece and take about three years to build and launch.
The rate of job growth, almost identical to last year's, would be 1.5 percent, compared with a predicted national average of about 2 percent, said Peter C. Goldmark Jr., executive director of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey.
But as Walker sat on the sideline, awaiting an opportunity to enter the game, Cook sparked a charge in which he scored 10 of the Nets' next 11 points and made a key defensive play as the Nets won.
Mrs. Levy and others said that the interest in shared housing is not a pretext to tap Federal housing money for the elderly, which has sustained the fewest cuts of all Federal housing-aid programs.
MARION BROMLEY Cincinnati, Aug. 24, 1984
In addition, 88 percent of the leaders who responded said they believed the Rev.
But the wager is certain to be forfeited - at the expense of our common defense - without the vital relief requested in our petition.
Now, his picture is everywhere, and his death is seen by many Christians as their cause's lost opportunity, the great tragedy that robbed a young man of his life and his people of their best chance for survival.
The change was made possible by a $600,000 increase in financing from the city.
His great risk in going abroad, the narrator observes, is that he may become ''a phony.''
But it was also clear that the wholes amounted to less than the sums of the parts.
As for restaurants, well, the mood is much the same; Fort Worth calls itself the city where the West begins; in Dallas the East has more than a beachhead.
''That tells me a couple things,'' Johnson said.
Mondale seems to believe in MAD,'' Mr. Reagan said.
He explained yesterday from his home in Orem, Utah, that for three years he has suffered from an allergy that affects his running ability, but usually disappears at the end of June.
Admission to eveything is free.
A competitor, who was not at the lunch, offered an answer: ''Morgan's got to hire people with a wider array of personality to diversify its client base.
Accusations led to revelations, and soon it was learned not only that a high proportion of B.C.
*2 CORONER, by Thomas T. Noguchi with Joseph DiMona.
Barnes (D) N Y N N MASSACHUSETTS 1.
But Mr. Munoz said today that one factor that led the board to change its mind had been Dr. Love's premature release of reading and mathematics scores for Chicago school pupils.
Big Billboards Would Go Gone, critics point out, would be the airy quality around the core of Times Square and the nearly one dozen big billboards and elaborate electric signs that mark much of Broadway and Seventh Avenue between 42d and 43d Streets.
In the men's 400 medley swimming relay yesterday, Vladimir Shemetov, Dmitri Volkov, Aleksandr Markovski and Sergei Smiriakin of the Soviet Union bettered the European record in 3:42.15 but were well off the world- record time of 3:39.30 that won an American quartet the Los Angeles gold.
For him, Mr. Updike said, ''the marriages are an ending to my book.
The National Alliance took four seats in the seven-seat House of Assembly, the People's Party had two, and an independent won the other one.
Somebody Had to Jump ''I thought we needed somebody out there that can jump up and down and say, 'Hey, it's not over,' '' Beal said.
The United States needs time to respond to this phenomenon.
''It's not made in a very traditional style.
Why are people talking about it all over the world?
The boutique, at 795 Madison Avenue (67th Street), prefers that the customer make an appointment.
Difference in Voters Noted But he added that the individual positions of the Democrats could make a difference in the primaries because Democratic voters are more interested in policy than the average November voter.
When they become aware of the camera, their smiles become broader; they raise their hands, two fingers spread in a V-for-victory sign.
He said the unreleased recordings contain music for a ballet never publicly performed and for a film that was never produced.
Mr. Markey had prompted unfavorable reaction when he decided first to seek Senator Tsongas's seat and then to seek re-election.
Green Bay is 8-4, Pittsburgh, 12-10, and the Los Angeles Raiders, 2-1.
No acquaintance and friendship with Jews in the United States can prepare Americans - whether Jews or non-Jews - to fathom the often remote and archaic cultures that dominate Israel.
Mr. Straszheim of Wharton said that in February, he had expected a 6 percent growth rate in the first quarter.
A security guard at the plant, Frank Duff, said that the two officers had examined the bag on the door before going to another building to call the Police Department bomb squad.
Although contact with his parents is limited at best, Walter said he tries to keep them informed of his activities.
''Belleek is incorrectly identified as an Irish line for Irish people, unlike Waterford, which is universal,'' said Mr. Thompson.
Gasps of astonishment could be heard as the price rapidly soared far beyond the prices ever before paid for any picture by any artist at auction.
Ernie Grunfeld, who backs up King and sometimes plays in the backcourt, missed the game with a bad right knee.
The American Medical Association's resolution is an important step toward changing public attitudes, even if it oversteps in calling for a complete ban on boxing.
*Unmold the charlotte onto a round serving platter.
''When you are working in an area that affects the historic core, you are caught between commissions and competing positions,'' Mr. Moore said.
Classes begin: Oct. 16 and 17.
Such a change is characteristic of the second year of an upward swing in the business cycle.
Frank Cashen, the general manager of the Mets, and Dave Johnson, the manager, also monitored their rookie star.
Sound waves enter the device through a tiny microphone attached to the ear and travel down the cord into the pack to be converted into electronic signals.
Johnson, questioned about the reports on Thursday, the day of his victory, replied, ''That's a bad rumor.''
Voters like Robert Beasley, an installer of communications equipment, worry about the escalating arms race with the Soviet Union.
''The pool is the visual core of the house,'' says the architect.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
But in fact we have had such deterrent power for a long time.
Mr. Stafford, who would not say whether he would support the new bill, faced questions from the crying widow of a victim of asbestos poisoning.
Home Care Systems Inc. in an exchange of stock.
On Sunday, at the dedication ceremony following the Defense Department's annual Veteran's Day observance at the Tomb of the Unknowns, the privately financed memorial and its new statue will be turned over to the United States Park Service, for perpetual maintenance by the Government.
And we've also proposed discussions to expand and multiply contacts of benefit to both our peoples.
''Maybe he could have come back later in the year, but there was no point.
The film makers won their race, but as Harve Bennett, the executive producer, commented, ''one foul-up could have been disatrous.''
Seaver Is Exempt The compensation pool and the rankings statistics were created as part of the settlement of the 50-day strike in 1981.
He wanted $2,000 worth, but he could only find 342 coins, so one of the banks ordered more.
Most programs written for personal computers can be copied with relative ease, and industry officials have complained that the industry loses millions of dollars in revenues a year as hobbyists swap copies of programs they have purchased.
As a result, scientists had learned little about the amorous activities of huge reptiles whose jaws can crush a deer.
He gave the Expos a 2-1 lead by scoring as Argenis Salazar bounced into a force play at second.
In a suit filed in Los Angeles, Stallone contends Pryor signed a three-year contract in June last year.
It was Arthur Fiedler, taking over in 1929, who developed the widely-imitated pops format of a three-act concert: ''light classic'' openers; a guest soloist; show tunes and the like to close.
A West German company has already delivered the components of a medium-range missile to the Libyans; only the most cockeyed optimists think that terror states will not be able to buy intercontinental missiles on the secret arms market by 1990.
Two fairs that cause heavy congestion ought not to be allowed in narrow Manhattan on the same day.
In a single 60-second spot, there are at least 20 different locations and activities, each properly populated by happy people.
The first measure would prohibit discrimination against a person because of physical or mental disability.
Babe Laufenberg, reserve quarterback, and Jeff Pegues, linebacker, were placed on injured reserve list.
''We all noted that, when he told her off, he really let her have it,'' she said.
That agreement, which the guerrillas said would remain in effect, would allow unhindered travel by civilians from Dec. 22 to Jan. 3.
They offer a potpourri of historical bravado and sociological data.''
''This can't be done without the colleges, but if college faculty members don't know what a curriculum should be, it bewilders me how a superintendent of schools will.''
The National Archives and Records Service, the official repository of all Government records, asked both Mr. Kissinger and Mr. Haig to allow it to insure the integrity of the State Department's administrative files by deciding which Government papers were official and which were ''personal'' and thus eligible for the protective shield provided by a deed to the Library of Congress.
The Wyoming Supreme Court, by a vote of 3 to 2, today upheld the conviction of Deborah Jahnke, 19 years old, who helped her brother kill their father for what the two children said was a lifetime of abuse.
Paul G. Wolcott, a spokesman for Mr. Kean, said the Governor could not comment on a proposal that had not yet been brought to his attention.
Michigan State University teaches key business issues between the two countries in its undergraduate business school.
Mr. Crow smiled and as he sat on the Mayor's black leather couch, Mr. Sturz recalled, he ''seemed almost affectionate'' in his reactions toward Mr. Koch.
The State Legislature has granted an extension of the tax through 1986, when it is to be phased out unless extended further.
Little has been done until recently, when New Jersey began making overtures to lure wholesalers away from New York.
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics study, since 1982 employment in department stores increased by 4,000 jobs, to 52,000, after losing 11,000 jobs from 1977 to 1983.
''Historically, absentee ballots reflect the same trend as the actual votes in an election,'' said John Zakian, a political scientist from Yonkers.
Prudential-Bache believes that such a decline, about 10 percent from current levels, will result from two factors.
Union officials said privately that expiration of the contract might bring some minor wildcat slowdowns in the huge sorting centers.
Where the Buck Stops In a city that cherishes its institutional idiosyncracies, the Judges Garrity have become something of an institution of their own - the place where the buck stops in Boston.
Mr. Reagan expressed deep concern that our nuclear-missile policy had driven us into a box.
The average person, even most athletes, are apprehensive and vain about the small bruises and hurts that age the body.
However, if you check your baggage, you will wait a long time to get it back.
Labor, by contrast, would have been more disposed to eliminate points of friction with Egypt, less aggressive on settlements and more amenable to talks with Jordan.
There are two types of exit from this kind of thing, and that is one of them.
We believe we must be the family of America, recognizing that at the heart of the matter we are bound one to another, that the problems of a retired school teacher in Duluth are our problems.
''There have always been disagreements over how fast a tougher standard ought to be pursued,'' he said.
Yemen has discovered a large amount of oil that could be exported through the Red Sea in two years or less, the country's President said.
''The Governor is not all that popular,'' Mr. Sorenson said.
Morris Used 98 Pitches Working on three days of rest instead of his customary four, Morris, a 29-year-old right-hander, used only 98 pitches in stifling the Padres.
In some cases, the $20 fee for a second card will also rise, to $25.
Braves 5, Padres 1 SAN DIEGO (AP) - Dale Murphy homered for his first r.b.i.
During her tenure, the subsidiary's assets increased to $2 billion, from $860 million.
Clerc advanced with a 7-6, 6-3 triumph over unseeded Mike Leach of Weston.
In the evenings long lines of cars wait to be searched at roadblocks, and at dawn heavily armed policemen, dressed in combat fatigues, knock on hotel room doors to check the identity papers and inspect the belongings of foreigners.
It was resoundingly approved by Woodward & Lothrop's shareholders.
Most common is eating or drinking too fast or too much.
No one was hurt in the blast.
Het Zoute is right next to the enchanting Het Zwin bird sanctuary, a spread of choice seaside real estate that abuts the Netherlands border.
I will enjoy the prize and enjoy life.''
The Eleo Pomare Dance Company will revive his ''Blues for the Jungle'' in performances from Oct. 25 through 27 at City College's Aaron Davis Hall.
The further the production gets from realism, the better it works.
Set in an Army Camp ''A Soldier's Story'' stars Howard E. Rollins Jr. as a black officer sent to investigate the murder of a black sergeant at an Army camp in the South in 1944.
Important food crops such as wheat, oats, corn and barley showed little or no effect when treated.
MCI is now engaged in a marketing campaign in Charleston, trying to convince consumers to designate it as their preferred long-distance company instead of A.T.&T.
They feel they have hit upon and enlivened a fashion message being listened to universally: that fashion is becoming more undesigned, ''timeless'' is the favorite word here, and that women's clothing inspired by men's clothing has become the order of the French day.
More people are drawing paychecks tonight than ever before.
Lipsyte, gratuitously, adds in a voice-over: ''Strawberry's for the customers this season.
Institutional money is important, particularly when individuals seem to be shunning the market.
Some refused to call it a slump, noting that a low rate keeps inflation in check without stagnation.
On the strength of ''Salesman,'' he should be able to shift, with confidence, back and forth between stage and screen, choosing characters from a repertory of possibilities.
To avoid breaking the law, and to take advantage of various bonus seasons, the New York State hunter must do a considerable amount of homework.
Applying that test to this case, the Court reaches an essentially narrow result which turns largely upon the particular holiday context in which the City of Pawtucket's Nativity scene appeared.
She has been on a tour ''gathering experiences, so to speak.''
''We prefer to say sincerely that these are the problems that have to be confronted and resolved,'' he said.
Hearing the news, they wanted to go home, but their father, an evangelical minister, encouraged them to stay ''to make their voices for peace'' more effectively heard.
The exchange's composite index of 1,500 common equities rose 0.60, to 91.67, while Standard & Poor's index of 500 stocks was up 1.05, to 159.24.
A group of young men, sensing heroics in the hijinks, pranced behind her.
''They have mandated percentages of the handle and we're last in line even though we pay all the expenses.''
America, South Africa's number one trading partner, never quite got around to that - or what role we've played relative to Central America, Nicaragua and Cuba.
When movie producers sued the Sony Corporation eight years ago to test their copyrights against the home video recording industry, they tried not to offend or threaten the consumer.
He returned to Old Greenwich to start a takeout and catering business, and six years later when the space became available, he and his wife opened their French- style bistro that seats 60 people.
Another observer put it more generously - the gathering was made up of youths who for one reason or another were not athletic, had high I.Q.
The Giants' quarterback talks a good even-keel game.
It was Sabin's most impressive performance ever, and elevated her to the class of the best grass fillies ever.
With a kind of sentimental desperation he ends up focusing on Arnold's younger brother, Bobby.
They certainly didn't play yesterday.
The captured plan, however, says the operation was to be carried out by 117 selected guerrillas of the Popular Liberation Forces' Unit 125.
''We have to protect the kids from themselves and give them guidance.
Special to The New York Times LONDON, Aug. 2 - International Computers Ltd., the largest British owned computer company, praised yesterday the antitrust settlement beween the International Business Machines Corporation and the European Economic Community.
''I am greatly disappointed in the Justice Department, which is changing sides on a decree that it helped fashion,'' said Mayor Richard Arrington Jr. of Birmingham, Ala. To what was he referring?
But that does not preclude action by Federal prosecutors, he added.
The controversy over publicity has truly dogged the DeLorean case since its beginning Oct. 19, 1982.
The opinion, City Council v. Taxpayers for Vincent (No.
Chambers after Jan. 1, 1937.
Temporary Employees Upset ''Well I guess it's back to paperwork,'' said Angelo Fanelli, the director of engineering at the hospital, who has spent the past seven weeks working 12-hour days to repair air-conditioners, dishwashers and just about everything else that has broken down.
The notice by Sir James, made in a two-page letter to Crown's chairman, W.T.
The same ease extends to household maintenance.
Thus, some floor traders who believed it was unlikely the average would close above 155 sold calls extensively.
And almost everybody agrees unless we get it down the chances for long-term healthy growth are nil.
He came from Munich, West Germany, two years ago and was sharing a house with friends on City Island.
An unexpected run of success ended for a 16-year-old tennis player from Scarsdale, N.Y. What did she do?
To jurors in the midst of their deliberations, the subtle, legalistic distinctions between the ''subjective'' and ''police methods'' tests are likely to blur, or, perhaps more accurately, to merge.
A high school diploma is required, although no previous knowledge of French is necessary; school officials say that a working French vocabulary will be acquired during the course.
The debate, as it is being called, begins at 3 P.M., but ''if all they do is give slightly condensed versions of their campaign speeches,'' says Ted Koppel, the moderator, ''no matter how large the audience is at 3 P.M., it will be a fraction of that at 3:15.''
With a vocal range that soars to an F above high C, a control of pitch that allows her to execute flawless two-part duets with an array of reeds and woodwinds and a musical intelligence that finds her equally comfortable with show tunes, rock- and-roll and jazz, Miss McGovern is physically capable of sounding like just about anyone.
Denial of Aid to Rebels NEW YORK Democrats - Ackerman, yes; Addabbo, yes; Biaggi, yes; Downey, yes; Ferraro, yes; Garcia, yes; LaFalce, xxx; Lundine, yes; McHugh, yes; Mrazek, yes; Nowak, yes; Ottinger, yes; Owens, yes; Rangel, yes; Scheuer, yes; Schumer, yes; Solarz, yes; Stratton, no; Towns, yes; Weiss, yes.
The developer's option expired last December and nothing else has been formally proposed for the site since.
That has been achieved, White House and Pentagon officials point out, with the blessing of the President and Mr. Weinberger, who have been receptive to military advice in their effort to ''rearm America.''
The tone is that of a colonial primer, with Mr. Thomson providing the accompanying musical tableaux.
''If you give somebody a check, you've taken care of 80 percent of their problems.
Next highest was Los Angeles, with yields reaching 11.68 percent, from 11.65 percent.
Americans, unlike their Chinese counterparts, Mr. Hu added, drink, eat and chew gum in class.
The decision to proceed with the announcement was taken in another conference call by Mr. Bush, Mr. McFarlane and Mr. Baker.
''Both are timely and, like the previous 'Where's the beef?'
The agency said exports totaled $5.71 billion in the period, while imports totaled $8.43 billion.
Foyt and Bob Wollek of France, who combined with the French driver Claude Ballot-Lena to win this race in 1983, shared the cockpit of a Porsche Turbo 935 with the Englishman Derek Bell and finished second today.
Briefing by Diplomats The diplomats spoke at a regular weekly briefing on Afghanistan for Western reporters, who are not allowed into the country by the Afghan authorities.
''Silkwood,'' for example, appears to catch the harsh difficulty of working on a highly dangerous production line.
The maker of copiers and cameras said revenues climbed 13.2 percent, to 657.32 billion yen, or $2.93 billion, from 580.5 billion yen.
Warmup Time Needed It was warm, about 80 degrees, but Miss Kohde-Kilsch apparently needed the first four games to crank up her limbs, and she seemed to grow larger and cover more ground as the match progressed.
India's first man in space is to perform yoga while strapped to sensitive instruments that measure weightlessness and motion sickness, Soviet space officials said today.
By that time, he said, the Reliance arrived.
Because the mining was part of a covert operation, other senators said, it did not receive the attention it warranted.
Part of A.T.& T.'s campaign allows users to buy blocks of time for long- distance calls at a set price on nights and weekends.
Carol Eaton London was matron of honor for her cousin, who is known as Peggy.
A Verbal Exchange That led Gov.
The dark natural wood interior is dominated by rows of awamori bottles; the slow, melancholy strains of the Ryukyu shamisen flow beneath bright tones of conversation.
A copy of the document, which uses language characteristic of other rebel statements, referring, for example, to the American ''intervention and the prolonged war that has polarized Salvadoran society,'' was provided by the United States Embassy.
One reason is clear: After Soviet tanks crushed the ''Prague spring'' of 1968, more than 500,000 Czechs were banished from the Communist Party, from their jobs and from any political or economic roles.
Neither the Government nor some 140,000 coalminers who have shut Britain's older mines for almost six months appeared willing to give in.
In the abrupt ending of ''Jomon Sho,'' Mr. Amagatsu has craftily left us hanging as well.
''He will inject some vitality into the company.''
The finding gives researchers a new way to seek the specific cause of the ailment.
But he openly stated that after all the years of only having a base in the Western Hemisphere in Cuba, that now they had bases here in Nicaragua and in Grenada.
The first charge of electricity administered today to Alpha Otis Stephens in Georgia's electric chair failed to kill him, and he struggled to breathe for eight minutes before a second charge carried out his death sentence for murdering a man who interrupted a burglary.
''It sounds stupid, annoying, crazy,'' said Alfred S. Remsen, president of Pearce, Urstadt, Mayer and Greer Realty Corporation, a Manhattan brokerage.
His attorney, Joseph Fallek, told Judge Eli Lazarus, ''My client looks forward to his day in court.''
He reminded us there would be complications, it would be difficult in New York.
And, as all know, there is nothing more broadening than travel.
All told, the opponents had a record of 75-32-3, or a percentage of .695.
(The phrase ''The Dream Come True,'' the company said, came unsolicited from a consumer in a test marketing group.)
Contributions Challenged Mr. Hunt, meanwhile, noted that the state Democratic Party last week filed a complaint with the Federal Election Commission, charging that the Helms campaign had benefited from illegal contributions and services by the National Congressional Club, a political action committee, and Jefferson Marketing Inc., an advertising concern, both of which are controlled by aides to Mr. Helms.
From each according to his abilities.''
The dresses, also in bright colors, were covered in a graffiti print and were worn with matching graffiti print tights.
''It is ambitious,'' he said.
Gen. James A. Abrahamson of the Air Force, director of the Strategic Defense Initiative, stated in the industry newsletter Defense Daily of Aug, 7 (page 196), ''There is no policy at this time to share S.D.I.-related technology with the Soviet Union.''
But Vietnam wanted the matter dealt with directly by the United States, and Washington agreed.
Crossing the Green Line Makram Jaber, a 21-year-old Druse engineering student who lives in West Beirut, says he gets lost whenever he crosses the 600-yard-stretch of road into East Beirut, because he has done it so few times.
Marjorie Bradley Kellogg and Ann Roth are responsible for the sets and costumes, respectively, and Edwin Sherin, artistic director of the theater, is directing.
Sometimes he quit and sometimes he was dismissed, but he always appeared to wear out his welcome with an insistent refusal to be muzzled, by owners, players or referees.
At what temperature the liquid methyl isocyanate turns to gas was unclear.
We recognize immediately the trumpeting dotted rhythms, the repetitive coda figures that break off abruptly, the grand silences - which must certainly reflect Bruckner's years of playing the organ in echoing churches.
Change requires a recognition that much as New York needs subways, their survival is by no means assured.
But I hope my mother did not feel guilty about her latchkey child.
The operations had been acquired when Occidental bought the Cities Service Company in late 1982.
Dining California-Mexican food is discussed above, and it is hard to go wrong in any of the Old Town establishments.
More than 50 patients have entered it.
''I'm appealing to people all across the country who love Nate and his music,'' she said.
But the experts pointed out that teachers are not the only adults to take advantage of the trust placed in them by children.
''But now that it is, I think we're seeing results in the form of fewer crimes involving guns being reported.''
He also had top-level talks in Israel, Jordan and Egypt.
The past 100 years or so have been dubbed the century of svelte by Dr. William Bennett and Joel Gurin in ''The Dieter's Dilemma'' (Basic Books, 1982).
George Rochberg's ''Nach Bach'' is one of the composer's collages of old and new, with fragments of Bach's E minor Partitia fading in and out of Mr. Rochberg's more brittle and brilliant textures.
But Meese hasn't been doing much of the campaign stuff anyway.
The intention of the law was to raise money to rehabilitate the nation's highway system and to make trucks pay for a higher proportion of highway wear and tear.
Auto sales continued strong, as the nation's six major manufacturers reported a 31.8 percent rise in sales for the first 10 days of the year.
Metropolitan The police sergeants examination will continue in force in New York City despite a high failure rate among black and Hispanic officers, Mayor Koch said in expressing the view that the exam was not discriminatory.
The dollar declined yesterday against most major currencies, and analysts said it was because many foreign exchange traders sold dollars to cash in on substantial gains earlier this week.
Reviewing Dr. Mays' autobiography, ''Born to Rebel'' in The New York Times in 1971, Ishmael Reed commented: ''Mays' generation strove for first- rate accommodations, services and the right to be addressed by their titles instead of 'boy' or 'Uncle,' or even 'nigger.'
''It is the old female love-work dilemma, the dilemma Isadora thought she'd solved years ago, now come back to haunt her in a new form.
Mr. Albanese said legitimate social workers carry photo identification cards, which parents may demand to see.
''It's away from it all,'' said her husband, Steven, who did, too.
All turning points, all Washington losses.
(Fumigants are not sprayed on fruit set aside for juicing or canning.)
Mestre said he did not know which other sports would be represented by Venezuela at the Olympics.
The official explanation from Vanguard has been that the race was dropped for business reasons.
We do not need retreads of successful, recent Broadway plays; one tends to approach such selections with some suspicion and much trepidation.
Question: We will be traveling to Italy - Rome, Milan, Bologna and Florence - with our two daughters, 2 1/2 years old and 5 months.
Thomas Thomson, chief economist at Crocker National Bank, said he did not believe the slowdown would deteriorate into a recession, in part because the size of inventories was far below levels that would raise concerns about sharp cutbacks in production.
Harold Weston Jr., who won the featured bout that night and is now the Madison Square Garden matchmaker, has Fernandez in a 10-round contest against Angel Cruz.
Because of long rivalry between the police and the military, the army refused to provide them with heavy weapons.
However, they make a logical error when using that as a reason for a continued war on marijuana producers.
A young woman hanged herself from a tree last month in a rural village.
The first of these - a County Big Tree Register - is already under way.
Of major third world debtors, Argentina, the third-largest with about $45 billion in loans, is a more important test of creditor attitudes.
Most experts assume the Jets will take Russell Carter, a defensive back from Southern Methodist, with the 10th pick and David Lewis, a tight end from the University of California-Berkeley, with the 15th.
When a love affair is over, there comes a lull during which one is once more aware of friends and passers- by, of things constantly happening as they do in a vivid, crowded dream.
Far more than the other candidates, Mr. Jackson has made his campaign a call to the conscience of affluent America, white and black, in the spirit of 1960's idealism.
Mike Pagliarulo, who was not around during the first half of the year when the Yankees teetered near last place, continued to brighten their second half when he hit a grand slam last night in a 10-2 rout of the Orioles.
; 35 QxR, Q-N6ch; 36 K-B1, R-K8ch!
For example, Montana and Idaho have eliminated salmon-netting in the headwaters of many rivers to preserve the fish and insure that the eagles' favorite food is available at migration time.
The officials reported that the last two meetings at Manzanillo had dealt with substantive issues.
''I believe that the artist must achieve creative control over the whole of his environment.''
''The most difficult thing to remember about tissue culture is how difficult it is,'' Mr. George said.
He said that Senator Flynn has not been serving his district well and that he was not as qualified as Mr. Sbarra is the first time out.
The 100 ''mushers'' who controlled about 1,000 dogs along 20 miles of trails competed for $30,000 in prizes in the International Sled Dog Championships.
It was romantic, individual, expressive, but also meandering, occasionally brittle and insufficiently observant of the composer's formalities.
I like to remember things.
Eating them outside the pizzeria can cost $25 more.
''I've lived through eight floods, but it was never like this, never, ever.''
The pilot program would cost about $2.7 million and would be run by the Youth Bureau.
The qualifiers came from 74 marathons in 43 states during a year that began with the 1983 Boston Marathon and ended with last month's running of the same race.
Bettors who claim to need a satchel to carry their money into the race track say they left their bankrolls at home for the Kentucky Derby and the Preakness this year but will unpack their bags at the parimutuel windows today before the 116th Belmont Stakes.
The closely watched 12 percent Treasury bond traded between 98 and 99 last August, dropped again to about 100 in mid-December, pierced the December low on Friday, and could now easily fall to between 98 and 99, Mr. Parker said.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
His way of seeing affects our way of seeing.''
However, the report noted that many of the former patients are too ill to seek or even accept treatment.
On other domestic issues, the platform spells it all out: tuition tax credits (designed to destroy the public schools); capital punishment (it must be ''carried out humanely''); appointments (''we will continue to hold all public officials to the highest ethical standards,'' presumably no higher than those of Edwin Meese 3d, Mr. Reagan's Attorney General designate); environment (''conservation means development as much as it does protection'').
By evening it was so severe that my doctor advised me to go to the emergency room of a midtown hospital for a shot to kill the pain.
''We have an obligation to our clients to see that they're gainfully situated.''
American veterans of the Korean War, who number as many as five million, are the only veterans of a major war this century without a memorial to commemorate their service, the commission said.
The potential impact of a magnet school can be seen in the dilapidated Coney Island area at Mark Twain Junior High School, which until 1975 had an enrollment almost entirely of black and Hispanic children and one of the lowest achievement records in New York City.
The consumer is going to pay for all of this nonsense.
Now the name ''Flamingo Kid'' is back for good, and the film opens Dec. 21.
Action on the report, which must be adopted by the Assembly before it can become official policy of the association, is expected Monday.
The lines have become routine now, snaking back from the metal detectors, outside the Capitol and across the open plaza.
Interest in the region, it seemed, rises only in time of war, conflict or acts of terror.
''It's not who's hot or cold,'' he said, ''but who we'd like to see perform next to each other and fill in the blanks about each other.''
Not counting Breland's annuity, the fighters will earn $10 million for the lengths of their contracts with Main Events, Duva said.
I always find myself puzzled and disturbed by the passage in which he orders the killing of the prisoners taken at Agincourt.
Service in Other Cities Nationally, 24 major cities are expected to have cellular service by the end of the year.
(Television - Channel 7, 9 P.M. Radio - WCBS 880, 9 P.M.) College: Notre Dame at Missouri.
The opening program, one of two she will present there, served up staples as well as newer pieces.
The presale estimate is up to $7,000.
Franco has been a great player and always put the team before himself.
The three participating donors have each contributed $100,000, with the Rockefeller Foundation adding an additional $25,000 earmarked for educational promotion or the preparing of audiences for the new works.
The Defense Department today selected Carnegie-Mellon University in Pittsburgh as the site for a $103 million Software Engineering Institute.
A tearful Mr. Hawke said at a news conference today: ''I hope that Mr. Peacock will recognize the enormity of the allegation that he's made against me, that I am a crook, that I associate with criminals, that I am directed by them.''
Of state gaming regulators, Mr. Tobman said: ''They refer to us as the mob.
''They're supposed to pick them up this week.''
The situation in New York City is the opposite: costs are high and so is demand in proportion to the number of cars available.
Short selling - a speculative technique that most people assiduously avoid - involves the sale of borrowed stock in hopes that the price will drop, thereby allowing the seller to repurchase the shares and realize a profit.
The ''Events'' that the Merce Cunningham Dance Company recently presented at the Joyce Theater were once again both satisfying and perplexing.
Snug Harbor is at 914 Richmond Terrace.
Carlos R. Edwards, the superintendent, credited ''hard work by teachers, parents and students.''
*Add cubed tomatoes and stir to blend.
PARADE TO SALUTE ISRAEL Israel's defense minister, Moshe Arens, is expected to join the 20th Salute to Israel Parade on Sunday, and so are Mayor Koch, representatives of schools and Jewish organizations, floats and bands - 50,000 marchers in all, some in colorful costumes, all celebrating Israel's 36th birthday.
Such clashes were endemic, for example, in Mr. Kennedy's drive for the Democratic nomination in 1980, and the early stages of President Reagan's campaign that year.
The bills are now close to the $30,000 ceiling in the husband's employee medical insurance policy, so he took a desperate gamble: He applied for Social Security disability benefits.
Mr. Wirthlin said he expected turnout to rise to 57 or 58 percent of the voting age population in November, up from the 54 percent who voted in 1980.
Fried chicken, all puffed and brittle outside and moist within, is an archetype for all would-be Southwesterners around town.
There are other questions, too.
These scores cannot help but be further enhanced by the next phase of the identity program, which will see that same red ribbon and logotype from the advertising show up on product packaging.
''The updating function of the computer program came to a near halt shortly after 9 P.M.'' Some computer ''pages'' of election information were destroyed because of the students' activities and other station personnel saw students leave with computer printouts.
''You want to understand what it is the company does,'' Mr. Hindelong declared.
''They said it had been observed unloading similar crates for Libya before proceeding to Nicaragua,'' the report said.
Recommended dishes: Sweet and sour shrimp soup; sliced beef with rice noodles soup; steamed shrimp with mint and red peppers in lemon juice; squid with mint, red peppers in lemon juice; p^ate imperiaux; salad of sliced beef with shallots; stuffed chicken wings; fish steamed in banana leaf; broiled whole fish.
Its orientalisms are less Chinese than faded chinoiserie - pentatonic flourishes that were already stale when Puccini used them in ''Madama Butterfly'' almost a century ago.
Therefore, the sharp 16 .
Castle & Cooke tumbled 2, to 9 5/8, following its loss of 2 5/8 points on Friday when it announced that it expects to report a $35 million pretax loss for the fiscal quarter ending Dec. 29.
The little explosion produces a noise called a ''knock,'' which wastes power and can damage the engine.
The major slowdown proposed by the House this year would save about $96 billion through 1987.
''The boys would eat 10 - each,'' she said.
A classic such as veal kidneys in a mustard sauce, can be served with buttered noodles and zucchini seasoned with tarragon and chives.
The Lockheed Corporation won a $101 million contract from the Air Force for C-130 aircraft modernization kits, the department said.
The squad took chemical samples from 15 company sites in Brooklyn and Queens last December, Mr. McGinley said, following a tip that some companies were illegally dumping toxic chemicals into the Fountain Avenue landfill in Brooklyn and sewers in the borough's Greenpoint section and into the Edgemere landfill in Queens.
Intended for children 12 and younger, who must be accompanied by adults (everyone is asked to come in costume), HallowArts costs $2 for everyone over 2.
The children at Camp Hidden Valley were putting on a talent show, but Soukeyna Richards could not start her song.
Reluctance of Agencies And as Mr. Della Femina's case illustrates, commercial agencies in recent years have shied away from taking on Presidential campaigns, which are exhausting, disruptive and threatening to regular clients, despite the big budgets they bring.
Robbie Winegard added 14 for Hofstra and Willie Brown and Jon Yarger had 13 each.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Mr. Harry said the 500-member Big Game Fishing Club of France had been sponsoring tuna tournaments in the Mediterranean and he and others - including Stephen Sloan - recently took part in the third international blue marlin tournament out of Abidjan on the Ivory Coast.
Currently, because of this country's graduated tax system, every 10 percent rise in aggregate prices and wages pushes taxpayers' Federal income tax up 17 percent.
The Colorado Senator spent 30 minutes this morning along the New Jersey shore aboard the Miss Belmar, a move to dramatize his concern about ocean pollution.
The first day on the set, Hepburn gave Fonda a gift - Spencer Tracy's favorite hat, which Fonda wore in the first scene.
Since the Moslem revolt in West Beirut on Feb. 6, President Gemayel has been considering opposition demands to scrap the accord, the sources said.
And if there were I wouldn't tell you.
Mr. Kostandov played a key role in purchases of Western chemical equipment.
Trend-Bucking Sales Rise Amid the West German economic gloom that saw industry sales drop 10.3 percent last year, setting most of the 400 or so machine tool companies awash in red ink, aggressive marketing and a sophisticated range of computer-controlled sheet-metal cutting machines helped Trumpf increase its sales by 5.3 percent.
Today his press secretary, Peter Teeley, said it was ''very much'' to Mr. Bush's advantage to be perceived in the public mind as a taxpayer fighting for his rights against the I.R.S.
What they need is more guidance.''
They are all staffed with advanced emergency medical technicians and are monitored on a continual basis by both the Police Department and the State Health Department.
Dan Maloney , the Toronto Maple Leafs' assistant coach for the last two years, was promoted to head coach yesterday, replacing Mike Nykoluk , who was dismissed April 2.
But who will presume to judge from Manhattan or Beverly Hills?
Treasury Secretary Donald T. Regan said no.
Great Water Resources is distinctive for more than its name.
My father eats the most.
Pakistan said the latest shellling, which occurred near the northern border town of Parachinar, was the fifth since last Monday.
Latin Jesuits 'Opened Our Eyes' Jesuits from Latin America provided the main incentive for this mission, Father Kolvenbach said.
But the legislation he signed in 1978 actually added to the number of special tax preferences in the code.
They include Dr. Gutierrez and the Rev.
What we need here are jobs.''
Pakistan and India have fought four wars, and mutual suspicion persists.
If you sign an agreement for six months you lose flexibility.''
''We're practicing the day after a game for the first time because some players didn't work hard,'' Firmani said outside his office after a brief chat inside with Giorgio Chinaglia, who made his home-game debut as president of the Cosmos.
For Janusz Glowacki, the last four tumultuous years have meant seeing his play ''Cinders'' performed first in his native country, then in London when he was a visiting playwright and most recently at the Public Theater in New York, where he now lives with his family.
But now I'm very pleased.''
Spotty Performance So Far Building relationships will come in handy if NBC decides to follow the example of ABC and CBS.
But maybe I'd have been more worried if my mom had said, 'O.K., Henry, go in there and get your head bashed in.'
Michel Goulet fed Stastny on the right side, and with Barrasso down, Stastny lifted the puck into the top corner.
Like many an immigrant group, the starling population started small.
And the foreign currency that petroleum brings remains a key to paying off Mexico's foreign debt, which is currently $96 billion.
Walton avoided public judgment on O'Brien and Pat Ryan, who will compete for the quarterback spot.
Mr. Thomsen was traveling yesterday and could not be reached for comment.
The best-known tenant of the Beaujolais gallery is Le Grand Vefour, which has been a restaurant in one form or another since 1785.
The justices, in a 3-to-2 decision published today in the Connecticut Law Journal, said if they were to decide the issue, they would be ruling on a legislative matter, violating the constitutional separation of powers.
''Most of my time at G.R.I.
''The students at this school are an impressive group of future leaders - articulate and motivated - and some of the most interesting people I have met,'' Dr. Van Amburg said.
Mr. Boland, in a brief interview, said he agreed on the need for closer oversight of the C.I.A.
''I have caused that family a great deal of grief and worry, and for that I am sorry,'' he said.
This, then, is a glimpse, necessarily simplified, at one of the more sophisticated facets of wine.
This latest zero-budget request is of a piece with Mr. Reagan's attempts, over four years, to appoint a board of hostile directors to the program.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
In addition, he founded his own school in Rochester: the Mount Hope School, a remedial school for students in the city's system.
Hackneyed play will produce only draws - and often not even that if it is the opponent who produces the unpleasant surprise.
For example, what does the Monroe Doctrine mean now?
A June wedding is planned.
In particular, if elected, Mondale promises to halt testing of space weapons and nuclear test explosions for six months in order to open the way for talks on freezing nuclear weapons.
The blaze broke out at 2 A.M. in the Prudential Insurance Company building on Halsey Street and raged for two hours before it was put out by 90 firefighters from 23 companies.
Mr. Shamir said he hoped none of the Likud partners would drop out.
''We pushed limits, and all of a sudden we got bottled,'' Miss Blumberg said, uncertain what the duo's next move would be.
They have treated hypertension, for example.
Justice Bruce Wright of State Supreme Court in Manhattan ruled last Monday that this distinction violated the equal-protection clause of the 14th Amendment to the United States Constitution.
In one of those quirks of casting-office fate, Mr. McKern quite simply is Rumpole down to the very last wheeze.
Traditionally the Legislature restores financing to some programs that have been cut by the Governor, but it is too early in the budget process to determine which programs will receive additional money.
The coaches have the opportunity here to learn new ways of teaching, new drills.
The Pentagon said Secretary of Defense Caspar W. Weinberger would have no comment because the issue was in the hands of a special panel that the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Gen. John W. Vessey Jr., is creating to study the issues.
Mr. Gerrity and Mr. Berrellez were both indicted in 1978 on perjury charges related to ITT's involvement in the presidential election in Chile in 1970.
There are two groups - one indoors, one outdoors; both voluntary, neither too serious.
In reality, the possibilities for change, which rest on the idea that Israel will negotiate away control of territory it considers its own, are regarded as slight.
His fast-paced campaign has gathered strength as Mr. Jackson proved himself to voters who were at first unsure and wary of him, said his deputy campaign manager, Preston Love.
But on Thursday, Mr. Kaplan, a philanthropist and longtime supporter of liberal causes, won a temporary restraining order after arguing that telephone meetings are illegal under the co-op bylaws.
The soldiers, who appeared to be in good condition, were turned over to International Red Cross and Roman Catholic Church officials.
All he needs is a client.
It said it based its view on an opinion from its financial adviser, the First Boston Corporation.
Vice President Bush, in a week of campaign appearances stressing his military record, participated in a dedication ceremony today at the Jewish War Veterans' new building here and pledged vigorous support for Israel.
But many wonder whether this style of governing - closely related to Philippine culture, in which personal allegiances are far more important than issues or ideals - will adopt needed reforms fast enough to keep the small, but growing, Communist insurgency under control.
In the town of Most, a church has twice been moved so that veins of coal could be dug from under it.
The winners among the top 10 were two Los Angeles-based companies, First Interstate, which moved up a rank, to No.
The recorded sound is, however, not state of the art; it is low-level and a bit thick.
''You gave me one ghost a few years ago,'' Lendl said, harking back to the days before he won his only major title.
Everything is raw material for history, but history is what historians have the vision to find, or what they chose to do; so there are only partial histories.
This is like that of a horse's normal walk but the latter is much slower and there is no time when there are less than two or three feet on the ground.
The failure to reopen the rink, which was supposed to close for only one season, has been a disappointment to skaters who enjoyed sailing across the ice with the Manhattan skyline as a backdrop.
Dwayne Williams, a Bell test pilot, said in a telephone interview recently that the Army's confirmation of the reporting ''got me between a rock and a hard place.''
According to senior officials in the Department of Investigation, background checks have found many applicants with criminal records, unpaid taxes and parking fines, falsified educational credentials and financial irregularities.
On this occasion, the volume of Maryanne Amacher's sound score - which is barely audible in most instances anyway - was kept so low that the dancers danced, in effect, as if to silence.
They also sought an injunction against two conservative groups, the National Conservative Political Action Committee, known as NCPAC, and the Fund for a Conservative Majority.
At 74A East Fourth Street.
Such obstacles to the project as inflation, regulatory changes and strenuous environmental opposition all cropped up during the course of construction.
But Mr. Coney's brightly confident sentences keep marching across the page, and before long I was under the spell.
And it helps to be short and light.''
Mrs. Ridings said the debate format might have to be altered to accommodate a three-member panel.
But most of the time, Miss Churchill focuses on the quotidian rituals of work and family - and it's these fiercely etched passages that are the most haunting.
The start was good on a sweltering afternoon that had patrons scurrying for shade but apparently did not bother the Belmont horses.
In Washington, a State Department spokesman said there would be no immediate comment on the Australian announcement.
But Mr. Sherman emphasized that the hedging vehicle depends on the price differences between the short- term instruments.
Astronomers have had difficulty determining the nature of the engine at work there and in the cores of other galaxies scattered throughout the universe.
Mr. Jordan directed his harshest criticism at the Justice Department, contending that it had been ''a prime predator'' that had ''worked overtime to drill holes in the legal safety net of civil rights.''
Or, the Cowboys could win the title by defeating Washington and losing to Miami if Washington defeats St. Louis next Sunday and the Giants lose today and next week against the New Orleans Saints.
James E. Foels athletic director, replacing the retiring Capt.
The average difference between the rates charged for fixed and adjustable mortgage in the country as a whole has been declining since June, but it still is more than two percentage points.
So this morning a surveying team will be out on the Mall to begin affixing two one-inch round stainless steel benchmarks on the northeast and southwest corners of the monument itself.
ROSEANN PONTELLO LAMANNA, Manhasset Have you any idea what it's like to be the only one in your neighborhood without a skylight?
The host is required to arrest his guest (without the training and legal position of a police officer) because the guest might commit a crime.
''For the private sector to produce, it needs economic stability, and this is what we are seeking,'' he said.
David B. Shakarian, founder of General Nutrition Centers, a major health food company, died of cancer Tuesday at his home downtown.
The remainder of the cassette is shots of the band setting up and a few irrelevant hippies-vs.-straights confrontations.
The campaign message is getting out.
Letters sent to Italian news organizations purporting to come from Red Brigades guerrillas today threatened the life of another United States diplomat in the aftermath of last week's killing of Leamon R. Hunt, director general of the multinational force in Egypt's Sinai Peninsula.
El Salvador's military is short of some types of ammunition and communications equipment, but the shortages are no immediate threat to the March 25 presidential election, according to the chief of staff of the armed forces.
The senior Luus do not speak English and cannot find jobs - at least none that their children will allow them to accept.
Miss Bellin, who appeared with Robert Duvall in the film ''Tomorrow,'' is also the wife of Paul Roebling, who is directing the play.
Visitors did well in individual events.
''He did a good job organizing street rallies and took on the task of eliminating people.''
People outside tried to slow the suspect's progress, and at 77th Street, a wall of pedestrians forced him to turn around, said Assemblyman Mark Alan Siegel, who had been waiting outside for his wife to finish shopping.
In addition to these design contracts, Bechtel, a private corporation whose annual revenues exceed $10 billion, served as an adviser to the Korean electric company to evaluate equipment bidders for some of the nuclear plant competition, according to American officials.
Whole generations of American university students were reared under the aegis of these outsiders' ideas and formulations.
But to do so, they have to play better against the Buccaneers than they did against the Packers last Sunday, when they lost by 31-6.
Ann Post, president of the Bloomfield Education Association, the local affiliate of the N.J.E.A., said that the association's council had voted overwhelmingly to withdraw its application in early December, in part because of the N.J.E.A.
It contains occasional strong language.
Achraf Rifi, spokesman for the newly created buffer force.
Add onion, garlic, thyme and bay leaf.
He means that since she is on call that day she should be first through every door, first to lay hands on every patient.
''That was an example of being in the right stock at the right time, but I simply became impatient.''
Democrat leading for Presidential nominee in the early surveys of party officials will be (a) Gary Hart; (b) Ted Kennedy; (c) Mario Cuomo; (d) Joseph Biden; (e) Bill Bradley.
In contrast to the elderly bishop of Matagalpa, who rarely left the provincial capital, and to the majority of Nicaraguan prelates, Obando rode oxcarts and pack animals through the alternately muddy and dusty back country to counsel the faithful in remote parishes.
You can't have spent 12 years at Marlboro, as I did, and not be affected by these people.
The authorities said that arrangements were being made for the surrender of Mr. Duque and the other defendants, all of whom were believed to be in the United States.
Separated in age, they may be joined by geography.
Lietzke, however, played the last round in 72, Sutton in 70.
Do they all produce honors students?)
He took Gen. Charles De Gaulle's measure early.
The 105 faculty members at Ridgewood High average 19 years of teaching experience.
''When I first heard it was for eight weeks, I almost went crazy,'' he said.
According to Miss Hadley, the program contains aerobics, stretching and isometric and relaxation techniques accompanied by music and is safe and effective for people of any age or size.
French and Creole cuisine; try the grilled or boiled red snapper (or ask Hortense for help).
His first duty will be to work out an agreement with the International Monetary Fund on continuation of an austerity program.
In the tiebreaker, with the score knotted at 5-5 and Lendl serving, his best shot failed him and he netted a forehand from the baseline.
According to another member of the class, Charles Wilfong, ''Once a member of a class at Lawrenceville, you're always a member,'' even if you were expelled.
GARY L. MCDOWELL Carlisle, Pa., March 27, 1984 The writer, assistant professor of political science at Tulane University's Newcomb College, is also codirector of the Center for the Study of the Constitution in Carlisle.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
According to an estimate by CBS, the amount of promotional time devoted to ''Call to Glory'' was greater than the amount of time purchased by Coca-Cola, ABC's largest Olympics advertiser, which paid an estimated $35 million for its advertising time.
''A right-handed pitcher has a better shot of slowing down Garvey than Gwynn.''
They later talked with a leader of the association of truck owner-operators that organized the protest, but a call by the truckers' representative at midday for the blockades to be lifted in some areas was largely disregarded.
In 70 percent of his properties, he said, the nvestors have alrready recouped their intitial outlay.
- The use of combinations of drugs, each of which attacks the cancer in one of a number of ways but has a different toxic effect on normal cells.
The rule had been set to go into effect at the end of next year.
Back in 1970, when the magazine arbiter failed even to mention West's among also-rans for the city's best, a patron protested.
4 in D for violin, with Mr. Schunk virtuosically devoting himself to crisp solo lines and letting the players fend more for themselves, but the performance had its enchantments.
Sluby missed only one of his eight shots in the first half, but failed on all four shots after intermission.
Both sides are watching the districts of Representatives Edward R. Roybal, Matthew G. Martinez and Esteban Edward Torres, all Democrats, as important indicators of the Hispanic vote.
Kimberly Jean Clapp, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Arthur R. Clapp of New Providence, N.J., was married yesterday to John Francis Connolly Jr., a son of Mr. and Mrs. Connolly of Spring Lake, N.J.
Wood, 44, of West Haven, guilty but not criminally responsible on one other count of murder.
The police have told Israeli reporters that they believe the four may have been involved in other incidents, including the planting of booby-trapped hand grenades at the entrances of churches, mosques and Arab homes, and in burning Arab-owned cars.
Also, projects have often been set back when the Nuclear Regulatory Commission instituted new design requirements - tougher earthquake protection, for example - after construction was well under way.
Officials say that, in most instances, the evidence of Soviet involvement is circumstantial, although several defectors from the Eastern bloc have identified particular forgeries as having been sent from the Soviet Union.
Wall Street analysts continued to point to lower inflation rates and an improved employment picture as the main reasons for the sales gains.
In fact, it is something of a piffle.
The six-month-old civilian Government of President Raul Alfonsin sent a letter describing its unilateral program to the fund's managing director, Jacques de Larosi ere, after it had been unable to reach an agreement with I.M.F.
Needless to say, it's one of the 10,000 aphrodisiacs recognized by the Chinese.''
C. W. McMillan, an Assistant Secretary of Agriculture, said the proposed kiwi order was consistent with economic policy.
But don't count on it.
Nine Federal track inspectors began a two-week inspection yesterday of more than 100 miles of New York City subway track.
We came together in a ''national crusade to make America great again,'' and to make ''a new beginning.''
The diplomat noted Mr. Deng could only be removed from the Secretariat at a full session of the Central Committee, which is not expected to convene again until next autumn.
The often-debilitating disorder is characterized by incomplete development of the spinal cord.
Sidney Sigel, president of Sigel Liquor Stores, a 12-store chain in Dallas, said growth had slowed at his company.
One reason for the Government's continuing support for indirect election is the widespread belief in political circles here that, in the midst of the country's worst economic crisis in memory, an opposition candidate would be a strong favorite to win a direct vote for President.
Mr. Manning said Ambassador Dobrynin ''encouraged the project.''
The opening session of the American Magazine Conference this morning was highlighted by an unusually statesmanlike message from the president of the Magazine Publishers Association and an examination of a different philosophy of growth by a young publisher.
While Dwight Gooden was pitching his magnificent one-hitter against the Cubs Friday night, Foster applied the crushing blow of the evening, a three- run homer in the third after Dick Ruthven had intentionally walked Darryl Strawberry.
Mr. Hill said there were some indications from the Federal Nuclear Regulatory Commission of another problem facing the reactor.
'In Your Own Backyard' ''Lebanon was too far from home, but this is like someone fighting in your own backyard,'' said Eliseo Cotto Jr., who sells plumbing supplies.
We all depend absolutely on Goskontsert, so we do what we can to have good relations with them.''
In 1964 the international association conducted the First International Mathematics Study in 12 countries, including the United States.
Madden twice asked, after Hayes ran for the first down.
The hospitals say they do not have enough money for a larger settlement.
It was not Mr. Petro's doing, the lawyer argued, that Mr. Schulman warned Mr. Moss.
On the bandstand, where musicians performed, was scrawled: STOP GENTRIFICATION.
At every opportunity, at news conferences and before Parliament, Mr. Alfonsin emphasized his people's hope for democracy and the need to give it breathing space by relaxing the pressures of the debt and ridding Latin America of superpower rivalry.
I think they do the most innovative and exciting work in town, and I think Carole Rothman is an inspired director.
Bond prices opened the week sharply lower in relatively light trading in the credit markets yesterday.
Two Undercover Operations The indictment focused on the group named for Joseph Colombo, who was a major crime boss until he was seriously wounded in a 1971 shooting.
*Add the chopped garlic clove and let sizzle for a moment, watching carefully that it doesn't burn.
There have been 10 lineup changes, and the quarterback will be Craig Penrose or a newcomer, Bob Gagliano, who played briefly with the Kansas City Chiefs.
''It sounds unique to me,'' said Anne F. Morris, executive director of the Mendham-based Association of New Jersey Environmental Commissions.
The bonds, which are guaranteed by Dade Savings, are also backed by Government National Mortgage Association mortgage pass-through certificates.
Bridgeman said the Bucks' strategy was to concentrate on King.
Indeed, Mr. Truman's speeches 36 years and one day ago through the same route Mr. Reagan took today were filled with attacks on Republicans for cutting Social Security benefits and pushing through ''a rich man's tax bill.''
Mrs. Englebardt is an associate with Corporate Art Directions Inc., an art consulting concern in New York.
My daughter, now 18, works the telephone from a bedroom so smokefilled it would cause paroxysms of coughing among Harding's Ohio gang, but I do not seek legislative relief - so long as she refrains from smoking or carrying a lighted cigarette in the den, dining room, or in the aisles or lavatories.
After his leadoff single, Sandberg stole second and advanced to third when Gary Matthews flied to right.
The scientists warn people not to look upward with the naked eye or telescope; it's potentially dangerous.
A poor man's maharajah, Dharam Dass Shastri, Member of Parliament, was holding court on the sprawling lawn of his official villa.
Roger Meade, an attorney for the defendants, said: ''I have not seen any lawsuit and would vehemently deny that the company has engaged in any illegal conduct.
It also perched Richard Montgomery's car on top of a concrete wall, drove a wooden pole into the transmission and deposited a toaster in the back seat.
Donald L. Bren, a land developer who is the principal owner of the Irvine Company, has increased his holdings in the International Paper Company to just under 5 percent.
And what about the cost of continuing the massive, indiscriminate use of pesticides?
''I don't look at the crowd,'' he said.
The students will become more integrated into the business function.''
At a time when worthy plays are so rare, the promising ones must be nurtured to fruition with all the care possible, not left in limbo after an initial unveiling.
The 300,000-member American Postal Workers Union, in a convention here, authorized their executive board to take ''whatever steps'' were necessary to achieve a satisfactory contract.
''These continuing problems underscore the need to cut the budget deficit to reduce interest rates further to lower the dollar,'' Mr. Baldrige said.
The son and father of U.A.W.
But they added that Iraqi soldiers had destroyed or repelled the first attackers.
In a letter appearing today in The New York Times, Senator Jake Garn, Republican of Utah, makes the dubious argument that it would.
Jan Peerce, Marian Anderson, Andres Segovia Kultur 60 minutes.
Called ''Chinese Diaspora,'' this series about Chinese emigration is presented by Asian CineVision, a nonprofit group that seeks to build a bridge between Asian communities and the United States public.
Inc., which manufactures sport sclothes.
Located at Meadows Center, a complex of offices, lodgings and shrines in a Southern state not unlike Florida, the church was founded by a sincere and charismatic preacher called Matthew Meadows (now senile and propped up for appearance's sake).
Jesse Jackson and Mr. Mondale's son, William, appeared at the caucusg to plead for support.
Longshots Don't Lose All Failure to win the prized marginal designation does not shut off union money.
''I simply did not want to go back.
''Throughout the morning of Saturday, May 1, the Conqueror monitored the Belgrano refueling at sea,'' Mr. Dalyell said.
Rick Wyck on the other hand is a thick wimp, no more than angelic blond hair and a heartthrob upper body, both noted repeatedly throughout the book.
''We really had a great game.''
-In a letter to Congress Aug. 30, 1983.
The water is the basic science, which supplies the foundation for everything else.''
Found in Archives Sam Marks, who discovered the 98- page mimeographed novel in the M-G-M archives, said yesterday that Mr. Greene apparently was hired by M-G-M for 15 weeks at $1,000 a week.
He said fund-raising had been ''terrific'' since the New Hampshire victory, but doubted that Mr. Hart could raise enough to reach the spending limit.
The university's position is that the matter is closed and there is no need to rehash it.
'We Don't Quibble' Informants, who are often themselves involved in crimes - one Houston informant was reported to have collected $12,000 to $15,000 turning in criminal associates - are given an identification number to protect their anonymity.
And every fall a new disappointment developed because of ''bad luck'' or ''weakness'' in key areas.
He was 55 years old and lived in Ithaca.
He says repeatedly that he would not accept an offer to run for Vice President.
Military analysts say they believe the Soviet high command considers its present quantitative superiority in men, tanks, guns and planes - plus chemical warfare resources - to be sufficient for a victory in Western Europe using conventional forces alone.
Major Proponent ''Every time I get into the traffic out here, I wonder if we're doing the right thing,'' joked Earl Wantland, president and chief executive of Tektronix Inc., by far Oregon's largest high-tech company.
They have absolutely no interest in anything we have to say.
The Redmen are a hard- working, scrappy team, Carnesecca said, but one player short of having to be reckoned with nationally and in the Big East.
Mr. Levin tried to get his superiors in H.R.A.
Referring to the back taxes he paid in June, Mr. Bush said: ''This residence thing for Barbara and me, that's a lot of money.
Even the City Is Selling Joske's also set up Republican boutiques in several of its department stores, selling stuffed elephants, T-shirts, ties and other paraphernalia.
IN THE SHADOW OF FDR: From Harry Truman to Ronald Reagan, by William E. Leuchtenburg.
Government's Position Indian officials say they have accepted many of the party's demands, including all those concerning religious rights, and have offered to have the others arbitrated.
16 Games, 16 Home Runs The home run was the 16th thrown by the Mets in 16 games, and the fifth of the season hit by Wallach, who has driven in 17 runs in 17 games.
Mr. Imlay said Peachtree had been badly hurt when computer manufacturers stopped packaging Peachtree software with the computers.
According to Mrs. McDevitt, the house market in Franklin Township has been fueled by employers like the American Telephone and Telegraph Company, which has expanded operations here over the last 10 years.
It continues in adulthood when lawyers are told that if they do not become a partner by age 40, they probably never will, and into middle age, when the desire to appear young may lead to plastic surgery whether warranted or not, and finally into the 60's, when pressure for retirement intensifies.
The only area that has eluded improvement, said Keith Bolte, Intel's corporate manager of productivity methods and measurement, is computer programming: ''They have tried to be helpful, but we have just run into a brick wall.''
East and West were naturally unhappy, and South tactfully refrained from adding to their gloom by pointing out that six hearts was unbeatable with North on lead.
Guerrillas of the South-West Africa People's Organization have been fighting South African control for 17 years.
The Pepsi-Cola Company also had a communication problem in an advertisement in a Japanese edition of Readers' Digest when it advertised that Pepsi ''brings your ancestors back from the grave.''
In most cases the E.P.A.
Will Selena find another snake in the bathroom?
A surge in private school enrollment in the 1980's was reported by the Federal Education Department.
Mr. O'Neill has endured, like Speaker Rayburn before him, because he knows the Government of the Republic has to go on, and cannot do so without compromise within the parties, between the parties and between the President and Congress.
The Islanders took a two-game edge that night with a 6-3 victory, with Smith making 30 more stops.
And the young man finds his father in a place of terror from which they escape in a bright red car with blue wings painted on the hood (cars are real characters in this novel; they reveal a lot about the souls of people), taking a journey to understanding that puts one in mind of the lines of the poet John Wieners: ''The beauty of men never dies / It drives a blue car through the stars.''
The Flyers outshot New Jersey, 20- 5, in the first period and at one point had a 19-1 edge.
PORT CHESTER ''W HAT a bore!''
Readers learn what the thin black slabs that triggered most of the action in ''2001'' are up to and our reviewer, Gerald Jonas, said the revelation ''involves some splendid science-fiction conceits.''
To the Editor: Your Aug. 30 news article ''U.S.
It is the dining chairs that are the thing here, the most unusual element in the collection and the one by which the Venturi furniture will be known.
The increase was in line with forecasts, and leaves the M-1 money supply measure $2.6 billion below the top of its 4 percent to 8 percent growth target.
In that environment, it becomes difficult to win widespread support for large reductions in civilian programs, and the budget impasse continues.
Kenichi Saito, director of research in Japan for McKinsey & Company, said he expects Hitachi to emerge from the I.B.M.
In the last decade nearly one million square feet of office space has been built there.
''It is a mechanism through which feelings can be expressed,'' said Harry Grier, a former board member, ''and it lessens the hostility from those who would otherwise feel powerless.''
The company's commercial paper remains Prime-1.
Asked if a customer who closes an account because of the changes in the agreement would receive a prorated refund of the annual fee, Mr. Field said, ''The fee is nonrefundable.''
57 to 42 Percent for Reagan A majority of American women, 57 to 42 percent, preferred President Reagan to Walter F. Mondale, the Democratic nominee.
The Salant Corporation, an apparel maker, said its board was expected to suspend the company's quarterly dividend of 10 cents a share.
''It's been a topic of conversation.''
''It makes one wonder whether the Almighty doesn't fear someday being upstaged by the unfettered gestures and resonant tones of Dame Judith Anderson,'' Mrs. Hart said.
For years, the image the United States sought to portray abroad was that of an open society in contrast to the closed nature of Communist countries.
The site is the Kurzweil Recital Hall of Queensborough Community College, 56th Avenue and Springfield Boulevard in Bayside (Exit 29 on the Long Island Expressway).
''We took elements from science-fiction films, but we wanted to go beyond the genre,'' said Barry Opper, the producer of ''Android.''
The airline charges regular coach prices, but offers better seating room and gourmet snacks.
Messy Public Argument Ironically, it was a messy public argument with three of the departed executives that galvanized the board into action, local bankers say.
Yet she admits she still sometimes wonders if the joke is on her.
Mr. Navasky said: ''A nation's heroes are supposed to embody values that will educate the next generation.
Moreover, Dr. Coles asserted that there was an important difference between saying children are afraid of nuclear war and showing that this anxiety has an actual effect on their lives.
Europe hadn't gone into furniture outlets or discount stores or cash-and-carry emporiums, either.
They will be built in clusters of no more than four, and for optimum privacy, they have been designed so that the entrances will be angled away from one another and the rear decks separated by screen partitions.
The governing Likud bloc, trailing badly in the polls with three days to go before the elections, has begun an all-out effort to woo Israeli voters by emphasizing that it will try to form a national unity government if re-elected.
Jewish voters account for about a third of the statewide vote in a Democratic primary.
Then you pour some fresh lime juice into the cavity.
Some analysts said the yield on city bonds showed that investors are increasingly confident about the city's financial future.
Frederick (Toots) Hibbert has been through the history of reggae from its early days as ''bluebeat'' - a cousin of American rhythm-and-blues - through the bouncy rhythms of ska to the more leisurely reggae beat.
Defense Secretary Caspar W. Weinberger, concerned with longstanding problems in Greek-NATO relations and the status of American military bases in Greece, met with senior Greek military officials today.
He was an insurance salesman during the Depression.
A raised foot here or a lowered head there, were all related to Mr. Przystansky by specific written directions.
The Pravda commentary on the prospective space talks in Vienna said, ''Washington pretends that it does not understand what is being offered.''
''One month of data,'' Robert A. Gough cautioned last week, ''doesn't make a trend.''
Other winners in voting by members of the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences included Culture Club with Boy George as best new artist, Pat Benatar for ''Love is a Battlefield'' as best female rock vocal performance and George Benson for ''Being With You'' as best pop instrumental performance.
''Seems to fit you all right,'' he declared.
No tickets are required, but bring a chair or blanket for more comfortable seating.
He must know that, so I suspect his motive in writing ''New York Needs the Death Penalty'' is the now-familiar one of self-advertisement.
He called it ''an unhealthy road for the Republicans to travel.''
'The Transition in Moscow' ''Instead of looking like he's intransigent, Reagan can say that the problem is the transition in Moscow,'' said a State Department official.
Mr. Bretz said that he expected inventory building in both steel and coal to accelerate in the next several months.
''How can I take a full-time training course lasting five days?''
Leading the Husky linebackers are Joe Kelly and Tim Meamber, who between them have accounted for 119 unassisted tackles, 8 interceptions, 4 sacks and 3 fumble recoveries.
Between April 27 and Oct. 1, he said, 39 of these individuals had been identified when they were stopped by police officers on 88 different occasions.
And out of all this at the end of the book, in an unexpected and trying confrontation, George feels that he now understands caris or selfless love.
Because measures to ban their sale have been stalled in Congress for nearly two years while the Reagan Administration claims to be learning how precisely to define them in law.
Six infants in New York have contracted aquired immune deficiency syndrome from their healthy mothers, supporting the theory that the disease can exist in a remissive state that can become deadly when passed on to infants, researchers said today.
In 1979 it first planned to put the center on top of the West Side Airlines Terminal at 42d Street and 10th Avenue, but the deal fell through.
Canada has three main worries.
The ruling examined requirements imposed by the New York State Thruway Authority; the Vermont Agency of Transportation; the Michigan State Fire Safety Board and State Department of Public Health; the Bridge and Port Authority of Ogdensburg, N.Y., and adjacent St. Lawrence County, N.Y.; the Thousand Islands Bridge Authority, and adjacent Jefferson County, N.Y.
But the huge size of the Carnation deal has raised some doubts.
Reports of the latest air strike came amid repeated speculation here in the Persian Gulf area that Iran might be about to launch a new ground offensive against Iraq during Ramadan, the Moslem holy month of prayer and fasting from dawn to dusk.
The Treasurer of the United States, Katherine Davalos Ortega, is throwing, quite literally, a bash.
The Court of Appeals noted that the statute, enacted in 1970, had twice been amended to afford greater protections to the press but that lower courts had persisted in construing it too narrowly.
Mr. Gemayel also faces this gridlock: He says he cannot get the necessary participation in a representative government by Shiite and Druse leaders unless he accepts their insistence on abrogating the agreement providing for Israeli withdrawal from Lebanon; both the U.S. and Israel oppose abrogation of what, after all, is the only semblance of diplomatic accomplishment since the Israeli invasion of 1982; yet the agreement can have no effect until Syria also agrees to withdraw - which Syria refuses to do before the Israeli withdrawal agreement is canceled.
When he was asked if yesterday's round had been the best of his career, considering the occasion and the course, he smiled.
The President said he would continue working as usual.
Liut left late in the first period with back spasms, and the Islanders took advantage of his absence in the second.
Wallpaper blooming with flowers implied a traditional approach, bare windows and gray-industrial- carpeted floors were synonymous with minimalism, and the all- white walls of many contemporary rooms forfeited surprise but spoke clearly of tastefulness and understatement.
The changes, if approved by the State Public Service Commission, would take effect late in 1985.
The easy informality of the Prom Concerts is the right ambiance for these works.
The new bonds are backed by airport revenues, not the city of Houston, and are subordinate to the future issues of senior revenue bonds the airport is expected to sell.
The troupe itself is a class, and uses a double-class period, followed by lunch travel time.
Assuming that President Reagan now shares this second view, he has still to prove that he can impose it on a bitterly divided Administration.
Earlier this week, the Civil Guard said guerrillas had hanged a mayor and shot a lieutenant governor.
Since Tuesday morning, more than seven inches of rain has been recorded here and there have been widespread power failures.
Based on public affairs experience in Vietnam, there were many cases where such employees proved entirely reliable; however, some did not.
Walter F. Mondale's campaign for the Democratic Presidential nomination has a large and sophisticated computer operation.
He also noted that there were a number of sometimes conflicting forces at work.
But Miss Dupuy was a woman possessed, both by the goal and by her own ferocious determination, and she was not about to give up.
The program began with Mozart's Divertimento No.
Iran said Iraq had stepped up its shelling of the Iranian Gulf ports of Khorramshahr and Abadan today, destroying three schools and a hospital as well as mosques and houses.
A subCabinet Trade Policy Review Group has recommended overwhelmingly that President Reagan reject a plea for import protection brought by domestic copper producers, according to a senior trade official.
Beatrice is tough, acerbic, fighting the woman's corner very hard, teaching values to the men - a seasoned warrior.
''Joe was making a statement about Federal funding for abortion.
Perhaps the most negative comment came from Daniel Ortega Saavedra, the coordinator of Nicaragua's junta, who has claimed victory in his own country's presidential election last Sunday.
At its grand opening Jan. 14, the store said it had 4,000 customers.
''Sometimes,'' said Ballesteros, ''I think the only way the Spanish people will recognize me is if I win the Grand Slam and then drop dead on the 18th green.''
The current Pioneers have improved even upon the play of last season's team, which won 22 games, captured the Big Apple regular-season and tournament championships and then went on to the East Regionals.
I had been to Chandni Chowk, the bazaar quarter of the Old City of Delhi, dozens of times.
The union has insisted that its members be assured of job protection and an opportunity to move to higher positions on the basis of seniority.
''To placate the Congress, we gave Congress the right to declare war,'' the Senator continued.
Mr. Berls said $3.6 million had been spent for lawyers so far, with the money coming from a reserve fund.
Her father is a surgeon at the Morristown (N.J.) Memorial Hospital.
Reacting favorably to a smaller- than-expected rise in the money supply and lower interest rates, the stock market finished the week higher.
In the Vermont Republican gubernatorial primary, Attorney General John Easton, who authorized a controversial raid on a church sect in June, defeated Hilton Wick, a banker, for a chance to succeed Gov.
Before Mr. Aquino was shot to death at the Manila airport on Aug. 21, 1983, Mr. Marcos, who became President in 1965, was viewed by American policymakers as a fixture.
Mr. Rodino said he had heard from ''an impressive number'' of lawmakers who liked some features of the original bill and disliked others, but believed there was ''no reason to support it'' if it included a temporary worker program.
The Mini-Bravettes did all they could to make their rivals' lives difficult.
No one can remember a fine actually being levied on a Salvadoran who did not vote.
After a stint at the Allstate Insurance Company, where he worked in finance and sales, Mr. Twill began his career on Wall Street in 1970, when he joined Shearson Loeb Rhodes, a brokerage house that is now Shearson Lehman/American Express.
About 70 percent of laid-off workers can expect to lose their health insurance within two years of losing a job, according to a study by researchers at the University of Michigan.
Except in bad weather or when there are islands, it swiftly becomes a mere backdrop.
Sometimes the decision to start a family is initially made reluctantly.
As a player and later as a coach, he always sought a challenge.
Besides being unfair and distortionary, relative to the taxation of the rest of the economy, these tax preferences create distortions within the financial sector that are inconsistent with the Administration's efforts to deregulate financial markets.
''All of us agree that the strategy of the Jackson campaign has changed,'' Mr. Williams said.
The item was almost deleted in a House-Senate conference Thursday night.
These statistics were dismal news to the OSTAR competitors, for whom no amount of experience can prepare an individual for the nightmare of ice at sea.
The new converter, used not just in California cars but across the line, has a higher stall speed.
The archdiocese has about $60 million in contracts with the city to provide such services as caring for disabled and emotionally disturbed children and those from broken homes.
But continued efforts to open it would lead only to months or even years of uncertainty as opponents of the plant, including the Governor, battled the company, Mr. Cuomo said.
The abductor was believed to have tried unsucessfully to seize a 15-year- old girl and a 32-year-old woman earlier that day.
Such a response might be a defensive reaction to some less-than-kind notices Miss Berridge received for her performance in the film.
The tone of the evening, therefore, was pervasively gray, relieved only somewhat at the end by the uplifting mood of eternal peace that Mr. Shaw and his chorus achieved in ''Blessed are the dead.''
When asked to put on some kind of a performance at the first class, Ah Ying sings ''Time in a Bottle'' in English and impresses everyone.
I have great admiration for women.
Now I'm outraged at Reagan.''
Consequences of Pullout Congressional delegations and staff delegations have visited the Middle East in recent weeks and have heard - in stark and explicit terms - what all our friends in the area think will be the consequences if we desert Lebanon.
''The point is that once a person is employed, school boards and principals should have to document their case against the person.''
One is his return, again and again, to certain central themes: men's-wear dressing; the 20th-century modern artist's color palette; the exotica of certain periods of past fashion; the allure of some ethnic costumes.
Donald C. Clark, chairman, said that the stock ''is designed to protect against a third party seeking to take advantage of short- term market conditions and speculation.''
The 1982 net income included losses from devaluation of the Mexican peso totaling $1.7 million, or 30 cents a share, after taxes, and a provision for plant closing and relocation costs of $870,000, or 15 cents a share, after taxes, which occurred in the fourth quarter.
The same people who actually come in over and over again, whether it's an issue of agricultural policy or a discussion about monetary policy, maybe a dozen people.
''Losing is unacceptable,'' Trump has said loudly and publicly.
The diplomats reportedly argued that the Sandinistas could re-establish the centers if they did not think the American response satisfactory.
Colleagues described Mr. Akers as warm and eloquent in selling but a fighter in garnering market share.
Under Federal law, all three groups are assumed to be unable to pay for hospital and nursing home care.
The cost of construction and materials was $250.
Today there are 128 landfills, both publicly and privately owned.
Mr. Kaufmann was later elected to fill Mayor Becker's unexpired term and in 1945 he won election to a four-year term.
Hours : 9 A.M to 5 P.M. daily.
We shall deal with these questions in the next column.
According to officials of the Gunn administration, about 11,400 tons, or 58 miles, of track should be replaced annually - a quantity that was last met in 1975.
The Baron turns for help to Dr. William Sloane (David Ogden Stiers), a professor of classics at Princeton.
He said the question should actually be worded ''the other way around: how can Christian people as accomplices of crimes justify theologically their nonaction?''
Federated Department Stores Inc., the nation's largest department store operator, reported earnings of $172.7 million, or $3.55 a share, in the quarter ended Jan. 28.
Sales of new single-family homes were put at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 630,000 units in July, matching the level reached in June.
''If we do find a political equation to reduce deficits,'' he said, ''the financial markets and the economy will respond with both lower interest rates and continued growth.
Deak & Company filed earlier this month to reorganize under the United States bankruptcy laws.
Boscobel is on Route 9D, north of the Bear Mountain Bridge.
But after the first year, marketing costs for textbooks are virtually nil, unlike trade books.
''It took a little bit of skill,'' Bruce Hanna admitted yesterday while taking a minute off from his work as a data systems consultant with Northern States Power Company in Minneapolis.
Unlike England, the United States has a tradition of mixed choirs dating to Colonial days.
In the end, even if one would not want to have lived Stephen's mental life, it is a wonderful one to be led through by a man of such bubbling curiosity as Lord Annan.
Survival is more the order, and it is a daily affair.
It was, in fact, designed for a patrician, Johan Maurits, an impoverished scion of the house of Orange, who was a professional soldier before becoming governor of Dutch Brazil.
Blaming ''severely depressed economic conditions,'' as well as sharply lower exchange rates, the company said soft drink sales in Latin America declined 8 percent for the full year and 12 percent in the fourth quarter.
Its involvement is part of a growing trend toward sponsorship of art exhibitions in Britain by United States- based multinational corporations; of the two shows now at the Royal Academy of Arts, one was underwritten by American Express and the other by Mobil Oil.
We spend more time at supper.
The Steelers play the Raiders in Los Angeles next week and the Bengals are hosts to the Bills.
These days, liberated or not, woman and man, thy names are vanity.
There are two parts to the work, separated by about 12 feet.
A spokesman for Disney Productions said that the company did not have any comment on the Reliance action.
The interiors will feature at least two cathedral ceilings, master bathrooms done in marble and large expanses of glass.
''We felt our ability to meet the water standards was marginal,'' Mr. Cunningham said.
By then, the Mets had a six-run inning and a 7-0 lead.
An Independent Freeze The United States has not made any new chemicals since imposing an independent freeze in 1969.
My church covers the whole of Ireland; its headquarters are in Dublin, but the majority of its members live in the north of the country.
The Universities of Oklahoma and Georgia challenged the arrangement, contending that they and other colleges with major football programs could negotiate better television deals without the N.C.A.A.
In high school, Fritz used athletics as a passport to popularity.
''The next couple of months are going to be stronger than most people expect.''
It was a dry hole, and the church went back to farming until the following year when the Ceja Corporation of Tulsa offered to lease the property for oil rights.
Tewksbury $160,000 *2*Beavers Road, 4-bedroom, 2-bath, *2*100-year-old farmhouse; barn, chicken coop, *2*barnyard, 2.4 acres; taxes $2,624.
But her real name was more impressive - Ada Beatrice Queen Victoria Louise Virginia Smith.
According to Joel J. Rhodes, a longtime West Side real-estate agent, commercial rents on Amsterdam are averaging $45 a square foot, compared to $60 a square foot on Broadway and $100 a square foot on Columbus.
YOUR mother may have told you that fish was ''brain food'' (and there is now evidence she may have been right), but folk wisdom missed a valuable asset of fish that medical scientists have only recently discovered: its apparent protective effect on the heart and blood vessels.
Don't you know this is an election year?
Although the salad was a rather pedestrian melange of iceberg lettuce and tomato wedges, it was laced with a surprisingly peppy ginger-based dressing.
''I have found out,'' he said, ''that it's easy for doctors to become egoists.
I haven't cleaned a pot in weeks.''
''I suppose it was mostly 22 years of hard battling in Albany and within the federation,'' Mr. Corbett said the other day.
and less unyielding Arab countries, was to place an invitation to Egypt at the top of the agenda so as to allow President Mubarak to join this conference before its conclusion.
Our pleasure was diminished, however, by several errors of fact and mischaracterizations in the article.
Billie Jean King, scheduled to play mixed doubles with Vijay Amritraj, withdrew because of conflicts with broadcast work for Home Box Office.
DOROTHEA LANGE: Photographs of a Lifetime.
She was born at Harlem Hospital (in 1930), grew up in the areas known as the Valley and Sugar Hill, and lives today on West 145th, in Dinah Washington's old apartment.
The mahseer's range includes Nepal, India and Pakistan.
c-Net income after tax credit of $10,050.
Mr. Cobb's lawyer has acknowledged that his client received $1,000 from the gamblers, but has argued that the money was ''not for point- shaving'' but for ''information'' that his team was going to win certain games in which the bettors were interested.
Don King will make money on a fight he is not promoting in a country he says he detests.
But it was also a year in which six new restaurants, among about 90 visited on numerous repeat occasions, were observed and awarded two- stars.
''The people in this borough are terrific.
According to the bank, the S.E.C.
Rather they are learned, from parents, from painful dental experiences in childhood, from dentists who use counterproductive tactics to keep patients in line, even from cartoons and movies that depict dentistry as torturously painful.
''Children will often get upset at the sight of mom and dad hugging and kissing,' '' Dr. Klimek said.
It was bid at $325.50 in New York, down 10 cents.
At Thanksgiving, we do go home again and the journey to this hometown - ''Plimoth'' - is like going back to the old house and finding it the way it was when we were 10.
And the dance has some of the best examples of Mr. Fagan's unusual way with stillness and stylized gesture and his frequent use of the floor as something to lie down upon or curl into.
Mr. Schwarzenegger's relentlessness here is matched only by his cautionary import as a harbinger of what a post-nuclear future might bring.
Some American officials, who acknowledge that they may be overly optimistic, contend that the Iranians will probably launch a less than all-out attack, and that once a new stalemate develops they will finally agree to discuss terms for ending the war, which Iraq started nearly four years ago.
The soprano Irene Ryan presented a joint recital with the tenor David Michael Schuster at the Abraham Goodman House last Sunday afternoon.
Dicky Beale, the Kentucky point guard, said that it was a combination of Georgetown's defense and his team missing open shots.
The Rams netted only 13 yards on the ground while rolling up 389 in the air.
Some Reagan aides say the approach springs partly from an expectation that Walter F. Mondale will be the Democratic Presidential nominee.
Even if JVC is on the right track, some analysts say, it is backing the wrong horse.
But this injunction was lifted, in a 3-to-2 vote, by the Appellate Division, which found that the Republicans had failed to show they would suffer ''irreparable harm'' if the drive continued during the legal fight.
In the fourth, Garry Maddox led with a single, Ozzie Virgil doubled and Carlton made it 5-3 with a grounder to second base.
''We want to see stockholders' equity equal to, or exceeding, 50 percent of total assets,'' he said.
''By comparing the stars they should be looking at versus the stars they are actually seeing, they in effect say 'Ahhaaa, this spacecraft is looking here and it should be looking there.''
'Most Accurate in Industry' A spokesman for the utility, Lincoln Warren, said yesterday that a later review, the most recent carried out by the utility, of the technical specifications, had produced specifications that ''we believe are the most accurate in the industry.''
He said the union was continuing to demand an immediate pay increase, in addition to cost-of-living adjustments and profit sharing.
If he gets his way, the normal negative doubler will say nothing, and the handful of traditional positive doublers, like Piltch and Stone, will have to alert.
Mr. Reagan paid tribute to Mr.
Mr. Bush said today that the Administration had compromised with Congress and accepted some defense spending cuts, but added, ''We are not going to cut into any bone, any muscle.''
He is a scholar of the mystery novel who owns the Mysterious Bookshop and runs the Mysterious Press as well as a quarterly called The Armchair Detective.
The latest homage to the neighborhood is ''Shades of Harlem,'' a cabaret musical entertainment that opens tonight at the Village Gate, Bleecker and Thompson Streets (475-5120) in Greenwich Village.
Some of his trips downfield are followed by television cameras and praised by coaches- turned-analysts whose careers once depended on players just like him.
Mr. Opel has served as chief executive only since January 1981, when he replaced Frank T. Cary, who had been chief executive from 1972 to then.
One response could be a hefty tax on gasoline, one that would be given back through rebates.
His neighbor to the right - in a linen skirt and silk blouse - asked why, whenever he was making progress in the program, he did something he knew was wrong.
West Germany's cost of living climbed six-tenths of 1 percent in October from September and 2.1 percent from the year before, the Government's statistics office said today.
With 68 seconds remaining, Osborne scored off Pierre Larouche's fine pass after first missing the left post.
asked Doris Blum, an assistant to Robert Whitehead, the producer of the play.
Major retailers in the United States reported strong sales gains of more than 10 percent in December, and analysts said yesterday that the year- long consumer spending spree continued past Christmas without losing momentum.
No Firm Buyer Yet Joseph Corcoran, the mine workers' press secretary, said he could not comment on reports of a planned sale.
''Under the most disparate conditions,'' Professor Schmidt writes, ''a chameleonlike opportunism enabled Albert Speer to pursue three extraordinary careers and to achieve success in each one: as an architect, as Nazi Minister of Armaments, and as a witness writing for posterity.
Continue scraping the meat from the bone until you reach almost to the skin-covered bottom.
When halitosis is caused by ulcerations in the digestive tract or by metabolic diseases, such as uncontrolled diabetes, the problem can be solved only by correcting the underlying condition.
''I feel I could go out fishing and watch ball games,'' he said in a videtaped interview with Dr. William C. DeVries, his surgeon.
''Money is above all things in American society,'' he said.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Additional information can be obtained by calling the Conservancy at 1 (203) 525- 0279.
''It is jobs,'' he said.
At one point, Mr. Vrdolyak reportedly tried to make a covert deal with Republican strategists to lend his support to the weakest Democrat in order to aid President Reagan's re-election.
From the park next to Intermediate School 55 on Bergen Street, the students sent 500 gaily colored balloons aloft, all carrying messages about reading: ''Reading is like the rainbow,'' wrote Mary Elizabeth Gilliam, a fourth grader at Public School 284.
The city, built in 1967, was the first to not only do away with such urban clutter as utility lines and billboards, but to attempt to create, through design, a climate of racial equality.
Junior Bantamweight - Kaosai Gallaxy, Thailand, W.B.A.
This means that early gems like ''Aftermath'' and ''Between the Buttons'' and the landmark albums ''Beggars Banquet'' and ''Let It Bleed'' are included, but later favorites like ''Sticky Fingers'' and the superb ''Exile on Main Street'' are not.
These sets do not even cover distinct time periods.
By Sunday, the number of American troops there will be down to 600, the lowest level in a year.
Salvatore Avellino Jr., 48, of Nissequogue, L.I., described as an owner of the Salem Sanitary Carting Corporation of Bohemia, L.I., and Mr. Corallo's chauffeur, were named in one of the indictments.
The President, meanwhile, has been emphasizing a related theme - that the United States remains willing to negotiate but that it is the Soviet Union that refuses to return to the arms control talks in Geneva.
How could it be stated that ''institutions shun'' Rockwell stock?
No Americans were entered in the race.
But it is a fascinating place too, mainly because of its people, who are short, dark, hearty, sentimental, animated and superstitious.
The City Department of Investigation conducted a thorough examination of the charge and ascertained that there had been no cover-up of the report and that Mrs. Stake had been asked to leave her position in the Inspector General's office because she was found to be unsuitable, and for no other reason.
Named first female Supreme Court justice and cites that appointment as indicative of future choices.
Alleviating Homesickness ''It's great to know that someone is looking up to you,'' said Racquel Williams, 16, of the Bronx.
''When Balanchine came over, there was great question as to whether he was physically up to doing all this, as he had TB.''
Senator Kennedy today defended the boycott.
''I get along with the cane.
Mr. Arkhipov was expected to discuss increasing trade and economic cooperation between the Soviet Union and China.
''Most people think that Chiles can do a better job on shaping the leadership.''
Bring to boil, then simmer until reduced to little more than 1 cup.
It is also dedicated to those who have defended the nation.
A late canvas, it reflects none of the physical stress that Avery was under, unless it's in the emphasis on reds (pink shirt, fuschia pants, red shoes and kerchief and a wall scumbled in thin crimson).
As a worker who had shown promise and ability, he was selected in 1929 for college-level education at the military mechanical institute in Leningrad.
While the appeals court rejected his right to wear the yarmulke, it directed the lower court to consider, ''in light of the difficulty of the issue,'' whether Mr. Goldman's military discipline record should be cleared.
In Los Angeles, a city that greeted the Raiders lukewarmly until their championship run, Alzado managed to become a marketable, popular figure.
There were loose, rambling moments, as there always are in such sessions.
Naval analysts also believe that, as other advanced technology ships of the Slava and other classes are constructed, there will be a decline in launchings because the ships demand more labor, a larger industrial base and cost more.
People experience life through a self-centered filter.''
was involved here, and I know probably better than anyone.''
Fresh, high-quality ingredients and a simplified approach to herbs and spices are hallmarks of the cuisine.
Surprisingly then, ''First Lady'' works nicely as both theater piece and amiable history.
Recent trade reports had indicated he planned to leave Lord & Taylor at the end of 1985.
There are caulking cartridges filled with a compound especially made for use in repairs on concrete and masonry.
When Mark Aguirre decided to attend DePaul in 1978, Meyer had never successfully recruited such a talent.
The two lawyers, widely regarded as New York's premier tender-offer tacticians, have been involved in many epic corporate struggles in recent years.
Johnson, a 6-foot-11-inch, 36-year- old center, was a free agent last year who sat out the season when he couldn't come to terms with the Hawks or any other National Basketball Association team.
''They were playing, but they weren't devoted to it.''
''Our marketing people quantified the market for educational software at $68 million in 1982,'' Mr. Reid said, ''and projected that it would expand to $1 billion by 1989.''
'' John Tuggle is taking chemotherapy at the Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center for a tumor in his right shoulder.
No Right to Touch Visitors In a separate prisoners' rights decision today, the Court ruled that inmates awaiting trial have no constitutional right to touch family members and friends who visit them.
But the boom did not last.
But chemists in the cosmetics industry contend that the products produced by reputable companies will show some results, if only briefly.
Parlor people, I know, have passed the word that I am simply ''unpresentable.''
In time Gosse became a wealthy man.
Mr. Meese turned in his 1982 financial disclosure form on May 16, 1983, but did not list the loan.
The Common Market ministers say such moves are draining investment funds from their own industry and slowing Europe's economic recovery.
But the counselor may feel that there is something in the family that may be detrimental to the client.
New York City is not an island to itself.
recuiters were dropped, and the cases of three recent graduates who were in the room were to be considered later, the officials said.
Georgia's Calvin Ruff, a defensive end, recovered at the Bulldogs' 45- yard line when Eppley lost the ball after his long run.
It is hard to imagine climbing 2,000-foot Mount Mansfield in Stowe, Vt., twice in one day, shouldering skis for two runs down the Nose Dive Trail, but that is how it was done.
A Saudi Arabian diplomat, whose embassy is now representing Libya's interests in this country, looked on as the police forced their way in.
Andrew Jackson did not claim ''a right superior to that of the Supreme Court to interpret the Constitution''; rather, he claimed an equal right to interpret that document.
Listed below are the target release dates for major economic indicators scheduled to be released this week.
Floods closed major highways, left cars submerged and damaged hundreds of homes.
Linen suits for day are in gray and pale skin tones.
I'm trying to get back to it.''
'A New Awareness' Another student from her school, Mr. Delgado, was eager to learn about computers.
Officer Albanese's bed won the ''most creative bed award.''
In fact, a number of athletes have served or are serving prison sentences for drug-related convictions.
In addition to presenting Federal arts- support plans for the years ahead, it also presents an overview of the state of the arts in the United States as found by staff members of the endowment, local arts officials and institutions, and consultants.
For comparison, America's trade with Taiwan is greater than its trade with China and the Soviet Union combined.
Fridays, 11:30 A.M. to 3 P.M. and 5:30 to 10:30 P.M.; Saturdays, 5:30 to 11 P.M. SHANGHAI WOK, 560 Broadway, Long Branch, (201) 229-1211 vv (Sept. 25, 1983).
''More people have that handicap than any other, and some of them had stopped going to the theater.''
The Chinese prefer a more general agreement that will allow more flexibility when they take over.
''Little Birds Fly'' deals less persuasively with the same autobiographical material.
Sales will benefit New Jersey Audubon's Hoffman Sanctuary.
In June, when interest rates were much higher, the company's three-year extendible notes were sold with initial yields higher than 13 percent.
The dollar resumed its climb to near-record levels in worldwide trading yesterday amid renewed forecasts of higher United States interest rates.
Mrs. Seagraves said she and her brother, Buzzie, were occasionally used during campaigns as ''decoration pieces, like Fala, the dog.''
Mr. Rapaport says he used the other broker because he was too busy to go to the club.
The Fed put together a $30 billion intervention package then and raised its discount rate a percentage point, to 9 1/2 percent.
But recently, while inflation has remained relatively low, interest rates have skyrocketed, creating new costs for businesses, consumers and debt-burdened developing countries as well as depressing bond prices.
The implications, they say, are that the Japanese advances could mean stiff competition for American makers of large business computers, such as the International Business Machines Corporation.
The bride's father is president of the Portfolio Securities Transactions Corporation in Cleveland, where her mother, Jeremy Brayton Wilson, is a partner of Charles M. Phillips Inc., a floral-design company.
The Quilted Giraffe at 955 Second Avenue offers two prix-fixe dinners, for $60 and $85.
The most striking element in the conversations at the blockade was that the grievances did not correspond to those being discussed by the truckers' association leadership and the Government.
It has joined the New Long March and now boasts much new, small-scale industry - a textile plant, a wood-processing plant, some small assembly plants, even a watch- assembly factory, now shut down because it wasn't profitable.
Technically a 6581 chip, Commodore's sound interface device offers a far broader range of capabilities than the sound generators of other personal computers.
The meeting was considered little more than a formality, however.
Elements of the Spanish press are no less subtle.
The company said third-quarter earnings will be hurt by the costs of a strike at its Publishers Paper Company affiliate's Newberg, Ore., mill that started July 16 and changes in publication schedules within its book publishing segment.
Diluting Other's Authority The Sunnis are suggesting that the Shiites be given, among other things, the post of vice president, taking away from the Christian president's powers.
''The Orioles want to talk to him,'' Barry Frank, Weaver's agent, said yesterday.
The following chocolate cakes are simple, unadorned.
The Padres' star center fielder, Kevin McReyolds, who hit 20 home runs this season, broke a bone in his left hand sliding into second base Saturday night.
''It took one accountant three years working every day to figure the whole thing out,'' said a younger Pritzker, with a wry smile.
This plan is in addition to prior authorizations for stock repurchases, Wells Fargo said.
Superintendent Morse, an efficient officer, has a pretty good opinion of himself, even if once in a while he stubs his toes.
His father is retired and was city clerk of Herzliya.
Add to this some seductive watercolors that tell us exactly how people lived when they had a dedicated live- in staff and did not lack for money, and it will be clear that this is a very amusing exhibition.
It prevents conception by inhibiting ovulation, the release of eggs from the ovaries.
It provided compensation for the families of those killed and found jobs for the disabled.
Kathleen Cooper, senior financial economist at the Security Pacific National Bank of Los Angeles, said the January increase was still ''a very strong number.''
I guess Sammy was a better recruiter than I was.''
He wants to be with a contender and with a good organization, both of which the Cubs are now.
The small wine list is recited by a waitress, and one of the better buys is a Gattinara at $9.50.
The company said a program of Landsat satellite imagery and photo-geological interpretation of the area's hydrocarbon potential had proved ''encouraging.''
He neither admitted nor denied the S.E.C.
Dr. and Mrs. John Young of South Orange, N.J., have announced his daughter's engagement to a son of Mrs. Joseph Roby of Rochester and Nevis, West Indies, and Leonard Shortall of Southport, Conn. Miss Young, a daughter also of the late Elizabeth Yung Ming Jen, who taught Chinese at Georgetown University, graduated magna cum laude from Yale and received a J.D.
She moved to her renovated two-bedroom apartment on 13th Street because the rent was low - $900 a month, which she splits with a friend - and ''because it was an adventure - I liked the idea of being part of the change.''
I have relinquished my interest.
Central Institute for the Deaf, St. Louis: Dr. Martin S. Silverman, neuroscience.
''Yeah, but the tight end went back and got Donald Trump to offer free parking in Manhattan.''
He said that Cardinal Wyszynski's encouragement and the Pope's consent led to the conversations with the Pope in the papal apartments and on long walks through the Vatican grounds.
Mr. Roass fled, but the next day was captured and charged with assault.
Neither the Soviet Union nor the countries usually considered in its bloc - most of which withdrew from the Games - was polled.
By failing to mention the foreign debt owed to Americans and the enormous financial requirements imposed on debtor nations to meet current debt service obligations, you acquiesce in an incomplete and misleading analysis.
As a result, there have been intramural fireworks among them.
Much to Ash's - but hardly the viewer's - astonishment, the older woman, all of 18, turns out to be Princess Anjuli (Amy Irving), and the accompanying party includes Koda Dad (Omar Shariff).
On the first play of the drive, a 14- yard pass from Simms to Carpenter, three Jets tackled Carpenter.
The mind wanders when you are engaged in a tedious job, such as squeezing saturated towels into a sink, using a wet-dry vacuum, listening to the low hum of the rented water pump.
They were married in 1968, and she went on to found and become the head of Operation Cork, a national program to help the families of alcholics.
Sometime between December and last month, the request for a search warrant for the pistol was vetoed by prosecutors, according to Robert M. Morgenthau, the Manhattan District Attorney.
Spring suffered a reversal in Washington this week, and so did President Reagan.
''Lost in America,'' the last and best of the memoirs, details the immigrant's journey to America, passing through Nazi Germany and watching with horror from a train window Jews not as lucky as he.
The developers, Jim Fleming and Jim Searle, whose concept is to spare as many trees as possible to ''mimic the forest'' and blend the houses into the trees, had even erected a sign on the property as a caution to workers: ''To Our Fellow Woodsmen: Respect the life of every tree here like your job depends on it.
Some Administration economists, on the other hand, assumed that the giant 1981 tax-cut legislation would produce a ''supply-side'' savings and investment boom but not a consumer spending boom.
A June wedding is planned.
Both Blanda and Tittle took their teams to championship games, Blanda's Houston Oilers going 10-3-1 in the American Football League in 1961 and Tittle's Giants going 11-3 in the National Football League in 1963.
get them on their feet.
U.S. Voices Concern WASHINGTON, Oct. 30 (Reuters) - The United States expressed deep concern today over the protests in Chile and the failure of the authorities to move toward democracy.
The last is a day school for multiply handicapped students.
One of the more majestic interpretations of that phenomenon is the exhibition devoted to ''primitivism'' and 20th-century art that can be seen at the Museum of Modern Art through Jan. 15.
A five-year period in which several osprey families were tracked and filmed while conservation efforts moved forward is represented in ''Return of the Osprey,'' to be screened at 7:30 P.M. Tuesday in the Cummings Art Center, Connecticut College, New London.
These types of ships faded out of service with the arrival of the major railroads in the latter part of the 19th century.
Mr. Zabar is the younger brother of Saul and Stanley Zabar, who own Zabar's with Murray Klein.
The Soviet Union has favored a freeze in the production, testing and deployment of nuclear weapons.
In addition, Malaysia must now import more than 60 percent of the tire components other than rubber - nylon thread, beading and such expensive materials as kevlar, a lightweight synthetic belting material And if Malaysia ever becomes a force in world tire manufacturing, it is sure to face market restrictions by other countries intent on protecting their own tire industries.
Be sure to ask, though, because a few cost more than the most expensive items on the menu.
Concern Over the South This afternoon Mr. Mondale and Mrs. Ferraro also went to see Senator Robert C. Byrd of West Virginia and Senator Lloyd Bentsen of Texas in meetings that seemed to reflect the Mondale campaign's increasingly evident concern about the appeal of the ticket in the South.
The artists listed, and some others, including Wham!, Annie Lennox of Eurhythmics, and the record's producer, Midge Ure of Ultravox, contributed ''their time and talent'' to the project, and they say that all proceeds and royalties from the record will go into a trust fund, to be used in 1985 to send food and medicines directly to the famine victims in Ethiopia.
The committee may consist of the architect for the project, representatives of the agency that sponsored its construction, members of the public and representatives of the State Bureau of Public Works and the Arts Commission.
Dillon Read.Ogden Corp., $50 million of senior subordinated 3-year extendible floating-rate notes, due 1996, NR/Ba2/ BBx.
When he was a player, everybody paid attention because they knew they would be kicked where it hurts by George if they didn't listen.''
Although the Court ruled that the N.C.A.A.
Outmanned from the start off the boards, Hofstra trailed for all but two minutes of the first half and was dowm by 12 with nine minutes left in the game.
''I think that any physical endeavor which involves a goal that you want to attain with your body is a sport,'' she said.
The new design will differ from earlier efforts in this way: In the 1960's and 1970's, many American utilities started building reactors with only 20 percent of the design work done, but the new model is to be 70 to 80 percent designed before construction begins.
And in the fifth Reggie Jackson, batting against the reliever Bob Shirley, hit his ninth home run of the season and the 487th of his career.
Gen. Creighton Abrams, the notable World War II tank commander who replaced General Westmoreland, but who has since died of lung cancer, overturned his policy.
Former German Colony South Africa rules South-West Africa, a former German colony widely known as Namibia, in defiance of rulings by the United Nations, which call the occupation illegal.
The housing component of the July index rose seven-tenths of 1 percent.
The House of Deputies voted 127 to 74 today to ratify a Vatican-mediated treaty with Chile designed to end a century-old dispute over territory in the Beagle Channel.
Nearly every public and private school in California - 9,250 of them - received a free Apple IIe between August and October of last year.
Yesterday afternoon the suspect in the killing, 19-year-old Darryl Jeter of Brooklyn, was indicted by a grand jury on one charge of second-degree murder, one count of criminal possession of a weapon in the second degree and one count of criminal possession of a weapon in the third degree.
(The usual amount is 20 to 30 percent.)
He chipped into the cup from the fringe for a birdie at the 10th.
He had four tiny steel staples holding together a cut over his left eye, suffered when he crashed head-first into the base of a basket support during Friday night's game.
Carter said later: ''I told Gooden: 'You're having a great season.
''Once you factor in volume, intensity and the shift to more expensive and complicated services,'' she said, ''the total tab that people must pay is even higher.''
Mr. Bush asserted that the Carter Administration practiced ''vacillation'' abroad and was responsible for ''malaise'' at home.
Phelps Dodge and others say the low price for copper that has forced them to shut mines and operate in the red is caused by world oversupply, and one way the industry is trying to fight back is to win quotas on imports of foreign copper.
The Celanese Corporation last month won P.B.G.C.
Common Stocks * Lescarden Inc., a pharmaceutical research company, filed a rights offering in which a stockholder would receive the right to 1 unit for every 4 shares owned; each unit would consist of 2 shares and 1 warrant.
''We are working here as if we were in an occupied country, like the French police during World War II,'' a senior police officer said.
He saw less danger in buyouts via stock swaps than in those involving cash.
NORTH S Q J 9 4 H J 10 7 D K 9 4 3 C K Q WEST S 8 7 H A 9 8 5 3 D 7 C J 10 7 6 2 EAST (D) S 5 2 H Q 4 2 D A Q 10 5 2 C A 5 4 SOUTH S A K 10 6 3 H K 6 D J 8 6 C 9 8 3 Both sides were vulnerable.
No purchase is necessary, but those who donate $5 will receive a Cabbage Patch poster.
But only after he had taught himself Lachoudisch, a local variety of German containing many Yiddish and Hebrew words, did he realize that they had been saying: ''The Mayor is sitting in the bar filling his belly with booze.''
Only 13 states give a defendant in a criminal case veto power over cameras in the courtroom, with the majority of states leaving the matter up to the judge.
The company said the latest quarter and 6 months reflect a modification in the accrual of allowance for funds used during construction after Jan. 20, 1984.
* Kenny Index, Kenny Information Systems Salomon Brothers estimates for bellwether issues
Talk about not remaining above the fray!
The newest influx has been young couples, a large proportion Asians and Indians, many of whom work in Staten Island's medical institutions and live in New Springville's burgeoning condominium and town-house developments.
But Starr could muster only a 52-76-3 coaching record.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
The lead-off is a one-man show, ''L'Homme Rouge,'' with Gilles Maheu, who also wrote it.
These and other figures argue that the present Soviet weapon is not really capable and could not be used in a conflict without further testing.
Her family is outwardly healthy and well knit, with its share of both giggles and minor squabbles.
Solle and the others simply did not like the Christian Democrat-led Parliament that the Germans elected a year ago.
It's not entirely clear what their opposing positions are, except that each has accused the other of innuendo.
After the insurgents' attack, the sources said, the committees' headquarters were moved from an office in downtown Tripoli to inside the military barracks, and the revolutionary guards helped local people's congresses set up roadblocks throughout the capital, residents said.
When I didn't skate well, I just let somebody through the door who was a perfect champion.''
The judges did not indicate when they might make a decision.
What made her draw such a conclusion?
b-After losses from discontinued operations of $1,123,000 and a charge of $1 million for estimated losses related to the disposal of discontinued operations.
''Very rarely does anyone tell us they based their transactions on non- public information,'' Mr. Norell stated.
But she realized she needed a more difficult jump, and here she introduced one, a triple toe loop.
Among the women's schools, the largest support from contributors went to Smith College, which received $16.4 million, and Wellesley College, which got $14.9 million.
had been urging the M.I.S.L.
Senator Bill Bradley, a Democrat from Denville who is running for a second term, raised more than $1.3 million in the first half of the year, according to the Federal Election Commission.
Put weatherstripping around the doors and windows to prevent cool air from escaping and operate the machine with the exhaust fan off so as not to expel newly cooled air from the room.
President Moi's main policy objective is to make Kenya a nation in which all citizens have equal opportunities.
Just work carefully to avoid scratching the top of the tub or the tile.
In addition to his position with his family's toy company, Mr. Wechsler was secretary of the board of directors of Congregation K'hal Adath Jeshurun in Inwood.
He's the type of guy that's going to respond.
The running attack is essential for the Generals.
The territory south of the Rio Grande is still a distant and murky place to many voters, but the Krueger campaign operates on the conviction that public concern is growing.
''The reason we don't see more microcomputers in the home now is because people don't know what to do with them,'' he said.
More than 100 works by the 19th- century artist Frederic Edwin Church will be on view through March 18 at the Hudson River Museum, 511 Warburton Avenue, Yonkers.
While there are no statistics to bear this out, it is readily accepted that several million others succeeded in gaining illegal entry to this country.
Some 70-odd million square feet of office space is going up in New Jersey.''
New York City, Trust for Cultural Resources, Museum of Modern Art, $20 million, Aaa/AAA.
''We wanted to get off the ball and get in their faces.''
Mr. Thayer's only public statement about the case has been to acknowledge the S.E.C.
High interest and hard dollars make it difficult to export and easy to import.
Little Israeli Concern Seen By logic, the officials said, Israel should be showing more concern about King Hussein's position and Jordan's safety, but Israeli leaders have not indicated that they are.
Because it could not get equal connections to the A.T.& T.- owned local networks, its service was a bit awkward for users, requiring that they punch in complex numerical codes to tie into the MCI system.
When East ducked, he did well by finessing the ten.
It seems to me a pity, for instance, that there is no mention of ''Chips'' Channon - Sir Henry Channon, a minor British politician but a major diarist.
Ann Thwaite's book is a long one, and I can't resist quoting Gosse himself against her: ''There is hardly a Life printed nowadays,'' he wrote, ''that does not offend by the publication of too much of everything.''
Orange juice prices soared in futures trading.
To help spread the good word and to encourage communities to examine their schools and schools to examine themselves, the foundation has issued a 106-page report, ''City High Schools: A Recognition of Progress.''
Mr. Gemayel was reported today to have sent a letter to President Reagan expressing hope that the United States would continue to provide political, economic and military support.
Strawberry, continuing his second- half tear, hammered a three-run homer and later drove in a fourth run, giving him four homers and 11 runs batted in the last seven games.
He was particularly disturbed because, from intelligence on the campaign trail, he already knew that the same thing had happened at a rally in Cleveland.
But they are more interested in immersing themselves in roles, even when it means obliterating the most striking aspects of their own personality, than they are in making magic.
''So when I got the ball, I tried to hit the open man.''
The Fed raised the discount rate to 9 percent on Friday.
The Soviet Union and Syria have demanded that the ships be moved farther to sea but the official said, ''We have no reason to do that.''
The ceremony was picketed by several hundred members of the league.
Keith was very well liked in St. Louis, and Whitey's probably making comments to justify the trade.
Twelve Afghans and four Pakistanis were killed, and three other people were wounded, the Government said in a statement.
team that moved this year from Baltimore to Indianapolis.
Pieces were judged on originality, function, practicality and craftsmanship.
''In terms of the kinds of businesses that make sense, companies are pushing the outside of the envelope,'' said Robert Stearns, vice president of mergers and acquisitions for Merrill Lynch.
Warfare became far more important, more chronic, and more bloody and destructive.
Traditional side dishes include yams, black-eyed peas and collard greens.
The Knicks rallied again behind King's 15 fourth-quarter points to pull to 101-96.
The goal that has come to be known as the American dream has crossed a historic threshold: The average price of a new, single-family home broke into six figures in May, the Commerce Department said today.
The money goes into the Treasury's General Accounts and reduces amounts that the Treasury would otherwise have to borrow to pay interest and principal on the national debt.
Returning to the Harvard Graduate School of Design after spending Thanksgiving at her home in Glen Ridge, N.J., Joan Webster got off the air shuttle at Logan International Airport in Boston, picked up her luggage and disappeared.
The wealthy slave owners lived in fine mansions; the blacks in slave quarters.
Except for one meet in which he failed to clear a height, he has done 18-4 1/2 or better every time.
''President Reagan is terrific on women's issues and we just have to get his record to the people,'' said Sonia Landau, a corporate consultant who has been hired as the national chairman of Women for Reagan-Bush.
Mr. Shipley said that he withdrew from the project more than a year ago after receiving information about Mr. Tsakos.
The gap between the rich and the poor is most striking in the urban areas where a relative handful of extremely wealthy people are protected from the surrounding poverty by concrete walls, barbed wire and armed guards.
As for the company's future, reMr.
But they were quieter then.
Somebody who has more expertise in marketing fish could carry it out better.''
Some areas, such as Washington State and Oklahoma, have recently suffered epidemics of the disease, and children there will thus be more exposed to the bacteria that causes it.
4 in the World Cup, who finished 10th.
Estates with particular problems might still require outside specialists, but a public office could handle most cases and hire specialists when needed.
The highway is expected to become a major east-west corridor, dotted with office and housing developments in an area of the state that has until recently remained largely rural.
Virginia shifted to a man-to- man after 10 minutes and still no one got inside well for either side.
They include crime, poor schools, high taxes and the flight of industry.
David Gadda, a spokesman for Boise Cascade, said Boise would not comment until after Judge Kammeyer has decided the remaining issues.
In 1972, this exhibition opened at the National Gallery of Art.
Republicans - Boehlert, yes; Carney, yes; Conable, yes; Fish, yes; Gilman, yes; Green, no; Horton, yes; Kemp, yes; Lent, yes; Martin, yes; McGrath, yes; Molinari, yes; Solomon, yes; Wortley, yes.
I am tempted to give the wise-guy explanation and say that Westerners are probably sick and tired of hearing Easterners tell them how nice they are.
''I don't want clients to get the message that 'because I did it you can do it,' '' she said.
Autumn is summer's amber back door and winter's front gate.
Charged with Messrs. Ihne, Stivaletti and Chiaramonte were Mr. Musella's brothers - Michael, 39, of Brooklyn, who works for an engineering company in Florham Park, N.J., and John, 35, of Brooklyn, a New York City police officer.
T.'' has made him a household face (he says he's still apt to hear cries of ''Hey!
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
They also encourage their followers to lie to outsiders about their faith.
A single by Lonnie Smith scored Ozzie Smith.
The Sudan has been led by President Nimeiry for 15 years.
It's red wool and it's become part of the family.''
For him, the contrast between teaching undergraduates year-round and addressing adults in this context is invigorating.
''I do miss the activity and hustle and bustle of a very busy manufacturing operation,'' he said.
''Wherever she went and came in direct contact with animals, the disease went with her in high incidence,'' Dr. Gardner said, referring to the movement of the monkey in the cages at the Davis facility.
Then the Russians escalated by destroying an American warship with a tactical nuclear weapon and by firing chemical weapons.
''Employing our forces almost indiscriminately and as a regular and customary part of our diplomatic efforts would surely plunge us headlong into the sort of domestic turmoil we experienced during the Vietnam war, without accomplishing the goal for which we committed our forces,'' he said.
Were it not born into this august family, it is unlikely that it would ever hang on a museum wall.
The Reagan Administration's promise to end quotas next year is aimed at holding down U.S. wages, not at getting Japan to adopt a free-trade policy.
Danny Darwin , the Texas Ranger pitcher, who made physical contact with Umpire Ken Kaiser during an argument Aug. 18, has been suspended for two games.
To the Editor: It has proved impossible so far to fix responsibility for the mining of the approaches to the Suez Canal.
For many ''illegals,'' documention could be difficult.
But it's a pleasant connection to contemplate, especially as this small, rocky seascape hangs not far from Bierstadt's ''Brook in Woods.
He became president and chief operating officer of Mobil Oil on Jan. 1, 1983.
His novels exist, are bought and read.
So some Hart aides are telling the Senator that accepting the second spot, if it was offered, would be the best political move he could make for 1984 and beyond.
''My best guess for the second quarter are earnings of $2.15 a share fully diluted, and $9 a share fully diluted for the full year,'' said Wolfgang H. Demisch, an analyst at the First Boston Corporation.
''I think it is possible to quantify those numbers.''
''But mall officials are telling us it may take 10 days to two weeks before we can reopen,'' she said.
It was Mr. Rinzel who reopened the Decatur investigation and who brought charges two years ago in the Greensboro, N.C., case.
The Front Line What makes the Celtics so super?
The Los Angeles Dodgers, apparently guilty of mammoth miscalculation, threaten to finish with an under- .500 record for only the second time in 16 years and the farthest from first place since they ended up 20 games back in 1975.
Education, in the 1960's and 1970's became the largest item in most state budgets, and Washington provided funds for the education of the disadvantaged.
Question: What is the best time to make a spring visit to Winterthur, the gardens and museum near Wilmington, Del.?
I had a woman one time whose father was treating her mother poorly.
You expect me to play a third round, which would indeed allow you to lead a spade to the king with satisfactory results.
The increased sense of well-being seems to be sustaining Mr. Reagan's general popularity in the face of misgivings about his foreign policy and the integrity of his Administration.
East vs. West, 34th annual N.B.A.
The commission has said it will consider the request before the end of the year.
U.S. 'Technicians' Were Sent Mr. Romberg said American ''technicians'' flew to the scene and offered advice to local authorities.
In Office for 4 Years The Liberal Government, which has been in office for four years, is constitutionally obliged to call elections by next spring, but most political analysts have assumed Mr. Trudeau or his successor would set a date for elections in the fall, close to the elections in the United States.
Almost 12 inches of rain from incessant thunderstorms fell over Louisiana's bayou country today, flooding homes and businesses and forcing the evacuation of hundreds of people.
''Witherspoon has to press him, and I don't think he can keep busy for 12 rounds,'' said Holmes.
The other members of the rebel directorate dismissed Mr. Chamorro from the Nicaraguan Democratic Force, partly because of his public discussion of the atrocity issue.
I was trained as a radio operator.
Between injuries, Riggins carried the ball 928 times in 5 seasons, finally reaching 1,005 yards in the last game of his fifth season.
Mr. Hendricks, denies killing his family and contends he was in Wisconsin on a sales trip when the slayings took place.
''I think any system that gets away from market valuation is an artificial one,'' said Thompson Powers, a Washington attorney who advises employers.
The day-care costs $42.50 a week for nine hours a day, five days a week, and the after-school session is $27 a week.
For beginners, the most helpful and the easiest to use are ''A Field Guide to the Birds East of the Rockies'' by Roger Tory Peterson (Houghton Mifflin, 1980, $9.95) and ''Birds of North America'' by Chandler S. Robbins, Bertel Bruun and Herbert S. Zim, illustrated by Arthur Singer (Golden Press, 1982, $7.95).
There was the Great Subway Hack, in which an M.I.T.
I have to re-write, I mean interpolate & rub out most of The Years in proof.
ONE of the rewards of political defeat is the opportunity for reflection.
In the Cheysson-Shultz talks today, however, the conversation was said to have been amiable, although there was disagreement over how to handle Libya.
These gregarious birds, which often return in flocks, winter in the warmer southland.
(UPI) - Charles Balentine scored 6 points and had a key rebound in the final minute for Arkansas (8-1).
Instead of reselling it, the prosecutors said, Mr. Anderson returned the painting to the gallery and kept the money from Dr. Taylor.
''I said, 'You know that's not true.
The stakes involved in making the Lloyd's reforms successful force Mr. Miller and Mr. Davison to take outsiders' impressions of the nature of their relationship seriously.
But spokesmen say they have heard of nothing like the wave of Cazals snatchings that has occurred here.
Gold fell $2.50 in New York, to $345.
Mr. Ford, Mr. Iacocca says, visited his office only three times in eight years, and the families rarely saw each other socially.
Until recently, this prairie province was known mainly for its endless horizons and socialist Government.
THE ARBITRAGER Unidentified, New York.
began operating, that a payroll ceiling might be necessary.
How will the tradition continue?
''I wish I knew,'' he said.
Now that we are in the second year of an economic expansion and are moving closer to a higher utilization of resources, I think very large budget deficits bring us much closer to where they contribute to problems and frictions in the financial markets and will bring us higher interest rates.
He said land prices in his area of central Kansas have dropped 30 to 40 percent from their peaks, but still not enough for Mr. Adrian to start his son in farming, as farm parents normally do.
The victims were identified as Genevieve Abraham, about 60 years old, the wife of Anthony Abraham, a prominent businessman who was appointed honorary consul by the Lebanese Government in 1979; Sam Josephs, a retired builder in his 80's, and his wife, Bea, 76.
An important part of their victory was a 74-yard touchdown run by Marcus Allen, the longest touchdown run in Super Bowl history.
This is evidence of desperation: Were it not for Israel's destruction of the Iraqi atomic bomb-making facility in Baghdad, Iraq would today be threatening to incinerate the four million Iranians who live in Teheran.
New laws and court rulings have been a major factor in substantially increased voter registration this year, according to the leaders of registration drives.
But he has been foolish about the purpose of America's force, listing all the places he says he would never send troops, whatever happens, a decision that would be an invitation to adversaries.
'The Shadow' had episodes about snipers, political scandals and religious cults.''
The second error was worse.
The closed hand was entered with a spade lead to ruff another heart, as West parted with a spade.
But those opportunities are not created by the Russians: They seek to exploit upheavals caused by local conditions to which we have not responded effectively, and they are quick to take advantage of our shortsightedness and ignorance.
Senator Jake Garn, Republican of Utah, the committee chairman, predicted that Professor Seger would win confirmation in the Republican-controlled Senate despite Democratic protests that her credentials were inadequate.
Fragment Linked to Development In fruit flies, whose genetics have been intensively studied, the newly identified fragment occurs within genes that control development of the segmented structure characteristic of those insects.
These are habits not likely to go down smoothly in a country where one of the foremost latter-day analysts of labor-management relations is Johnny Paycheck.
Corn futures ended mixed, while wheat gained as much as 6 cents a bushel on rumors of possible Soviet and Chinese interest in buying American or Common Market wheat.
And while Mr. Yasgur said he saw the new challenges and new problems Mr. Logan will face in his new post as ''things that make the job exciting,'' he conceded that they can often lead to frustrating moments.
Except for people who naturally do things backward, I can think of no practical use for this one.
The sun throws a slant of light across water as still as a pasture pond.
At first, the programming was pure nostalgia.
Last Thursday, the Federal Aviation Administration proposed regulating schedules at six major airports if the airlines could not agree on voluntary action.
At Cambridge, he often advised his colleagues on what cigars they should smoke after dinner.
Together, the programs constitute more than a third of the Education Department's $18 billion budget in the fiscal year 1985, which began Oct. 1.
Mr. Glenn was a Marine Corps flier in World War II and the Korean War, and won medals.
There are also trains to the Hague, Rotterdam and Utrecht.
That must send Adam's apples bobbing at the White House.
He estimated the value of his interest in the partnership at between $15,000 and $50,000.
The Ethics in Government Act of 1978 requires disclosure of income, holdings, gifts, liabilities and transactions of Presidential and Vice- Presidential candidates, and, with certain exemptions, similar information for spouses of the candidates.
The General Assembly interrupted its debate to approve a strongly worded resolution on South Africa.
Madolyn Smith Prahka Lasa .
Ingemar Stenmark, the Swedish superstar, experienced problems with his goggles during the first heat while coming down through the fog and dropped out.
*Heat tablespoon of butter in heavy saucepan and add leeks.
Most of them, their entrance examination scores above the national average, will go on to college.
For President Reagan, the summit meeting represents the culmination of a 10-day European tour that has already included a three-day visit to Ireland, from where his forebears emigrated, a visit to Buckingham Palace for lunch with the Queen and observances in Normandy of the 40th anniversary of D-day.
Share earnings are adjusted to reflect a 2-for-1 stock split effective July 1, 1983.
''We're going to watch it win,'' Mr. Towle said.
What was surprising, however, was the extent of use of child-care programs by male workers.
Mr. Hart, adding his vote to that of the Rev.
He pointed to the improved market for cars and trucks industrywide and to the particular success of some of Chrysler's products like the small, sporty Laser and Daytona models and especially the strong-selling front-wheel-drive mini-vans that have been virtually sold out for the rest of this year and confirmed reports that Chrysler will convert its production facility in St. Louis to mini-vans.
The last factor has always been difficult to measure, but the formula is still widely used by options traders.
Though feeling is there, none of these images speaks with much intensity; Meyer is better at facture than iconography.
In these two images, Frederick Busch notifies us that, in his adult life, Zimmer will always come down too hard on the delicate surfaces of things and his sexual experiences will usually be accompanied by the nervous, discordant music of self-consciousness and guilt.
They also introduced a community education program, which was so effective that other Andean countries became interested in doing the same thing.
After developing in the Southwest Tuesday, the storm cut a wide swath of destruction as it roared across the South and up the Atlantic Coast.
We know some visitors are griping about the pollution, but at the same time we have to keep some kind of economic base in the area.''
In September, when the college needed the gym, the stores moved again.
In Los Angeles on Thursday, Peter V. Ueberroth, the president of the Olympic Organizing Committee for the city, said, ''We are deeply troubled by the timing of this denial, which appears to be inefficient and unfair.''
''Bill Veeck had a clown stand alongside our coach.
The official said Miss Isenberg's dying statement to a police officer would dispute Mr. Torres's version.
1 rushing team in the league, gained 299 yards on the ground to Brown's 112 in improving its overall record to 5-2.
There is far more awareness on the part of airlines, hotel operators, amusement park owners, car rental companies even.''
Mr. Holahan's sort of destructive commentary does the cause and purpose of education a severe disservice, and The New York Times should be ashamed for publishing such drivel.
Yet in that place, and in the name of freedom, the Reagan Administration aims to curb the freedom of others to decide how best to contain this human tide.
But Arab and Western diplomats said Soviet military experts would go to Kuwait for the first time.
The former Governor of Sao Paulo state, Paulo Salim Maluf, is thought to enjoy a commanding lead among delegates to the party's convention in September, but he is also the most controversial of the four current candidates, with polls showing him favored by less than 10 percent of public opinion.
Other judges wrote separate opinions in the complex case.
After all, this is our territory.''
O. Winston Link (Pace-MacGill Gallery, 11 East 57th Street): O. Winston Link's photographs of the last years of steam on the old Norfolk and Western Railroad have become part of our cultural lore.
A London jewel robbery leads to plots and counterplots behind the Iron Curtain.
Or is it a trend?
The UConn Health Center in Farmington can take up to 86 children from 6 weeks to 6 years old.
The 29-year-old Payton joined the Bears in 1975 as the fourth pick in the N.F.L.
Nor has Ireland forgotten Mannion.
No Change in Policy Seen As to the ''comprehensive plan'' promised to board members in exchange for their support, Mr. Trobe said: ''If you mean the plan will say we're going to put XYZ in the Bronx, that's not in the plan.
Special interests can be catered to.
This contrasts with a 1978 Gallup Poll showing that 36 percent approved and 54 percent disapproved, and a 1968 Gallup poll showing that only 20 percent approved while 72 percent disapproved.
Instead of running at least halfway to third in case the ball hit off the wall, Harrah went back to second to tag in case the ball was caught.
''They're so good when they pressure you.''
This would be up 50 percent from the $6.3 billion that United States car makers earned in 1983.
John F. Kerry of Massachusetts, a 40-year-old Bostonian, came to his successful race for the Senate with an extensive personal political apparatus, strong support in local Democratic organizations and the backing of mayors in such cities as Boston and New Bedford.
''You know, it's kind of embarrassing, but it's not.
Asked how desperate the Cosmos' financial situation was, he said, ''Of all the franchises in the leaague, ours is the least desperate.''
The market's broad pessimism is clearly reflected in the price of International Business Machines.
Other Articles Rejected Four of the seven Supreme Court judges said the state had failed to prove that Mr. Douglas had knowingly lied to the special Assistant Attorney General.
Just across the street was City College, where the asylum sent some of its brightest graduates.
The official United States complaint has been conveyed to Jacques Olivier, the Federal Sports Minister, but no response has been announced.
Meadowlands Race Track, 8 P.M. (Television - MSG Network, midnight).
Except for Tittle, no Giant quarterback - there have been dozens in nearly six decades - had passed for 400 yards.
Syria, which opposes all efforts by Arab governments to sign separate peace agreements with Israel, had previously strongly criticized efforts by the King and Mr. Arafat to work out a joint approach on negotiations for the return of Israeli- occupied territory.
In 1967, Donovan's interpretations of his own mystical folk songs distilled a cultural atmosphere whose intense romanticism outweighed its silliness.
He has also countered by dusting off his favorite strategy of attacking ''liberal'' failures, a political adjective he has almost single-handedly pushed into obsolescence.
That study, Mr. Pottle said, found that 90 percent of subscribers in new cable systems are willing to pay for a premium cable service, such as Home Box Office, but only 50 percent are willing to pay for a second premium service, and only 25 percent are willing to pay for a third one.
Mr. Ben-Haim, who was born in Munich, Germany, settled in Palestine in 1933 and was one of Israel's noted composers; Mr. Starer, who was born in Vienna, settled in Palestine in 1938, and later came to the United States.
Obviously, not all the conductors on this list and on the earlier one qualify as titans, but I think it must be agreed that the sheer quantity of front- rank talent at work in those decades is impressive.
J. P. Stevens & Company said yesterday that improved textile sales helped triple its profits in the second quarter, to $4.6 million, from $1.5 million in the period a year earlier.
FENCING: 3-9 P.M. - Men's team sabre prelims.
THE POLISH REVOLUTION: SOLIDARITY By Timothy Garton Ash.
Because of the water content of reduced-calorie margarines, they cannot readily be substituted for regular margarine or butter in baking since the lower fat content is likely to produce tough baked goods.
Before he died in 1948, he wrote more than 18 books, including ''The Four Feathers.''
A September wedding is planned.
''The only anxiousness was the group's concern as to whether they were, in fact, expected to become a part of the political deliberations in the State of New Jersey.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Last year, after winning the Italian Open and reaching the quarterfinals in Paris, Arias had a ready-made excuse to skip Wimbledon: a pulled stomach muscle.
Afterward, Walsh gave the game ball to Trinidad, who in turn presented it to Bill Rojas, the school's former principal, who said last season that, as long as he was principal, Washington would never play an A division game.
The Democrats have sought to make a campaign issue of his failure to do so and of the fact that the last three years' deficits have totaled $481.3 billion.
''Artist in the Studio: In Pursuit of the Muse,'' also painted in ''naive'' perspective, puts him stark naked on a strongly striped floor, head, torso and limbs severed, surrounded by nails, brushes and paint tubes.
There are also a network of liquor stores that are not particular about seeing I.D.
He hopes to get into the military intelligence branch, which he said ''would be more useful than the infantry in the real world.''
THE PUFFIN DO IT YOURSELF BOOK.
Even a one-minute loss of power can turn off the fans that cool computers, causing overheating, the experts said.
Mr. von B"ulow was convicted of twice trying to murder his wife, Martha, with insulin injections.
The White House spokesman replied that once the Democrats agreed to bipartisan negotiations, ''everything in the budget is on the table.''
The credit markets rallied for the second day, as investors showed surprising interest in the Treasury's $5.5 billion auction of 7-year notes, which carried a yield of 13.83 percent.
Some of most pathetic scenes were at the state-run Gandhi College Hospital.
Still, a nice piece, worth doing for its lyricisms and the opportunities it gives for pointed, sometimes virtuosic playing.
Admission to the monument is free on the west side of town; the eastern section on Old Spanish Trail charges $1 per vehicle fr its scenic loop drive.
The Alta Badia region in northern Italy, 50 miles from the Brenner Pass to Austria, consists of five Tyrolean villages in the towering Dolomites.
But the Archbishop denied the existence of a formal group pushing for diplomatic ties.
Alan Sive, regional manager of real-estate investments for Metropolitan Life in New York, commented that ''Phelps has an extraordinary ability to get leases in a fairly soft market.
A source familiar with the negotiations later said the total was $8.6 million.
When she was accepted there, he arranged for the Great Neck Record, the local weekly, to run her photograph.
Mr. Leone is also president of MCO Holdings Inc., a Los Angeles-based company engaged in real estate development; natural resource exploration and production, and gas transmission and processing.
A bigoted yet lovable religious man has his faith tested in a series of tribulations in a variety of alternate worlds.
''It is important that we improve the rail line we have now,'' he said, ''but as for trying to push on to Bluefields, that is something quite different.
''It's about a kid who turned around his life,'' Goodman said.
''Whatever investor enthusiasm that had been built up during Monday's 11-point gain vanished by today following ITT's unexpectedly steep dividend reduction.''
Energy experts said the decline indicated a growing unwillingness by producers to search for gas unless an area is known to contain reserves.
Lovers, for example, are bathed in golden light.
ANYONE buying a single-family house or a condominium before it is completed can usually choose from a list of extras that the builder or developer is willing to provide at additional cost.
Mr. Anthony chose to work nights so he could keep an eye on his boys during the day.
''Now that I dabble a bit in playwriting, I find it is an even greater challenge to write a good play, but who can dare call himself a playwright after Strindberg?
If the Yankees succeed in signing the record!holding base-stealer, they will give the A's five players.
There was little sentiment for such a compromise right now, even among the ''prags.''
Since the opening of the Prudhoe Bay oilfields and pipeline, North Slope's tax base has allowed it to undertake a huge capital spending program on behalf of its 11,000 inhabitants and to issue more than $1 billion of long-term bonds.
Heart of New York May 15 - Co-founder with George Balanchine in 1935 of the New York City Ballet, Lincoln Kirstein remains at age 77 a major force in ballet.
''We have gone through this inside and out, and are absolutely convinced that we have a firm legal and moral position,'' he said.
''But it wasn't until the interpreter said that they were paying for us to go that we were really sure.''
Many of the Democrats said keeping the tolls would eliminate the need for such a sharp increase in taxes.
Mr. Solarz's district, unlike Mr. Owens's, has relatively few illegal aliens, Mr. Solarz said.
Indoors they're confined to one small room; outside their playground is a crowded, perhaps dangerous street.
He is very popular with the Yugoslavs, an affection that dates to his days as an embassy economics officer in Belgrade in 1963.
A ball in a yard with a dog is out, but if a dog on the street takes the ball while it's in play, play is dead.
What seemed to count were his heroes, strong frontiersmen and Indians who epitomized bravery, goodness and wisdom.
I will be that President.
He said he was alarmed at the tone of the call and referred them to a child psychiatrist.
Elaborating on his analysis of the same site, Mr. Vick unveiled a second, more striking photo, about two feet on a side, taken in December 1983 by space shuttle astronauts.
Stricter Dress Code In the Baltimore case, the Justice Department accused the defendants of following ''a policy and practice of denying to blacks the use and enjoyment of the facilities and services on the same basis as such services and facilities are provided to white members of the general public by engaging in unlawful acts.''
''High tech'' industry receives a good deal of publicity as the job provider of the future.
Nevertheless, many individuals would find their tax bills little changed or even higher, despite the lower rates, because the plan eliminates or curtails many deductions, exemptions and credits.
But others said the report demonstrated the military's reluctance to proceed with the prosecutions and called for the civilian courts to assume jurisdiction.
Miss Gillard, who is about 60 years old, works in Addis Ababa as a publications designer for the International Livestock Center for Africa.
The cover story on the issue of Time magazine that came out Monday concerns the 40th anniversary of D-Day.
The bus, which was returning to Public School 253 after a skating trip, ran off the road at Ocean Parkway and Neptune Avenue at 2:35 P.M., the police said All the injured were treated at Coney Island Hospital and released.
''You only want to consider domestic migration,'' Mr. Beale said, and the researchers ''failed to notice that the two kinds of migration had been lumped together.''
Unfortunately, unpublished questions cannot be answered individually.
''When I turned on the game, the Redskins were already ahead, 17-0.''
Mr. Davis said the advantage of the new corporation for the four utilities would be to spread the debt financing beyond the utilities' shareholders.
For diversion, Mrs. Clymer recalls ''always'' writing chldren's books - actually, she began at the age of 6 - but not having them published.
White House aides say the main reasons for Mr. Reagan's popularity are the economic expansion and the President's continuing ability to project an image of leadership and statesmanship.
Mr. Palmer made only passing reference to trade and blamed the Soviet Union for the deterioration in relations between the two countries.
He said Mr. Mondale ''offers the biggest single tax increase in our history.''
Mike McCallum, who was nicknamed The Body Snatcher by his former sparring partner, Thomas Hearns, joined Hearns as a world 154- pound boxing champion last night at Madison Square Garden.
Despite massive abstentions at polling in the past two weeks for the nonwhite chambers in the changed legislature, the white architects of Mr. Botha's plan showed no intention of being deflected from implanting a system that critics assert entrenches the notion of government by racial distinction.
But until now, the ''watchdogs'' have had to rely on incomplete records and their memories to tell them when subtle changes had been made on designated landmarks.
Everybody's kids knew where we were - right there on the block.
We can do it, it's an exciting mission.
After a weekend of confusion and conflicting reports about which public schools in New Jersey would not open as scheduled because of asbestos removal, the state's Education Department issued a revised list tonight.
Mr. Macklin said a shortage of judges was a problem in most of the nation's Federal district courts.
The sheep keep the treeless landscape cropped short and produce the traditional colors of Fair Isle sweaters - white, cinnamon, black adn gray.
That was shortly after Mrs. Stake completed the first draft of her investigation into the child-abuse cases.
Only 13,000 such units have been built nationally since 1967, according to J. S. Fuerst, a professor of social work at Loyola University who has studied public housing.
Bruce Wasserstein, co-director of the First Boston Corporation's merger and acquisition group, said in hearings in March that the proposals before the commission ''lack bite.''
The first observation to be made, then, about the Morley exhibition that is at Xavier Fourcade, 36 East 75th Street, through May 5, is that the three large paintings that really are the show - there are also 11 works on paper - seem as solid and convincing as anything he has done.
I would have respected him more if he had just walked by me with his head up and ignored me.
The students took part in a lively discussion of that question, all the time encouraged in their answers by Mrs. Altman's remarks: ''Wonderful!''
These strategists point out, for example, that the dire reports surrounding Mr. Glenn's campaign have come before any of the candidates has had a legitimate political test before the voters.
Knowing that the veil could never be totally removed, but still determined to try, he went through regular bouts of frustration and rage that could provoke him to break or throw out work.
If your interest is more narrowly lexicographical and directed to neologisms, add on The Barnhart Dictionary Companion, which slips behind a few months occasionally but is still ahead of the dictionaries on new words (four issues, $50; Lexik House, P.O.
''People fake murder,'' he said, ''because of an insurance policy, they might feel it would disgrace the family, there are religious reasons, social reasons.''
In addition to providing the sort of ride that Ford wanted by constantly changing the spring rate, it automatically levels the car every time that side-to-side or front-to-rear loads change.
General Manager Jack McCloskey of the Detroit Pistons says they have reduced their contract offer to Kelly Tripucka , their star free-agent forward.
The French Get All Choked Up In France, misery seems to love company.
's Michigan Panthers, had recuperated well enough from a sprained ankle to be in on 38 plays in Saturday night's game.
''Outrageous,'' said Paul Salazar, a regular listener, ''He was outrageous but smart, you know?
The answer is that fundamentally those museums are private fiefs.
Capital goods orders, also subject to increasing foreign competition, will be critical to the pace of economic activity in coming months, given Mr. Shilling's prediction that ''the capital spending boom is over.''
''Doubtless,'' he asserts, ''the fees paid to the New York Port Authority (for on-peak flying) would be recouped from the passengers flying, say, to and from Omaha and Milwaukee.''
As directed by Lloyd Richards, each institution nurtures the other; students have an opportunity to observe and to take part in productions in various capacities as actors and designers.
In the the restoration, they gutted the building and replaced two exterior white brick walls with dark red brick.
But the National Press Building, in the course of an exhaustive renovation now nearing completion, is retaining an old architectural ornament amid its modern office space to commemorate a downtown monument, the Fox Theater.
Ideas Said to Have Circulated The officials who originally provided information about the proposals said today that the ideas had circulated among top officials at the State Department, the White House, the Defense Department and the C.I.A.
King Hussein, in a toast at a state banquet, said her visit ''crowns the friendly relations between our two peoples and will be treasured for a long time to come.''
The day after his speech, which was broadcast from the East Room to audiences in the United States and Europe, Mr. Reagan told reporters that he thought the reaction to the address had been ''reasonably all right.''
Miss Chin needed Miss Zayak to finish second, ahead of Miss Sumner, today to gain the over-all title.
Mr. Mondale's postdebate campaigning will take him by jet across the industrial crescent in an effort to halt the apparent erosion in what had not too long ago been considered his political base.
For example, while New York State is contracting, New Hampshire's population is projected to grow by 70 percent.
Thanks to a new state law that allows New York State wines to be sold at farmers' markets, all the items necessary to sustain life are now available at 9 of the city's 23 Greenmarkets.
''People want to see home runs.
Many of the pen pals sent pictures and the children passed them from desk to desk.
Despite protests from the unions and sporadic violence, Mr. Calvet cut 11,500 of the company's 135,000 jobs and helped trim its 1983 losses to 2.5 billion francs from 3.8 billion francs in 1982.
The problems stemmed primarily from loans the bank had made to the oil industry.
Ozone, a corrosive form of oxygen, occurs when chemical compounds produced by automobile engines or coal-burning furnaces react with sunlight in the air.
The others in the field are Mallorca, a stablemate of and pace-setter for Life's Magic; Wild Applause, fourth in the Acorn and third in the Mother Goose; Class Play, a stakes winner on the grass, and Mile High Lady.
And lastly, the auto union has a new president, Owen F. Bieber, who is out to prove his mettle.
This is the time for courage and optimism.
Mr. JACKSON: It would be determined, based upon where our national interests were threatened.
''If this bill passes, we've add a fourth 'R' to the curriculum of our schools - reading, writing, 'rithmetic and religion,'' said Representative Charles E. Schumer, the Brooklyn Democrat.
A Ponzi scheme is a term for a fraudulent operation in which investors are paid with funds raised from other investors.
Knickerbocker Toy, a manufacturer of stuffed toys and Raggedy Ann dolls, was bought by Hasbro in November 1982.
Many of these workers were buoyant and more than a little defiant after 47 days on the picket line.
9 65 WARDAY, by Whitley Strieber and James W. Kunetka.
QUESTION: In 1927, the year Babe Ruth hit 60 home runs, how many home runs were hit in the American League and the National League?
OLYMPICS SEOUL ORGANIZING COMMITTEE - Signed agreement making Eastman Kodak sponsor for all photographic products and services other than 35-millimeter cameras.
The book is best read not at one sitting but chapter by chapter - ''The Courthouse,'' ''The Library,'' ''The Cemetery'' - on Sunday afternoons, a time that in early 20th-century Xenia was ''still intolerably dull - desert intervals spaced regularly along a road through country otherwise rich in diversion.''
There were, for example, the remains of a new species of bat and a new type of hare.
Mr. Johnson said the most elaborate plan would probably include a football-baseball stadium with a retractable inflatable dome and an arena for hockey and basketball.
''There's no substitute for experience,'' said Crennel.
Monitoring Radio The United States intelligence officials would not discuss the information sources they used to observe the Teheran hijacking, other than to confirm that certain radio frequencies had been monitored.
The appointment of Mr. Lance, the chairman of the Georgia Democratic party and an unpopular figure with some national party leaders, immediately sparked protest among convention delegates and some key Mondale backers.
That was a modest response to the nation's vast but dimly understood problem with toxic waste dumping.
''What we would really like is to get a commitment from them to work for us for four or five years.''
Everbright put down a $6 million deposit on the deal last January.
It is risky to romanticize life in the mill towns and rural villages of this land - because you will, in your rosy haze, overlook some of the inevitable mean feelings and cretinous deeds that exist there, too.
One is that a decline in oil prices would reduce inflationary pressures in the short run, Mr. Nelson said.
's constituency is never analyzed.
Operaworks will give a series of performances through Oct. 13 - of the Davies opera, of Mozart's ''Nozze di Figaro'' plus an evening of Jean Genet and George Crumb.
People begin to destroy you.''
The Dow Jones industrial average lost 24.19 points, the most in 15 months, ending at 1,156.30.
I can't remember who the commencement speaker was or what he said in his lengthy address.
Rather, by one who combines in her being the masculine with the feminine.
In the first debate, Mr. Mondale probably got back the core Democrats, which could get him up to 45 percent of the popular vote in the general election.
Customer deposits are fowarded by K Mart to the Standard Federal Savings and Loan Association of Troy, Mich., where K Mart is also based.
''The death squads must disappear forever to prove our determination to combat them and our faith in the democratic process,'' Defense Minister Vides Casanova said in November.
After 1985, the deficit projections show no major decline for two years, with projections of $177.1 billion in 1986 and $180.5 in 1987.
- Promise students that they will be picked up with no questions asked if they have too much to drink at graduation parties.
Then came the clamping of virtual martial law on the Punjab; the raid on the Golden Temple on June 6, in which terrorist leaders died, and the mutiny by Sikh soldiers that was part of a wider protest against the raid by many Sikhs.
Despite Mr. Golden's conciliatory words toward Mr. Fink, some politicians may believe the Speaker has lost a fight.
The rise of the goonda has paralleled the decline of Indian political party organizations - most notably the Congress Party, which led the country to independence from Britain in 1947.
But state officials guard their prerogatives in setting rules about how the information they gather can be shared either with law enforcement agencies or with the public.
''People who had a lot to do with putting the drug deals together are out of Everglades City,'' he said.
Save room for the city's best cannoli.
Coastal, a Dallas-based oil refining and marketing company, said the purchases had been authorized because the current market price was ''substantially less'' than the underlying value of the shares.
A senior international monetary official said tonight that Economics Minister Bernardo Grinspun of Argentina was sending a ''technical mission'' to Washington later this week to continue negotiations with the International Monetary Fund about his country's debt.
Mr. Cranston answered gamely, but not to much purpose.
Tonight, he urged an ecumenical group to ''engage in efforts of joint collaboration to promote a more just and peaceful world.''
The composer wrote that he enclosed an engraved portrait of himself.
''It is possible to raise an issue like that 10 times under the normal procedure, and an unlimited number of times if a senator really wants to raise it.
Nevertheless, none of the schools offered any programs, services or scholarships aimed at students in this category.
He quotes Walt Kelly's Pogo: ''We have met the enemy and he is us.''
*Put the beets in a large saucepan and add the broth and water.
On the runways, though, jeans are shown in the most exciting way in seasons.
In addition, a limited number of U.S. military personnel (equipped with personal weapons for self-defense) will remain to provide military training and security assistance liaison to the Lebanese armed forces.
The Soviet Olympic Committee said in Moscow that an anti-Soviet campaign was building around the Summer Games in Los Angeles.
Open 7 A.M. to 1 P.M., 4 P.M. to 7:30 P.M. and Sunday 9 A.M. to 1 P.M. Closed Monday.
'' When she first began working in the villages, some people viewed her - an unmarried woman - with deep suspicion.
He said he would look into whether Senate Republicans were right in saying that Mr. Cuomo was sitting on a $434 million surplus.
Carol Nelson of the TriBeCa Community Association said that a new Shearson Lehman/American Express project between West and Greenwich Streets led to ''pressures being exerted on this community that didn't exist a month ago.''
Such a showing would send Mr. Mondale ''limping,'' as one supporter put it, into a convention where the party rules will allow for a high degree of volatility.
For the new restaurant owner, one just starting to build a cellar, the answer is to steer away from old vintages and to invest whatever money is available in wines for current drinking and in good current vintages that will age.
It was the first time a Chinese leader has been quoted as endorsing nuclear weapons in Western Europe.
Surimi-based products are having a decided impact on the food service industry and they are appearing with increasing frequency in retail fish markets, in supermarkets and in restaurant preparations.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Aides for the two sides are to begin discussing arrangements next week.
The relevant consideration, as the N.F.L.
Comer S. Coppie, executive director of the state Financial Control Board, the city's chief fiscal monitor, expressed concern that thousands of new workers were proposed at a time when the labor settlement was uncertain.
Nonetheless, an idea of Mr. Bujones's fine dancing and of the choreography, based on Mary Skeaping's staging, does come through.
''The basic taste is the same,'' he said, ''but it's impossible to describe the nuances.''
''Adios a los Padres'' is a vignette of a summer vacation spent by a Mexico City university student back at his parents' home in Los Mochis, a small town on Mexico's northern Pacific coast.
The last chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers, Martin S. Feldstein, is back at his posts at Harvard and the National Bureau of Economic Research, still singing his sad songs.
Nearly every manufacturer now offers high-grade formulations that treat the head with exquisite gentleness.
The United Nations began a new attempt today to mediate a settlement between Afghanistan and Pakistan that would call for the departure of Soviet forces from Afghan territory.
The game was the regular-season finale for both teams.
National IntergroupNational Intergroup achieved its turnaround with a net income of $24.6 million, or $1.02 a share, in the second quarter, against a $99.2 million loss in the second quarter of 1983.
The state grant that paid for Operation Success runs out this spring, but Mr. Quinones has decided to continue the program - with a profound difference.
They are giving up more yards now than they did earlier, and that puts a strain on an offense that is already working at peak efficiency.
There are those who will use the pen and those who will patiently seek to get the oppressor to oppress less.
''India has a facade democracy.
Elizabeth Emanuel, who with her husband, David, designed the wedding dress of the Princess of Wales, wore black sequined knickers.
''This isn't the type of town that appeals to day-trippers,'' Mrs. Cummings said.
Pratt & Whitney Aircraft said it was laying off 370 non-production workers and recalling 200 production workers.
Hatfield is 'Itchy' ''I got a little itchy that they weren't bringing into focus any action,'' said Mr. Hatfield.
All of the performances by the adult actors are good, but they seem to have been encouraged - at least partly by the script - never to let well enough alone.
His testimony was interrupted twice when he became too weak to respond.
AID officers who've worked in a country before and made the usual adjustment mistakes will discuss them and how they can be avoided.''
f813 PAWTUCKET, R.I. - In a coffee shop on Main Street, a resident of this overwhelmingly Catholic city hesitated before offering an opinion on the American Roman Catholic bishops' pastoral letter on the economy.
Moreover, there is an after-the-fall tenor about the work that implies the decline of a civilization rather than its bright pagan dawn.
These incomprehensible numbers represent the loss to American producers of enormous markets for goods here and abroad.
It can be less of a problem in a huge family like the Kennedys, where numbers make it easier to be one kind of Kennedy or another.
''He's a great fighter, one of the best,'' Gonzales said.
''To err is human, to forgive divine,'' Mayor Koch said last week.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
has described as a ''strategic relationship'' between the auto maker and the Silicon Valley concern.
JAMES TOBIN, professor of economics at Yale University, Doctor of Laws.
The result might be a charge for a call you did not make.
He seemed like one of those curious searchers after forbidden sensations, like Oscar Wilde.
The oldest winner of an Open was Ted Ray, who won in 1920 at 43.
When Flatley and LaFontaine joined the club, he thought about introducing himself as: ''Hello, I'm history.''
To the Editor: The Times joins former Ambassador Dillon in asking, of the recent tragedy in Lebanon, ''How could it happen again?''
What has made this influx all the more apparent is that it comes at a time when American fertility is nearly as low as it has ever been, 50 percent below the peak of the baby boom 25 years ago.
Judge Werker was also involved in cases that charged bias against minorities.
The Federal Environmental Protection Agency recently decided to intervene in the dispute, saying the state's decision to grant two permits allowing the development of 1,500 acres of wetlands could open the way to development of thousands of additional acres.
On June 4 he brought his family to settle here and a month later, after living briefly in transient guest quarters at the base, rented the home in Marina.
Surely it is a good idea to prevent the Soviet forces in the forward area from growing any further, is it not?
They have performed in 78 playoff games, winning 60, over the stretch.
''But, if we're going to win this thing, the Phillies are the team to beat.
But there are drawbacks, too.
MICHAEL WINERIP The temporary suspension by the New York State Education Department of the Yonkers school sports program last week does not signal a new, more active role for the state in policing high school athletics, state education officials say.
''The reason for it is there are international unions within the A.F.L.- C.I.O.
For the Yankees, the game was the 10th in their last 16 that was decided in the winners' last time at bat.
Mr. and Mrs. Arthur H. Solomon of New York have announced the engagement of their daughter Jane Wolins Solomon to Steven Todd Siegel, a son of Mr. and Mrs. Norman Siegel, also of New York.
Brodhead is less than impartial.
Mogul would often drive to his home for consultations; and Adam spent many evenings at Dr.
The park looks like a way station for the rootless.
They started when Ron Gardenhire singled to left and took second when Gerald Perry booted the ball.
The construction will snarl traffic in a city experts have said is already choking on its own traffic.
Benglis's knots, ribbons, bows, dresses, flowers, shells and heroic Greek female images straddle many worlds.
For the same reason, the Bears raise Texas longhorns on the family ranch a few miles north of town.
He was a director of First Boston Inc. from March 1976 until April 1982, when he was named a consultant.
From 1967 to 1974 he was president of the Manhattan Shirt Company.
Support From Teammates ''I know logic doesn't always determine these things,'' Staub said yesterday.
But Mary Frances Berry, another commissioner, speaking at the same news conference, said: ''The Civil Rights Commission has become a twin of the civil rights division of the Justice Department, and the bank of justice, as Martin Luther King used to say, is now bankrupt.
''That wasn't Benedict Arnold,'' said the boy.
East Germans of working age who apply for emigration must show that there are humanitarian reasons for emigrating, such as joining relatives in West Germany.
Chico Borja, Stan Terlecki and Andrew Parkison had two goals each for the Cosmos, with Steve Moyers and Gerry Gray getting the other two.
He neither idolizes Merton's formidable talents nor exploits his glaring weaknesses.
''In my case,'' she said, ''the volume of my voice must be suppressed and then brought back into balance with the ensemble.''
''The Soviets are able to operate with virtual impunity in the air, which, given the fact that perhaps 80 percent of all Soviet combat and logistics operations depend on air, virtually precludes any significant and lasting Mujahedeen military gains.''
Worsening the problem is the high cost of maintaining the proper controls at such an installation.
Mr. Kellner said Disney's offering price was in line with current values in the greeting card industry.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Over the last six reserve accounting periods, banks have borrowed an average of $971 million from the Fed, excluding extended loans to troubled institutions.
''The board and the sponsor are improving the building on our backs.
''All administrations periodically produce appointees who are more eager to manage their assets than their agencies.
In Eric Fis chl's painting, with its emphasis on narrative imagery, commonly focused on contemporary erotic themes, the debt to Beckmann is more explicit, perhaps, than elsewhere.
Think of the anxiety and depression that would grip New Yorkers if they didn't have this circus to watch.
(There are also two grandchildren, but my mother, who dislikes stereotypes, tends to downplay that attraction.)
It is felt that his wide experience in government will be one of the strongest assets he will bring to the job.
''They just bought a new house, and she wants to be more secure.''
* Firstar Corp., and Marine Corp., both of Milwaukee, said they had agreed in principle to merge the two bank holding companies.
Judith Briles, president of Briles & Associates, a management consulting and financial planning firm in Palo Alto, Calif., and author of ''Money Phases,'' contends that the uncertain future of the nation's Social Security system should be an impetus for opening and maintaining an I.R.A.
WHILE ''literary'' fiction was becoming more abstract and more concerned with interior realities, the mystery story grew increasingly muscle-bound with plot.
I saw so much option I was seeing it in my sleep.''
The Eastern Shore was fertile ground for the plan, Mr. Nichols continued.
Part-Time Player In a part-time role during the 1983 N.F.L.
The perfect launching of the three communications payloads by Discovery's crew in a sense throws down the gauntlet to competing commercial space transportation systems offered by groups in Europe and Asia, as well as the Soviet Union.
Although Terzi's most important allies at the United Nations are the Arabs, it is they who are causing his problems now.
But when we encounter cases in which laws are violated or cases of political subversion using religion as a front, we act in accordance with the precepts of the Constitution.
'I Was Fooling Them' ''Sure, I was fooling them,'' the short, dark-haired legislator said, leaning forward on the witness stand.
''They'll come over to you and whisper, 'You must be a spring too,' '' she said.
But from the very first, I said we will never send our men any place where they will not be allowed to defend themselves if they come under attack, and that recently has happened, and they have been defending themselves.''
Earlier this week, Robert Lee, the acting state athletic commissioner, confirmed that he was under investigation by the F.B.I., the United States Attorney's office, the Internal Revenue Service, the State Commission of Investigation, and the Executive Commmission on Ethical Standards.
Instead, when he emerged from the Army in 1960, he joined Chase Manhattan Bank in New York and went through its executive training program.
Max Gallo, the Cabinet spokesman, said the group was ordered dissolved because its ''avowed objective is to damage the national territorial integrity.''
The construction of the Nine Mile Point 2 nuclear power plant at Scriba, N.Y., is hampered by poor management and inadequate quality control, a Federal Nuclear Regulatory Commission audit released today said.
It is this simple, sensible viewpoint, translated into wearable clothes, that makes the Klein clothes look progressive at a time when fashion everywhere often looks too gussied-up, when fabrics are tortured into gathers, when colors seem to shriek and prints are aggressive.
He edited the Periscope and Business sections before being named executive editor in 1955.
''Everyone'' included Lillian Gish, Patricia Neal, Natalia Makarova, Bernadette Peters, Lucie Arnaz, Laurence Luckinbill, Bobby Short, Mildred Natwick, Mark Hamill, Rita Gam, Maureen Stapleton, Dick Cavett, Jane Powell, Beverly Sills, Arlene Dahl, Jean Marsh, David Hockney, Arlene Francis, Jack Gilford, Mary Rodgers and Hermione Gingold, who was somewhat startled when a hefty table lamp fell on her as she sat on the sofa.
''We believe that Phoenix is involved in transferring weaponry technology to the People's Republic of China,'' said John O'Hara, special agent for the Customs Service.
At Mission Control, Brian Welch, a public affairs officer, announced, ''Joe Allen now qualified as the first human in history to hold a 1,200-pound communications satellite over his head for one trip around the world.''
Our voice consultant insists that when audiences cheer the tenor as he hits the B or optional C at the end of ''Di quella pira'' they are cheering a belter.
The last concert in the series will be on March 25.
''A union has to tailor-make the pressures it puts on the company to the economics of the situation,'' said Mark L. Kahn, chairman of the graduate program in industrial relations at Wayne State University in Detroit.
Laurence Connelly tell them: ''To those who measure life by production, this life was a total and complete waste.
While the public was charting the contest between the Vice-Presidential candidates, there was an even keener one going on behind the scenes.
In addition, there were new coaches for the offensive line, defensive line, receivers and running backs.
''If we develop a larger audience for classical music it is a dividend, but that is not the goal,'' said Mark Schubart, director of the institute.
To young players like Buck Williams and Albert King, it meant that after three seasons of frustration they have learned how to handle the differences between the playoffs and the regular season.
Markets Stocks soared in very heavy trading as investors were heartened by economic indicators showing the economy is moderating.
Alarmed scientific and academic leaders protested.
Then, he added, Republican Administrations proceeded to alienate these voters with ''tried and true Republican ecnomics'' that ''create the impression of not caring about the little guy and being for the rich.''
Byrd, Lagniappe and Commonwealth all produced less than 1,000 cases of their particular award winner.
Leadership is taking the risk of putting specific ideas out in the public arena knowing full well that your opponent can take a shot at those.
Forsyte's explanation was valid under the laws of Victorian England: in his relations with his wife, he was ''The Man of Property.''
''They're impressive,'' Strang said yesterday from University Park, Pa. ''For our offense to beat them, we have to play the game of the year.
Why risk populated or ecologically fragile coasts, they say, when oil is available elsewhere?
On average, the musicals fill 50 to 75 percent of the theater's 500-seat capacity, Mr. Hodge said.
The question is: How are we going to do it and who is going to pay the bill?''
''Then a meeting is held among the Speaker and the Assembly leaders 72 hours before we adopt the final budget at which all these items are reviewed, and any programs we feel could raise objections or would not be correct to put in the budget are dropped from the list.''
Then somebody comes in and says for Keith Hernandez, and I'm over there helping Neil pack, saying, 'Hey, Neil, I hate to see you go, but .
''He feels exclusivity could be stricken down in a court of law.''
Mr. Buscetta's side appeared to be more wary of political killings than the victorious Greco family and its allies.
The Georgia Labor Department worker, Nancy Brown, was also fined $2,000 and placed on probation four years.
In addition, they are in the city, close to their families.
Another factor to consider is the location of the tailor.
R. Foster Winans, a former reporter for The Wall Street Journal, may have fallen into the same net.
''My skin just has to change color,'' he said, stretching out on a blue beach chair.
Two former officials of the General Dynamics Corporation lost bids yesterday to keep their Swiss bank account records from being made public at the trial of an executive charged with bribing them.
Chet Simmons, the commissioner of the U.S.F.L., also attended the meeting.
To neat and tidy minds, the honest answer is to cut out all this ''secret war'' and ''covert action'' talk, and make a decision whether or not to declare war.
The bureau said that increase is about average for the industry.
13% Spending Drop Projected In its new analysis, the Office of Management and Budget said Federal spending on national and local public works rose 102 percent from 1962 to 1980, when it reached a peak of $32.7 billion.
Remember the criticism it received in 1980 after deciding to include, then exclude, John B. Anderson in one Presidential debate.
WEST ORANGE EARLY last fall, Frank Woodson Jr., at 6 feet 1 inch and 185 pounds, had the lean build of a wide receiver or a pitcher.
We are criticizing all donor countries.
''I wouldn't like to blame the result on it, because he played fantastically.''
''The question was how to do it.''
Based in Lakewood, Ohio, Scott & Fetzer produces World Book Encyclopedias, Kirby vacuum cleaners and other products.
and a conduit for financing foreign operations.
The $532.6 billion level for M-l - which comprises currency plus checking accounts- during the latest week was within the Fed's l984 growth target of 4 percent to 8 percent.
The singing may be pretty, but at the price of true musical theater.
When the senior Pembrokes (Julie Cobb and James Widdoes) suddenly have to go out that evening, Charles is forced to have his big date at home where he has to cope with Lila and her mischievous young brothers.
He moved to South Africa 10 years ago, perfected his game there and came to the United States four years ago.
''Going this way and that way.
''We expect to have one million circulation a year from now,'' Mrs. Cohen said, noting that by then the advertising cost per thousand for a four-color page should be $29.
Similarly, a draft report by the G.A.O., the investigative arm of Congress, found that the military exercises were ''designed to establish Honduran- U.S.
And that, they say, means concentrating on facts, not on grisly images of twisted metal.
We are knee-high in people who have acquired the necessary tools and skills and yet the scarcity of important musical work has never been greater.
Looking at the coffin, Archbishop O'Connor said first in Spanish, then in English, ''Here we have nobility at its finest.''
The driver of a United States mail truck was charged with careless driving today after his tractor-trailer slammed into a disabled bus on the New Jersey Turnpike, the state police said.
The agents who booked not only the clubs but the mountains as well, jockeying to get their singers and comics and dancers on the same bill with a hot headliner, fellows such as Jimmy Mark, Henry Stern, Jack Segal, Charlie Rapp, Shelly Rothman and Johnny Pransky might be there too, according to Mr. Pransky, who has been an agent since 1928.
Two years later, he married Rosemary Sullivan, who had been his secretary.
But the Nets regained their edge with two straight successful breaks and took a 71-66 lead into the final period.
Frequently several black families would be moved out to make way for two people or, sometimes, for two or three floor-through flats for office workers in the new San Francisco.
The instruction booklet offer 11 scenarios.
Mrs. Bernard later withdrew from the race to become the Liberal Party candidate for Family Court in Rockland County.
For those parties where even a rhinestone-dotted sweater is not sufficiently dressy, Adolfo offers such diverse choices as sleeveless short dresses with flounces at the hem that he advocates for dancing and black and white confections in polka dots and sequin-embroidered lace that practically come with a guarantee to dazzle.
Most of the accusations that were investigated by the three prosecutors' offices were referred to them last March by the city's Investigation Commissioner, Patrick W. McGinley.
The tones were selected to blend with the masonry of the church on the adjacent parcel, St. John Vianney.
The result is that many institutions have standing ethics committees that are quick to investigate charges and hand down stern verdicts.
When he and his family came to the United States more than a decade ago so he could study at the Stanford Business School, they were delighted by the taste of American ice cream.
Several others are owned by American Central Airlines, the Iowa-based commuter carrier that was grounded Saturday by the F.A.A.
Mr. Acker, 54, has headed Pan Am since September 1981, when he joined the financially shaky airline after making a success of Air Florida.
Little movement is likely before the American election, but if the Israelis complete their long-promised austerity plan, the added aid may be arranged later.
Besides limiting the use of special guises, the guidelines also list other undercover situations that must be presented to headquarters for approval.
''Entre Nous'' is not a movie-as- short story.
In the Bridgeport Diocese, the trend has been even more dramatic.
The pressures and intrigues, the escalating moves and countermoves of playoff basketball, can be likened to those of a poker game.
Environmental groups reply that recycling might be achieved by legislation as well as technology.
Next I would prohibit the sale of Krugerrands into the United States.
Jerzy Popieluszko, was indicted on charges of abusing religious freedom and storing explosives and underground literature in his Warsaw apartment.
''Put your briefs upon the shelf,'' he intones.
She said she had also heard reports that members of the sect from outside of the county were coming to Wasco County to vote in the election Nov. 6.
But why didn't the C.I.A.
Later, Miss Navratilova and Pam Shriver won the doubles final from Wendy Turnbull and Sharon Walsh, 6-4, 6-1.
Miss MacLaine, however, was brimming with emotion.
Sitting under a tent the other day watching the horses leap barriers, the Countess recalled: ''Mason invited me to the first one in 1976 and I was incredibly impressed with the way it was done, the tables, the flowers.
Prince's production ends a bit mawkishly, with a child's painting of flowers sprouting all over the slats that surround the stage; but mostly the projections, the settings, the atmosphere and all else are more astringent and realistic.
The Long Arm Of the Parking Ticket The fear of New York City parking tickets reaches far.
They chose economics as the road toward unity.
All three Washington Squares are in their 20's, and all are veterans of new-wave bands.
There will also be an evening celebrating ''Living Legends'' - the saxophonist and composer Benny Carter and the saxophonist Illinois Jacquet.
It gave me an advantage.''
The White House has said any Central Intelligence Agency official ''involved in the development'' of the manual ''or approval of it'' will be dismissed.
But people were still high on their weekend, and when Mayor Dianne Feinstein said, ''I want to ask you one question: Do you feel welcome in San Francisco?''
Similarly, the Japanese craft tracking Halley's Comet will remain a respectful 125,000 miles away, taking pictures, while the heftier European and Soviet spacecraft will try to get as close to the comet as possible on potential suicide missions.
I shall try, however, to forgo the usual racing conceits, since he has been moving away from his usual race track settings and thoroughbreds make only a perfunctory appearance in ''The Danger,'' his new mystery/ thriller.
''We reciprocated that loyalty by not making the product available anywhere else.
Approximately 50 marching units and 35 floats are expected to take part in a 2 1/2-hour parade, which organizers anticipate will be viewed by 50,000 to 100,000 people, including Vice President George Bush, Governor O'Neill, and state's Congressional delegation.
In communities such as those described here, the local newspaper is often the town's soul as well as its primary source of news.
He was making his third start since being called up from Maine of the International League on May 23.
The opponents argue that the provisions may be used as instruments of trade protection.
Throughout the late paintings and etchings, Picasso seems both innocent and guilty, hunter and prey, both the warrior wielding a sword and the victim in the process of being stamped out by a marauding horse.
In 1974 the Metropolitan Transportation Authority in New York started Adopt-a-Station as a program in which private funds matched by public funds are used to clean up the subways.
The jurors have been deliberating since last Wednesday on charges that Mr. DeLorean, who is 59 years old, conspired to distribute 55 pounds of cocaine.
''Their first thought is that they'd like us to go away, but on second thought they use us,'' said E. Clinton Bamberger Jr., a professor at the University of Maryland Law School who is a member of the section's council.
Other Fed data published yesterday showed that business credit demands - which were rising sharply in the first half of the year - continue to moderate.
Van Ronk said: ''The folk music revival came along, and there I was with a guitar and a gravelly voice.
''They may score a few points on it,'' said Representative Trent Lott of Mississippi, the Republican whip.
From that perspective supertitles begin to group themselves with instant coffee and minute rice, one more symptom of our sorry-no- time-for-that age.
''Interest rates are already higher than the Fed expected,'' said William Griggs, an economist at Griggs & Santow, an advisory firm.
Then each individual's score in the team competition counts toward his individual point total.
N-K3; 29 N-N5, B-R3; 30 B-B4, heavy simplification followed yet left the challenger a pawn ahead after 39 QxP.
Mr. Alexander, a Redding resident, writer and speech instructor, put on the No"el Coward revue, ''Talent to Amuse,'' there last year.
A total of $2.3 million more was added to that between Jan. 1 and Oct. 17, according to Mr. Bradley's latest campaign finance statement.
According to Federal Government figures, those proven reserves have fallen from 15 billion barrels in 1954, when oil was less than $2 a barrel, to 7.6 billion in 1984, with oil at nearly $29 a barrel.
Secretary of State George P. Shultz sent the Soviet Union a message today meant to underscore that the United States had accepted a proposal to hold space-weapon talks in September, State Department officials said.
Brought to the United States in December 1945 under the secret Army intelligence program first known as ''Overcast'' and later ''Paperclip,'' Mr. Rudolph spent two years rebuilding V-2 systems at the White Sands Proving Ground in New Mexico.
It's the weakness of Odets's writing, not his play's subject or period, that makes ''Awake and Sing!''
In Aukar, they are former Phalangists; in West Beirut, they are former Druse and Shiite militiamen.
The document is said to be a statement of what Mr. Reagan will tell the Chinese leaders in Peking about American policy toward Taiwan.
There is little in his history to suggest why he was so blind to opportunities for compromise with the rebels or why he did not resign and return to Spain sooner when he knew the cause was lost.
Revenues for the year increased to $4.6 billion from $4.3 billion.
Original oak beams, casement windows, Dutch-style brickwork and fireplaces form a background for early 18th-century furnishings, Delft ware and household implements.
He graded his performance as a ''D,'' while he gave such competitors as Gallup ''an A plus.''
Land reform has worked well in Taiwan, for example, where yields of rice per acre dwarf corresponding American yields.
The future bride completed a residency in internal medicine at the Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore.
A national survey of 8,800 children 10 to 18 years old that was released last week by the Federal Government's Office for Disease Prevention and Health Promotion showed that youngsters are generally fatter today than children were in the mid-1960's; their heart-lung fitness lags behind that of most middle-aged joggers; fewer than half stay active when cold weather sets in, resulting in a winterlong decline in fitness, and few are learning in school to pursue activities that can improve fitness and become a permanent part of an active life.
We're going to get it, whether we like it or not.''
The girl, Mr. Joffe assured him, was a Thai who had been hired on location.
In an earlier game for third place, Illinois defeated Oregon, 75-72 in triple-overtime as Tom Schaefer of the Illini sank two foul shots with 31 seconds left.
I'm very high on them.''
What Mr. Reagan did not say, though, is that Social Security was never meant to deliver a fixed return to individuals.
In the new shops, the proprietors are young, live nearby and are working very, very hard to make a go of it.''
The goal spoiled a standout performance by the Devils' goaltender, Chico Resch, who kicked out 51 shots.
The grandmother said her daughter neglected the children but did not abuse them.
Mr. Hendler, formerly a partner in the Los Angeles law firm of Armstrong, Hendler & Hirsch, and one of the most prominent entertainment lawyers in town, became president.
''The clarity of the quilt squares and the exceptional folk art motifs - especially the black people depicted in the center row - make this the greatest quilt that has been offered at auction in our experience,'' said Kate Kopp, after the sale at which her husband, Joel, bought the quilt for their shop, America Hurrah, 766 Madison Avenue at 66th Street in New York City.
''We're sleeping on the floor.
General Motors is expected to decide soon whether to upgrade the plant or close it, laying off the remaining 2,500 workers.
Meagher's first goal came 36 seconds after Verbeek's for a 3-0 lead early in the last period.
''I do not have cancer.
The characters are the five Pandava brothers; their wife, Draupadi; Duryodhana, the oldest of the 101 Kauravas, who are cousins of the Pandavas; Duryodhana's brother Dussassana, and his uncle, Shakuni, a lion-whiskered 16th century version of a cardsharp.
A five-nation Western group that includes the United States has been trying unsuccessfully to help bring Namibia to independence.
But he said that changes approved by Congress this year were unacceptable because they ''would result in needless and wasteful litigation'' over attorneys' fees.
March 18, 1984Fiction 1 SEEDS OF YESTERDAY, by V. C. Andrews.
For Philadelphia, Moses Malone had 27 points, and Charles Barkley 18 points and 16 rebounds.
But when a correspondent asked for some objective evidence that such danger existed, none could be produced from the American side.
''Even after we started, our poor little first catalogue was so thin you could barely see it.''
''But it can be a considerable imposition on your upper-tax- bracket stockholders.''
Efforts to furnish it are under way.
In recent years, some medical schools have instituted programs in family practice.
Right on St. Armand's Circle is Cafe l'Europe, a sand-blasted brick restaurant thick with plants that patterns itself after New York's Sign of the Dove.
Kroger officials warned when the strike began that they would consider selling all the stores to independent grocers.
''The Fed is rightly concerned about the recession, which history may show began one or two quarters ago.''
Changes in the prices of the other stocks are compared with changes in the base and the difference is graphed.
What can I do so that the wall can be repapered?
Mr. Serban, best known as a theater director, but who has also directed ''Eugene Onegin'' and ''I Puritani'' for the Welsh National Opera, ''Traviata'' for Juilliard and ''Turandot'' at Covent Garden, spoke of ''abominable'' and ''dead'' operatic performing traditions which would never be tolerated in the theater.
India, the defending champion, and winner of eight Olympic gold medals, was eliminated from gold-medal contention today when it was held to a scoreless tie by West Germany.
To the Editor: With all the stir and hoopla now being devoted to registering new voters, perhaps a thought should be given to the care and nurturing of those already enrolled.
Thereafter, if all goes well, a plan should be ''certified'' by the Department of City Planning - which will be in touch with the consultants and the Port Authority throughout the process - for formal land-use review before Community Board 2, the Planning Commission and the Board of Estimate.
''There are two Irelands in history.
But it shows such a lack of fundamental understanding of how sea power works because you have to have a whole task force that goes with any carrier that gets out there.
Corti has some personal reasons for solving the case; he wants to nail a villain who has previously gotten away from him.
The growth of Meet the Composer has been dramatic: in 1974, its total budget was $66,000; this year, it is over $1 million.
Established in 1870, St. Mary's Hospital is the only nonprofit pediatric facility in the New York metropolitan area caring for children with severe handicaps or disabling or degenerative diseases.
Marcos's ConcessionsThe outcome of the May election could be crucial to Mr. Marcos, although his own tenure in office, which runs to 1987, will be unaffected.
In its diverse sumptuousness, it is the perfect finale for a promenade through Spain's royal splendors.
Holiday Inns' current financial health follows a decade of overdiversification, declining product quality, sagging profits and plummeting stock prices.
The principal item worth hunting for is coral, collected by the Ponzesi and crafted into beaded strands, pendants and earrings.
Mozart, he says, was murdered with a slow-acting poison by Franz Hofdemel, because Mozart was having an affair with Hofdemel's beautiful young wife, Maria Magdalena.
He loves fantasy, and when he writes about real life it's a role for him, a fantasy - he sees it from his bubble.''
Janet Maslin The Cast CORRUPT, directed by Roberto Faenza; screenplay by Ennio de Concini, Roberto Faenza, Hugh Fleetwood, based on the novel ''The Order of Death'' by Mr. Fleetwood; photography by Giuseppe Pinori; music by Ennio Morricone; produced by Elda Ferri in association with Jean Vigo and RAI; released by New Line Cinema.
A. C. Nelson prayed that the demonstration would ''shock'' the consciousness of business leaders into helping to stop oppression and starvation in Africa.
Because Steve's music is written with a Ravelian transparency, if it gets thickened too much it loses the wonderful interplay of lines.
Conviction on the perjury count would carry a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison and a $25,000 fine.
They are also there in the complex, vastly underrated romantic mystery, ''Mississippi Mermaid'' (1969) starring Catherine Deneuve, and in ''Shoot the Piano Player'' (1960), in which Charles Aznavour, who actually looks like Truffaut, goes through the film feeling guilty and denying himself the pleasures that accompany the sort of success that Truffaut suddenly achieved with ''The 400 Blows.''
He spent two years on an agricultural kibbutz, another two years in a Tel Aviv textile factory and three years in the army.
Those who did work found business slow.
Guerrilla War Since Independence The Savimbi group, the National Union for the Total Independence of Angola, called Unita, has been fighting a bush war against the Soviet-supported Marxist regime since the country gained independence from Portugal.
A settee attributed to Phyfe may sell for up to $150,000, according to Christie's estimate.
It was her record that Miss Mitchell broke, a score of 459-plus set at the 1983 National Sports Festival last summer.
Recovery teams today found the last of four bodies of coal miners killed when a slab of rock fell on them, but the workers had to run for safety when loose rock began falling around them.
I demolished the irresistible fish courses.
The present one makes it necessary.
The Reagan Administration opposed the bill on the ground that it set ''inappropriate limits'' on the authority of the Secretary of Health and Human Services to set such rates.
The reports seem consistent with a well-documented pattern of behavior by the police and armed forces in previous periods of civil strife.
Starting with two stores in 1951, his company, Lane Drugstores Inc., acquired the larger Peoples in 1976.
He predicted that the market would continue its advance, ''with the Dow average reaching the 1,200 to 1,220 level on this rally phase.''
But the Pavarotti voice in action was the whole show, and it did not disappoint.
''It obviously is going to be a factor,'' said Senator John H. Chafee, Republican of Rhode Island and the new chairman of the Senate Republican conference.
Armstrong relieved Dennis Rasmussen, who had held the Angels hitless for five innings.
I remember the times as less-complicated periods in my life because I lived in a world of school trips, summer vacations, allowances and Saturday matinees at the Hollywood, a movie theater.
''Such inconsistencies are a far cry from the major systemic defects'' that led the Court in 1972 to invalidate all existing state death penalty laws.
Thus, on 10 BxN, BxB; 11 NxN, PxN; 12 QxP, Q-N3!, neither 13 P-K5, R-Q1; 14 Q-R3, Q-K6ch; 15 K-N1, RxRch; 16 NxR, QxQ; 17 PxQ, nor 13 Q-Q3, R-N1; 14 P-QN3, R-Q1; 15 Q-B3, B-Q5 gives White any clear superiority.
Mortality Rate Cut by 50% The evaluation units also had a dramatic impact on the death rate.
I wouldn't be surprised to see him running as a unilateral disarmament candidate before the week is out.''
''Repeal of state and local tax deductibility, even as part of a comprehensive plan to reduce tax rates, would still constitute a massive tax increase for New Yorkers and would be exceedingly inequitable,'' Mr. Cuomo wrote.
In one, the youth is trout fishing with a girlfriend at Evergreen Lake in Boulder, Colo.
That deliciously radical idea, being sold on its virtue of simplicity, in reality stops a creeping encroachment on economic freedom: the Federal Government has been using the tax system more to affect social policy than to raise revenue.
International Expansion Planned Franchising retail branches is just one facet of First Interstate's aggressive efforts to reshape itself.
It may even be that one can't fully appreciate - until a second viewing - the true measure of the ingenuity of Mr. Spielberg, the director; of Lawrence Kasdan, who wrote the screenplay, and of the special-effects people.
Thompson, a defensive end from North Carolina, reported to the Colts' training camp six days late and is now asking for a trade.
There are no greens fees for guests of the five-star Penina Golf Hotel, a marble mansion with bath towels the size of putting greens and an excellent dining room.
For Luz Towns Miranda, the focus on ''what we have to do to be effective in our communities'' was particularly helpful.
As with others who essentially give their lives to the career of a creative artist, Diego was both sustained and stifled by Alberto.
It's been a long, long time.''
Only one or two trains have been running instead of the usual seven, Mr. Lebow said.
''It helps me work out my frustrations,'' he said with a wry smile.
Mr. Walesa said Solidarity, although banned, was fighting for the rights of the workers in a peaceful way.
It was one reason some of us voted against the bill.''
He said Atari plans to reduce its operating cost structure to about one-quarter of what it was a year ago.
The analysis, originally expected next week, will not be ready until the end of April, an aide to Mr. Weicker said.
And when that happens, the leadership in development of state-of-the-art machine tool technology will no longer belong to this nation.
Politicians were stepping in to champion his cause.
A few are middle managers, while others are what Mr. Hessenius calls ''individual contributors,'' such as systems designers and project leaders who work independently under the supervision of a manager.
Before the current fiscal year started, every department or agency was told to establish a cost-cutting goal satisfactory to the Office of Management and Budget.
had kept the committee notified.
We became a flagship for images that otherwise would not be seen.''
The Census Bureau provided the figures for Federal spending by state in fiscal 1981 and fiscal 1982.
Li won the floor exercises outright and Bart Conner scored a perfect 10 on the parallel bars to take the gold in that event.
Since then, Americans have won a total of 84 diving medals.
But Mr. Romberg acknowledged that the helicopters could be used to ferry troops and that their sale to Iran would not be approved.
In fact, a reliever probably should be penalized more for a loss because if he loses he isn't doing his job, whereas if he wins or saves a game, that's what he is supposed to so.
Its chairman will be Lieut.
''At that time most of the engineers were master mechanics up from the shop floor,'' he went on.
Plea From Her Lawyer Mrs. Parpalaix's lawyer, Paul Lombard, made an emotional plea in the case, asking the court to declare, ''A deceased man has the right to breathe life into the womb of his wife and prove that love is stronger than death.''
The victory, San Diego's eighth in 11 games over Atlanta this season, increased the Padres' lead in the National League West to 10 1/2 games.
They also document what Morris said about his property in Oxfordshire.
As one Congressional tax specialist, Roderick DeArment, deputy chief counsel to the Senate Finance Committee, put it: ''Before we raised taxes generally, we thought we ought to see if there were things that we could do to collect the taxes that were due but that we were not getting.
(Television - Sports Channel, 7:30 P.M. Radio - WNBC, 660; 7:30 P.M.) Hockey Rangers vs. Washington Capitals , at Madison Square Garden, 7:35 P.M.
Today, dozens of young bands in the United States and England are at work personalizing country music and making it palatable for the MTV generation.
''Going into show business came as an afterthought once I had gotten into the company.''
In addition, the team's first-round draft choice, Thurl Bailey of North Carolina State, is 6-11, 215.
Mr. Drapeau towers over his city in the way that Richard Daley towered over Chicago.
The broader lesson was that little, if any, integration had taken place.
There are eight different per-second sampling rates.
Calls From Many Tenants Although the city says it is not necessary to boil the water, Hillard M. Sachs, vice president of Cuyler & Company, which manages 10 buildings in Flushing, said his office had been ''inundated'' with telephone calls from concerned tenants.
The remarks seemed to suggest that Moscow has not given up hope that pressure from Washington's European allies, particularly West Germany, will force concessions on the missile issue.
As required by law, the Department of Education has compiled a list of free or low-cost legal counsel, but only one of the lay advocates listed said she would appear in court - and has done so only once.
Hope Winthrop, far right, and her partner, Anita Dana, now paint chests, tables, chairs and rocking horses to order.
Mr. Mills was reported in critical condition at University Hospital in Newark.
Bumphus is known more as a boxer, a mirror-image of Leonard in a southpaw stance, a defensive star whose hands are so quick that they used to say in Nashville, ''He could put handcuffs on lightning.''
'Out of the woods we came, and to the woods we must return, at frequent intervals, if we are to redeem ourselves from the vanities of civilization.'
For these occasions, to be sure of never getting caught short, buy small supplies of different kinds of meat, poultry or seafood in advance.
He has not fallen lower than .342 since.
I was a little disappointed.''
Jackson got Rusty Kuntz on a grounder to the mound and walked Chet Lemon, setting the stage for Bergman.
Ford Foundation grants support wide-ranging research into peace and security issues, including three university projects questioning the ethics of developing nuclear weapons.
The Plain Dealer said Mr. Pinkney, an officer of the Cleveland-Cuyahoga County Port Authority, sold the agency a $2 million liability policy last summer.
Each is taking advantage of the variety of racquet sports available to New Yorkers.
The year-ago per share figure was adjusted for a 5 percent stock dividend paid in April 1983.
For centuries, the 210-foot-high central tower and the great buttressed walls of the cathedral could be seen from miles away across the York plain.
But a spokesman refused to disclose any details about Mr. Reagan's plans for tax simplification if he is re-elected.
In Washington, State Department officials said they anticipated that Mr. Shultz would meet with the Soviet Union's representative, who they believe will be Prime Minister Nikolai A. Tikhonov.
One winter night several years ago Steve and I decided to get out of the house and go to a movie.
She announced her retirement in 1970, at the age of 68, but returned to the stage briefly in April 1975 as Miss Prism in ''The Importance of Being Earnest'' at the Theatre Royal, Windsor.
There could be ripple effects from the postal negotiations on other government workers.
''Rumors concerning Colgate have cropped up periodically over the last two or three years,'' said Hugh S. Zurkuhlen of Salomon Brothers.
Let those like Mr. Dugger who insist that those who have more should pay more be mollified by the fact that even with a flat tax the wealthy would put more dollars into the Federal till than anyone else.
and the other auto makers have been restrained on price increases for the last two model years, holding close to 2 percent annual increases.
That he tells the Jesuits' story almost entirely in terms of power-struggles and shifting balances of power, betrays a contemporary prejudice.
Freeholder Slate Stressed ''I'm not endorsing anyone,'' Mr. McCann said.
That gave the Tar Heels an 11-0 record and Maryland a 10-2 mark.
The note reportedly also said American apologies for paying for the experiments without telling Canada were insufficient.
I was planning a family party to celebrate my father's 80th birthday.
The Bellemeade Development Corporation has not cut back its construction schedule at all.
''It's time for us to vow that the lives of the people of this area are far more precious than the dollars of Pacific Gas and Electric,'' said Mr. Mondale, referring to the plant's owner.
Appeal to Self-Interest That isn't happening today.
He spreads a message to Western countries that economic pressure must be brought on South Africa if change is to be produced without violence.
Application of Guidelines Still Unclear The proposed guidelines would apply to concerts in which the entertainer receives proceeds from television rights, recordings and other sales.
Duarte has already put down preconditions about dialogue,'' he said.
But ''Candide,'' Mr. Bernstein's wittiest and most thoroughly successful theater score, is now a fixture of the company's repertory and probably will be hard to dislodge so long as it receives the sort of mordantly funny performance that a splendid cast lavished on the piece last night in the first of this summer season's seven performances.
The Giants said today that Earnest Gray, their most experienced pass receiver and their leader this season with 38 receptions, had fractured a bone in his right hand.
''Phil Brown is 23-0 and look, Gerry's coming off a two-year absence,'' said Glass.
If disabled men do not have the right to reinstatement, they said, neither should women who have just had babies.
As Mr. Keepnews put it: ''We don't have to be unrealistic just because we're a little insane.''
TUESDAY, AUGUST 14, 1984 Companies Waste Management and Genstar agreed to buy SCA, the third- largest waste-collecting company, for $28.50 a share, or $423.2 million.
It's the cruelest cut of all that that real estate is packaged into developments with names like ''Glengarry Highlands'' and ''Glen Ross Farms.''
On the simplest level, exercise burns calories.
The category of something called ''Mid-Life Upscales'' gets high marks because they are defined as ''the winners among American women'' who have made it on their own ''and may also be married to a man who's made it.''
Mr. Fassbinder's films are an acquired taste and so, perhaps, are Mr. van Ackeren's.
At that price, TSNY was able to realize a $4 million profit after holding the building less than three years.
''It will help our recruiting and be a positive force for the rest of the season,'' he said.
''When trouble occurs, we should not say that the state wasn't there,'' Mr. Scalfaro said.
Nor can American support for death squads bring democracy.
'' Mrs. Moore sent Billy about two miles away to live with one of her sisters until things cooled down.
In 1926, when he was a 24-year-old graduate student at Cambridge University, Dirac reformulated a concept advanced the previous spring by Werner Heisenberg to explain the perplexing interactions between matter and radiation.
''The Israeli lobby owns the Democrats,'' Mr. Joseph told reporters Thursday at the National Press Club.
In a similar case decided on Sept. 19, the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit upheld the dismissal of a damage suit brought by the family of a 23-year-old woman who had committed suicide after charging that she was sexually assualted by her sergeant.
''It was necessary to change the tradition.''
''What we're saying is that metallurgically there are some things that might affect the sound of the wire,'' Professor Wright said.
But along with intimations of death, the prospect of returning to her birthplace kindles memories of a bucolic childhood spent with her brother and his best friend, Doc.
The proposal was approved by the National Institutes of Health in April 1983, but the experiments have not been done.
''He won't finish in front of us again,'' said Jean-Luc Samyn, who rode Play On.
Mr. Machen and Mr. Woolley were among a small group of pastors expelled in 1936 by the Presbyterian Church of the United States of America from its Pennsylvania synod in a split between church modernists and fundamentalists, who went on to organize a dissident Orthodox Presbyterian Church.
The southbound train was carrying no passengers when the accident occurred at about 7 P.M. in this Fairfield County suburb 35 miles northeast of midtown Manhattan.
On national security and foreign policy, the Democrats called for arms-control negotiations.
He held the Ruth and Arthur Sloan professorship in political science at his death.
Mr. Liberta and his wife, Denise, lived separately under an order from the Erie County Family Court, and he was prosecuted under a narrow exception to the marital rape law.
CHICAGO ''It was no great play, an average play,'' Mark Brotz said, referring to the blast up the left side that Walter Payton used yesterday to break Jim Brown's career record for rushing.
He also put his double basses (all three of them) at the left-rear and the cellos immediately in front of them.
Mr. Ortega said that it was ''totally absurd'' that the bishops, who he said ''have rejected a dialogue with the people and the revolution, on the other hand want us to have a dialogue with the assassins.''
Much more, of course, than the video-game fad, according to industry officials.
Broad Campaign for Power Ray Rogers, a New York labor consultant working with the local union, told the rally today that a broad campaign against the company is necessary for the workers to build power.
''Suddenly, you had imposed upon the state's most major municipality a superstructure that was managing the city's budget,'' he added.
There is evidence to suggest that when they do, they can change voters' minds.
DANIEL CASNER Staatsburg, N.Y., April 16, 1984
A parish spokesman, George O'Hare, said the pledge to attend mass was one of a number of promises parents were required to make when their children were enrolled at the school.
As long as it is in the context that we are not going to pull the rug out from anyone presently dependent on those programs.
The rate of use by adults over 26 has been relatively stable, and there are approximately 20 million Americans who use marijuana regularly, not 30 to 40 million, as Mr. Chapple states.
To the Editor: ''The Wrong Stuff,'' your Nov. 21 editorial on manned space stations, is a grave disservice to readers.
PROTECTIONISM On balance, the United States remains less protectionist than its trading partners.
So Harrelson, taking advantage of a provision of the United States Golf Association's rules, applied for reinstatement as an amateur and won it, along with 179 former pros granted renewed amateur status during the year.
Dozens of squatters who illegally built homes on Federal land years ago in this onetime silver boomtown have settled a 27-year squabble with the Government.
What do we do about them?
''There are good reasons for immunizing international organizations so that they are able to fulfill their intended purposes,'' Representative Snowe said.
Our boat docked outside Stockholm, and we lived on the ship.
They are succeeded by a series of angry, large-scale canvases - somberly umber in tone - like ''Charred Landscape'' of 1960, a turbulent massing of peaky and ovoid forms that suggests cosmic catastrophe.
A husky hog named Murdoch discovered that early yesterday.
''We heard the fans,'' Kemp added.
*Trim the outer leaves from the fresh artichokes, cut off the stalks and tops of the artichokes about two- thirds down horizontally.
I also did a good deal of what we call scut, those little jobs, like drawing blood, that inevitably fall down the chain of command to the medical student's lap.
According to Budd Shulberg, the two of them made a striking pair as they strolled the corridors of M-G-M. ''They were a sight,'' Mr. Shulberg later recalled.
''It seems to me it would be financial suicide,'' Mr. Gould said, ''for any company to have a policy of issuing refunds for what is not a major change.''
The Wolfpack (4-0) started to pull away when Charles scored 6 points in a one- minute span to give N.C. State a 24-18 edge 7:43 before intermission.
Clams, snails and crabs also were found to cluster around the vents.
He was soon off to Dallas, ''hell bent to party,'' he said.
''We went to James Beard and took lessons with him,'' Mr. Bruce recalled.
Until then, Kuhn said, Perez, like the other suspended players, would be allowed to work out with his team but could not suit up for games.
Jackson, the 6-2 sophomore, had an excellent second half last season and developed into a good penetrator.
Reynolds officials said last week that the closing, which they attributed to high energy costs, would reduce the company's primary aluminum capacity by 114,000 tons a year, to 1.04 million.
By defending the present Administration's policy to refuse to seek control of sulfur dioxide emissions, Mr. Bush, like Mr. Reagan, is ignoring the pleas of the world's most respected scientists, including the National Academy of Sciences and the President's own Acid Rain Peer Review Panel.
''I got too old to be a decathlete,'' he said, laughing, ''I decided to go to bobsledding in order to continue competing.''
Cranberry World, the Ocean Spray visitors' center in nearby Plymouth, is a somewhat more elaborate showplace.
According to the Centers for Disease Control, 4,087 cases were reported in the United States as of Monday, and 1,758 patients have died.
Comprehensive U.S. talks with Cuba were ruled out for now by the State Department.
However, when an offspring has completed a year at college, better stop calling and treating her like a little girl.
Working in a nondescript office building in Vienna, Va., a Washington suburb, the staff of the Soviet department prepared papers about the succession process itself, compiled profiles of leading candidates, and examined the implications for the Soviet Union and the United States of the selection of specific individuals as the new General Secretary.
James Briley covered his face with his hands as he was paraded past reporters at the Federal building tonight.
Nevertheless, we as a society must at least begin to deal with these questions if we are to retain our current position as a leader in biomedicine.
''The key to the whole problem is adequate supervision,'' said Mr. Rodriguez.
These new technologies have flourished in the American environment, nourished by both the money and the work force they need to grow.
Though the restaurant seats more than 200, one is not overwhelmed by cavernous space.
The union said job security and wages were its top priorities in the talks.
A man who works for the Westport (Conn.) Highway Department was shot eight times while in the Bronx yesterday, then driven to a Queens hospital, where he was left wandering in the parking lot.
Venezuela won't join a call for a meeting of Latin debtors, a Government source said.
MODERATOR: Mr. Mondale, your rebuttal?
Another industry group, the Association of Retail Travel Agents, has filed suit challenging the formation of the Airline Reporting Corporation, which is composed of airline and travel-agent representatives and will supervise the deregulated system.
Nothing dates faster than social relevance.
At the Heimspitz the venison is very good.
The companies, if found guilty of violating the Sherman Antitrust Act, could be fined up to $1 million.
Knight stood and screamed with the ball firmly tucked under his left arm.
I hadn't the heart to destroy a second 90-cent assembly by giving him the additional dime, but he didn't protest.
If Bonnard and Braque produced more than a few of the greatest paintings of our century, it was in part because they disdained to hurry.
''Tyi Wara'' from Mali, with Mr. Moore as a fantastic creature with a sculptured headress, stands out as a festive ensemble work while Mrs. Moore and her husband make a Haitian courtship duet both affectionate and humorous.
Conversation Recalled Of Dr. Guttmann's statement that he wanted money for the items, Rabbi Gottschalk said: ''This is very painful.
Information about tickets, which cost $4, is available by calling 466-9464.
The controllers have been mostly replaced, but the number of planes the system can safely handle in some high- traffic regions remains less than before.
Truman High School of the Bronx will meet Sweet Home of suburban Buffalo Sunday for the Class A state high school basketball championship.
New York, Oct. 5, 1984
will try to agree on a new letter of intent.
City Investing, another conglomerate, rose 8 5/8 points, to 41 5/8, after receiving a management buyout offer.
Electronically, the most sophisticated camera was the 35mm single lens reflex Contax 159 MM.
''He made contributions that were really big under pressure, not only at the end of the game, but in the first half, and that gave the second group a lot of confidence,'' Brown said.
King shot 16 for 25 to record his second 40- point game of the season and raise his season scoring average to 30.2.
Senator Edward M. Kennedy warmly endorsed Walter F. Mondale's Presidential candidacy today after successfully arranging a meeting Tuesday morning between Mr. Mondale and Senator Gary Hart.
The Nixon Administration proved this could work in Turkey and Mexico, reducing the flow of heroin into the United States until dealers found new suppliers in Asia.
In later European trading, however, the dollar regained some ground and was quoted at 241.07 yen.
The dollar has broken records against the Italian lira every day this week, rising to 1,829.25 lire yesterday, from Thursday's 1,820.50 and the previous Friday's 1,787.75.
Odets was not, I think, simply displaying that sentimental affection many dramatists have for their less successful children when he proclaimed the play his favorite.
At the same time, the American Telephone and Telegraph Company will move into the top 10, the author says.
* Robert G. Genello, Michael A. Loprete, W. Dan Nagle, and Phillip R. Pegg promoted to senior vice president at Lewis, Gilman & Kynett, Philadelphia.
''I'm really enjoying the way the running game is coming along,'' said Morris.
And we know that the U.A.W.
''We've come a long way,'' he said, ''and this kind of assurance is no longer necessary.''
For one thing, the matter would very likely be put off to negotiations on a new basic agreement at the end of the year, thereby making those talks even more difficult than they already promise to be.
It was created by Newman, Saylor & Gregory of Columbia, S.C.
''They send it back, like a lot of publishers,'' he said.
Even if there had been no distraction, committee members said, information about the mining might not have reached senators in time for the April 5 vote because only five members of the committee staff are cleared to know about covert operations.
To the Editor: Roger Ebert's review of Peter Biskind's book on Hollywood movies of the 1950's, ''Seeing Is Believing,'' is an intriguing example of self-loathing.
I mean, after all, there was an Ambassador in Saigon.''
Ranging from 18 to 20 pages and published each business day, Investor's Daily mostly offers numbers that Mr. O'Neil considers useful to investors.
The sellout crowd, which shouted ''choke!''
Now, he found it even tougher, not entirely kind.
Dr. Gregorian said that the Public Library was also considering setting up its own book fair on the steps of the library to sell duplicate books and extend the festival down to 42d street.
The vote authorizes the state legislature to draft legislation to allow each of the state's 77 counties to vote on the question individually.
''We didn't go and chase Ray down,'' DeBusschere said, referring to the lack of contact with Williams and his agent, Fred Slaughter.
Deputy Mayor Stanley Brezenoff went to Washington last week to meet Mr.
According to the commissioner, who served as the league's general counsel and executive vice president before replacing Larry O'Brien last February, a half- dozen franchises were on the verge of extinction in 1982, buyers were nowhere to be found, and attendance, television ratings and corporate sponsorship were flagging - all because of basketball's sorry image.
Only a few days before Mr. Wilder was cornered, a jury in Texas convicted a 43-year-old drifter, Henry Lee Lucas, of murdering a young woman who was one of perhaps 360 women, girls and men whom Mr. Lucas said he had killed over a decade or more.
If Argentina does not pay $650 million in interest by Saturday, a number of United States banks will be forced by Federal regulations to list nearly $10 billion in loans as nonperforming, which in turn will reduce the banks' profits.
Last week, the Department of Health and Human Services touched off a heated debate by proposing a change in Federal policy that would, for the first time, give the public detailed information comparing medical care around the nation, including surgical death rates for individual hospitals.
Mine has been: biopsy, one year of chemotherapy, six months of remission, relapse, second biopsy, laporotomy, and radiation therapy.
President Reagan, in a letter addressed to Senator Paul Laxalt, a Nevada Republican, said the Government would pay for repairing unsafe Federal dams.
''They don't seem the least interested in minority communities like Oakland, with the kind of the violence we have.''
Fame's pageant of ambition is therefore more important to the society than the individuals who achieve it.''
''No rational government would try to close the strait,'' an official said.
But, as dancers stood on their heads or tried to squelch their rivals by sitting on them, the choreography grew increasingly grotesque and ultimately preposterous.
If I get tired of colors, well, I'll just do black tweeds.''
Last year, with the support of many politicians, including Gov.
In March 1982, he was called to the White House and told that of five top American corporate chiefs under consideration, he had been selected to head the President's cost study commission.
John D. Rockefeller 4th of West Virginia said he planned to ask for Federal aid for four counties, where he estimated damage at $13 million.
The shameful result, besides losing tax dollars, would be to turn the United States into a tax haven.
''Forgive me,'' persists the mother in ''Footfalls,'' feeling she has done her daughter the ultimate wrong, which is to have brought her into the world at all.
Those directing this campaign can have no realistic hope that the Italian authorities will release Mr. Agca.
Following Miss Hart's ''Giselle'' as guest with the National Ballet of Canada last February, The New York Times dance critic Anna Kisselgoff declared, ''Canadian ballet has a new heroine.''
We want to live our own lives.''
You may walk around Astroland wihout paying and savor the thrills through surrogate adventurers.
Hart's new generation includes many American college students; their older brothers and sisters who carry backpacks instead of briefcases to work; young parents who are beginning to save for their children's education; student activists of the 1980's as well as high-school graduates of the same period; young lawyers, accountants, real estate brokers, restaurateurs, salespeople and high-school teachers.
Regis,'' Sir James remarked, ''was a failure, not a success.''
As late as this century it was illegal to teach French in any schools.
She was stopped in midthought.
This, he said, would be lower than the national rate, as the employment growth rate for mature urban areas almost always is.
Mr. Krumeich, an associate with the Greenwich law firm Ivey, Barnum & O'Mara, graduated from St. Mary High School in Greenwich, Hamilton College and the Case Western Reserve School of Law, where he was editor of The Law Review.
But Casper had dropped improperly, using the former method of dropping the ball over his shoulder.
Reforms proposed by the Administration came nowhere near making sense of the confusion, and an alarmed Congress set to work on a bill to establish a basic principle: the Government must prove that a disability client's medical condition has improved before it can terminate benefits.
Bobby Jerozel scored on runs of 5 and 8 yards and also had two interceptions for the Warriors.
A New York Stock Exchange survey found that 14 percent of American companies with more than 100 employees had reform programs.
Silvia Bertolaccini fought off one challenge after another today to score a three-stroke victory in the $200,000 Mazda Classic of Deer Creek, the opening tournament of the Ladies' Professional Golfers Association season.
We have already decided (at least, in law) that racial, religious, ethnic and gender discrimination are not tolerable.
In so doing, investors have been able to claim first-year deductions of two to four times their cash investment, according to Leonard Podolin, a tax partner at Arthur Andersen & Company.
''We are telling them that we are ready to negotiate, ready to talk,'' Mr. Burt said.
Not only did our room have unrusted water and a bathtub plug, rarities in themselves, but it also boasted towels imported from Syria and - never sighted before by this traveler in three years of touring the country - a paper seal on the toilet with a printed Russian legend attesting to the fact that it had been disinfected.
Mr. Mondale deplored the plight of the rancher and farmer, and he and Mr. Hightower unrolled a 100-foot-long scroll of classified ads offering farms for sale in Texas.
Release of Two Terrorists In March 1982 Interior Minister Gaston Defferre received a letter from Carlos demanding the release of two terrorist colleagues then in French custody.
His father, a publishing consultant in New York, was a newspaper and magazine publisher in New York and Oregon.
The play's other major character - a naive poet (Christopher Cooper) who gets swept up in Smith's rise and fall - narrates Mr. Weller's rueful tale much as Nick Carraway does Fitzgerald's.
We may never be altogether ready for him.
Expecting to reap badly needed foreign currency from the film makers, Mr. Seaga is offering tax incentives, waivers on customs restrictions so that equipment can be moved quickly, escorts and guides for scouting shooting sites and, at a modest fee, the rental of jeeps, tanks, helicopters and troops from Jamaica's small army.
The injury will sideline Pavelich, the team's leading scorer last season, at least five weeks.
He warned that excess funds supplied to the banking system now will be withdrawn in the future but that the Fed could use a ''breathing space to get a better fix'' on the rate of economic growth this quarter.
Moses, perhaps slowing down ever so little at age 28, walked a joyous victory lap and soaked in the acclaim from the capacity crowd of 92,600 at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum.
He has written a jazz opera, commissioned by the Paris State Opera, excerpts of which were performed here at La Mama ETC.
Lung explained that he is here ''to teach the cooks how to prepare dishes in the traditional manner.''
To the Finns all of this is experienced best out in the woods, but if you haven't access to a woodland sauna an urban one will do pretty well.
Now, wine stewards such as Jean-Guy Loustau at Trou Gascon in Paris are almost as important as the chef.
Jack Newfield of The Village Voice, a friend of Mr. Puccio and Mr. Alvarado who favored the Chancellor's resignation, asked the President of Hunter College, Donna E. Shalala, if she would give Mr. Alvarado a job.
Miss Oceana paid $2.80 for $2 to win and covered the seven furlongs under Eddie Maple in 1:22 2/5.
That could not be done in such a manner.
Her previous marriage ended in divorce.
Any visiting orchestra asks to be judged first as itself - how good is it, and what kind of sound does it make - and more importantly, as a vehicle for musical interpretation.
The big question at the new Filene Center, of course, is the sound.
Though Broadway musicals - the making of which is as collaborative as the production of movies - often come into town with names removed entirely or pseudonyms used as replacements, straight plays almost never do.
Michael Dukakis of Massachusetts last month outlawed two-for-one specials, ''all you can drink'' promotions, special prices for certain groups of people, selling pitchers of beer to only one person, mixed drinks of more than 16 ounces and bar-sponsored games like ''Chug-a-lug,'' in which patrons are encouraged to down as many alcoholic drinks as they can within a short period of time.
On Saturday, Mr. Reagan is to be interviewed on television by Chinese journalists.
With negotiations at an impasse, some of the strikers expressed fears that classes would not be resumed until after Christmas.
The Hurricane (22-2 and 11-2) jumped to an early 10-1 lead.
In an era that prizes young, thin and bronzed, Santa is old, fat and red-faced - and thus on the way out.
New restrictions on lead and volatile organic substances have been proposed.
When no big solutions are available, everyday life makes all the difference between a calming hope and desperation.
Therefore, I speak not as a solitary prophet, but as one who expresses the united voice of millions of Christians and Jews in the United States.''
Following are recent remarks on taxes by President Reagan, Vice President Bush and Treasury Secretary Donald T. Regan: July 25.
third jump ''Billy the Kid'' concerns itself with significant moments in the life of this infamous character of the American Southwest, known to the Mexicans as ''El Chivato.''
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
It is an orderly, well organized show and, as tribute to the centenary to Playbill, could not be better conceived.
The musical director of both ''Pippin'' and ''Oh, Coward'' was Allen Hill, who is now playing piano for Mr. Thacker, joining in some vocal duets and dropping dry comment.
Spurred by a gathering at the White House in mid- July of 300 conservative Christian ministers, a group of television envangelists is taking the message of support for Mr. Reagan to the airwaves.
She says her daughter Lauren, 8, has a bladder problem and gets lumps that itch.
As a result, Miss Jaeger, who twice won Easter Bowl titles before turning pro, will be a chief object lesson this week when Miss Hamilton introduces a new feature at the 17th annual tournament in Tucson, Ariz. - namely, a series of seminars for parents, players and coaches on the pitfalls of junior tennis and the perils of the pro tour.
In the opening quarter, reading a blitz, Flutie found his fullback, Troy Stradford, clear in the end zone and fired a 35-yard pass.
Because of skyrocketing expenses brought on by its own indulgences, the league this season must show appreciable gains in attendance figures and television ratings to sustain credibility and the patience of its owners.
Until very recently, it has not been easy for the City Ballet's novice house choreographers to try their wings.
The era of the guitar hero had begun.
Then there is no more.
But now, with the publication in ''Faulkner: A Comprehensive Guide to the Brodsky Collection'' of letters by, to and about Faulkner in his final decade, readers can form their own judgments about the causes of Faulkner's deterioration.
The change in the state bank law came in the form of an amendment to the Illinois Bank Holding Company Act of 1957, which allowed banks based in the state to merge only with other Illinois banks or foreign banks.
''Al wants to know everything that's going on - the draft, the personnel.
Among blacks, who account for 73 percent of the population but were excluded from the broadened Government, rioting continued.
There are six major companies that dominate the field: Allied, North American, United, Mayflower, Bekins and Atlas.
And as the tellers know, a good story will be told again and again in Washington, true or not, and, in the telling, have its effect.
''The doctors who take care of these babies are desperate to have something that would perhaps reduce the incidence of this terrible aftereffect, and also perhaps reduce the incidence of blindness.''
''The more we meet, the more we spend,'' he said.
Analysts also took some reassurance from other inflation measures.
Mr. Shultz said on the plane that what had to be settled was how a military alliance should operate.
''It's absolutely the best,'' said Mrs. Johnson.
''The regulations should make Batesville's products more attractive to the consumer because there's more quality packed into their price than others,'' Miss Singleton said.
They are also expected to take up Bulgaria's decision to withdraw.
Who decides such matters, and on what grounds?
The romance and ambitions of a young man in the Old South.
Conservative Republicans have not been.
She will read at 6 tonight in the Student Union, Room 310.
But micro-management by a committee of 535 independent-minded individuals is a grossly inefficient and ineffective way to run any important enterprise.''
But the director, Ken O'Neil, has gone all-out to keep the video program from looking like one more concert tape.
This makes them more independent.
''What we're trying to do is save this company.
It represents driving energy to me.
We may then have to buy the expertise to build a power plant from a foreign country or purchase more of our electricity from Canada.
Fichtional Asheton, Ala., on the banks of the Alabama River not far from Selma, is a small town with ''elm shaded houses, where people sat on the porches in swings and rockers'' and where, come spring, ''the willows glowed in the thin light of dawn.''
A wave of condominium, cooperative and townhouse sales has created a large population of landless gardeners.
At first I watched faithfully, week after week, because I didn't want to miss the moment when he bumped his head on the door and lost ''Presidential'' status.
Father Holohan belongs to the London-based Mill Hill Fathers and Father O'Mara to the Dublin-based Columbian Fathers.
- If the outstanding shares were again increased to 35.1 million, Carter Hawley, which had net income of about $68 million in its most recent fiscal year, might well have to cut its $1.22-a-share dividend by as much as 50 percent.
In the best of them, ''You're Not Ready,'' the Reagan position on women's issues is subtly unraveled: A husband patronizingly sings to his compliant wife, ''The E.R.A.
''We had to do something,'' he said.
Mr. Meese's nomination as Attorney General has been delayed pending the outcome of the investigation.
Governor Cuomo says he is confident the problems in the Senate will be revolved.
chairman, and Thomas F. Galvin, the president of the U.D.C.
The company needs the credit to tide it over a financial crisis brought on by the possibility that Seabrook 2, a nuclear power plant in which it has invested $293 million, will have to be abandoned.
Those who looked promising were invited to become part of this year's non-playing team that is scrimmaging and practicing nonetheless.
In all, Hart finance officials considered the series of fund-raising events in Phoenix, Houston, San Francisco and this community in the heart of California's burgeoning high technology country a considerable success.
As explained in a telephone interview by John Eyre, public affairs director at the brewer's London headquarters, the first order of business will be for the local Ogilvy outposts to study their markets and then make campaign recommendations.
The merger will provide a cost savings, but the extent has not yet been estimated, Mr. Rago said.
The same was the case for the I.C.C.
The formula is to give the aid for what Senator Moynihan calls ''strictly limited objectives.''
Mr. Apple said a driver could gross between $50,000 and $60,000 a year, and that about 30 percent of this would be his profit - meaning an income from $15,000 to $18,000 a year.
The one time he was allowed to visit other family members, no one could speak.
''It is the most important thing to happen in fashion in the past 20 years!''
The other is a wedge-shaped pocket-exotic with its engine mounted transversely behind the seats.
To the dismay of some Justice Department officials, who contended the case should have prompted Congressional soul-searching about the potential for corruption, Congress opened inquiries into the F.B.I.
Judging from its predecessor, one would expect this book to be an adjunct to a more medically oriented women's health book, rather than the only book a woman depends on for advice.
''We're putting the pieces back together,'' Cooney told the crowd.
Housing prices rose more slowly last month.
The disclosure that a longtime staff writer at The New Yorker has long invented characters, rearranged events and composed conversations in nonfiction articles, has refocused attention on the blurring of journalistic distinctions between fact and fiction.
Archeological students were painstakingly describing each item as to substance, size and the location in the cave where it had been found.
In return, he said, the state agency has agreed to obtain similar easements to the north and the south and to begin constructing a commuter rail line within 15 years.
''What does he think we are now?
Rumania, though a member of the Soviet bloc's economic alliance and of the Warsaw Pact, the military alliance, has been following an independent foreign policy since the 1960's.
It is impossible to leave a bag on a busy street corner for more than 60 seconds without someone calling the bomb squad.
Almost every hand went up.
The exhibit will be open to the public for two weeks.
To make it run, they needed curriculum guides that do not yet exist.
''He was a small-town boy who became famous worldwide, but he never changed his manner.
In a complicated financial package, the Government agreed to accept the house and some farm land in lieu of taxes and will give the National Heritage Memorial Fund, itself a Government-funded body, $:6.8 million over the next two years, $:3.5 million of which will be turned over to the National Trust to spend on Calke.
All eight players who faced the Ma team in Port Chester, including Mr. Kaplan of New York, have said they were convinced that their opponents were cheating.
He led the team in scoring last season and then before this season began, he signed a new contract worth potentially a million dollars over three years.
For much of its history the International Museum of Photography has been a museum in trouble.
His father is an advertising manager at The New York Times.
The American group was at the Pines during a tour of the Philippines to mark the 40th anniversary last weekend of the return of Gen. Douglas MacArthur to the Philippines to liberate the country from Japan.
George V. Coyne, a Jesuit who heads the Vatican Observatory and is a principal member of a papal commission to review the case of the Roman Inquisition against Galileo.
We have to take the pressure off Ken.
If other Arabs ''would only work more closely with the Soviets, the Americans would run after us like a puppy dog, and not us after them.''
For upcoming summers, specialization - operatic and choreographic - is being planned as a seasonal theme.
In words that reflect the feelings of many American publishers toward their Australian and New Zealand writers, Deirdre Mullane, an editor at George Braziller, said of Janet Frame: ''We have seen her win extraordinary reviews.
Among the guests is Sir Henry Harcourt-Reilly, a most mysterious stranger with ''some sort of power'' who turns out to be an eminent psychiatrist but is, as well, a religious mystic - a priest or an oracle.
He said today, as he has before, that the role of the United States in the Middle East should include supporting the right of Israel to exist in security in internationally recognized boundaries, to find a homeland for the Palestinian people and to use the powers of the other Arab nations to end aggression and war against Israel.
To be sure, many of Hong Kong's new office towers - both on Hong Kong island and Kowloon - have grown upward out of reclaimed land, but nowhere has development been as rapid and as remarkable as in East Tsimshatsui: There are six hotels, with 3,700 rooms - 20 percent of the total in all of Hong Kong - and all opened in the last four years.
The summer meeting of the federation leaders would normally be the occasion for an official endorsement, but the A.F.L.-C.I.O.
In his sermon, the Archbishop drew on the Gospel of the day, Matthew 16, to speak about the relationship between Christ and his disciple Peter, a relationship, he said, that applies to Peter's spiritual descendant, the Pope.
The Socialists, they add, have faithfully carried out an earlier Government's agreement to let NATO's Awacs surveillance planes use Greek bases.
The game was adjourned with the champion placing the sealed move, 41 R-N4, in the referee's official envelope.
Peter Slocum, a spokesman for the New York State Health Department, confirmed the figures.
One reason is that many technicians are moving to more technological areas than fixing television sets.
We are continuing our campaign against warmongers and profiteers .
Sometimes, I go deep and he goes short.
Her father was vice president for sales for the Allied Corporation, the energy company in Morristown, N.J. Mr. Hodierne, son of Betty Marie Hodierne of Galesburg, Ill., and the late Dr. Paul Richard Hodierne, graduated from Grinnell College.
Miss Sweet will introduce the film, which will have live piano accompaniment, at 6 P.M. Museum admission (no extra charge for tickets): $4.50; students, $3; over 65, $2.
The House of Representatives had to act.
One of the Bjork-Shiley valves used in Dr. Clark's artificial heart broke, forcing him to undergo emergency surgery to replace the left side of the device.
The move was described by Cuomo aides as an effort to consolidate the Governor's control over the Convention Center and quell a feud between the president of the Convention Center corporation, Thomas F. Galvin, and the chairman of the state's Urban Development Corporation, William J. Stern.
And by like token, instead of keeping only 9 cents of his last dollar of income, a top-bracket taxpayer pockets at least 50 cents.
He predicted that the Dow Jones industrial average would top 3,000 within this period.
Be careful, security officials say.
In a back room, Mr. Zawisny continues to make the extraordinary variety of smoked and fresh sausages and other pork products for which the shop, now expanded into an attractive supermarket, has become famous.
Sunnyside is especially significant because Irving's writings, in particular the ''Old Christmas'' stories from his ''Sketch Book'' of 1819-1820, were influential in shaping Christmas traditions in the United States that continue today.
Padres 9, Dodgers 4 LOS ANGELES (AP) - Carmelo Martinez, Terry Kennedy and Graig Nettles all hit homers to lead a 19-hit San Diego attack.
The other pairings are Italy-Australia, Czechoslovakia-France, and Paraguay-Sweden.
Ernest A. Lotito, a Mondale aide in Florida, said: ''We have a good marriage here.
Children Endorse Program They cite these reactions of some youngsters during the 1983 summer camp season: Lamar Stroble, a 7-year-old staying with a family near Syracuse, remarked, ''Here it is different because the houses and walls don't have graffiti written all over and it's not dirty.''
With hardly any paintings to consult in the late 1930's, we fell back on first-hand accounts of what it was like to be in New York.
Ships and aircraft of the United States and Israeli navies began a joint antisubmarine warfare exercise in the Eastern Mediterranean today, the Defense Department said.
Any attempt to dislodge their network will shake the foundations and the heights of the army and the society.
They included linear chips, such as resistors and capacitors, and digital integrated circuits, such as microprocessors.
for the second loan, Mr. Weinstein advised him that borrowing from the estate was improper.
Navy or black jersey pants are one of the alternatives to the knee-baring skirts for day.
I phoned Glenn to ask why, and he told me that Maurice Purtill had joined the band on drums.
''There is no economic elitism, no rich or poor in Christ,'' the Bishop said.
But, though heavy, the tables come apart, and are manageable.
However, he said that the commission would be obliged to look into any new complaint that was made in the proper form.
The Class A shares of the Smart & Final Iris Corporation jumped $15.25, to $118.50.
It is held, in short, that international protection of human rights - even in the aggravated form of group extermination - is not a proper area for treaty action.
Of course there would have been demonstrations.
But state health officials have not reported one case in which a patient's life has been threatened by the strike.
Former Senator Salvador Laurel, head of Unido, predicts it will win 60 of the 183 seats at stake if the vote is ''reasonably fair;'' if not, 40 seats.
He Faces Other Legal Problems The indictments charge improper transactions between the Mayor's campaign and J. David Dominelli, a San Diego financer who is now in jail here.
They generally acknowledge that the threat of massive retaliation against Soviet cities is mutually suicidal and thus not credible, but they will not countenance planning for limited responses, which, they insist, are dangerously fanciful.
The Gaels trailed by 6 before Burtt made his last 6 shots, finishing with 13 of 19.
The authors of the report, which appeared in a recent issue of Nature, were Philippe Patriat and Jose Achache of the Institute of the Physics of the Globe in Paris.
The Drug Enforcement Administration has estimated that 50 to 60 tons of cocaine were exported from Colombia last year, although officials said the recent discovery of large jungle laboratories suggested the traffic may be greater than previously thought.
Among the fringe characters are Vic's girlfriend Mary, who frowns a lot anyway but even more when Vic starts to take an unnatural interest in her clothes as well as her lipstick, and Eddie, the innocent driver of the bakery van who, one doctor predicts at the end, won't wake up until 2068.
But this was still an admirable evening of music-making, and one that offered two Danish scores, one contemporary and one, by now, a classic.
''It's saying that people come before wealth.''
Potential Military Uses According to the Commerce Department, most of the products on the Chinese list include components or technology that are subject to Government export controls because they have potential military applications.
The difference suggested a startling cultural evolution.
Venezuela has eight million eligible voters, half the population, but an estimated 40 percent of these did not vote.
But, as honored ''victims of fascism,'' the survivors receive generous pensions, large and cheap apartments, the right to annual rest cures and one- bed hospital rooms when they are sick as well as free railroad and bus tickets.
''From what I can tell,'' he said the other day, ''it really has been a good-will tour.''
Already last week officials attributed the sharp rise in the black market price of the dollar to purchases by nervous traffickers.
Visit the reading room in the British Museum and one is almost guaranteed to find a Longford or a Fraser working diligently on research, or both a mother and a daughter, in some combination.
''The total cost will be about $3 million for a crew of 160 people and 20 cameras.
Civil rights workers, intellectuals and Government employees in the northern province say reports of attacks on civilians by Government troops have deepened support for the extremists, who say they will never accept a negotiated settlement.
John R. Weingart, acting director of the D.E.P.
Winning Friends in Congress One specialty claimed by the firm is an ability to influence Congress, and its Washington office has a staff of 40 to prepare position papers, arrange meetings with influential people for clients and generally know who to see about what.
Jones & Laughlin, the nation's third-largest after Bethlehem Steel, lost $499 million on an operating basis.
A spokesman for the City Transportation Department said the change had happened a while ago and explained that the Waldorf-Astoria management, needing space for limousines at the Towers entrance, asked for a survey.
It also works the other way.
In previous statements, the South African military has said that 1,000 insurgents were forced to flee northward in the latest offensive, thwarting their effort to penetrate South-West Africa.
For example, he says, the board will probably require a new set of financial information from each occupant, and it will want the people moving into your larger apartment to show that they can afford it.
Features such as the availability of underscoring as you type, continuous backspacing and a zero space setting on the platen roller to permit subscript and superscript are handy characteristics, as are the full-line automatic delete for corrections, the automatic relocate after corrections and automatic return and centering.
Dinner, a la carte, ranges from $9.50 to $16 (soup included).
The defending champion, Tamara McKinney of Squaw Valley, Calif., was fourth; Cindy Nelson of Reno finished seventh and Dianne Roffe of Eastburg, Vt., was eighth.
Likely to Remain An Administration source said that Mr. Stone, a conservative Democrat and former United States Senator from Florida, would probably remain in the Administration in another capacity.
''Now it's down to four.''
Aides to Mr. Metzenbaum have said the Senator never took part in any negotiations involving the sale of the hotel, which is a block north of the White House.
Traditional Irish music will be played by the Heritage String Orchestra and the Summit Chorale.
The council president, George F. Galland, said in a news release: ''The Daley administration detested political or judicial independence and did its best to silence independent behavior.
Among the numbers scheduled for tonight are ''Yes, Virginia, Another Piano Ballet,'' ''Pas de Quatre,'' ''The Lamentations of Jane Eyre'' and ''Le Lac de Cygne.''
Marc Luxemburg, president of the Council of New York Cooperatives, says the three most common practices he has observed are a requirement of intent to return to the building, a limit on the length of sublets (for example, one year with a right to a renewal at the option of the board or two years nonrenewable) and a fee, including a surcharge on the maintenance, a deposit to cover damages to the building and payment of the co- op's legal fees for reviewing the sublet.
Both of Marcella Hazan's books are included, as are most of Julia Child's and many of Craig Claiborne's, Pierre Franey's, Maida Heatter's and Diana Kennedy's.
Virgin has had its lean years, too.
In California alone, investigations since early last year have turned up 325 physicians with suspicious credentials who have sought licenses to practice medicine.
Then, with 40 seconds remaining in the period, the fisticuffs began.
Elsewhere in the tax-exempt market, prices of long-term Washington Public Power Supply System bonds were raised two points or more after the Oregon Supreme Court ruled that municipally owned utilities in that state could participate in the supply system's nuclear projects.
Expenses of $15,116,685 left a surplus of $71,401, in contrast to the closing figures of 1983, which showed a deficit of $1.8 million.
They are Vasily Aksyonov, author of ''The Island of Crimea,'' published by Random House, a political fantasy about an independent Crimea trying to survive in the shadow of Soviet power; Sergei Dovlatov, author of ''The Compromise,'' a takeoff on Soviet journalism published by Alfred A. Knopf, and Yuz Aleshkovsky, whose novel ''Kangaroo,'' a surrealistic satire about the Soviet secret police, appeared in France last year to favorable reviews and is due to be published in this country in July by Farrar, Straus & Giroux.
Related to Ability Jack Greenberg, a law professor at Columbia University, said such explanations would generally bear on whether the reason for the disparity, such as the rigorousness of the state police training program, ''was somehow related to their ability to be a state trooper.''
The field calls for further study, as well as constant updating of information as new tape formulations come on the market.
The unexpected results in some Democratic Presidential primaries, especially Gary Hart's big victory in New Hampshire, are attributed by observers to a gap between voters and campaign professionals.
Trace Element Tablets Bring Warning by U.S. ATLANTA, April 2 (AP) - Trace elements such as selenium, which has been studied for its possible role in cancer prevention, can be toxic if taken in extremely high quantities, the Centers for Disease Control has warned.
Oklahoma's Mike Winchester punted on the third down of the final period and Bobby Riley signaled for a fair catch.
He is Barend du Plessis, regarded as belonging to the ''enlightened'' wing of Afrikaanerdom.
Michael Ensign Dr. Betty Ahrens .
What a pity this one can't go on forever.
The scene was of black wet soil stubbled with cornstalks Tuesday morning when President Mitterrand arrived in Illinois from San Francisco to visit the 3,000-acre farm of Secretary Block.
'' That uncertainty was lifted tonight just before their game against the Washington Bullets, when Dawkins, who was in a local hospital with an ailing back, was placed on the injured list.
The fact that a previous offer was withdrawn ''is without constitutional significance,'' Justice Stevens said, ''because it did not impair the voluntariness or intelligence'' of the plea bargain that became official.
The evening's wildly uneven tone accentuates the confusion.
At the convention's evening session, a summary will be presented at 9 P.M. , Eastern daylight time (8 P.M. Dallas time).
A spokesman said the closings include its Smith-Corona electronic typewriter and printer final asssembly lines.
Greg Bell went the final 5 yards for the score.
A. Alvarez, reviewing ''Malcolm Lowry'' in these pages in 1973, said that Douglas Day ''neither whitewashes Lowry nor accuses him.
Since I don't understand ''Dungeons and Dragons'' myself, I figure this must be educational, so I don't bother him.
And if a duet for Marilyn Banks and Mr. Nugent could be described as a metaphor for a torrid affair, it was also obviously a violent one.
'The Dining Room' was more experimental in form, and there was an element of pathos, of rue, sadness.
*Heat oil in large, heavy pot with nonreactive enamel, stainless-steel or dark gray anodized aluminum finish.
No such tests may be held until after the President certifies that they are consistent with the 1972 treaty on antimissile systems.
And, if our present fortune turns out to be more or less permanent, the new state of affairs should earn us some more new playwrights.
Alfred Kazin Author The character I would most like to be is Dr. Johnson in that most entertaining and endlessly instructive non fiction novel, Boswell's ''Life of Johnson.''
She did not suffer a rejection reaction at that time, Loma Linda doctors said.
If he sells them all, he said, it will keep him busier than he usually is between now and next Christmas, tracking down replacements.
Those are our two objectives for the next four years and the choice is clear.''
Today : The Newtown Friends of Music opens its seventh annual series of chamber concerts at the Edmond Town Hall Theater at 4 P.M. with a recital by the dynamic young Mendelssohn String Quartet.
Indications of price cuts of at least the lighter grades of petroleum have been emerging for about a month, he said, from such oil producers as Libya, Iran and Abu Dhabi.
In the midst of my impassioned rhetoric, the wrong word slipped out and I could not go on because I was laughing too hard - and so were my colleagues.''
Four years later, the Republican chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, Arthur H. Vandenberg, told us, ''Politics stops at the waters' edge.''
Species such as the snapper warm themselves in the shallows of ponds, streams and lakes.
Stepping out into the real world, Leon confronts some of the world's changes.
Art Monk caught it around the 28, then battled through two defenders for a 20-yard gain and the first down that kept the drive alive.
HUBERTS, 102 East 22d Street (673-3711) - vv (Nov. 13, 1981).
Most of the major banks reported declines in this margin of about two- tenths of a percentage point.
Jesse Jackson visited Cuba as a Presidential candidate with an olive branch in hand, Mr. Castro took the opportunity to suggest a meeting with United States officials.
Tapioca pudding from the same source made at least six passengers ill when it was served aboard a Capitol Airlines flight from Lisbon three days later.
The victory, with the St. Louis Cardinals' 16-13 loss to the Los Angeles Rams, left the Giants, Cardinals and Cowboys tied for the division lead.
All were cut a little fuller than usual, so they fit ''like the pants a wife might borrow from her husband's wardrobe,'' he explained.
Underwriters' Psychological Lift Officials of the insurance underwriters praised the astronauts' successful salvage, saying that it would provide a ''psychological boost'' to the satellite insurance business, which has sustained more than $300 million in losses this year.
''We used to pick them up in the galleries,'' said Larry Smith, the Senate's sergeant-at-arms.
The Dow average dropped 4.42 points, to 1,127.21, after rising 45 points earlier in the week.
Bus company officials said the barriers were raised,
It was Sunday's edition, but it could have been any since the Games opened: ''Sportsmen Indignant at the Chauvinist Exhaust Gases Spouted by the American Press.''
While a technical crew worked out the kinks in an antiquated lighting system, electricians checked the ornate glass fixtures hanging from the freshly painted tin ceiling.
It is odd for a man who has been in charge of his own business, directed the Central Intelligence Agency and represented the United States at the United Nations and in China to be flying around the country detracting from his own stature.
''We are a social and service organization,'' he said.
With the Mexican agreement as a model, Venezuela is negotiating to postpone $20 billion of its debt.
''It's not as if one company is becoming dominant,'' Mr. Hodel said.
BASKETBALL CINCINNATI (CBA) - Signed Brian O'Conner, center-forward.
For all the opposition's shouting and posturing, it really has little to say about what Parliament does.
In two visits to the United States and one to Western Europe, Mr. Duarte, who was in New York yesterday after meeting in Washington Monday with President Reagan, has relied on his status as the first freely elected Salvadoran president in five decades to win increased international support.
On a net income basis, the Bowery reported a loss of $25 million, and the Emigrant, $9 million.
Mr. Bhaskara Rao is supported by the 57 legislators of Mrs. Gandhi's Congress Party and claims the backing of at least 90 Telegu Desam legislators.
Course: Use one cooking utensil and one burner to prepare practically fat-free and salt-free fresh vegetables, meats and fish dishes.
John Morris officiated at the ceremony at Our Lady of the Lake Roman Catholic Church in Verona, N.J.
She was wearing a gray cotton blouse and a darker gray skirt by Comme des Gar,cons that she bought in Tokyo this summer to wear in the early fall.
There is a marker, placed after the war, on the beach at Slapton Sands, expressing the gratitude of the United States Army to the people of South Hams for giving up their homes and property in 1944 so preparations for D-day could be conducted.
Yet no agency, military or civilian, warned the crew of Flight 007 or tried to guide it out of danger; neither did the Japanese.
As a result, the design and efficiency of car engines have changed as well.
But now Senator Quayle of Indiana wants stricter performance standards and more emphasis on hiring ''disadvantaged'' youth.
The blasts also injured 24 neighbors and damaged more than a hundred homes in the immediate area.
The changes resulting from their unsuccessful protests helped the Communists this year, according to Joelle Fishman , executive secretary of the state party.
Ingram Industries said the 628,196 shares of Corroon & Black Inc. held by Ingram and its chairman, E. Bronson Ingram, had been sold separately to six financial institutions.
Judge Feikens, a former head of the Michigan Republican Party and former chairman of the State Civil Rights Commission, was asked in the interview to discuss what he had learned while he and Mayor Young were administering the sewage treatment plant.
However, the authorities have tried to show they are on top of things.
To the Editor: Caution: Your May 1 news story on a new major report regarding guidelines for treating high blood pressure may be dangerous to the health of many Americans.
Corinto is about 140 miles from the Costa Rican border, farther north than any of Mr. Pastora's guerrillas are known to have penetrated before.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
All the hoo-hah began to die down, and after 1960, there were no more seriously contested nominations.
After 18 months, in which she got her degree in library science and worked as an assistant records manager in a law firm, Miss Davidson decided she was still in her heart a teacher and asked to be sent back to the classroom.
Is that your idea of entertainment?
The Vatican has repeatedly asked the priests to resign their positions.
A cut to 7 percent would reduce the estimated yield to $1.52 billion, state officials said, saving taxpayers $100 million.
Farmers who receive his four-page monthly estimates, indicating what parts of the country may be wetter or drier or hotter or colder than normal - and by approximately how much - may use them to decide whether to spend money to irrigate or whether to spray their crops.
The sources declined to describe the classified information, and the transcripts of the closed proceedings have been sealed.
In addition to more than 1,000 cards and letters that have arrived since Reinhardt was transferred to Denver, the cassettes are beginning to arrive in profusion, according to Rees, and are all faithfully played.
''It is an industry that lends itself to abuses,'' the New York Secretary of State, Gail S. Shaffer, said.
McKenney scored 5 points in the final four minutes as Illinois State made 10 of its final 12 free throws.
Year-ago results include operating results for three months of Dixie Savings & Loan Assn., acquired in September 1982.
After misses by Michael Jordan and Quintin Dailey, the Rockets rebounded and Lewis Lloyd hit a pair of free throws to make it 99-96 with 53 seconds remaining.
What is needed is a search for a clear, understandable definition of the persons subject to the law.
'Thwarts the Process' As a result some now contend that the Senate is being bypassed.
Century Brass is the second largest employer in Waterbury.
All figures are adjusted to discount for normal seasonal variations.
Delegates representing some of the more traditional groups such as the National Education Association and the A.F.L.-C.I.O.
''It's just balance sheet manipulation,'' said Randolph Westerfield, who teaches corporate financial management at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.
''I knew they were tough every time I watched that Die-Hard battery commercial,'' he said.
As if a cookbook had anything to do with writing.''
The company therefore realigned its businesses somewhat to break down the borders, shuffling key executives from the areas they know best into lesser known territories.
But if a mistake is made on a spear point, you toss it aside and begin on another.
There are beautiful salads and the best roast chicken on the island.
Mr. Dingell has supported a ban on medicated feed in the past, but he has been thwarted by the House and Senate Appropriations Committees.
The opera's highly formal opera-seria style, with its succession of florid arias and other set pieces, had already gone out of fashion when Mozart wrote ''Tito.''
c-Including an extraordinary credit of $2.9 million from the early extinguishment of debt.
Mr. Wolfson, an investment executive in the corporate and executive services division of Paine Webber in New York, graduated from Drake University in Des Moines.
The organization, in which the United States has a major influence, gives loans at lower-than-market rates to member countries that are in financial trouble and cannot pay their international bills.
The White Plains Department of Recreation and Parks handles the program and offers free plots to anyone with a city recreation identification card.
But Ethernets slow greatly if they become overloaded.
Since then, according to The Journal, R. Foster Winans, the column's author, has acknowledged to the S.E.C.
While Mr. Rodino has pressed for creating 227 new bankruptcy judgeships with the protections of Article III so that the judges could decide all issues in bankruptcy cases, the Judicial Conference says this would erode the prestige and power of the district and appellate judges and waste taxpayers' dollars.
And in so doing, they are shoving the oil sheiks increasingly out of the international oil spotlight.
Jimmy's mother, Kathy Tontlewicz, has been at the hospital round the clock since the drowning incident and each day makes a mental note of the little steps he has taken toward recovery.
The blasts set off a flurry of claims and denials by anonymous telephone callers who said they were speaking for right-wing and left-wing terrorist groups.
Another resident, Diane Santanastosio, said she would put her son in parochial school if the plan were carried out.
Athlete in College Mr. Zornow, who was born near Rochester, attended the University of Rochester, where he played football, basketball and baseball.
Across the river, some of the Palisades trees still wear the last vestiges of foliage.
No one knows her, and I didn't want to use Jane Doe.
Typically, in inhalation cases, toxicologists try to collect blood samples from the victims because the toxic chemicals enter the bloodstream through the lungs, Dr. Brown said.
She is egged on by her family, following her in an old boat.
The psychological interviews assessed adolescents' relationships with their families, communities and peers; delved into their hopes, fantasies and dreams, and examined how much they had internalized the community's values.
Leary pitched the first three innings and was nailed for six hits and six runs.
The Irish Times said Mr. Galvin had gone home ''with one death to his name.''
Jeff Way, a senior quarterback, threw for two touchdowns and ran for a third to lead Greenwich (6-2) to a 28-20 victory yesterday over Stamford Catholic (5-3).
A key Republican aide in Congress said the platform could provoke the biggest fights of the Republican convention, especially because all the other matters up for consideration were a foregone conclusion.
From Rice Wine to Sambas As usual, the films are notable for their diversity; although each provides a window into another culture, their subjects range from the daily spiritual life of Tibetan Buddhists to the Andean mountain music of Peru to lotus harvesting and the making of rice wine in China to a samba school in Rio de Janeiro.
Real life isn't the movies - even when a President, for sentimental, dreamy reasons, wants it to be.
I don't think the debates are going to be the whole ballgame, but they're going to be able to define Mondale and put Reagan on the defensive.
The poll of 968 likely voters selected from a national sample of 1,600 asked whether a woman as the Vice-Presidential nominee would make respondents more or less likely to vote Democratic this fall.
Mr. Elwood, a native of the Bronx, worked at The Herald Tribune from 1940 to 1966, starting as a copy boy.
''Neither one of these guys has that type of pressure.
Tickets are $5, bring your own picnic.
'Worst Disaster So Far' A spokesman for the Zurich-based company Suisse Outremer Reederei described the missile strike against the Tiburon as ''the worst disaster so far'' in the gulf tanker war, saying the vessel's superstructure had been destroyed.
That much is fairly clear from the Supreme Court's precedents.
Although Dr. Hammer said that Occidental was now principally a domestic energy company following its acquisition of the Cities Service Company in late 1982, the Colombian field could shift its emphasis to international operations.
Smoking on a bus would leave a violator open to a disorderly persons charge.
Joseph W. Canzeri, the President's schedule-maker.
Meanwhile, Iran and Iraq staged a series of reprisal raids across each other's borders for the third successive day.
She graduated from the Holton Arms School, Smith College and the Boston University Law School.
Now Japan is challenging the United States for superiority in information technology, an industry with important civilian and military applications.
David Buksbaum, the vice president of operations who is close to Mr. Rather, was made vice president of news coverage and operations, and Robert Chandler, who had supervised ''60 Minutes'' and ''American Parade'' as the senior vice president of documentaries and operations, was moved to senior vice president of administration.
''I'm playing in and the ball is hit right on the base.
Beauty is a result of the state of your soul.
What's New Grapetree Bay Hotel ($125-$155 for two) - a sister property of the Grapetree Beach - is scheduled to reopen Dec. 1 after major refurbishing.
''This is just to show we're concerned about mental illness and we certainly did not mean any harm,'' he said.
The Greenpeace bids were returned unopened after a Federal judge in Boston halted the lease sale anyway.
Nearly all the invited guests were there - Connie, Jarrett, Alyne Payton, his mother; Bud Holmes, his attorney; Roland Harper, his good friend and former teammate, and several other people he had wanted there.
Diplomats said they believed Mr. Castro and Mr. dos Santos would give priority to analysis of recent negotiations between Angola and South Africa, the status of South-West Africa, also known as Namibia, and the continued presence of Cuban troops in Angola.
Argentina is seeking a $1.1 billion loan from the I.M.F.
Technically, he is on the staff of Waseda University in Tokyo, but he basically operates on his own, supported by contributions from companies such as S & B Foods, a major Japanese manufacturer of preservatives that keeps Seko and other runners on the payroll.
''Instead, we now eat less meat and flour-based gravies and more ethnic foods made with herbs, spices and other flavorings.''
*Cut the breast meat into bite-size pieces.
Over the last four years, 71 individual buildings were designated in Manhattan, compared with 24 in Brooklyn, 14 in the Bronx, 9 in Queens and 10 on Staten Island.
The dump has been closed for many years.
Perhaps in a year they would make the Super Bowl.
What they describe is a world divided so completely into haves and have-nots that to feel safe they need to be ensconced near the top.
At Yankee Stadium in New York, for example, the two gift shops generate gross revenue ''in the seven figures,'' according to the team's president, Eugene McHale.
John Minsch, of the United States Geological Survey's National Earthquake Information Center in Golden, Colo., said the quake occurred at 2:30 A.M. and registered 5 on the open-ended Richter scale, milder than the 5.5 quake that struck the state on Oct. 18.
''No matter how strong the wind of evil may blow, it cannot extinguish the flame of truth,'' Tinley Nyandak, a Tibetan activist, said, quoting the Dalai Lama, the Tibetan Buddhist leader.
During the 1960's, Mr. Marley appeared in ''Cat Ballou'' and ''America America,'' and his starring role in ''Faces'' earned wide acclaim.
(Some would say a cat is one of the higher orders; it depends on your vantage point.)
*Remove roast from pan and set aside for 30 minutes.
These Syrian-backed groups want to embarrass both men and demonstrate that their ''defeatist'' diplomatic approaches are bankrupt.
Mary T. Meagher got her third gold medal, winning the women's 200-butterfly, and Mike O'Brien upset his teammate, George DiCarlo, in the 1,500-freestyle.
The World Series is, as Teddy Roosevelt once said of the Presidency, ''a bully pulpit.''
Because New Jersey Transit runs through Point Pleasant Beach to New York City, the area also has become a suburban bedroom community.
''Not every great violinist automatically went to Stradivari or Guarneri,'' Mr. Pickering stated.
If the surgery is sufficiently novel, there may be grant or foundation money available to defray most of the costs.
Satellites are the eyes and ears that verify arms control pacts.
It will never, never happen.''
Page fought most of the fight backed against the ropes.
In 1981, they put aside their earlier efforts to describe a law that they could accept and get passed, and supported the Hatch amendment instead.
The President has little use for Federal activism, so he didn't push for much.
Charles Sternberg, the executive director of the International Rescue Committee that oversees the Joint Voluntary Agency in Thailand, said he planned to ask for a review of the two cases.
To the Editor: Your flippant comments about the Queens Borough President's annual report (''The State of Things,'' Topics Jan. 29) indicate a fundamental misunderstanding of the nature of the City of New York.
''I've never been able to say that before.''
Guy Sullivan, a senior fullback, carried 30 times for 175 yards and four touchdowns.
The West German Government has been hoping to prevent a deterioration of relations with East Germany.
''You had a source in a four- or five-mile-an-hour breeze.
Eventually, Giuliano was on his own with his two sons - Carlo Joseph and Arthur Alphonse - in their own retail shop at 115 Piccadilly.
Cover and bake at 375 degrees until rhubarb is soft, about 25 minutes.
And the Russians are now boycotting Los Angeles to protect themselves and prove that they don't like Ronald Reagan.
But if short-term rates do take off, many companies could be badly burned.
On the S.S. Manhattan going over, all the athletes were in steerage, but I went up to first class every chance I got.
With a 5-2 season record that includes losses to Penn State and West Virginia, the Eagles remain a bowl-game attraction primarily because of him.
A Haywood County, N.C., native, he began his performing career at the age of 12 in Spartanburg, S.C.
The declarer had some explaining to do to his partner and teammates, while East-West had a story to tell: A defensive triple squeeze to defeat a laydown contract does not happen every day.
The group-home program, which consists of a $2.13 million line of credit at the Connecticut Bank and Trust Company in Hartford to finance initial costs, ''is setting a national model,'' said Martin Legault, executive director of the Corporation for Independent Living.
Are there lessons to be learned from this by other universities?
''Even so, a President's coattails barely touch the ground,'' said Claibourne Darden, an Atlanta-based pollster who is predicting a landslide vote for Mr. Reagan in the region.
Notable among the offerings, which date from ancient Egypt to contemporary Britain, are several paintings and sculptures by Henry Moore.
Two of his sons, Bryan Jr. and Dennis, played briefly for the Rangers in the 1960's.
When she was asked what made her angriest, her chin tilted high.
Mr. Taft, the 38-year-old great- grandson of William Howard Taft, the 27th President of the United States, has been serving as general counsel of the Defense Department.
Great Snakes Discussing animal myths in ''Biophilia'' (Harvard), Edward O. Wilson recalls the folklore inspired by snakes in the region where he grew up, the Panhandle of northern Florida and Alabama.
''It stayed right up there.''
''I'm in real good shape,'' he said, ''but I still need time.
This would bring billions to the Long Beach plant and go far toward achieving the balance Mr. Worsham is seeking.
MR. JACKSON: If we in fact have new leadership that replaces old leadership basically going in the same direction not sharing parity with farmers, not sharing the ticket with a woman, increasing the military budget, resisting a real commitment to enforce the Voting Rights Act, that's a new face, or new name of an old game.
In the Jan. 1-April 10 period, with 85 selling days this year and 84 last year, the companies sold a total of 2,205,004 vehicles, or 25,941 a day, up 35.4 percent from 1983.
It is 275 feet wide.
''Look at my sink,'' he said.
He predicted that he would win ''a majority of the delegates'' at stake in New Jersey, California, New Mexico, South Dakota and West Virginia.
Add the yolk mixture, beating rapidly with a wire whisk.
In addition, in neighborhoods like the East Village, which only a few years ago was thought of as a crime-ridden slum area, studios are renting for $600 a month and up and one-bedroom apartments for $900 and more.
''It is a clear and pointed message versus a blur, and Mondale is the blur,'' the editor said.
We regret that because of the large volume of mail received, we are unable to acknowledge or to return unpublished letters.
The International Organization of Masters, Mates and Pilots, representing ship captains and first mates, is ''refusing to man the ships,'' said Sam Thompson, spokesman for the 15,000- member union, which is based here.
Mr. Mondale favors such legislation, which is controversial here because of fears that foreign governments would retaliate against Wisconsin farm equipment exporters.
Friday President Reagan is to deliver a foreign policy address before the Georgetown Center for Strategic and International Studies.
Elisabeth Kopp, Mayor of the wealthy suburb of Zumikon on the outskirts of Zurich, rejected as baseless the allegations against her husband, Hans, a lawyer.
Mr. Helms dissociated himself from the statement and emphatically denied that Mr. Falwell was his adviser.
And he achieved it by a route almost as indirect as a luge run.
''My final words are 'I am innocent,' '' Mr. Henry said before the death hood was dropped over his face.
''But I think it was very good for him to see me showing emotion,'' she said.
Earlier this month, Congress authorized the Department of Education to support such training programs, appropriating $20 million for principal centers in every state.
He finished with a .248 batting average, and hit 12 home runs and knocked in 50 runs in 355 times at bat.
It confirmed that the blacklist included the names of Walter Cronkite, Ralph Nader, Coretta Scott King, John Kenneth Galbraith, Senator Gary Hart of Colorado and Representative Jack Brooks of Texas.
Mr. French said, ''In addition to the human suffering it causes, drug trafficking can reach into segments of society that we have come to trust the most.''
When Mr. de Mesones pleaded guilty in Alexandria, Va., in December, he had admitted concocting medical credentials for at least 100 people.
But Mr. LeFevre said a test of the 1,080 level in the Dow might be needed before any thought could be given to the ''resumption of the bull market.''
Comedy Caucus: Mark Russell, the political satirist, opens a two-day run of his ''Comedy Caucus'' at Ford's Theater.
With a short, pink human arm, the creature holds a steering wheel.
Green, told the jury that Mr. Arocena had founded Omega 7 in 1974 and then ''orchestrated'' murder plots and terrorist bombings in Manhattan and Miami for several years.
The rookie catcher John Gibbons, now injured, looms as an eventual fixture, but he's inexperienced, too.
A pregame beer party spilled out of two houses near Purdue University early today and a mob of 200 people smashed car windows and threw bottles at the police.
That takes someone who knows what he's doing.
They were the toast of the nation until they broke up and Hart died in a mental institution.
But it is much more than that.
Condemnation may begin next year, the U.D.C.
''The thrust of this product is its position as a fragrance,'' said William J. Ryan, president of the company's personal care division.
Senator Alan K. Simpson, Wyoming Republican, said, ''It doesn't seem timely or seemly to be doing the jockeying now.''
-- King Fahd of Saudi Arabia held talks in Jidda today with two high-ranking Syrian officials in an effort to find ways to keep the war between Iran and Iraq from spreading to other countries in the gulf.
Thomson-CSF, a member of the Paris-based Thomson Group, is one of the biggest electronic companies in Europe.
The Dow Jones industrial average finished the session off 1.57 points, to 1,242.88, after tumbling 14.66 points the day before because of concern over interest rates and the slowing pace of the economy.
Her mother, Katherine Wright, 25, was listed in critical condition with severe burns at the Nassau County Medical Center.
He was chairman of the Peabody Coal Company from 1977 to 1978, and from 1975 to 1977, he served as chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission.
That is where ''She Stoops to Conquer'' will open October 10.
Church Much the Same The past is everywhere here.
From the start, and through all three drafts of the letter, the then Bishop O'Connor was the conservative, pro-military voice on the committee.
One reason for the two-year phase-out of brokered deposits was to allow Congress to act, the agencies said.
''That's what we try to work toward.''
The rating represents the percentage of all television sets in the nation; the share is the percentage of all sets turned on.
*Heat the butter in a heavy skillet large enough to hold the tomatoes in one layer.
It would have been easier if he had worked for a corporation and was a 9-to-5 person.
The bank is expected to announce the winner by the end of this week, or early next week.
His daughter, Mrs. Donald Friday of Geneva, said the name of the show was changed to the ''The Lone Ranger'' and the Indian character Tonto was added after the show moved to Detroit, where it achieved network status and national fame.
Commission to extend the kind of controls in effect in carbon steel to pipe and tube,'' the American official said.
However, the official said, withdrawal of a separate occupation force that has been in southern Angola for about two years hinges on the Angolans' giving ''clear indications'' that they will respect the pullout.
Until a few years ago Mr. Kumin did not spend Christmas with his family.
The Children's Defense Fund recently surveyed 46 states to determine the effects of Reagan Administration cuts in child care.
*Mold it into a ball, wrap in wax paper and refrigerate for 2 hours.
The blazer is a key element.
*4*NATIONAL HOUSING TRENDS *4*(In thousands of units, seasonally adjusted annual rates) June June 1983 Change Starts 1,886 1,743 x 8% Completions 1,711 1,368 x 25% Sales 620 655 - 5% *4*Source: Census Bureau, U.S. Department of Commerce *4*MORTGAGE INTEREST RATES (Averages) New York Conventional 14.42 14.44 13.85 Rollovers 13.65 13.69 13.14 Adjustable Rate 12.28 12.30 11.59 *4*Source: HSH Associates New Jersey Conventional 14.41 14.39 13.86 Rollovers 13.56 13.56 13.14 Adjustable Rate 12.52 12.51 11.59 *4*Source: HSH Associates Connecticut Conventional 14.41 14.45 13.93 Rollovers 13.50 13.50 13.34 Adjustable Rate 11.89 12.00 11.71 *4*Source: The Millard Group Inc. Co-ops (N.Y.C) Conventional 14.89 14.88 14.00 Rollovers 13.75 13.85 13.43 Adjustable Rate 12.42 12.41 12.00 *4*Source: HSH Associates Conventional mortgages have fixed rates and terms, with payments that amortize the debt by the end of the term.
It is also for the older and the younger - or, as I see it - for kids of all ages.
The staff charged them with practices that involved ''negligence,'' with ''careless disregard of responsibilities'' and of covering up various violations and permitting falsification of records.
After endorsing Judge Roszkowski's recommendation that lawyers for both parties meet to discuss a settlement, Wirtz said, ''We'd like to see it happen.
So what if you're king of the mountain?
If the paper was hung directly over the gypsum board and no paint or sealer was applied first, it may be impossible to remove the wallpaper without doing extensive damage to the paper facing on the wall panels (painting or priming the gypsum board panels before the wallpaper was hung would have prevented this).
CBS feature stories have a way of dragging on.''
But as in marathon running, there is some evidence that women are narrowing the gap.
Ellen Ash was born in Berlin on March 21, 1930.
Now it is usually overshadowed, even though its demands make it one of the most exciting Olympic events.
But Federal regulators are now having reservations about the addition of new index products.
Chris Speier moved the runner to third with a sacrifice and pinch hitter Steve Braun dropped a run- scoring double into shallow left.
Criticism Softened in Editing This spring, the institute will publish an edited version of the conversations with Mr. Morgado and other Carey administration officials, with the goal of making these experiences available to present and future state officials as well as scholars.
The companies have always been lukewarm toward the project because it is long-term and speculative.
Senator Arlen Specter, Republican of Pennsyvania, who cosponsored the proposal, said, ''There's no principle of American jurisprudence more fundamental than that a person is presumed innocent until proven guilty.''
The caption of a front-page picture from United Press International on Tuesday misidentified a Salvadoran guerrilla leader.
Before improvements could be made, the company was forced out of the civil field by Government demands that it concentrate on a new generation of military craft.
Though there is not a bad one among the dozen or so offered, some are pallid.
Surely it would take a genius as persuasive as his to replace Lawrence's self-portrait in ''Sons and Lovers'' or the portrayals of his rough and sullen coal-miner father and his schoolteacher mother so convinced of her superiority to her husband, bent on inculcating in her son her own emotions of embattled pride.
Fourteen shell casings from an automatic weapon were found at the scene, together with several rounds of live ammunition from another weapon.
- Anna Shapiro * HERETICS OF DUNE.
Burroughs Detroit-based Burroughs said second-quarter net income rose to $57.3 million, or $1.26 a share, from $42.6 million, or $1.01 a share, a year earlier.
University of Michigan: Dr. Dale H. Peterson, mathematics; Dr. Richard I. Hume and Dr. Pamela A. Raymond, neuroscience; Dr. Carl E. Wieman, physics.
Phil and Steve Mahre of Yakima, Wash., who had been among the favorites to win a gold medal in the men's giant slalom at the XIV Olympic Winter Games, instead finished eighth and 17th, respectively.
Prospects for reauthorizing and strengthening the statute this year have dimmed in the last few days, according to those following the legislative debate.
But the gunman turned without responding and stepped through the door at the end of the car.
Voters Only enrolled Democrats are eligible to vote, and the deadline to register or to enroll in the party was March 13.
But Mondale supporters in Ohio, Michigan and Illinois say that while there are signs that wavering Democrats are beginning to return to their party, Mr. Mondale's effort may have come too late to overcome what appears to be a commanding Reagan lead in this region of high unemployment and economic distress.
This may seem a complex economic problem with a simple political solution for Mr. Reagan.
The unnamed protagonist of ''Rockaby'' does just the opposite.
Since then, however, laureates have always been appointed for life.
A top Government official recently accused the Bishop of being a leftist and of using the Government's transfer of the refugees for his political gain.
The Secretary of Labor, Raymond J. Donovan, is on leave of absence and under criminal indictment in the Bronx.
Why had he returned for the reunion?
And the scoring seems fair.
Densely constructed and prevalently dissonant, it is by no means doctrinaire, full of wit and contained lyricism.
He would then extract the cells from their home in the mouse's spleen and make them coalesce with a kind of cancer cell that can thrive indefinitely in test tubes.
Called an Adventurer For Mr. Remond, the National Front calls neither for violence nor for the destruction of French political institutions.
His father is a physician.
After a protracted debate in mid-1967 between General Westmoreland's command and the C.I.A.
Golden, city attorney of Quincy, on the southern edge of Boston harbor, was running along the beach when he saw that the tide had left mounds of sewage.
Nobel laureate Murray Gell-Mann whimsically called the entities quarks.
On Saturday nights, they come in droves from surrounding towns to cheer his rawhide arm, his deadly eye, his sprinting stride.
Slippage Against Mark The evidence to date seems to be on the side of the gradualists, who see the dollar coming down at a moderate rate.
Later developments are reported today on Page B7.
1 after the bowl games are played.
Like many families where husband and wife each have income and assets, the Zaccaros also pooled resources to educate their children.
In Dublin, the public appeared to react to Mr. Reagan's presence with almost universal indifference.
Practice Near Bulldog Stadium If the Giants had been at home for Christmas, and still alive in the playoffs, all this would have taken place in Giants Stadium.
The Administration's closed briefings and public statements have been straightforward and factual, with no hype and certainly no ''public clamoring.''
With the playoffs approaching, the Islanders have lost two straight games, some of the players are complaining about being benched, and their great goal-scorer, Mike Bossy, is concerned that his shots don't have ''eyes'' lately.
''He said, 'I have to go to school,' '' his wife remembered.
He might have arrived at these notions anyway, even if his thinking had not followed that particular path.
The Trek to Strasbourg Every month some 500 directly elected members of the European Parliament travel to Strasbourg from points as far away as northern Denmark and the south of Sicily to exercise ''democratic control'' over the Community's functioning.
About 300 government, business and civic leaders ate box lunches in a large tent next to the plant, listened to local high school bands and to speeches, then toured the 15-story-tall incinerator, which was built on a Hudson River promontory, Charles Point.
carries a series of documented calls by dowsers on offshore drilling.
That doesn't mean he is dissatisfied with the style of his accomplishments, but somewhere deep inside there lurks a part of him that once - maybe twice, if it's not asking too much?
''If we win today, we march Tuesday,'' Todd Rosensweig, the Celtics' director of marketing and communications, said several hours after the Celtics routed the Los Angeles Lakers, 121-103, Friday night.
This year, Dr. Kollas said, some areas of Connecticut will not have many surviving peaches.
The residents hire an overall manager for special projects only.
In addition, the Brooklyn and Manhattan District Attorneys have been looking into Mr. Alvarado's dealings.
He talks about baseball the way Tom Lasorda brags of having ''Dodger-blue blood.''
In addition, Warner is to pay $8 million to News International P.L.C., the Murdoch subsidiary that owned the stock, as compensation for legal expenses and other costs incurred during the struggle for control.
Mr. Safra also has a controlling stake in the Republic National Bank of New York, and some people in the banking industry saw that as a conflict of interest that might bar him from the American Express post.
Now it is promising to undo its reputation as arguably the world's worst major airline.
The United States has said opposition groups in Nicaragua cannot fully participate in the election unless it is postponed.
But stealing melons in Peking in broad daylight could not be tolerated, said People's Daily.
In many cases, they perceived a big potential for service exports.
Miss Savitskaya went into space July 18 along with Mr. Dzhanibekov and Igor Volk aboard the Soyuz T-12 space capsule and linked up with the Salyut-7 space station, where three other astronauts have been in orbit for more than five months.
There are concerts every Friday at 2 P.M. and Saturday at 8 P.M., with tickets ranging from $13 to $33.50 and $5 for rush seats, available Friday and Saturday mornings.
The problem is not exactly one of belief.
Nor are we talking about land rich in mineral resources.
b-Includes gains from the sale of tax benefits of $11,100,000 for the quarter and $27,500,000 for the year, and a tax credit of $14,900,000 for the quarter and year.
Ballets or concerts may be heard throughout the season in the city's smaller halls.
For the reader unfamiliar with the Philippines, this does add a useful, contemporary dimension to the book.
To regain her strength, the former Englewood resident chose to stay here with a niece, Elizabeth DeKovessey, 56, until she could return to her apartment.
They are bonds that guarantee anonymity to the holder because no record of ownership is listed on the certificate or maintained by the issuer.
Like law enforcement officials everywhere, Florida officials frequently blame the Federal courts for many of their difficulties.
In 1982, a Federal district judge in Florida issued a similar ruling against the Palm Beach County School Board.
He said a solution had to be based on several principles, including ''the right of each state to live within secure, recognizable and guaranteed borders,'' a formulation that, in the code words of diplomacy, is a call for Arab countries to recognize Israel's right to exist.
Communist labor unions in Lisbon have promised demonstrations against Mr. Botha's visit to Portugal - his first stop - charging that it represents an endorsement of South Africa's policies of apartheid, or strict racial separation.
get out of the country.''
It would not serve the best interests of New York State, and a hasty decision to sign it could undermine the state's ability to protect the health and safety of its citizens.
The camera could take prospective guests on a quick tour of available rooms, show furnishings and the view, available sports facilities and other recreational options, along with a price list.
The audience for ''Cheers'' has grown dramatically this year, making it a strong lead-in for ''Hill Street.''
Nevertheless, those of us in the industry firmly believe that without the breathing spell that would be provided by temporary import relief, significant, continued erosion of the domestic machine tool manufacturing base will occur.
Whether Miss Bausch's proclivity for having people bash themselves against walls or manhandle each other is a subliminal darker side of German art or the German character is a question some say should be raised.
The evening gathers some steam once its two savvy stars, Ron Moody (Fagin) and Patti LuPone (Nancy), make their belated entrances, but, even then, ''Oliver!''
''The amazing thing is how little known and used, until recent years, ginger was in the West,'' said Mr.
Casper, a 52-year-old Hall of Fame golfer, shot a final round of 7-under- par 65, which tied the record for the 6,672-yard Hillcrest golf course set by Hollis Stacy in 1981.
Mr. Spano had said that a county takeover of services from Yonkers would be ''on an in-kind basis, using existing personnel.''
The experts' work focused on the imaging devices.
These patients are able to live out their remaining years in the dignity and comfort of their own homes.
Vickers is an important part of the equation because it had run a successful butter promotion effort for the Canadian equivalent of the dairy association.
According to the leaders of national and state medical societies, a freeze in fees would not have much of an impact because most local physician groups have already embraced a voluntary freeze recommended in February by the Board of Trustees of the American Medical Association.
The Administration's negative view of the press seems to be shared by much of the public.
As the Democrat worked his way toward California, Mr. Reagan's home territory, there were some poignant moments as Mr. Mondale's scrappy underdog politicking yielded to quiet reflections on the values that have guided his political career for more than two decades.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
My classmates held a baby shower for Larry and me, and presented us with a fabulous assortment of items for infants.
That Maine's oldest sardine cannery was built in 1876?
Predictions about America in the next decade.
But she also knows how to talk, a talent she will demonstrate tonight at 8:30 when she will be the guest, at Lincoln Center's Alice Tully Hall, of Dr. William Berkowitz, who has made talk a popular and steady attraction for 33 years with his ''Dialogue Forum'' series.
Her father is the retired owner of Rogers Furniture Stores in Detroit.
Mr. Bialkin, a 54-year-old senior partner in the firm of Willkie Farr & Gallagher, succeeds Julius Berman, president of the Union of Orthodox Jewish Congregations of America, who completes his second one-year term as head of the conference on June 30.
''If you can average your income, you should ,'' said Lester Marks, a partner at Ernst & Whinney.
In 1974, Stephens was training Judger and Cannonade.
Hawks vs. Milwaukee Bucks, at Atlanta.
'' Such a pronouncement was often followed by a more self-effacing observation: ''You know, darling, Cole Porter wrote 'Miss Otis Regrets' for me, but I'm no singer, I'm a personality.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
That programmatic work, which we'll discuss in a moment, isn't by any means yet complete, but I think we are living through a phase something like that of the intellectual preparation before the New Deal.
Saddle River $585,500 *2*6 Bayberry Drive, 6-bedroom, 4 1/2-bath, *2*9-year-old contemporary; pool, cabana, deck, *2*2 acres; taxes $4,567.
Since they are appreciated, they attract very large audiences.
The company said it had decided to reduce its valuation of certain assets, creating a $765 million write-off to be charged against fourth quarter earnings.
But he added that exemptions from one regulation or another to allow the loading of fuel were not uncommon in the nuclear industry.
Another goal, according to Stuart Saft, a Manhattan lawyer who is vice president of the council, is to set up a mediation service for members.
Their coach was very bold to go to a wishbone without any experience in it.
Dr. King became a voice for the morality of the civil rights movement and its commitment to nonviolence.
I'm not at all imaginative, except in my mind.''
Thus modest wage gains are likely to put little pressure on prices.
And in 1984, ''we will be clearly stronger than last year,'' said the 52-year-old former salesman.
Studies of this kind invariably give the lie to determinist history.
Their collective character has changed little over the years.
He said outstanding teachers ought to engage in peer review and decide who gets tenure, a notion that is anathema to those who say it would divide teachers if anyone except administrators assessed their performance.
In fact, many faculty members openly contend that Mr. Bok, a law professor, did not fully understand the difference between studying legal and business cases.
Among such displays one should single out what could be called Diaghilev's Ten Commandments to his dancers in a typed copy titled ''Regulations.''
In a closing scene that has him disclosing one last detail of the conspiracy, both Mr. Torn and his character just about take the cake.
The storms that drenched the New York metropolitan area yesterday sent rivers and streams in New Jersey spilling over their banks, washed out roads and subway tracks, cut off power to thousands of residents and forced dozens to flee their homes.
If they don't take them it is clear that no amount of aid could solve your difficulties.''
The Yankees ended a five-game losing streak, all on the road in Chicago and Milwaukee, and scored one run less than they had in their previous five games combined.
He was among 300 semifinalists recently chosen from among 14,000 American high school seniors in the Westinghouse Science Talent Search.
The only reminder of those years is a front tooth that glitters with a gold cap, an old roller-skating injury.
On Sunday a preview of the fall festival, called ''An Amerindian Feast,'' was held; although pemmican was not on the menu there were excellent charcoal broiled buffalo steaks.
Mikhail Baryshnikov, Ballet Theater's director, has been responsible for the modification of the company's previous production.
Even his supporters realize that Mr. Reagan is a politician.
Almost Every Evening Mr. Barnes and Mr. Parris say that in addition to meeting constituents at breakfasts and on weekends, they stop on their way home to speak to one or two civic groups almost every evening.
The Audi system has already prompted imitations in Europe and at least one American auto company, Chrysler, has four-wheel-drive models under development.
Their opponents have said they fear the coal could burn out of control, ruining their homes and their valley, like the fire that has been burning for 20 years only 10 miles away and is now forcing the evacuation of the town of Centralia.
"If we're down by three points in New Jersey, we're pouring everything into New Jersey, said a Mondale adviser.
Most youngsters, however, are not likely to burden Mom and Dad in this instance.
Camaraderie Abounds ''Jan and I had a good go at the Pepsi,'' Miss Larrieu said, ''and now, it seems like we have more of a camaraderie than a rivalry.
Exit the Kazoos Within a year, the kazoos were gone, and the nucleus of the present band, which includes Efrem Towns on trumpet, Kevin Harris on tenor saxophone and Jenell (Chi-lite) Marshall on snare drum, was in place.
Now we'll work to keep those principles in practice.
He is totally Balanchinian, however, in identifying Miss Hadley's role with the violin solos in the pit.
He is Bernard Rowinski Jr., 28 years old, of Crugers.
He explained, ''My whole career has been breaking open those cells to try to reproduce in a test-tube reaction what is actually taking place in the cells.''
He was asked if the honors were justified.
''He doesn't think he's doing an evil thing.
The card is accompanied by an ID Discount Guide, detailing the discount programs available in every participating country, as well as offering several pages of discount coupons for sightseeing, sports, folklore programs, wilderness tours and boat trips.
I've thought about this a few times but not a lot.
The eastern vice president of the hotel union and the chief negotiator at Yale, John W. Wilhelm, said that ''the labor movement long was comfortable'' with industrial workers, construction workers, some service workers and, beginning in the 60's, government workers.
Pressley scored 15 points in the first half, including 10 of the Wildcats' final 14 points before intermission.
'Have to Move on This' ''The other side of the coin is that we have a schedule we have to adhere to,'' he said.
He said that the clause allowing the swap might make the deal more palatable to Public Sevice's partners in Maine Yankee, who must approve the arrangement.
For the uninitiated, prices at some of the larger Washington package stores are considerably lower than in adjoining states, so many commuters buy their supplies in the city and drive them home.
But Mr. Murray's message may not be getting through.
The suit, filed on behalf of Dane Strother, editor of The Daily Reveille, accuses the university of infringing on the First Amendment guarantees of a free press by censoring advertisement.
A large influx of illegal aliens, prompted perhaps by further turmoil in Central America, could intensify the pressure on Congress to restrict all immigration.
But the easing of relations is not as far-reaching as that achieved by China and the United States and will not be for many years, officials on both sides say.
The program, he said, has saved the state millions of dollars.
John Halbert, vicar general of the society, defended the recent political activism of Maryknoll in a news conference early in the meetings.
Mr. Batchelor, who remains chairman and chief executive officer of the company, had held the title of president since last January, when Byron Ellison resigned.
And although the number of hotels, restaurants and airlines honoring credit cards increases every day, merchants such as taxi drivers and launderers will probably never take plastic.
1 and the New Museum of Contemporary Art are taking up the slack.
Eugene O'Brien, president of the Fairfield (Conn.) Preparatory School, performed the ceremony at St. Ignatius Loyola Roman Catholic Church in New York.
Mr. Christensen served as ballet master of Ballet Society and the New York City Ballet, later Balanchine-Kirstein companies.
''Are we going to create government that centralizes the institutions of power to control social and economic activity, Federal control, Federal domination, Federal everything?
Mr. Trumbull said Mr. Mahaun took no responsibility for Miss Fraser's death when questioned by the police on Aug. 8, nor did he allude to the murder in a suicide note that he left to his family.
''There doesn't seem to be any contravention of legislation,'' Mr. Hughes said when asked whether Mr. Jackson had violated the Logan Act.
The move comes amid reports that GTE has suffered a sharp drop in sales for its least expensive telephones and may soon leave this business to concentrate on higher-price home telephones and phones for industry.
Then, beginning in 15th-century Germany, the golem took on the character of a real creature formed from dust and clay by sublimely spiritual leaders.
It was the fifth straight loss for the North Stars.
New York is the most exciting city in the world.
There is, for example, the one-for- one concession strategy - as when Mrs. Edelman felt the children were watching too much television and too much television violence.
It is easy enough to ridicule the economists for their frequent disagreements in both analysis and forecasting.
With the changing times, 6 men have joined the 10 women taxi dancers, and it now costs $1 to rent one of the partners celebrated in the 1930 Rodgers and Hart song: ''Ten cents a dance - That's what they pay me; Gosh how they weigh me down!
Her father is an internist at the Newport Hospital.
The Western diplomat said the previous Deputy Defense Minister, Major General Khalilullah, was suspended after he had beaten up Defense Minister Abdul Qader in an argument over army strategy against the insurgents.
The Colorado Senator said he, too, opposed second primaries that were revealed to be discriminatory in ''state by state analysis.''
Since last August, he added, 665 families have been moved from hotels into permanent apartments.
The Kentucky delegation will total 63.
In a poll, 64 percent of the Social Democratic Party members approved Mrs. Uchtenhagen as their candidate.
Person, by virtue of his long service, could receive $500,000 or more in cash from Mortimer Zuckerman, the Boston real estate developer who has announced his intention to purchase the Washington- based weekly news magazine from its employees, who own it under a profit- sharing plan.
Raymond B. Connell, director of inspections for the township, said that under local regulations the park was allowed to operate the castle without smoke detectors for six years because the attraction was classified as a temporary structure.
The settlement set a goal of 20 percent minority occupancy over the next 15 years at 86 apartment developments other than Starrett City that were built in the city with state subsidies under the Mitchell-Lama housing program.
''No one accepted,'' Craig reports.
STRINGING ALONG Michael Lorimer, the guitarist, has an impressive resume.
They offer the fast heat conductivity of aluminum, but, unlike aluminum, they do not react with acidic foods.
We have a similar problem within the left.
''It's a bitter tempest in a community teapot along Fifth Avenue,'' said Eugene Gold, director of the Park Slope-Fifth Avenue Local Development Corporation.
Rates on new Treasury bills dropped more than half a percentage point from last week's auctions, with the three-month issue averaging 8.82 percent.
Nationwide comparisons are difficult because of the two different testing programs used by the state college systems in the various states.
Visiting students will be treated to guided tours of the exhibits with special emphasis on those by young exhibitors.
The dividend increase ''has taken a lot of people by surprise,'' said Robert T. Fertig, president of Enterprise Information Systems, a Greenwich, Conn., high-technology consulting concern.
Letters for publication should include the writer's name, address and telephone number.
With 4:09 left, a layup by Woolridge gave the Bulls a 96-91 lead.
This is composed of two triangular sections of a grid numbered in red chalk and marked at its intersections with blobs of black.
National elections must be held by January.
15 JANE'S HOUSE, by Robert Kimmel Smith.
Government officials said this week that Thailand intends to make a strong bid for a seat on the United Nations Security Council this fall.
Stephen Alastair Wanta, an architect, and Jessica Rachel Wolff, a graduate student at New York University, were married yesterday.
But a Treasury spokesman, Charles Powers, said that this did not figure importantly in the decision to release the document today.
Muriel O'Donnell, a spokesman for First United, confirmed by telephone the receipt of the subpoena from the Federal Home Loan Bank Board and said a response was sent earlier this month.
The commission is to meet at an undisclosed site in late November to study ways to ''humanize'' the conflict.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Lists Purchased by Aspin In the last year, Mr. Aspin used public funds drawn from his personal office allowance to purchase computerized lists of the names and addresses of thousands of Wisconsin voters outside his district.
b-After income from discontinued operations of $96,483 and a tax credit of $80,775.
Statement of Principles Most news organizations forbid reporters to have business relations with people they are covering.
Wild lupine grows where the soil is depleted, thin, dry and lacking in nutrients, and there is irony to the spectacular beauty of a Hill Country spring.
The result: The case was settled when Mr. Breen agreed not to discuss any confidential Pepsi marketing information for a full year.
One of them shot him to death with a gun stolen from Charles Asbell's home.
Kantar's play would have worked just as well if West had begun with four clubs.
''There are increasing reports of frenzied violence for no reason, especially when there is resistance,'' an official said.
Dr. Axelrod's decision reminds one of the resistance of health administrators several years ago to the installation of CAT scanners in many of the nation's largest and most prestigious teaching hospitals.
Both red and green peppers were widely available in Europe before they became popular in the United States.
The money due creditors consists of accounts payable, payroll taxes, pension-plan contributions and payments to the New York Shakespeare Festival and the Minnie Parker Trust.
Shop workers notified the department in the hope that the raccoons would be rescued and set free in the wild.
He also has with him today a little ditty about New Jersey.
The bug on the Oliver telephone was discovered on Sept. 13, 1972.
Meanwhile, much of what we hear is reverential, even revelational.
He also is interested in seeing how well Challenge 12 performs and to see what the likes of Conner are up to.
Mr. Amatulli has been in the job for a little more than a year and inherited the case from his predecessor, Donald R. Warner.
For Senator John Glenn, it was 26 percent confident, 48 percent uneasy, and 26 percent no opinion.
Neither is total separation of church and state possible as a practical matter as government presence expands.
This remarkable, disquieting and many-layered show can be seen through April 11.
In the field, the Mets' 46 errors is the second lowest in the National League, behind St. Louis.
And a law regulating maximum fence height has been circumvented by a homeowner who first built a four-foot berm and then placed a six-foot fence atop it.
When the picture was shown in this small village, it was cropped so that only Mr. Abu Jumaa's face was visible, not the security men or the handcuffs.
Neil Reagan would also like everyone to know that it would help a lot if they would stop calling him with suggestions to pass on to his younger brother.
Mr. Salonga now says that he has decided to return to the Philippines, but his health is poor.
The stock market action began yesterday when the British company proposed to reduce the price of its North Sea oil by $1.35 a barrel, apparently to bring its price into line with Norway's.
To the Editor: In the report of the President's Cost Control Panel, its chairman, J. Peter Grace, joins the popular broadside attacks on the Federal retirement system (''Panel Says U.S. Can Trim Costs by $424 Billion,'' news article Jan. 13): Federal pensions are singled out as its major proposal for cost reduction.
There are always qualifications, always points pro and con.
A group of Polish dissidents said today that recent official criticism of the activities of the Rev.
* Data Card Corporation, Minneapolis, a high-technology company, is restructuring its international division into its world trade division and has named Steve Shamblott president of the new entity.
THIS is Rickey Henderson: 'He took off from second base with the pitch,'' Butch Wynegar related, recalling his most vivid memory of a Henderson escapade.
Most observers agree that the nation faces difficulties because economic development often skips certain regions or segments of the population.
By Colin and Jacqui Hawkins.
David Yerkes, the seller, said in an interview that Mrs. Hatfield had nothing to do with the sale, in November 1981.
It was enough to win and I'll be better next time.''
''Overseas Americans need to get active politically and make their voice heard and say this is nonsense,'' declared Mr. Sundberg of Democrats Abroad.
As a visual artist, he is not in the mainstream of Asian-American theater.
The most likely Republican pickup in New England, strategists say, is in New Hampshire's First District, where Bob Smith, a Republican real estate dealer, is said to have an edge over Dudley Dudley, an activist liberal Democrat.
At times, the compositions get too mechanical, juxtaposing blocks of music but not connecting them.
Two arches, the Trefoil Arch and the Greywacke Arch, both in the East 70's area of the park, are being refurbished.
He has come to woo the resistant nurse's aide, Sally Talley, who has defensively concealed herself in the shroud of ''a radical old maid.''
At their best, the Mets won 21 games and lost only 4 in July and held first place for 24 days.
The set designer, Paul Wonsek, and the director, Andrew Cadiff, have been extremely busy filling the small stage with enough paraphernalia to stock a yard sale.
The baby was sweating, her nose was running, and her body trembled.
''I didn't really think about it,'' Righetti says later.
Special plants had to be chosen to trap and hold the sand that blew ashore from sea sediment and dried between storms and other very high tides.
''They want to try to freeze that portion of the document calling for security guarantees.''
Senator Hatfield has acknowledged insensitivity to the need for proper appearances.
There are pictures to illustrate all the major events, of course, including artistic drawings of athletes in the soft pastels that are the ''official colors'' of the Los Angeles Games.
She did not say explicitly at that time that discussions of alternate arrangements were under way.
Turn the cake out onto a clean dish towel.
Accountings Were Promised The General Accounting Office, an investigative arm of Congress, said in a 1982 report that it had been denied access to the records of either of the private funds when it attempted to gain information about their contributions and expenditures.
Like so many women in fiction, Dina is susceptible to bouts of anxiety and dread, and she has made worrying her favorite habit.
The interviews, with a cross section of businessmen, intellectuals and political figures, show that this dissatisfaction is shared by Moslems and Christians, sometimes for the same reasons, sometimes for different ones.
Year-ago first quarter results include nonoperating revenue of $27 million from settlement of a natural gas contract dispute.
The llama was let out to pasture with the lambs, but 10 more lambs were killed anyway.
During a two-day strike by black workers last week, Tembisa was seized by rioting.
Certainly it is time for taste to demand that technology and style combine to soothe us all, the wearers and the weary.
Mr. Richardson also said that the management recruiting firms had become ''far more flexible'' about taking a look at ''outplaced'' people, that is, people who have been dismissed.
You get a running back in there and, bing, he goes for 10 yards, and all of a sudden we're rolling.
Walking and Shopping The essence of the community can be felt by walking the streets of ''Old Chinatown.''
At a City Hall news conference, the Mayor said, ''I don't in any way tie the results of this particular primary to my own election.''
For additional information, call (201) 736-3200.
Americans Are Casual Following the sign bearer was the American flag carried by Frank Masley of Newark, Del., at age 23 a four-time national luge champion.
For example, a statute in Maine demands that the public schools teach virtue and morality for not less than half an hour each week, including ''principles of morality and justice and a sacred regard for truth, love of country, humanity, a universal benevolence, sobriety, industry, and frugality, chastity, moderation and temperance, and all other virtues that ornament human society.''
The union contends that Yale is taking advantage of traditional low pay for women.
Lucie Vallee Haggerty was her sister's maid of honor.
''Everything is negotiable,'' Mr. Feldstein said repeatedly last week in reference to the $100 billion bipartisan deficit reduction plan the President seeks this year.
Complete Brandenburg Concertos of Bach; Y Chamber Symphony; Gerard Schwarz, director.
Government officials and gambling experts agree the major impetus behind the moves is the severe financial pressure on government budgets.
As for her qualifiers that our budget practices had victimized the poor and the needy, there is not one single fact or figure to substantiate that charge.
''It's by the original rhythm section of the mid- 60's Miles Davis band, with trumpet and sax played by the brothers Wynton and Branford Marsalis - straight-ahead acoustic jazz,'' Mr. Hancock said with a chuckle.
Jonny didn't even know these people.''
If one of the aims of Abstract Expressionist painters was to merge with the canvas, some of Zucker's paintings are inseparable from human bodies.
But I am not afraid.''
'Simply Make It Clear' But then Mr. Mondale opened a sheet of paper, repeated the Colorado Senator's remark, and said: ''I think if Gary Hart would simply make it clear that he did not intend any adverse implications there, make it clear that he's sorry for any adverse implications, I think that should be enough.''
Most of them were young and not very well known.
The program opens with a brief but spectacular aerial tour of Dublin and its environs.
Metropolitan A measure to speed criminal justice by eliminating a defendant's right to a jury trial in 70 relatively minor crimes was agreed on by key New York State legislators.
When's the misery going to end?'
Eileen Petruzillo, the principal at Jamaica, who lives in Manhasset, L.I., a center of high school lacrosse, urged George Baron last spring to form a team.
Nor did she submit one to Ohio State for use in its publicity for the book.
He is survived by his wife, Sylvia, of Bethesda; his sons, David Levine, of Burlington, Mass., Robert, of Rockville, Md., Michael, of Allentown, Pa., a daughter, Judith Levine, also of Bethesda, and two grandchildren.
''Everyone here lives off the sea,'' said Ixidor Echeverria, owner of a trawler named Urre Txindorra, the Nightingale.
As a result, these analysts now suggest that the gross national product, after adjustment for inflation, could expand at an annual rate of 4.5 percent to 6 percent in the fourth quarter.
His father is a private investor.
Comfort Stride has about a third of that, and L'eggs Sheer Energy two- thirds, Mr. DeSimone said, carefully guarding precise market share data.
''The most compelling reason for not proposing a national sales tax,'' the report explained, results from the revenue neutral ''context in which the Treasury conducted its review of the tax system.''
- ''As Edmund Burke said, you owe you constituents your judgment.
They were cited for such acts as rescuing a man from a burning building, rushing a shooting victim to a hospital and helping the police make arrests.
'Designers Showcase' Also in the Rhinebeck area tomorrow or Sunday, visitors can view examples of modern interior design at an exhibition called ''Designers Showcase '84'' at Grassmere, a 33- room Georgian mansion, from 10 A.M. to 4 P.M. (through Oct. 21).
It said the new businesses are Unidynamics Engineered Materials, Stamford; Unidynamics Defense Systems and Merchandising Systems, St. Louis, and Unidynamics Automation Systems, Troy, Mich.
Mr. Mondale, a man with a reputation for caution who made a precedent- breaking choice in running mates, cited Mrs. Ferraro as embodying the theme of political innovation that will drive his candidacy.
''Bill was attentive and wonderful: without Bill and Ken, there would not have been a 'Hoffmann' tonight.''
He tells how he customarily offers a floor-covering allowance for a kitchen, such as $3 a square foot.
The Mets lost Tom Seaver to the Chicago White Sox last month as compensation for Dennis Lamp, who had signed with the Toronto Blue Jays.
He entered the burgeoning movie business as associate director on such films as ''Scarlet Dawn,'' as co-director of ''The Match King'' and ''Women They Talk About,'' and dialogue director in the 1933 film ''The Picture Snatcher.''
Says John Deardourff, a veteran campaign consultant who worked on President Gerald R. Ford's campaign in 1976: ''Vietnam and Watergate together produced such a sense of doubt and skepticism that politicians came to the conclusion that it was hard to be credible with making promises.
He was 76 years old.
The $242 million increase in school aid, said State Senator James H. Donovan, chairman of the Senate Education Committee, will be realized with a new equalizing formula ''which more accurately measures a school district's ability to pay for its educational services.''
But it is impossible to be sympathetic to their tale because of the author's manipulation and self-indulgence.
''And the car fell apart in a week,'' Professor Stigler said.
Mr. Mattox, who met with Galveston prosecutors Friday to discuss the case, declined to say definitely that the state would again seek indictments for first-degree murder.
Avery There was also a second brief note, this one from Phil and Kathi Fischer, Avery's parents, explaining that ''even though we are both public-school music instructors, it was a coincidence that our daughter seems to be named after a concert hall.''
Beginning in mid-February, through the end of March, a series of six weekly departures offers seven days of skiing at Uladag, the resort area at Mount Olympus, and five days in Istanbul.
Asked by reporters whether Konstantin U. Chernenko, the Soviet leader, had met his comments about a possible summit meeting with a flat ''no,'' Mr. Reagan smiled and responded, ''Maybe we can get that 'round to a 'maybe' pretty soon.''
Thomas P. Puccio, Mr. Alvarado's attorney, was present at the start of the meeting, but left after about an hour.
And I think a Cuban black should be the one to do it.
Governor Lamm has another concern too: the case for mortality, as made by Dr. Leon Kass of the University of Chicago.
They might help the landlord in some situations.
Deborah Hecht, an associate professor of the Yale School of Drama, will conduct classes in diction.
He recorded albums like the bleakly uncompromising ''Berlin'' and unleashed a double album of screaming electronic noise, the infamous ''Metal Machine Music.''
''Publishers want to have a book on everything.
''A characterization reports a trend, the status of the race at that time.''
The most important Americana offering slated to be auctioned next Tuesday at 6:30 P.M. at Phillips, 79th Street, east of First Avenue, is a historical document, the 1674 order by Charles II of England for the acceptance of the Dutch surrender of New York, which made formal what had been an accomplished fact for 10 years.
Mr. Bush disappointed New Englanders when he brought the same message to them in a visit there last week.
After eliminating everyone under the age of 18 and people with a known history of hypertension or people on special, low-salt diets, the investigators were left with some 10,000 adult subjects who had reported what they ate in the previous 24 hours and had also had their blood pressures measured.
''But I have total faith in the President so I feel very good about campaigning for him.''
The most important considerations in selecting a margarine are, not necessarily in this order, its taste and its health properties - specifically the amount of polyunsaturated fat it contains.
At the Law School, Mr. Hart became director of the moot court, the mock court for first-year law students administered by third-year students.
''We placed a 60-second ad with seven radio stations in the area,'' said Mike Tolbert, who is in charge of advertising for the Bulls.
This administrative nightmare began in the Carter Administration.
Cable and Wireless was owned by the British Government from the end of World War II until 1981, when Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher's Conservative Government sold about half the company to private investors in one of the first steps in its privatization program.
Today, before leaving to fly back to Chicago, Mr. Jackson said he would continue to try to get Mr. Mondale to commit to specific plans on issues blacks are concerned about.
The first two visa applications by Mr. Fo - one of Italy's leading playwrights, an actor in his own work and a political gadfly - were rejected by the State Department, apparently because of Mr. Fo's leftist political beliefs.
He worked as a sheepherder and sheet-metal worker's apprentice before drifting into theatrics as a member of traveling stock companies, first as an actor and then as a baritone and musician.
Our nation is one of the richest on earth.
His pledge to stay on the economic course set in the campaign four years ago comes at a time of rising interest rates, which have upset the allies of the United States.
Our national history turns on the myth of a new people throwing off the dead hand of monarchy and false hierarchies, and making a free land.
But big plays sometimes come about because of luck, and luck doesn't continually offset fundamental problems, such as an offensive line that hasn't facilitated a strong rushing offense or done a good job protecting the quarterback.
Subotnick: I think it's very healthy, in the sense that cities are healthy - the development of ideas and the growth of common intelligence as a result of a cross-fertilization of ideas only possible in a city environment.
Emanuel Vardi, who played viola in the NBC Symphony as early as 1938, remembers the preparations even more vividly than the actual performances: ''Toscanini's rehearsals were some of the most breathtaking experiences I ever had, especially when he tooks things apart and put them together again to get that clarity out of an orchestra that very few conductors could, before or since.''
AS you walk up the entrance ramp to El Acapulco in South Norwalk, there is the suggestion of a fast-food eatery in the large, brightly lighted room with sturdy, inexpensive wooden chairs, laminated tabletops and plastic placemats.
''I don't want anything that will gather dust on state shelves,'' he said.
At 6 A.M. sharp, he leans to his left, uncovers a large shortwave radio and tunes in the BBC World Service to catch the international news.
Because owners use such different formulas and percentages, some archtectural firms, in exasperation, have given up calculating usable and rentable figures.
Shadowed against the sunny window was Mr. Eliot.
For more information, call 496-1222.
From Italy: Furla, Tanino Crisci, Santini e Dominici, Verri Uomo and Pratesi.
Save for Righetti Dave Righetti pitched a one-hit ninth inning for his 22d save of the season, equaling Rich Gossage's 1983 total.
Private clubs, by comparison, may charge several hundred dollars for introductory courses leading to license applications.
If he's happy, I'm happy.
Question: For a visit of a few weeks in Hawaii, preferably on Waikiki Beach, could you tell us where we can write for information on apartments or condominiums within walking distance of the beach?
After finishing his talk, he chatted at the head table for a few minutes and then returned to the microphone.
The 18-year-old Miss Zayak has never done well in the compulsory figures, and she has struggled all year to overcome injuries.
Very rarely do you get a very nice even 4 percent rate of growth.
After defeating Miss Leand, Miss Navratilova said: ''Well, I'll tell you what.
Senator Gary Hart, scrambling to flesh out a largely skeletal campaign organization in several key states, has signed up more than 100 delegate candidates from fallen rival candidates, his strategists say.
''Of course I can't tell you where that is, because that would violate their confidence.''
France and Truckers Resolve Some Issues PARIS, March 1 (Reuters) - Transport Minister Charles Fiterman said today that he had reached agreement with truck drivers on some of the grievances that led them to blockade roads across the nation last week.
''We see every type of fish you can imagine,'' said Steven Resler, a bay constable who has supervised the reef's construction.
(B5) But even though Mr. Cuomo has personally told Mr. Mondale and Mr. Reilly that he wanted off their wish-list, many Democratic Party figures here remain convinced that Mr. Cuomo is the choice of Mr. Mondale's heart.
Getting that majority to rethink the missions of Unesco is the real objective.
the apocalypse is coming, he believes, everyone might as well have a good time while they can.
''The argument that he makes that he saved people's jobs, in my judgment, is just wrong.''
A car bomb exploded today during the early morning rush hour in the South African port of Durban, the police said.
But it also seems likely that the sexual partner of a risk group member can be stricken.
CHRONICLE OF A DEATH FORETOLD.
As one Pentagon official said to Philip Taubman of The Times, ''What we need to do is translate concern about the military buildup in Nicaragua into support for renewed aid to the rebels.''
''It was as if a member of the family had died.''
'One of Greatest Ripoffs' But a Bishop Estate trustee, Myron Thompson, said the Supreme Court's decision ''has the ramifications of being one of the greatest ripoffs of this nation in the 20th century.''
These regional agreements generally allow interstate mergers and acquisitions between banks in states that are parties to the pact, while excluding others, notably New York and California.
How are the issues linked?
provides assurance that, in any arrangements that may be necessary to achieve a permanent solution, all depositors and other general creditors of the bank will be fully protected and service to the bank's customers will not be interrupted.
When lucrative musicals or dramas do appear these days, it is not certain they will come to Broadway.
''It was a little erratic at times, but not chaotic,'' said George DeLuna, a trader at the Irving Trust Company in New York.
Sept. 24, 1978 - Breaks left collarbone in game against Washington and misses next seven games.
Some golf traditionalists thought that his gallery's enthusiasm got a little out of control yesterday.
Already the music director of the Y Chamber Symphony in New York, Lincoln Center's Mostly Mozart Festival, a series of programs called Music Today at the Abraham Goodman House, the Waterloo Summer Festival in New Jersey and the Los Angeles Chamber Orchestra, he was recently named principal conductor of the Seattle Symphony.
Julie goes through most of the familiar matriculation rituals, from falling madly in love with the supposedly romantic French teacher who is fond of chocolate eclairs to having her poetry rejected by the school's literary gazette.
It was understood then that the coal output would be split until Occidental recouped its investment, after which China would get 60 percent and Occidental 40 percent.
MR. MONDALE: I believe that there's one fundamental flaw in the Simpson-Mazzoli Bill that requires that it not pass, in addition to the one that Reverend Jackson mentioned - and I agree with him totally.
The commission acted after 32 senators led by Bob Dole, Republican of Kansas, requested the delay.
An article Oct. 7 about a Congressional measure that establishes protected wetlands along the Connecticut coastline listed the bill's sponsors incompletely.
''Downhillers go a long time.
REAGAN: No, Morton, I don't agree to all of those things.
When they summed up their feelings at the end, the voters here unanimously criticized Mr. Mondale, but they offered somewhat vague reasons.
She and others familiar with the matter said that many service contracts provide protection that is available free under warranties.
Dr. DeVries learned more in the 112 days that Dr. Clark lived with the artificial heart ''than we ever did'' from the hundreds of animal experiments, he said.
'' Observe the generational transformation: To a mother, use of a handkerchief marks good manners.
Or is abortion not the destruction of life?
(A Pentagon spokesman said the Gallery joined the Sixth Fleet in the Mediterranean last October and entered the Indian Ocean in February.)
Revenues rose 17 percent in its electronics systems unit, however, and were up 13 percent in its flight systems unit.
''We always have 20 to 30 seniors taking education courses, but only a portion get accredited because they don't all do the practice teaching,'' said Edith M. MacMullen, director of teacher preparation at Yale.
in which Mary Tyler Moore and James Garner star in an adaptation of Martha Lear's book about aphysician's recovery from a heart attack; ''Wet Gold,'' starring Brooke Shields in a tale of greed and sunken treasure, and ''North and South,'' an 18-part dramatization of John Jake's novel about the years up to and including the Civil War.
Entrepreneurship has always been the American way, but it has waxed and waned over time, to return today in full force.
''Now its slots, slots, slots.
Perhaps the most unusual of the current crop comes from a store called Pop's, in Island Park, L.I.
We gave him our final offer on Friday and he turned it down.''
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
''He's extraordinary,'' Mrs. Petrie said fondly.
But today only 500 kilowatts are being generated, at costs of $1,500 to $2,500 a kilowatt.
This mixture has made the Bombay-based Hindi film industry the world's most prolific.
Obviously, Mr. Masur's Gewandhaus Orchestra is a wholly different sort of creature from Hiller's.
The exhibition will be open to the public from March 14 through April 20.
That is what OPEC is counting on.''
Several thousand people pressed against the high wire gates surrounding the airfield, craning and stretching to glimpse the visitor.
But the combinations of life here are unlike those anywhere else in the United States, for the ethnic roots of the majority of Hawaiians are even further removed from typical America than the islands themselves.
Unfair Competition Cited These airlines typically program the systems so that information on their flights is displayed before data are shown on the competition.
''I would be shocked if they didn't do something about it in the next few weeks,'' he said.
That, of course, is a critical point of conflict between the Administration and civil-rights groups.
Two Members Not Named Not included in the suit are the other two board members, Edward H. Levi, former United States Attorney General, and Prof. Jerome B. Wiesner of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
''Tell him the town is corrupt, and he'll say 'sure' and then insist that it's a special Nice kind of corruption that isn't really corruption and that no outsider will be capable of understanding.''
Our homicide laws stand ready to protect against the proneness to negligence that lurks in every human heart.
Pilots returning with an unused Bigeye ''would have to find a place to safely jettison it,'' the report said.
I believe they were the better team.''
Other Sikh concerns include officially sanctioned discrimination, which inhibits the full expression of the Sikh religion and restricts the Sikh presence in the Indian Army.
Among other things, the sweeping revision of Energy Department guidelines represents the demise of the eight-year-old system under which the United States has bought gas from Canada at a border price that was uniform from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
Also a dormant spray in spring before the hedge leafs out is recommended.
Computerization of Federal records may be undermining the Government's administrative and historical record, according to administrators, archivists and historians.
contains an intriguing selection of pieces, most of which have some personal significance to Mr. Gassman.
Still, the company cannot seem to get in step.
The Linskys - both were born in Russia and came to this country as children - began collecting during World War II.
Until now, the public has been evenly split between the two parties.
Afterward, having done my duty, met my responsibility by casting a well-informed vote, I experienced contradictory emotions.
''It was just a game.
Application to Emigrate Like most of the refugees here the engineer asked that his name not be used, to lessen the chance of reprisals against relatives or friends in East Germany.
But it would depend on allocating security responsibility in south Lebanon to so many players that the arrangement could never be totally stable, let alone secure.
and all others acting in concert or participating with them,'' according to James A. Arey, airline spokesman.
Securities dealers and local government officials expect book-entry bonds to become more common in the tax-exempt bond market because they significantly reduce back-office expenses.
He is a good figurehead.
The list is being stored on computer tape.
Or, consider the ''voice recorder'' watch with a built-in electronic voice chip that is programmed with vocal reminders in its owner's dulcet tones.
And in the second half, he and Walker combined to help turn back the Rockets' comeback effort.
Furthermore, just the fact that a patient who took the vaccine experiences a bad reaction does not necessarily prove that the vaccine is responsible.
''I definitely do think the heavyweight class is wide open and there are six or seven guys that could win,'' said Good.
It also bought back shares and reduced long- term debt to $82 million, less than 15 percent of shareholder equity.
They found the skeleton to be complete with the possible exception of a femur, a thigh bone.
Gen. Willard W. Scott Jr., was in an optimistic mood because of the improvement in applicants.
Although there have been at least four attempts to institutionalize Judy in several states, she has never been committed to a psychiatric hospital.
Take a public bus from Smith Boulevard at the docks for 60 cents, or a taxi for about $5, along the island's ''resort row'' to the Holiday Inn.
When the Hoover Institution on War, Revolution and Peace, the West Coast research organization, first sought out John C. Shepherd in 1977, it was looking for a good lawyer to represent its interests in a complicated case involving a bequest in Missouri.
A. I would guess that what you're going to have is a continued sluggish housing market, and a continued slowdown in the rate of business fixed investment.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
''It's not going to be a panacea, a total 'Star Wars' change,'' Mr. Ameruso added, ''but it will at least get some improvement, a chance to get something moving.''
Sharp, Nippon Electric and Epson have all weighed in with ''first generation'' models - to mixed reviews.
''Pat got a little confidence on Sunday,'' said Walton.
The State Department Public Affairs Office said that it had no knowledge of Mr. M'Bow's letter.
Between 5 and 12 win scholarships to prep schools each year.
* Marcus Corp., Milwaukee, which runs restaurants, hotels and theaters, has named Lee A. Berthelsen president of its Marcus Hotel Corp. * Morgan Trust Co. of Florida, in Palm Beach, has elected John M. Stewart president.
Last night, he scored his 51st and 52d points with 3 minutes 19 minutes remaining after taking a lob pass from James Bailey and laying the ball in the basket.
Sales were also a record: $4.9 billion, up 58.7 percent from a year earlier.
The quickest and surest way to check this is to unscrew the push button from where it is mounted on the door frame (or on the outside wall next to the door frame) so that you can pull it out and reach the terminal connections on the back.
Freight accounts for about 80 percent of the system's revenues.
But the mass he celebrates, the Tridentine Mass, was prohibited by changes of the Second Vatican Council.
Mr. Huffington said that a cash tender offer of $18 a share for the 14.3 million shares, or 50.4 percent, of Enstar's fully diluted stock was ''inadequate in terms of value, uncertain with regard to timing and not in the best interests of Enstar's shareholders.''
''The census data suggests the real possibility of gentrification beginning in this area,'' they said.
At Boulder City, 30 miles southeast of Las Vegas, 4.25 inches of rain fell Monday.
But the ball bounced off several hands onto the artificial turf.
The Department of Health and Human Services is writing regulations for the new PRO's, including the proposed regulation on information disclosure, which closely mirrors the Institute of Medicine's recommendations.
The first mines were laid in early January, according to statements made at the time by Nicaraguan rebels.
But ''the Governor is convinced,'' Miss Arnold said, ''that because of the crisis in education, people are prepared to pay additional taxes if they get something in return.''
Both Mr. Harkin and Mr. Simon won by running to the left of Walter F. Mondale.
Canker, a bacterial disease, was discovered at the Adams Nursery in Polk County in August.
That is a very significant figure, even without the remaining two-thirds.
By then, the Roundabout hopes to have found a home twice the size of its current 300-seat playhouse, which doesn't have enough room for all the people who want to see its highly praised production of Harold Pinter's ''Old Times.''
If it does, we do it.''
In mid-September, unrest spread to gold mines where workers had declared a legal strike.
''We've got a sinkerball-type pitcher who keeps the ball down.
''It could be San Fernando.''
Letters should be addressed to The Editor, Sports Section, The New York Times, 229 West 43d Street, New York, N.Y. 10036.
And Jeffrey Banks showed one of his best collections in years.
And Miss Maslow said, ''He was very severe and very blunt.''
But the league source said that for the pact's second year, when five Knicks become free agents and the club thus has more money to use under the rules, Paxson would receive a salary ''higher than the $500,000 paid Williams.''
How do we go about removing the old lacquer, and then applying a new coat of lacquer, so the finish will once again be smooth?
Last year, according to a survey by Heublein, Inc., producers of Smirnoff and other brands, 15 percent of vodka in the United States was consumed straight, either neat or on the rocks, up from 13 percent the year before.
By contrast, ''most of our boards would be inclined to say no,'' said Irwin Gumley, executive vice president at Douglas Elliman, which manages about 2,500 units.
tours to the same destination, Steve Ridgeway, vice president for marketing of Olson-Travelworld's A.A.R.P.
The International Business Machines Corporation said a variety of graphics capabilities previously available on its larger computers would be offered for its System/38.
But by July, some 60 party leaders, including Vice President Aureliano Chaves, had decided to back Mr. Neves.
Risk assessment is anathema to most environmental groups.
Sushi can also be made without any fish, just using cucumber, slices of a Japanese ''sweet omelet'' or scallion.
Miss Chavez says she supports affirmative action while opposing numerical goals and quotas.
The basketball star, known as Dr. J., owns part of the Philadelphia Coca-Cola Bottling Company.
Sidewalks were filled with victims, staggering in their blindness and gasping for breath.
Should we have required an inspector or a chief?
General Romanov was put forward as a spokesman four days after the incident.
The Cuomo administration said yesterday that the arrest of a parolee on charges of killing a police officer had ''reinforced and accelerated'' its efforts to replace the head of the State Parole Board.
The May 17 agreement sets conditions for the withdrawal of Israeli forces from Lebanon.
The subtle turn against Mr. d'Aubuisson does not mean the army is any more enthusiastic about Mr. Duarte.
Another security officer screened visitors heading for the mayoral offices, and a third officer did the same at the entrance to the City Council offices.
That's roughly 25 percent of capacity.
There is also proof that instead of having their plantation houses painted the muted tones known to the decorating trade as Williamsburg colors, our Colonial forebears surrounded themselves with strong, bright greens and blues and yellows.
As the play entered its fourth hour in the un-air-conditioned Performing Garage, one had long ago accepted discomfort as a way of Weiss life.
I leave this argument to doctors but cannot help noting increasing medical interest in brain surgery.
''This would just allow them more time to decide on Shoreham.''
c-Includes a tax credit of $36,000.
One is the conversion of the former Lafayette Hotel, across Lafayette Avenue from the Academy, into apartments.
LITTLE more than a generation ago in New York, when big bands swayed through the night and every man wore a hat, some of the best dining in the city was found in hotels.
I HAVE been spending my evenings, this past week, watching Olympic skaters spin around the ice.
Jumbo quail weighing 4 to 6 ounces $4 each; squab $9.98 a pound; pheasant $10.98 a pound; partridge $12.98 each; black grouse weighing about 3 pounds $30 each; mallard $7.98 a pound; Muscovy duck $4.98 a pound; goose $5.98 a pound; wild turkey $5.98 a pound; venison $14.98 a pound.
''The American people would rather reach for the stars than reach for excuses why we shouldn't,'' he declared.
National Surprisingly strong economic growth in the second quarter was announced by the Commerce Department.
's computers - and the International Business Machines Corporation's aggressive litigation against former employees who have gone off knowing too much - is only the tip of the iceberg: * The international marketing director of Medtronic, the world's largest heart pacemaker producer, was indicted in December in connection with a plan to sell trade secrets to Cordis Laboratories, a rival company.
They trumpet their delight at the prospect of a female running mate.
His compositions range in scale from small to very grand.
But now it looks as though the debtors will meet again much sooner.
But when asked about that Wednesday night, Berra said, ''I was just kidding.''
Albert Vertefeuille, principal at the elementary school, said there used to be about 10 students held back a grade each year.
An employee of the Elm Package Store was one of those arrested.
She remembered the advice of one of their lawyers, Charles Robinson, who had suggested that Ray get some psychiatric help.
A 61-year-old man was beaten to death at a Gdansk police station, the report said, and the body of a 31-year-old man was found hanging from a tree seven days later.
This academic year there were 75,000 undergraduate and graduate students in more than 80 programs, up from 15,000 two decades ago.
The key to the strategy, devised over recent months by an task force representing seven or more agencies, is to move quickly to head off the panic-buying and hoarding that helped double prices in 1979 after the revolution in Iran.
agent in the interior of Nicaragua.''
That record, Mr. Baker says, has totaled more than 2,900 speeches on a matter that ''has remained in the longest running legislative limbo in the history of Congress,'' neither approved nor rejected in in more than 30 years on the Senate calendar.
I can cut the pages of a book, or do a crossword puzzle, or make notes.
Mr. Reagan also said the manual's contents did not violate a longstanding Presidential order barring United States involvement in assassinations.
We never even get the first name of the heroine, who seems to go through life known only as Cody.
And let's have - there we will grapple with the future of the human species.
Of all the classic or difficult novels that have been turned into movies this year, including the excellent Merchant-Ivory- Jhabvala adaptation of Henry James's ''Bostonians,'' ''Swann in Love'' is the most difficult and the least satisfactory.
* Payless Cashways Inc. , a chain of building materials supermarkets, has filed a public offering of 2.3 million common shares at $15 through Goldman, Sachs.
Governor Cuomo has acknowledged the problem.
Mr. Duque's lawyer, Sheldon Elsen, did not return phone calls to his office.
In the dim light of a tunnel beneath Park Avenue, rescue units yesterday conducted a drill to test procedures for evacuating Metro-North Commuter Railroad trains during a fire.
Preleasing, once a prelude to building in Manhattan's office market, is still rare in the suburbs.
In a move that seems certain to reignite speculation that it is ripe for a takeover, the Western Union Corporation and its principal subsidiary, the Western Union Telegraph Company, said yesterday that Robert M. Flanagan, its chairman, president and chief executive officer, had been replaced by T. Roland Berner, the head of the Curtiss-Wright Corporation, Western Union's largest stockholder.
But Speaker O'Neill and other ranking Democrats said House opinion remained firmly opposed to money for the Nicaraguan contras, as the rebels are known.
His father, a worldly if somewhat self-absorbed public-health official, helped diagnose cerebrospinal meningitis as the cause of Ved's blindness.
Sinking feelings are twice as bad in company, because even as you say to yourself ''How could I be so stupid?''
Later, when asked about the hecklers, he responded that there were ''pockets of poverty, pockets that had not fully benefited'' from the economic recovery.
Jardine, Matheson & Company, a trading concern involved in Hong Kong's founding in 1842, decided to change its legal domicile to Bermuda to assure that it will remain under British jurisdiction.
In an effort to spark developers' interest in the publicly owned New York Coliseum site at Columbus Circle, the authority suggested that the site could accommodate a 130-story building.
She also said that the declining fortunes of Merrill Lynch & Company, which has been hurt by the trading slump in 1983 and is the parent of Merrill Lynch Telecommunications, might have had something to do with the delays.
Because of the large number of fires recently and concern over more serious fires in the electrical components of subway cars, the Safety Board sent a team of 20 inspectors to New York City.
Whether he can make the adjustment remains to be seen, but we're going to do everything we can to help him.
Rabbi Mordecai Waxman performed the ceremony at the couple's Manhattan apartment.
Another plus is the refurbished interior.
Fifty-six percent of those surveyed said it had made them less likely to vote Democratic, as against 14 percent who said they were more likely to back the ticket.
Designed to take the worry out of such problems as converting voice communications from the analog to the digital mode, the program will begin Friday at the White Plains campus of the Polytechnic Institute of New York.
Mrs. Dole's lesson clearly works; her students seem determined to buckle up.
Use just enough developer (activator) in the processing tray to cover the print.
The two-and-a-half-mile Park Avenue tunnel suffers from chronic leaks, rusting and erosion.
Such enterprise and initiative from a person who makes his living playing piano accompaniments would have been unthinkable when these songs and most other famous ones were written.
They looked at each other, startled, and said sure, why not.
Inventories, the report said, rose 1.5 percent, the fourth month in a row the figure was over 1 percent.
So young English enrolled at Allegheny, a two-year school.
Two years later, she moved to London, embarking on an acting career that inspired both pride and jealousy in her mother.
Mr. Weinstein also suggested that stops for stocks generally should be placed just below recent ''support'' levels on charts.
Durrant, the nation's leading scorer, averaging 30.1 points a game, was held to a season low of 13 points.
Metropolitan Athletic Congress Classsic: Age group and high school races start at 9:30 A.M., followed by the women's and men's open at 1:45 and 2 P.M., respectively.
''But in the last 10 years, the American wine industry has really come of age.
''Telecommunications is one field that is going to be of great interest, and I'm really excited.''
Ryan's 12 strikeouts gave him a career total of 3,841, 3 behind Steve Carlton of Philadelphia, the career leader.
But I cannot abide the notion of training: the very word, with its connotations of discipline and denial, makes me want to lie in a hammock.
An architect is shown in profile, with his head cut away to reveal the inside of a domed cupola.
''Men who came to Congress 30 years ago,'' Speaker of the House Thomas P. O'Neill Jr. said recently, ''usually served in their local state legislature, or in the city council, or were mayors, or a part of the party organization, and they had discipline when they came.
But because these teams meet so seldom, they don't have the rivalry that they should.
The Senate majority whip, Ted Stevens, Republican of Alaska, gave a similar rationale to the committee for increased aid to the Nicaraguan rebels.
They said the workers were to be hired permanently.
At the age of 16, he was forced to flee after killing a man who had attacked his sister.
that prompts the doubts about the team's schedule and overall strength, Matich said.
Farmers Work Between Guns A half-hour's drive to the north, at an outpost overlooking the Adam Bridge, better known by Damiya, its Arabic name, Israeli and Jordanian farmers were working 60 yards apart.
Despite the opposition to strong rent increases, a recent Garrick Aug report underscored the 2.6 percent decline in Manhattan store rents last year, to $43.06 per square foot at year's end from $44.21 in January.
Chuck Fusina, the Philadelphia quarterback, had an easy time.
Oilers on the bench and all over the ice were hugging each other.
The additional charges and another defendant, Kathryn Godfrey of Manhattan, were added to the original indictment in Federal District Court.
''And now, the climax of the movie!''
But it is likely to succumb this time - if not to Mr. Murdoch, then to a friendlier suitor.
The project was paid for by the Carnegie Corporation of New York and the Rockefeller Brothers Fund.
But such is the thrill of revisionism, apparently, that scholars immersed in it will not be deterred; indeed, there are grounds for suspecting that they become, in a sense, the figures they invest in so heavily.
Flames 5, Oilers 4 EDMONTON, Alberta (UPI) - Jamie Macoun, Lanny McDonald and Mike Eaves scored power-play as Calgary forced Edmonton into a sixth game in their Stanley Cup semifinal series.
(In a turnaround, it is worth noting that the Japanese themselves are beginning to frame furoshiki to hang on their walls, a practice formerly popular only with foreigners.)
'' The precise nature of those ''jobs'' is not explained.
Once the neurotransmitters reach the appropriate receptor site, they trigger the release of charged particles called ions that move across the membrane by passing through channels between the icebergs.
The gun barrels were labeled ''racism,'' ''hatred,'' ''maltreatment,'' ''harassment'' and ''propaganda'' - all threats to Libya posed by what are commonly called the imperialist countries.
In less than a year, deWit was fighting on the international level.
There were signs of life and even hope in these grim rooms.
After a feasibility study, Westhab can lease up to half the available apartments in such a building at more than the usual rent.
''The military really think they do things best,'' an opposition politician said.
Peter Ueberroth, the committee's president, said in a prepared statement that the meeting, to be held at International Olympic Committee headquarters in Lausanne, Switzerland, would provide ''a good opportunity to sit down and clarify misunderstandings or misconceptions that exist, and to settle things one way or the other.''
Septa, which has perennially faced budget deficits made up by subsidies, had slated $2.4 million from this year's budget for bridge repairs.
By next year, two other well- known names will have been added: Valentino from Italy and Daniel Hechter from France.
And, still smarting from the attacks on his former Secretary of the Interior, James G. Watt, and his former head of the Environmental Protection Agency, Anne McGill Burford, Mr. Reagan called for increases in spending to acquire park lands and to protect the environment.
A prosecutor told a jury in Manhattan yesterday that a diamond company owner had paid $2,000 to a gunman to kill his company's accountant and $5,000 more after ''complications'' caused the gunman to kill three CBS employees who tried to help the dying accountant.
He drinks too much and is deeply dependent on the women who keep growing weary of his self-indulgence.
KR-N1; 20 P-QR4 yields White excellent positional compensation for it - the black queen is out of play, and so are the black rooks, while the white pieces control most of the board.
Recent issues have contained such features as an interview with Isaac Bashevis Singer in New York, a story about the conflicting histories of the Warsaw uprising, and a rave review of a British television production of a Tom Stoppard play about Solidarity that is available here only on video cassettes.
But the country is different, and the convention was forcing recognition of that.
The homeowner, selected and approved by the Catholic Guardians Society, cares for a maximum of three children each day.
Already, American officials were speculating about whom the candidate in third place, Francisco Jose Guerrero, would support in the runoff and whether he would be able to deliver the rank-and-file members of his National Conciliation Party.
Critics of the decision accused the board of bowing to pressure from religious conservatives, who opposed any requirement that the theory of evolution be mentioned.
Maximilian recently took the bold step of sending a mail-order catalogue, the first in its 62-year history, to 15,000 women, most of them working, across the country.
Most of the first $100,000 that John A. Zaccaro improperly borrowed for a ''safe investment'' from an estate he was overseeing was lost in an abortive property deal.
How seriously to take the stock market's message has long been a matter of controversy.
If a developing country repudiates its debt in the next few months or major American banks have liquidity problems, the economy could slow appreciably and take the pressure off interest rates.
We're not making as much progress as we would like to make with regard to the things that I had discussed in Japan with Prime Minister Nakasone and here at the Williamsburg summit.
''For many years there have been attempts by national black leaders and interested white institutions to get this issue addressed by Congress, the Administration and the American public,'' he said.
Both sides have 10 days to file an appeal of the ruling today.
South then took a shot at the slam.
''When I was young,'' Mr. Goldovsky recalled, ''I had complete contempt for opera.''
W. Leslie Allison, director of international planning at the Olin Corporation, which sells skis, firearms and chemicals, said yesterday that ''we've been applying suasion in Washington'' to prevent the retaliatory curbs.
Leon Botstein President of Bard College Since this symposium leaves little room for humility, my initial choice is Pericles, as portrayed by Thucydides in the ''History of the Peloponnesian War.''
The study adds to a growing body of research suggesting that if cable systems offer 40 or more channels of programming to their subscribers, many of the channels may go practically unused.
I've been hearing rumors tonight that I'm going to retire now, that this was my last race.
Their blaring set, though filled with verve, was seriously muddied by Carnegie Hall's acoustics, which rarely go well with highly amplified music.
In fact, he estimates that well below 50 percent of those scheduled to get top management promotions actually get them.
In fact, they point out, the agency's broader role is coping with floods, hurricanes and other disasters, natural or man-made.
Arriving there from a tiring journey farther east, it was exactly what my wife and I needed to send us back to Moscow with warm memories of our last journey outside the capital.
Mr. Reynolds, the founder of Marmot, said that his company has doubled in size each year since 1976 ''mostly because of the notoriety and success of Gore-Tex.''
89.2 Million Shares Change Hands Turnover on the Big Board expanded to 89.2 million shares from 88.3 million shares the day before, as institutional participation continued to rise.
It may be significant that Harvard University has done little more than appoint some task forces to study the issue.
What we will do is remove the ability to find out where the fraud exists.
''Everyone was very nice, but it was still a male world all the time, even a male way of talking, characterized by a lot of quips,'' she says.
In arguing for the death penalty, the prosecution said the murder was committed during the commission of other crimes and to escape their detection.
It had not been tried in the state before, lawyers say.
Our parents think we are confused and that we do not know who we are.
And the family, feeling powerless, goes along in fear, thinking, well, maybe there is some hope.''
Before he had a chance to relieve, however, Ron Guidry also developed a sore back, so Fontenot started in his place, then remained in the rotation when Guidry returned.
''New York's First Suburb'' (East Village and Washington Square).
Should they look for a job, they will discover what most working mothers already know: It's desperately hard to find safe, decent and affordable child care.
She doesn't know he is having an affair with a scrawny, rich neurasthenic named Gail Abbott Wisby.
A Central America peace plan advanced by the Contadora group of Latin American countries will be revised to meet objections raised by the United States.
One of the most frequent comments about hockey from nonfans like my friend Jane is: ''Do they still have all those fights?''
Then again, maybe you won't feel better.
What sold them both on their Washington pied-a-terre-a 15-minute ride from the Senator's Capitol Hill office-were the windows that lined five of the six rooms.
Friends said his wife's mother was ill.
Effort to Raise Money The games are here largely because Nassau County Executive Francis T. Purcell is a neighbor and longtime friend of Ben Lipton of Malverne.
Boil until slightly thickened, 3 to 4 minutes.
Thousands do cross every day.
''It puts Owen in a terrible bind.''
He said that United States actions concerning Nicaragua were violations of international law and that the actions contradicted President Reagan's statements that he was seeking peace.
Dr. McNair is the second black American to fly in space.
''No, ma'am, I am not aware of what the Cruise missile is,'' he testified.
Switzerland imposes a 35 percent withholding tax on interest, but Americans can get 30 percentage points refunded by showing they are not Swiss residents.
When teachers arrive at these sessions they sign in (some ''no- shows'' get others to sign for them) and then start bombarding the presenter with such comments as: ''It's so cold, may I leave early?''
Why did the President dig himself into such a hole?
Donald P. Kelly, chairman and chief executive of Esmark, is to remain in command and, along with other top executives, would have what insiders described as a ''significant'' investment in the company.
A piece of rai leaning against a house gives prestige to a family.
RUFUS B. LANGHANS Town Historian Huntington
He has run one kickoff back 97 yards for a touchdown, and returned two others for 46 and 45 yards.
These issues arose as the result of the post-delivery disassembly of a missile.
Another condition is an undertaking by Syria not to advance from its present line to the area to be evacuated by Israel, he said.
''Future teachers should get into classrooms with the kids during the first three years of college rather than appearing there for the first time as student teachers,'' said Richard Norton, an elementary school teacher in Osseo, Minn.
Storage Technology topped the most-active list yesterday and was a big percentage loser, tumbling 3 3/4 points, to 6 3/4.
Fortunately, Nuremberg has more and better things to offer.
''Eggs are the only commodity in which Connecticut supplies 100 percent of the state's needs,'' Mr. Crough said.
The current problem is one of several, including a move by Mr. Mondale to appoint Bert Lance chairman of the Democratic National Committee.
Robert Perry, a prosecutor, heatedly told a reporter last week that the Government had the means to recover any lost ground when the prosecution examines Mr. Tisa again beginning Wednesday or Thursday.
''I told her, 'Don't bother,' '' Mary Decker would say later.
He celebrates his voice as something that has come to him.
Last spring the Reagan Administration told Congress, ''No arrangements or agreements beyond those already governing military activities in outer space have been found to date that are judged to be in the overall interest of the United States and its allies.''
Some of the most intelligently programmed and attractively packaged soul reissues are those on Solid Smoke Records (P.O.
''That is a wonderful place to be,'' she said of the Republicans.
In the September Times/CBS News Poll, 89 percent of Republicans said they would vote for President Reagan.
Thus far, Sotheby's has not revealed the owners' identities, citing its policy of protecting customers who wish to remain anonymous.
State Department Is Silent A State Department spokesman in Washington said the department would have no comment at present because the case is a criminal matter and is being handled by the F.B.I.
And you widen your experience.''
In the only other final for men, Rick Carey of Mount Kisco, N.Y., beat Dave Wilson of Cincinnati by 8 feet in 55.32 seconds in the 100- meter backstroke.
The message Levi executives wanted to get across to teen-age viewers was that self-confident, sensible women reject symbols of luxury for affordable, utilitarian goods like Levi jeans.
Over the last four weeks, for example, the $547 billion level of M-1 is still below the September average of $548.9 billion, and only slightly higher than the June average of $546.3 billion.
Starch has never been part of my diet.
''We start at 6 in the morning and fly to 5 in the evening,'' Kolya told two Russian-speaking reporters, an American and a Japanese, as other Soviet crew members gathered around but did not speak.
''When this century is over, it will be Elsie de Wolfe who will stand out above the rest,'' he says.
Counting a total of 43 artists, the catalogue maintains the class distinction nevertheless - and to peculiar effect.
And it has to care for those who are the least advantaged.
As the Beetle's popularity began to decline in the mid-1970's (it is made today only in Mexico and Brazil), the Golf I was introduced and it set the pace for a generation of fuel-efficient hatchbacks, bringing healthy profits to VW until 1979.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
He called the London declaration ''a screen to somehow cover up the transformation of the territories of some of the Western European countries into launching pads for the new United States missiles.''
At the final bell, the Dow Jones industrial average was off 22.82 points, at 1,157.14, its biggest one-day drop since Feb. 8, when it lost 24.19 points.
Again, even so self-obsessed a character as Hamlet finds an identification with all suffering men: In the absence of first person references in the ''To be or not to be'' soliloquy, we hear counterpoised the common condition of those who ''grunt and sweat under a weary life'' rather than ''fly to (the ills) we know not of'' in death.
In addition to Bird of Paradise, they are made up of giant daisies, a spray of yellow orchids, and a large purple flower called Liatris.
'' WHAT do you do with this feeling of disfigurement?''
A Baylor spokesman said that the medical college would have no comment and that no decision had been reached on an appeal.
But the biggest provider of links is likely to be I.B.M., since the company already is the leading producer of computers at both ends of the link.
Ethiopia also lies in one of Africa's most troubled places, a region of rivalry between Moscow and Washington and the theater of Africa's most persistent war, that between the authorities and the separatists in Eritrea, with whom there has been little sign of reconciliation.
They include the reception hall, the drawing room, the dining room and the County Room on the second floor, with a painting or other art work depicting each of the state's 62 counties.
Picker International and Johnson & Johnson's Technicare unit had already unveiled their prototypes by early 1982, when Mr. Suhami gave the word for Elscint to develop its own N.M.R.
It is true that West might misjudge by returning a club, saving declarer from the doom he had invited.
Romania's Vasile Puscasu won the 220-pound bronze medal defeating Turkey's Hayri Sezgin, 4-3.
No matter that the job obtained or the work volunteered for doesn't really interest the applicant.
Thus, conceptual values help bridge the discomforting gap between materials.
Unlike Mr. Cunningham's repertory works, these sections of dances fall into no grand design.
The current version of her well-known evening pajamas has white crepe pants and gray silk top.
When a hand slaps Mr. Martin awake in the morning, there's no doubt that it's Edwina's hand.
Even in the more liberal climate of the 1960's, her causes as an activist of the left did not enjoy wide public approval.
The ultimate goal is to help prevent people at risk from becoming schizophrenic.
* Use only the recommended fuels: kerosene in kerosene heaters, and wood in wood-burning stoves.
But after the stultifying years of the Brezhnev era, Mr. Andropov had raised expectations of a new order and motion.
Five heavily armed men swooped down in a stolen helicopter today and robbed a small North Texas bank in a replay of a Louisiana bank holdup last winter in which $163,000 was taken.
In a telephone interview from Geneva, Antoine Khairallah, a lawyer representing Mouawad, said that officials of the concern had recently spent several weeks with Tiffany's management in New York, studying the company's financial data.
It is this extraordinary physical control and concentration that is obvious in the street event, ''Sholiba,'' as the dancers are first lowered in jacknifed position and then slowly stretch down, moving parts of their body in isolation.
He replied that Persian Gulf oil represents only 3 percent of the domestic market and that Europe and Japan would be more deeply affected by any serious shortages.
Just how effective the Italian portion will be must await not only the formal premiere in Rome, but the full combination of the various elements that make up ''The Civil Wars.''
She suffers from a heart ailment.
Gwynn tagged up and scored, and the Cubs' lead was down to 3-2.
After one such argument, he says, he sent instructions to Mr. Habib without clearing them with the President.
''They wanted to be there first, they wanted to drive the market.''
It has its share of volatile, violent and confrontational scenes, and language Mr. Fox refers to as ''the way real people speak.''
The department reopened the sign-up for the program last month.
Until now, they have treated Mr. Reagan's oratorical olive branches as a political ploy, designed to delude the American people into thinking that he is a man of peace.
''We're hoping to use that fear to start a movement, A lot of people have been too silent.''
When the Hawks opened the final quarter with 6 straight points by Rivers, things again appeared bleak for the Knicks.
I'm referring to all salaries, players, coaches, front office and everybody else.''
''Swing Shift'' is something that Mr. Demme can be proud of.
Miguel Necochea, spokesman for the Interior Ministry, said Friday night that the Government had no list of people to be prevented from leaving the country.
Trottier stretched his stick and produced career goal No.
According to Mr. Peyatos and the defense attorney for the three men, Pedro Cristobal Jimenez, the son's case has lagged behind the other two because of several factors, including attempts to change lawyers and initial questions about determining the man's identity.
The importance of drugs is universally acknowledged now that cancer specialists realize the disease is often systemic, or bodywide, not confined to one site or tissue.
If L'Espalier is serving apple rhubarb tarte, with its rich, flaky crust and perfectly balanced tart-sweet filling, it is an excellent choice for dessert.
MTV Networks was incorporated in February 1984.
With a lessening chance of finding a merger partner, they said, the F.D.I.C.
''We expect the industry to show improvement for the rest of the year,'' said Mr. Lustgarten.
As the haze lifts, ''Peter'' - as the old St. Petersburg is still affectionately called by its intelligentsia - becomes Leningrad, a big, industrial Soviet city stretched around a glittering shell.
Hey, Harry Freedman was introduced to something called black cocaine.
''His desire and confidence and agility overrides that.
He graduated from Johns Hopkins University and the Johns Hopkins Medical School.
He was indicted in California in 1979 by a Federal grand jury in connection with a shipment of semiconductor manufacturing equipment to the Eastern bloc.
The great princes and patrons, the connoisseurs who could afford to insure that their faith was endowed with art, all were swept away.
An injured firefighter was taken to the Columbia-Presbyterian Medical Center, where he was listed in satisfactory condition.
CONTRARY to past practices, only one year's operating expenses must be provided, instead of three.
In quiet European bullion trading, gold edged up to $381.50 an ounce in London from $381 late Tuesday.
Guests sign in seated at a Louis XVI bureau plat.
A school district in the Town of Brookhaven on Long Island bolted belts into 20 of its buses last summer.
For the U.A.W., will it be ''money before Mondale''?
Five years after his accession to power the Islamic Republic of Iran remains the only one of its kind.
Scott declined the honor, saying: ''I just came in at the right time.
The site was near Aguacate, 120 miles northeast of the Honduran capital of Tegucigalpa.
Half of them said they wanted a constitutional amendment prohibiting abortion and half said they did not.
Then Dantley hit a free throw with 49 seconds left to cut the margin to 117-115, and the Jazz regained possession 11 seconds later when Walker lost the ball on the dribble to Dantley.
The only motivating force behind ''Criminal Minds'' seems to be its pretentious trick ending - a grisly twist that doesn't so much bring the play to a point as rudely jerk the somnolent audience awake.
Mr. Koppel, who clearly was listening, pointed out that news reports had put the death toll at four.
As of yesterday, 45 residents remained.
It is something special and splendid among suburbs, and it remains as similar to its origins as it is possible to be.
MILLBURN Bohrer, Scott D., Millburn H.S.
''A price-earnings ratio under seven times 1984 earnings and about six times our 1985 estimate makes this stock highly attractive,'' the analyst said.
But he said he did not know if the telegram was delivered to the President.
''The computer actually served to reinforce existing family patterns,'' said the project's principal investigator, Joseph B. Giacquinta, a professor of educational sociology at New York University, which conducted the study.
And when we are in the director's office and the big ships seem to come right up to the window, we wonder if any museum in the world has either a prettier building or a more privileged location.
For all its glamour and glory this Olympics is missing the rivalry that the Soviet-bloc nations, particularly the Soviet Union, East Germany and Cuba, would have provided in what has been a walkover for the American athletes.
''I didn't know who the cornerback was,'' Manuel said, almost apologetically.
Supply of American weapons to Saudi Arabia has accelerated in recent years, along with training of Saudi military personnel by American instructors.
Scenes that showed passionate embraces at their wedding and in other public places were hooted and ridiculed.
The army command identified the others who were killed with General Hakim as Col. Nohra Shalouhi, First Lieut.
''It came as a bit of a shock; the rest of us have to get our pencils out to see how effectively we can compete,'' said Frank R. Saul, president of Emigrant Savings Bank.
As Mayor since 1964, he had appointed many blacks to office and had extended municipal services to black neighborhoods.
There is every land and water sport imaginable, as well as backpacking expeditions into the nearby woods of Essex County.
Tardiness Laid to 'Snafu' Mr. Washington called his failure to file a required financial statement by April 30 merely a staff ''snafu.''
Bank Settlement Week Yesterday was the last day of a two-week bank settlement period, a time when fluctuations in the Fed funds rate are often severe.
But friends and associates describe him as an honest and forthright politician who has not forgotten his roots.
There are good restaurants and shops and of course, there's the center itself.''
Medical Director Manhattan Medical Group New York, May 14, 1984
Mr. Shultz helped negotiate that agreement, only to see it founder when Syria refused to agree to a simultaneous withdrawal.
''But over all, injuries are the leading cause of death in persons 1 to 24 years old.''
The suit charges that The Limited violated securities laws and failed to disclose potential antitrust problems in aquiring stock and tendering an offer.
The fight should never have been stopped.''
''And that,'' Mr. Robards said, breaking into his gravelly laugh, ''is quite unusual.''
One year later, he was named chief executive.
Economic improvement has not trickled down to many, and never will for some.
William J. Haines, who owns 122 Fifth Avenue, a 10-story 200,000- square-foot building between 17th and 18th Streets, bought it in 1979 with an eye toward a residential cooperative conversion.
And contrary to what one of my opponents has said, when Mr. Peyser was a member of the Congress on one occasion he did vote with the President, opposed to Mr. Ottinger, and supporting the President on that bill.
The applicants were joined in the suit by the Federal Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, which viewed the case as a test of the age discrimination act.
The same day, The Post's front page chortled that Bay Rigby, Paul's son, had taken his father's place.
The Islanders also lost John Tonelli with a shoulder bruise tonight.
Dr. Canterbury said: ''We know the national is counting heavily on us to supply a victory here and to make NOW's endorsement count.
Between 1965 and 1983, stock prices as measured by the Dow industrials lost ground in May in 15 of the 19 years.
In terminating the pension plan, Hall will pay accrued benefits in cash, or guarantee them with annuities.
Eight people of other nationalities also remained unaccounted for in the fire at the Pines Hotel in Baguio, 125 miles north of Manila.
In an era when the average cost of a movie is $11 million, ''Reuben, Reuben,'' with no deferments of salary, cost $2.3 million.
''But be careful of those horses over on the left.''
A cab driver, who has bought a new car every year since the late 1970's, says he plans to keep his 1984 model for another 12 months.
It is not that the ''insiders'' and the public are working from different facts.
South won with the ace, cashed the heart ace and the club ace, and reached this position: NORTH S - H 6 D - C 9 5 4 WEST S - H - D 2 C K 10 7 EAST S - H Q 5 D K C Q SOUTH S - H K 9 D 7 C 8 The club eight was led, and West missed his chance to open his jaws wide like a crocodile and swallow his partner's queen.
The following are a few places visited in recent weeks.
He's just a big old farm boy.
''However, the agency is reviewing comments on a proposed rule that would change this policy.''
No Cartoons or Dramatizations On Jan. 3, the Connecticut Supreme Court upheld the right of lawyers to advertise on radio and television in overturning a reprimand by the Hartford Bar Association of two lawyers who employed dramatized television commercials to attract business.
Today was a day for unpacking in the Hofstra University dormitories, exploring and trying out the new facilities at the Mitchel Sports Complex, Nassau Community College and other nearby facilities.
And tonight and tomorrow, at Freddy's Supper Club, 308 East 49th Street, Miss Brourman, who accompanied Dixie Carter in her two-week engagement there, is having her own showcase.
The division's experience in sales to private companies has helped its marketing to the Pentagon.
Another ballerina, Carla Fracci, stood out in bouffant white decorated with ribbons and embroidery.
Mr. Smith said this quarter's profit weakness ''is the result of the present competitive environment and the continuing strength of the United States dollar.''
The Senate data show that Republicans generally raise more money than Democrats, that incumbents in both parties have raised the most money and that Democrats are gaining at a faster rate in their ability to raise money.
''I think they're rather unrealistic,'' protested Representative Robert H. Michel of Illinois, the House minority leader.
''All I know is that if we didn't win the close ones, we'd be in big trouble.
Montana finished with three touchdown passes - 59 yards to Renaldo Nehemiah, 1 yard to John Frank and 9 yards to Roger Craig.
*6 IN SEARCH OF EXCELLENCE, by Thomas J. Peters and Robert H. Waterman Jr. (Warner, $8.95.)
Astronauts have gained considerable experience maneuvering the shuttle in the previous 13 missions and had no trouble finding the Solar Max satellite last April.
This game duplicated the fourth game that Kasparov (as Black) contested against Korchnoi in London.
Before reporting to his first N.H.L.
The two players were pushing each other along the boards to the left of Low.
She also was a co-founder of ''Children's Express,'' a newspaper column reported by children and distributed to newspapers by United Press International.
Focus on Budget Deficits Gail Fosler, chief economist of the Senate Banking Committee, said that there is more awareness in Congress than before about the need to reduce budget deficits but that the tax simplification plan is little more than ''a staff working paper'' that is ''a fine summary of what tax policy specialists believe.''
In an opinion by Associate Justice Byron R. White, the Court overturned a ruling by the Minnesota Supreme Court.
He was a past president of the National Association of Tax Administrators and the National Tax Association.
I simply tried to understand why it was like that.
It puts no pressure on them.
Not all of them, by any means, can be termed beautiful or even successful.
Listed in critical condition yesterday at the Bellevue Hospital Center with multiple injuries were Miss Tibbs, Raymond Komorowski, 33, of Milltown, N.J., and Gloria Johnson, 37, of Manhattan, according to Walter LeStrange, the hospital administrator.
Other Similar Programs Its program is one of many set up in New York this summer, as public and private agencies try to help the city's growing homeless population.
Dillard P. Spriggs, who follows oil companies for Petroleum Analysis Ltd. in New York, said he regarded Sohio as a ''prime candidate.''
The spokesman also noted that 38 percent of the Roman Catholic clergy voted, including 5 of the 86 bishops.
and Ford are meeting the union this year.
''Apparently we are running pretty close to capacity at the garbage plant,'' Mr. O'Rourke said at last Tuesday's news conference.
The spokesman said the incident occurred near the Greek Orthodox Saidey Church and Sassine Square.
''Once you begin bending rules,'' said Isabelle Stevenson, a member of the committee, ''it hits you in the face.
Personal Computer without modification, Zenith said.
In a commencement address at Brandeis University, Jaime Cardinal Sin said poverty in his country was ''like a roaring lion devastating our countryside and devouring our youth.''
There can be no argument about this, although at the molecular level a human element in fact has been introduced into the animal.
Raymark has faced a number of asbestos-related suits.
The $12 million he netted in 1971 from the sale of his Mr. Gasket Company to W. R. Grace & Company made life a snap for Mr. Hrudka, a car enthusiast who started his business in the basement of his parents' Cleveland home in 1957.
He said he expected local communities would be consulted before it was adopted.
This boy could have been killed.''
This year, however, Mr. Clark has established a greater presence on national television than ever before.
Secretary of State George P. Shultz held what were described as ''warm and cordial'' talks in New York yesterday with Foreign Minister Oskar Fischer of East Germany.
The country is anxious to reach an accord this month and perhaps gain postponement of deadlines later this month for paying as much as $1.7 billion owed to the banks.
Agricultural success has not only stimulated demand for industrially produced goods and services for the farmers; it has also encouraged the farmers to put their accumulating capital into nonagricultural ventures.
Folks kill people and People kill Folks.''
The peace agreement that granted regional autonomy to the south was Mr. Nimeiry's greatest single achievement.
''He was talking all the time about going to computer school,'' said Sgt.
b-Includes a one-time credit of $119,000, or 4 cents a share, resulting from 1984 tax litigation.
''The prompt, decisive handling of this case is encouraging,'' the report said, ''but in view of the authorities failure to conduct full, fair investigations in other similar cases, judgement should be reserved on the handling of the Popieluszko case as well.''
You stated that limiting such sale to New York State wines might not be constitutional and that it could violate interstate commerce clauses.
Reflecting the strength in the equities, gainers on the New York Stock Exchange outscored losers by more than 2 to 1.
Since 1977, the Yale team has been among the top half-dozen in the annual competition.
He also says that the budget of the board's inspector general will be doubled.
''Even though we are confident that our plants are as safe as is humanly possible to make them, an incident such as that in Bhopal prompts us to take additional steps,'' Richard J. Mahoney, president and chief executive, said in a statement.
For example, Theodore C. Sorensen, who was President Kennedy's Boswell and author of Kennedy's most memorable phrases, has written a remarkable little book called ''A Different Kind of Presidency,'' in which he argues that everything depends on cooperation rather than confrontation between the parties, labor and management and the executive and legislative branches of the Government, and that nothing can be achieved by hostile opposition between them.
Each associate is paid about $8,000 to $10,000 for the summer and only a portion of the hours they work can be billed to clients.
Revolutions in transportation and communication, along with economic interdependence, have brought the peoples of the world closer together physically, even as nationalism, conflicting ideologies and rivalries among the great powers emphasize the dangers of divisions within the human race.
Once completed in 1986, Tristan will explore the world of quarks, the fundamental building blocks of subatomic particles.
''He wrote beautifully, he was a scholar.
I've managed to do that.
d-After a gain on sale of discontinued operation of $2,573,000 and an extraordinary gain on termination of pension plan of $470,000.
This debt, still officially listed at $43 billion, has increased to $47 billion, including arrears on overdue interest charges, according to private banking sources here.
What we've accomplished is the most exciting domestic political development since the New Deal.
A volunteer at the coalition, Lori Bloustein-Petit, went to work on it immediately.
Mr. Gurney's latest play, a drawing-room comedy called ''The Golden Age,'' will open April 12.
The vast majority, 86 percent, of the 10,500 physician assistants surveyed were employed, and most said they felt accepted by patients, supervising doctors and other health-care workers.
But it was the Lakers' interest more than the threat of losing the arbitration hearing that forced six men into a room in New York early last December to decide Richardson's fate.
U.S. Ties Loom Large The issue of future relations with the United States loomed large during the campaign.
Mr. McNally's parents, both New York expatriates, introduced him to Broadway.
Judge Perkins said he had to order the jailing.
Other people are smiling with the weather forecasters, happily gazing back at the traffic running up behind them, blissfully making a concert of percussion with their step-on pails.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Here again, the Mayor has violated the modern convention under which the politician hires a professional typewriter artist to clap the book together for publication under the politician's name.
Military authorities said today that two Salvadoran officers were killed and dozens of soldiers slain or captured in a guerrilla attack Friday on an army base in northern El Salvador.
As a result, he has been one of the country's most successful money managers in the last decade.
Around Dec. 1, my thoughts turn nostalgically to the shiver of lights on tinsel, the spicy tang of evergreen and the ethereal chiming of children's choirs.
In fact, there are pundits in the industry and outside it who contend sauvignon blanc will surpass chardonnay in popularity in a few years.
Cook, covered, until the shells open.
''When a company can't pay 100 percent of its debt, what other alternative do you have?''
Even when plants close, businesses report, it is far easier for professional workers like engineers and scientists to find new work than it is for production workers and other workers without extensive education and job skills.
Illinois is credited with first starting the move to cost-based pricing.
Mr. Guzman received $2,639.40 in per session money, the investigation showed.
Race-car driving on the highest level, in the quickest company, is the most dangerous sport there is.
''The annuitant, in effect, has the benefit of an interest-free Government loan repayable, in periods of inflation, with 'cheaper' dollars,'' said Commerce Clearing House Inc., a tax publisher.
They were bound for neighboring Sikkim.
Brown saddled Baden Baden to win the 1877 Derby and was responsible for the early training of the eventual Derby winners Hindoo (1881), Ben Brush (1896) and Plaudit (1898).
While they called themselves ''freedom fighters'' and ignored the advice of those appointed to represent them, Miss Boudin, aided by her father Leonard, the noted civil liberties lawyer, waged a vigorous and skilled defense.
She had earned almost $2 million since the start of the year.
I don't know how it happened.
Today in court, Mr. Fuller said he understood that certain hospital regulations ''precipitated'' by Mr. Hinckley's efforts to give press interviews ''were uniformly applied'' to other patients as well as to him.
''I think Dr. Kirk has done something very intangible, which is change a mood.''
The ingenue Nina was Marguerite Carre, wife of the director of the Opera-Comique; both repeated their roles at the Paris premiere.
Medicaid finances a large portion of children's hospital care.
How much was his electrical bill last month, he was asked.
Mr. Mondale, who worked on his proposal through the weekend in Washington, ridiculed Mr. Reagan today for his contention that he would recommend a tax increase to cut the deficit ''only as a last resort.''
While it lacks the convoluted intricacy of his more recent excursions, it is - after a slow windup - clever comic clockwork.
Known professionally as Dr. Worcester, she was the physician at the Chapin School in Manhattan from 1943 to 1964 and director of pediatrics at the New York Infirmary from 1954 to 1962.
There's too much inflammable rhetoric in the air these days to risk one more confrontation, this time in Los Angeles on world television, at what for some reason is called ''the Games.''
Satellite Becoming Stable Frank Cepollina, the manager of the Solar Max repair mission at the Goddard Space Center, said at a news conference late tonight that the satellite, which was left twisting and tumbling as a result of the retrieval effort, was responding to commands and was gradually settling down to a smoother flight.
Because he cannot bear to confront the memory of his mother directly, he approaches her by working his way back through his past.
Their previous high, 44, came in the sixth game of the season, an 8-3 victory over Los Angeles.
The missing agenda item at the economic summit - monetary reform.
Those developing companies really are the nursery for future listing for us.
The three- month bills mature July 19, 1984 and the six-month bills, Oct. 18, 1984.
''I've never been to New York before, and my twin sister will be competing for the first time.
But he then suggested that a Labor victory would send a message not only to Mrs. Thatcher but also to the United States about the resurgence of the left in British politics.
For now, however, Camden's greatest natural resource is the abundant energy and optimism of the new homesteaders.
From the fiscal year 1982 through the current fiscal year, more than $11 billion was budgeted for 18 B-1B's.
''His $1,500 is phony,'' Mr. Mondale said.
''When I saw that,'' Heath added, ''I just threw my arms up.''
U.S. Hails Accord WASHINGTON, June 26 - State Department officials today hailed the budget agreement as removing a major obstacle to European cohesiveness.
Edmonton went ahead, 2-0, after one period, but the North Stars showed that they also could explode, scoring five straight goals, including four on power plays.
Mr. Lake sprinted through his tunes with his usual razor-edged sound on alto saxophone, playing long, scurrying lines that outraced the trickiest chord changes.
The suggestion of opulence in the Customs House better fits the idea of patronage for the arts - the province of the Medicis, then the church, now governments.
The theater board suspended Mr. Donahue pending the outcome of the case.
There are hundreds of artists living in downtown lofts and a lively gallery scene.
But Dr. Matthew C. Cordaro, vice president of engineering at the Long Island Lighting Company, said the transportation of spent nuclear fuel ''has had an extraordinary safety record'' for two decades.
I am honored, once again, to address the leaders of your institutions.
Beckett, Albee and Stoppard At the same time, Mr. Ritman frequently extended himself beyond naturalism - into the abstraction of Beckett (the sand-heap of ''Happy Days''), the stark cube of Mr. Albee's ''Box- Mao-Box'' and the Magritte-inspired world of Tom Stoppard's ''After Magritte.''
It was really uncompromising in how it showed people at war.''
The money would be collected by the State Division of Motor Vehicles and forwarded to the underwriting association.
The Learning Corporation's sister company, Highgate Pictures, produces mini-series, movies-of-the- week and other specials for both public television and the commercial networks, including many of ABC's frequently praised ''Afterschool Specials.''
Kemp (R) N N Y Y N 32.
Mr. Wulbern is now executive vice president, responsible for the holding company's liaison with its 11 affiliated banks.
CHICAGO IT was a gray, gloomy day, with the smell of rain in the air.
Mikulski (D) N A 4.
''They are certainly unique in America,'' Mr. Dolkart said.
b-After a charge of $153,000 for a change in accounting for production contracts.
There was no official confirmation.
Will it resolve the problems of overcrowding?
''To de-map a nonexistent street in the city takes 18 months,'' he said.
But yesterday he had to do it more frequently.
Pope John Paul II offered words of encouragement today to Roman Catholics in Czechoslovakia after talks last week on improving strained church-state relations in that Communist nation.
Atmosphere: Authentic barge outfitted simply but comfortably; good service.
John J. Duncan, R* 3.
But then he added: ''Of course, he never got a chance to do any of it.''
Solely checking the names of employees through the Central Register of family child-abuse cases, or checking them for prior criminal histories, will not solve the problem.
Residents from Water Mill to Amagansett have raised their voices in opposition to his proposed development because it is in an area long recognized as being not only very beautiful but environmentally fragile as well.
Drove Out Christian Militia The Syrian-backed Druse have been in virtual control of the mountains to the east and southeast of here since they drove the Christian militia out last September after the Israeli Army evacuated the territory.
For less than $10 you can buy one in stores that sell telephone equipment.
They assert that Mr. Reagan, like any incumbent, is at peak influence for only a few months after his election and must use the political momentum of his victory to make a major drive to bring down the deficits on the ground that it is a drag on economic growth.
The back rows in the courtroom are usually packed with spectators who tend to run to young lawyers and law clerks, people looking for a warm place to rest, one elderly gentleman with catarrh and another who snores.
This information becomes the focus of a series of sessions with a counsellor - often a minister - who helps the couple to build communication and negotiation skills.
Scientists have said that alpha interferon may prove effective against renal cancer and the common cold.
And from 1963 to 1971, he was president and chief executive of the Franklin Simon store group in New York.
''Pop, Pop, come listen to this,'' my son said.
Not far from Squibb's is Princeton University, whose Firestone Library is showing a selection of illuminated manuscripts and miniatures from Persia (now Iran), India and Japan.
The condition was one of several new features included in the renewal of the pact.
Steinbrenner never took part directly in the negotiations.
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. led demonstrations here in 1965 that led to Congressional passage of the Voting Rights Act.
Polaroid, based in Cambridge, Mass., said its purchase ''is an expression of our confidence in the company's products, technology and potential for growth.''
Though Moscow's options in Lebanon were not immediately apparent, diplomats said that in dispatching Mr. Aliyev, the Russians were sending a man who would command attention in Damascus and who would probably have broad license to make on-the-spot assessments and decisions.
If bodies are recovered, it will be by a separate crew, he said.
And at the Childrens Museum, youngsters have surprised a sleeping Santa Claus, taking a break from his rounds of delivering toys.
Given that electrical power is the lifeblood of today's society, that guarantee is worth far more than dividends.
Federal securities laws, the court said, ''created a system providing equal access to information necessary for reasoned and intelligent investment decisions.''
The Pioneer Corporation advanced 2 5/8, to 31, on rumors that the Coastal Corporation may make a bid for the company.
However, there was no immediate indication from the players as to whether they would become involved.
President Reagan, asked at a news conference June 14 if he supported the amendment, said, ''Well, I just have to say that I am opposed to discrimination, period.''
Vanbiesbrouck will not likely start in net.
The sharp change in direction came about largely as a result of the Second Vatican Council of 1962-65.
b-Includes a tax credit of $1,318,000.
But he said Lilco still expected a $100 million cash shortfall before the end of 1984.
Forty-three years ago the entire collection of the Societe Anonyme was bequeathed to Yale University.
The three-phase scheme starts with the ''prudent diet'' the association has recommended for all Americans since 1961 and progresses when needed to an increasingly strict low-fat, low- cholesterol diet.
He insisted that all the charges were factual.
The problem is it has no flavor.''
A similar course has been given in Brooklyn.
Investment bankers point out that banks are taking a more cautious stance on leveraged buyouts.
For starters, most housing experts agree that the fixed-rate, long-term mortgage, while a good value for most of the postwar era, is now probably a bad deal for many young people because banks charge hefty interest premiums to cover the extra rate risk they bear with long-term loans.
He is survived by two daughters, Heather Renaud of Windsor and Mary Murphy of Manhattan, and two grandchildren.
He said that the problem could be exacerbated by the conversion to coal, adding that companies, including utilities, appear to be waiting to see if the national concern over acid rain will lead to some public financing plans for the expensive filtering systems that could reduce the problem.
I can understand why he's angry.
Woody exaggerated, but he's accurate.
Nicklaus, who led by 2 shots early in the round, added $43,200 to his record career total of over $4 million.
The office also come out publicly against Mr. Baxter's drive to permit companies in some situations to set minimum prices for their products.
The consumer should beware whenever the words ''principal diagnosis,'' ''timely intervention'' or ''reduced number of unnecessary hospital readmissions'' are used.
Amendment to crime bill to require criminal defendants in preventative detention to be brought to trial within 60 to 90 days.
Rudolph, the Jets' third- round draft choice in 1981 and the player behind Neil at right end and Marty Lyons at right tackle last season, has signed to join the Los Angeles Express for the 1985 United States Football League season.
The last Section 235 money for New York, appropriated in 1980, gave mortgage subsidies for the construction of 2,000 single-family houses.
Remove the peel from the avocado halves and put the halves in a mixing bowl.
The citizen's panel, modeled after the Warren Commission that investigated the murder of President John F. Kennedy, can only make recommendations and it lacks the power to act on them.
Mr. Dodd said he looked at prime shopping areas along Columbus Avenue and along 34th Street in Manhattan but was scared away by the high rents.
IN common with economists and Wall Street analysts, advisory services change their minds about investment opportunities, too.
At the gardens, on Old Westbury Road, there will be a symposium, ''American Gardens: The Influence of the Italian Renaissance,'' an all- day program with lectures, tours and workshops.
It was with a series of flashes, called stroboscopic photography, that he created his version of the Duchamps painting ''Nude Descending a Staircase.''
The company is also attempting to rebuild its organization in Japan and the United States, where Adidas has been thrown on the defensive after missing a shift in consumer interest toward wearing sport shoes less for athletics and more for comfort and looks.
I demand - and will demand - an open trial and I am strong enough to wait for acquittal until such a time when Polish justice will not be disgraced by criminals in military uniforms.''
Last year, he drove in three Indy-car events, finishing ninth at Phoenix with his car on fire.
''I said to him, 'Let's try to work it together,' '' said Pfitzinger, ''but he fell back.''
As a result, insider trading cases are very much on the S.E.C's agenda.
When it makes a loan, putting more money into the nation's financial system, it expands the supply of available credit, thus relieving upward pressure on interest rates.
Since September, more than 50 homes have been weatherized, after being examined by Connsave Energy Audits, including weather stripping, insulating and replacing broken doors and windows.
Ten minutes later it was ready for the table; it did not even need basting until it was removed from the oven.
General Pinochet reappointed Interior Minister Sergio Onofre Jarpa, the chief minister, whose decision to step down Monday was followed immediately by the resignation of 15 other ministers.
Bush Speech: Vice President Bush, back from a three-day swing through California, will address a recreation industry forum.
''We stayed only in the best hotels.
Sloppie Louie's, 92 South Street, between Fulton and John Streets.
Also, there are reports that none of the major oil buyers are yet putting pressure on the state-owned British National Oil Corporation to reduce North Sea contract prices.
For reservations or for more information about the new ensemble, call Mr. Hoffman at 528-4127.
Static Over Television This matchup, which will be televised by CBS at 3:30 P.M., was a matter of controversy recently.
''Rich has really strengthened the union - at the international, the districts and the locals,'' said Bob Kendrick, a mechanic at the Muskingum surface mine in Dresden, Ohio.
Clearly, this was a humanitarian, not a political, jaunt, and Mr. Carter said he intended to leave politics to the politicians.
(Plays generally break even between $80,000 and $100,000 a week and musicals between $130,000 and $200,000 a week.)
Devil's Bag's schedule includes the Wood Memorial at Aqueduct April 21.
''I'd say it carried some firms over a bad period.''
The report says that almost half the world's crop lands are losing topsoil at a rate that will lead to higher food prices and ''pockets of famine'' unless the loss is curbed.
On becoming the first President of independent Uganda in 1962, he quarreled with the country's four tribal kingdoms, alienating the most important of them, the Baganda.
''Governor Rockefeller was a very strong individual, and Hugh Carey was a very strong individual.
The temple was damaged in June during fighting between the army and Sikh insurgents.
Hours: noon to 10 P.M. through Saturday, noon to 6 P.M. Sunday.
JOAN LEE FAUST This Week: Bulbs are now available at garden centers; start planting and be generous with their numbers for adequate spring display.
Leaders of striking hospital workers in New York City angrily rejected a proposed 4 percent wage increase yesterday and warned that they would take stronger measures on picket lines to achieve a better settlement.
Alison R. Lanier, editor of ''Living Abroad,'' a publication for Americans sent overseas, adds that companies give little thought to an executive's children, especially teen-agers.
The Secretary for Northern Ireland, James Prior, told reporters outside his office in Whitehall that he would consider an outside inquiry into the shooting, but ''one has the feeling that these inquiries tend to rake over the ashes.''
During the ongoing investigation of the death, VonColin is not speaking publicly.
''The Americans are getting worse than the Chinese,'' complained a European reporter who failed to get a straight answer to her question.
at Teterboro Airport had inspected the vehicle driven by Mrs. Wolf at the Edgar Road Towing Company in Linden and had examined the debris from the cartons.
''I combed my hair just to quiet them down,'' he said, good-naturedly.
The group being sold includes M. Grumbacher Inc., Chartpak and the Plan Hold Corporation.
Two others, Illinois and Maryland, restrict poll-taking under guidelines rather than laws.
And yesterday both government and private analysts said the latest figures showed continuing good health for the economy, though they also said they believed the general economic expansion was slowing.
The President's decision to scale back imports by negotiation avoided retaliation.
For months his was a lonely campaign, often ignored by key Democratic strategists and by official Washington.
Under the election law, challenged votes must be passed to a three-member Electoral Tribunal, which will rule on the validity of each protest.
"It's very clear that John DeLorean referred to cocaine when he was talking about 'monkeys'," Mr. Weitzman told a score of reporters covering the automaker's trial on charges that he conspired to import 55 pounds of cocaine.
Here buyers can find a new tub washer, with a hand wringer on top, priced about the same as a modern automatic washer in San Diego.
But we have so few originals.''
There was no indication that Iranian troops had crossed into Iraq, as they did during two big offensives against the Kurds in the same area last year.
You have to wipe out atavism and play as if you have no memory of background, of the past, of anything that has happened to you before.
''The market doesn't expand that much.''
A new way for the U. S. to combat foreign bank secrecy laws will be proposed to Congress by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
It seems that 10 straight judicial defeats before his old nemesis, Judge Bullingham (Bill Fraser), convinced Rumpole that it was time to try being an orange in the Florida sun.
Suns 111, Jazz 110 PHOENIX, (UPI) - Maurice Lucas sank two free throws with four seconds left in overtime to give the Phoenix Suns a 3-1 lead in the Western Conference semifinal series.
''The number of transplants is going up steadily and new drugs are reducing the complications.''
It was the fifth straight loss for the Colts (4- 12).
For example, Clint Eastwood has made all but one of his movies over the last 12 years at Warner Bros., but he has no formal arrangement with the studio.
Moreover, this may be the only novel to contain both a lengthy glossary of business terms (ranging from ''assets'' to ''oligopoly'' to ''zoning code'') and an even lengthier bibliography.
The night before some 600 Iranians were killed or wounded in an air strike on Baneh, a Kurdish town in northwestern Iran, the Iranian agency said.
Conspicuously absent is anything that could be called mainstream opera.
Cut them in half and core them.
There is one answer and only one.
The rally organizers said Mr. Chavez would be there.
* United Airlines, Chicago, has named John R. Zeeman executive vice president-marketing and planning; John L. Cowan executive vice president-finance; James M. Guyette senior vice president and general manager-Central division; David L. Pringle senior vice president-personnel and industrial relations, and Anthony Chaitin senior vice president- corporate services.
Still, until not long ago, it was difficult to find many Californians who took the scientists' warnings very seriously.
Each walker had a sponsor who donated money for each kilometer covered.
The nuclear arsenal has been increased and a neutron weapon capability developed, and Defense Minister Charles Hernu no longer talks of disbanding the Foreign Legion as a colonialist relic.
People have been saying I was having a bad year, but I've been working to peak at this time.''
''If there isn't any punishment, there isn't any deterrent,'' said William E. Simon, the former Secretary of the Treasury and now president of the United States Olympic Committee.
It was the 29th annual edition of the ball, which was founded in 1954 by her aunt, Beatrice Joyce.
Thoroughbred Racing: Monmouth Park, 1:30 P.M.
His hopes for a chance to play professionally centered on an appeal to the War Department to extend the customary two-month academic leave to four months upon his graduation in 1947, which would enable him to play one pro season.
At the jazz festival, there may be people who have never heard my music.
I have not been able to find any reasonable explanation.
Mr. Summers said criminal prosecutions would probably result from the report.
Tuberculosis is classified by most health experts as both a preventable and curable disease.
Most of the jobs are full-time until Labor Day, when the park closes.
The stock of the nation's largest manufacturer of earth moving equipment has suffered through several depressed years.
Mr. Farah said his group - which was not represented in Lausanne and has repeatedly condemned Syria's role in Lebanon - was ''totally ready to establish direct contacts and direct relations'' with the main Druse and Shiite opposition groups.
Key witnesses who are expected to testify include Mr. Hedgecock's chief of staff, J. Michael McDade, who was investigated in two separate grand jury inquiries but cleared of any wrongdoing.
Atari, the proud star of conventions past, did not even have a ''hospitality suite'' where potential customers could examine its newest products over hors d'oeuvres and cocktails.
Where the yard sank under puddles they snapped at grass and old clotheslines.
But many of the patterns could never have been done on baskets.
The game would also match two of the more exciting players in the country - Bernie Kosar, the red-shirted freshman quarterback at Miami, and Bo Jackson, the sophomore tailback who was Auburn's leading rusher this season.
He considers buying an ice cream cone, but thinks better of it.
And ask them, if they dare tell you the truth, you'll learn from them what they predict for the inflation rate a year from now because of the deficit.
Texaco Net Down 29% In the third quarter, Chevron's earnings fell 32.8 percent, to $342 million, and Texaco's dropped 29 percent, to $235 million, from the same period a year ago.
''We have a treasure in our own backyard, and we want to prove soon that you don't always have to go to New York City to attend theatrical productions,'' Mr. O'Rourke said in announcing his ideas for a plan to urge county dramatists and theater groups to take part in programs staged by local producers, performers and playwrights.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Mrs. Gould's ''Victory'' diamond, which weighs 31.35 carats and is mounted as a ring, was purchased for $880,000 by a buyer from Saudi Arabia.
Its purpose was not to discourage the citizens of the new country from drinking the demon rum.
Eleanor Holmes Norton, professor of law, Georgetown University Law Center.
After the debate, Mr. Hart said, Mondale campaign officials will be looking for movement among ''voters 25 to 50, independents, white-collar and sales workers, upper income blue-collar workers and Catholics.''
For at least a month, the White House officials said, Mr. Reagan had planned to give an address on the historic problems of Congress seeking to exercise its prerogatives in foreign policy.
Guideline Increases Question: I have signed a subscription agreement for a co-op.
''The problem was that Martindale- Hubbell seemed to feel the subsidiary posed an inherent conflict of interest for them.
Recommended dishes: Marinated beef sticks, potato skins, onion rings, spinach salad, roast beef sandwich, cheesecake.
Jobs take one to four weeks.
Miss Maino was at her side at New York University Medical Center.
The Office of Management and Budget will have to delay its review of most agency budgets, until the director, David A. Stockman, gets ''more guidance from the President,'' the officials said.
''I wanted the extra year so as to have leverage with the players.''
Yes, they move as one - and this is strikingly demonstrated in the many unison passages that Mr. Efrati's choreography provides the dancers.
* Kenny Index, Kenny Information Systems Salomon Brothers estimates for bellwether issues
Survival becomes increasingly difficult with each succeeding poor year as the growers' debt continues to mount.
''New York New York a Korean-American Blues'' by Du-Yee Chang opens tonight at Off Center Theater, 436 West 18th Street.
James Adams, a fullback, gained 1 yard for first down and the halfback Mark Swenson went off tackle for another yard on second down.
However, the street version is on sale for a cut-rate $3.
Stadium Spawns Hope Genova and Mazzarini expressed the hope of all Columbia fans that the new Lawrence A. Wien Stadium will attract more quality players in the future.
''The worst part was a four-story-high wind screen.
There was also a production in Munster, West Germany, in 1978, but otherwise this has remained a strictly British affair.
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., without noting that he had abandoned initial opposition to the holiday after public criticism mounted.
''When suppliers and designers open their own stores, it does give the lines a little more exposure, but it also pulls business away from the stores that sell the line,'' he said.
It was not a matter of family or honor, hollow excuses.
Gerrie Coetzee, the World Boxing Association heavyweight champion, will make his first title defense May 5 when he faces Alfredo Evangelista of Spain in Johannesburg, according to Coetzee's manager, Cedric Kushner .
Women's groups organized to raise the public consciousness about rape, and held a candlelight march attended by more than 2,500 persons.
A huge kitsch mural of a reclining nude decorates the room.
With the Fire Department's highest honor, the James Gordon Bennett Medal, hanging from a red sash around his neck, Mr. Merkel recalled the successful rescue yesterday after he and 49 other firefighters were decorated with medals for valor.
by right of obsessive musical deed.''
Mr. Okosun has the fervor of Bob Marley and a fine ear for pop melody; he's likely to get audiences humming along to lines like ''We don't want another coup.''
News about grain was scarce, analysts said, but the market showed some strength by rallying late in the session.
During the one- and-a-quarter-hour tour, visitors are escorted along the village's wooded paths, past about 15 groups of craftspeople making pottery, baskets, weavings, bead sashes, weapons and masks, among other things.
THERE are many memorable passages in Virginia Woolf's diaries, but none more poignant than the entry for Sunday, 25 July 1926, which records the visit of the 45-year- old Virginia with Thomas Hardy at his home in Dorset.
First of all, it must fit into the arm mechanically.
Best of the broiled items was the bluefish - white, firm and tasty.
Although it won't open formally until Oct. 21, when a gala benefit replete with a ribbon-cutting ceremony, a champagne supper-dance and a musical revue featuring Broadway and cabaret stars will mark the occasion, the theater is already in operation.
''There is life after Lilco,'' says the Governor, adding that Long Island's energy future does not depend on Lilco.
Pincay will ride in the Belmont.
Mr. Zitzer, formerly an investment analyst for the Bankers Trust Company in New York, graduated from the University of California at Berkeley.
13 for the sixth of his eight birdies in a round that had no bogeys.
Trinity College in Hartford has its faculty- artist chamber series getting under way on Oct. 7, and although the names of most of the players are new to me, the programming is fresh and imaginative: the first Sunday, for instance, you can hear Beethoven's ''Ghost'' Trio, Ravel's shimmering ''Chansons Madecasses'' and the witty Poulenc Sextet (527-8062).
Mr. Lohn, who wears gloves to pound the piano, conducted his musicians (Steve Antonelli, George Arevalo, Jay Elfenbein, Tim Mukherjee, Amy Reich, Rich Robinson, Jeff Siegel) on a stage behind the dancers, who performed on a floor in front.
It still requires action by the Board of Estimate and the Legislature.
A Miami police officer whose fatal shooting of a young black man sparked three days of violence in the Overtown neighborhood here in December 1982 was acquitted tonight of manslaughter charges stemming from the incident.
Tulsa 87, Indiana St. 70 TERRE HAUTE, Ind.
EGGER: To exclude grocery money or that kind of thing.
Some examples: when a player commits a personal foul while on defense or during a loose-ball situation; when a player is charged with a punching foul, or a deliberate defensive foul away from the play in the final two minutes of a game or during overtime.
This often means, he said, having broken antennae, gnawed legs and tattered wings.
The White House was said to take the position that Mr. Reagan could not accept the approach of calculating military spending in aggregate percentage terms, rather than dollar amounts.
The Inquirer also said that Justice Larsen had voted to keep the report on his conduct secret when the issue came before the court.
Moreover, the Reagan Administration is going out of its way to encourage American companies to set up shop in Haiti.
The listings above are based on computer-processed sales figures from 2,000 bookstores and from representative wholesalers with more than 40,000 retail outlets, including newsstands, variety stores, supermarkets and bookstores.
''I didn't want to hurt anybody's feelings,'' she explains.
Since research will not reach that stage for several years, the Soviet concerns are premature, they said.
For the Yankees, there were Dave Winfield and Don Mattingly, the two best hitters in the league this season, and for the Red Sox there were Tony Armas, the major league leader in home runs; Dwight Evans, the major league leader in runs scored; Wade Boggs, baseball's leading hitter last season, and Rice, probably the most reputable of them all.
Mr. Carballo, whose office supervised the state's mental health and public health departments as well as its social service, youth, Medicaid and welfare programs, often told colleagues that he was drawn into public service after the assassination of President Kennedy in 1963.
THE North Carolina Dance Theater has always opted to perform in both ballet and modern dance, and this weekend at the Brooklyn Center for the Performing Arts at Brooklyn College, it presented a variety of four new productions that were extremely interesting.
The shooting is part of an ambitious, $26.5 million project, a 10-hour, four-part mini-series based on ''Peter the Great,'' Robert K. Massie's 1981 Pulitzer Prize-winning biography of the Russian czar 300 years ago who overcame brutal court intriques - including opposition from his own son, whom he had killed - to amass awesome powers, who went incognito to Europe to wrench Russia out of its medieval isolation and who forged a nation capable of crushing the Turks and the Swedes.
''There are still officers who work with certain political groups,'' a senior officer said, ''but it used to be 70 percent of the army that was political and 30 percent that wanted to stay apolitical.
And Specialist 4 Arthur E. (Gene) Woodley Jr. still has nightmares 12 years later of shooting a soldier who begged to be killed after being mutilated by the Vietcong.
The methods involve accounting procedures and circuitous arms transfers that disguise both the value and quantity of military aid the United States has sent to Central America to support friendly governments and Nicaraguan rebels, according to the officials and documents.
The answers were integrated with the annual summary, Mr. Wright testified, and then the tax return was drawn and passed over to Mr. Claiborne for his signature before it was filed.
Youth Regains Accent He may not have solved all the problems besetting the Mets, the injuries to Doug Sisk and Ron Gardenhire, the status of John Stearns or the loss of eight and a half games in the standing in less than a month.
And we haven't even reached our stride.''
Teachers have put away posters and removed the character from their classrooms.
House to Vote on Changes The White House officials and aides to Mrs. Heckler said she was prepared to announce an 18-month moratorium next week, possibly Monday.
Bildisco's president said the ruling upheld the step that allowed his company to survive.
Its call for an amendment urging countries to foster ''the conditions where the human entrepreneurial and commercial spirit can flourish'' as a means of curbing population growth was widely viewed by these countries as an attack on their political systems.
And there was a failure to understand the importance of the man to society.
Along the main street of this town in the Florida Panhandle are signs advertising fishing bait, power tools, grouper dinners and waterbeds.
The commission's final argument is that failure in Central America will damage our worldwide ''credibility.''
''The law had a very good effect,'' said Henry J. Stern, the city's Parks Commissioner.
All our Government has done is ask exporting nations to tell the truth.
Rupert Murdoch, the Australian publisher who is trying to gain control of Warner Communications Inc., has seen his bid checked by a deal between Warner and Chris-Craft Industries.
The South Koreans have been cooking their own rice, which is sticky compared to the dry, flaky Cuban rice, and they have also been making a spicy cabbage soup.
Hers is an odd voice, hollow at the bottom and opening up to a big, bright, securely supported upper extension.
''What the hell do you think you're doing?''
Pureed vegetables can also form the basis for the wonderful cream soups that used to start every French bistro and pension meal.
It's up to the Bears' organization.
A Dallas woman who may never have set foot on the Baylor University campus has left property worth $13.8 million to the institution, the largest single gift in Baylor's 139-year history, university officials said today.
A creamy flan, with a nicely caramelized sauce, or guava slices with cream cheese are sensible dessert choices.
Whether the 21-month old economic expansion is slowing down, stalling out or perhaps even slipping into recession is of overwhelming interest to business planners, stock and bond operators, consumers, workers and economists, not to mention politicians with eyes fixed on Election Day.
On occasion, the President meets with students or schoolchildren.
He has changed, at least externally, as he has campaigned.
Maxwell admits, ''I would have thought we'd have won by now, to be honest.''
The plan also calls for an increase in military spending of 3.5 percent after accounting for inflation, or about half the 7 percent rise being sought by the Reagan Administration.
''We're just out of sync right now, and it's not something that's going to correct itself overnight,'' said Coach Billy Cunningham.
While the league has been successful in establishing councils in the Northeast and Middle West, it has had problems attracting younger professionals.
By this time the audience is laughing in recognition, and, of course, the old man does not keep silent.
Porters and tour leaders are also paid, but the fee is fixed.
Cryptosporidia cysts can survive in the environment for months, but no one is sure for how many months.
New York offered the highest effective yields in the country, followed by Los Angeles, 9.91 percent; Chicago, 9.88 percent; Philadelphia, 9.71 percent, and Detroit, 9.53 percent.
The Assembly must now act.
He described price-fixing as his top concern.
His apartment complex sits on the corner of West Main Street, the street that runs through the middle of one of Stamford's poorest areas.
The implication was that he had sought only a quick profit and had never intended to take over St. Regis.
But because of the rain, it ran 2 hours 4 minutes 59.4 seconds.
With this and other funds, he proposes to build a 900-seat theater and surrounding complex on a donated expanse of land beside the lake that still glimmers like 10 miles of glass, as it did when James Fenimore Cooper described it.
The most common methods of treatment include individual psychiatric therapy, group therapy and drugs, either antidressants or tranquilizers.
b-After an extraordinary net loss of $133,000 for the quarter and 9 months.
''This is something that came up only in the last few months in conversations with my wife, Judy,'' Kaiser said before today's meetings began.
Where balloons get tangled in sleet and walls spout waterfalls, the odds on one day having to choose whether to take one's emeralds plain or fancy seem very high indeed.
Southampton can be a deliciously drowsy place this time of year, and he and his elegant wife had just the house and devoted staff.
Representative James Florio of New Jersey, an author of the laws governing hazardous waste disposal, believes that the E.P.A.
A la carte, $14.50 to $22.
The Senate Environment and Public Works Committee is scheduled to begin drafting its legislation for renewing the law next week.
Address questions to Garden News, The New York Times, 229 West 43d Street, New York, N. Y.
And he has pumped up annual sales to an estimated $75 million in this fiscal year from $17 million three years ago.
And though ''SportsBeat'' has respected journalists on its staff, such as Mike Marley and Pete Bonventre, it bears the unmistakable stamp of Cosell.
In 1983 the United States Centers for Disease Control in Atlanta dropped the words ''risk groups'' from their references to AIDS.
Michael J. Matthews, the former Mayor of Atlantic City, is to go on trial in Newark tomorrow on Federal charges of extorting bribes for favors and conspiring to use his office to benefit organized crime.
Walter Payton , the Chicago Bear running back, was released from a hospital after arthroscopic surgery to relieve irritation on both knees.
When the athletes were in place in the infield, the formal greetings began and the Games were officially opened.
It had business types rather than car enthusiasts.''
Time to Take a Break Statistics tend to be recorded here with almost theological rigor, and among the many surveys is one showing that the average big-company employee will take 6.5 days of vacation this summer.
Dutifully, they started reading, only to be undutifully astounded.
Poultry, beef, eggs, tomatoes and hogs led the gain.
Landing a job will still be a challenge for students in nontechnical areas, authorities in the field say.
Top-seeded Manuela Maleeva of Bulgaria defeated Lisa Bonder, 6-4, 6-3, in the women's final of the $574,000 United States Open Clay-Court tennis championships today.
On the other hand, Nakasone has been consistent on certain basics, such as his nationalism and his desire for a militarily strong Japan.
The estimate for 1984 is $190 billion.
Substitute for Costly Plan The plan was conceived as an alternative to a more expensive plan to dam the Salt River below its confluence with the Verde with the Orme Dam, thereby flooding part of an Indian Reservation and wiping out thousands of acres of wildlife habitat.
I held on and hoped for the best.''
Bill Robinson, the coach who helped generate the new offense as the hitting instructor, says: ''They got over the hump this year.
The plans differ in detail, but in each case the payments involved come from government funds; the library remains free to the public.
''But saving the reader from boredom is not the job of the journalist.''
A group of black ministers yesterday endorsed Representative Joseph P. Addabbo of Queens, whose renomination has been challenged by a black Democrat, Simeon Golar.
If the office looks shabby, people will think we build shabby computers.''
Their homes are still standing, three of them now housing foreign embassies.
A PATTERN of what seems to be insider trading is emerging in the securities markets.
''They controlled the tempo in the first half; we wanted to pick it up.
The highly competitive Everglades field also includes Turnberry, who beat Time for a Change in the latter's seasonal debut here last month, and Bello, who has won the O'Farrell Memorial and the Bahamas Stakes in his two starts this year.
One commissioner, James Asselstine, reflecting the concerns of many of the states, charged then that the plan was so vague it would have allowed consideration of sites near earthquake faults.
Culinary history also extends into many academic disciplines.
According to the A.C.L.U., the last Federal execution was carried out in 1963.
General Motors' top officials, for example, traditionally come from universities and states in the Middle West.
Edmonton, which was outshot, 34- 26, scored after only 92 seconds.
His colors were clear and strong, from striped beach clothes to evening prints, carrying a full load of beads and sequins.
Kiviat's hopes for a gold medal were based on his reputation for holding a lead with his bow- legged, long-armed running stance.
It was a British-made weapon.
''CHAOS'' is one legislator's word for it: Six hundred small water companies - some even lacking both full-time management and the money to install filtration equipment - serve many of Connecticut's 2.5 million residents who rely on public sources for their needs.
The buildings that one might have thought of as background buildings have become so numerous that they have become, collectively, the foreground.
The market opened just in time because President Nixon closed the ''gold window'' in August of that year.
However, the judge suspended all of the sentences except for six months for the first and third counts and permitted those two terms to be served concurrently.
''I don't have to write a speech.
It is hard to tell how many starts and stops went into ''Come, Said My Soul,'' the poem he used as the title-page epigraph for several editions of ''Leaves of Grass.''
* American Telephone and Telegraph Co. has elected to its board, effective with the Jan. 16 board meeting, Howard H. Baker Jr., the Tennessee Republican who is retiring as majority leader of the Senate.
Social Action Committee he helped win a legal battle to equalize the salaries of black and white teachers in Atlanta.
Strategies Reviewed Defense department officials said that, after concluding that the Soviet Union had used chemical weapons in Afghanistan and that Vietnam had used them in Cambodia and Laos, they had began to collect information about the capacity of other countries to acquire chemical weapons.
Reagan: He endorses free trade but supports aiding industries that suffer from ''unfair'' competition from countries that subsidize exports or sell goods below cost.
Temple 62, Rutgers 39 PHILADELPHIA (UPI) - Terence Stansbury scored 20 points and Charles Rayne added 17 as Temple routed Rutgers in an Atlantic 10 Conference game.
John Condzella, Route 25A, Wading River.
''It felt like I had 20-pound weights on my arms.
Kelley and Navy Adm. James D. Watkins - more influential than any of their predecessors in 20 years.
I want to do a lot more writing.''
''The Greens were the only victors in the poll,'' said Ulrich Tost, a member of the party's executive.
Bronzes, a dominant element in the design of French furnishings, were often described in detail in inventories to distinguish one commode or desk from another.
Sovereign's revenues for the year ended Dec. 31, its first as a public company, came to $191,286.
''This is a male community in the best sense of the word and my instinct is that it is right for us,'' he said.
Both Finance Minister Yitzhak Modai in his public statements and the Cabinet in its communique approving the deal left a bit of flexibility on the question of subsidized goods.
The tale came to its dramatic conclusion at the end of the week when an American diplomat was caught in the glare of searchlights as he tried to hide a cache of microfilm, poison ampuls and gold coins on a railroad bridge in central Moscow.
LodgingsKass Inn, Route 30, near Margaretville (914-586-9844), charges $44 to $46 a person a night, double, and that includes dinner and breakfast.
After the Bucks had pulled to a 4-point deficit, Dawkins hit his second consecutive 3-point play on a dunk and a foul to give the Nets a 103-96 lead with 45 seconds left.
Parcells was asked if he expected that treatment after every victory.
It did not elaborate on this point.
I also think it's time for some younger fellow to take over and give the town the type of club it deserves.''
Calvin Klein's appear to be even longer - just a few short inches above the ankle.
''They all want the Michael Jackson look,'' explained Kenneth A.
I think Geraldine should say what she means by her definition of a 'good Christian,' that Reagan should say what he means when he says Mondale isn't true to his own morality.''
The submarine Croaker is now a museum, and the nonclaustrophobic can take a 25-minute tour of its interior.
After two years of negotiations, it has gotten Britain to accept its right to Hong Kong without a struggle.
There's no hint in it of either the hard- edge abstractions of the 1930's or the Abstract Expressionism the artist was then on the brink of.
The islands are inhabited by Chilean shepherds and patrolled by Argentine torpedo boats.
Have banks been down so long that they're on their way up?
Robert Ortner, chief economist at the Commerce Department, said one of the reasons for the low inventory buildup in June was a 3.4 percent decline in inventories held by automobile dealers, who were unable to keep up with demand during the month.
In the midst of the service, the minister had called all the children to the front of the sanctuary and given them chocolate Easter eggs.
State health officials said the same reimbursement formula also included money to cover a 5.5 percent increase for nursing-home workers.
Plans Disclosed at Thanksgiving The Chamber of Commerce has tried to maintain open communications with Maharishi University officers, who seem to change positions quite frequently.
* Union Trust Bank Corp. , a bank holding company based in Baltimore, said its board had authorized the purchase of up to 200,000 shares of its common stock.
Board approval was granted for a $650 million increase in the capital of the International Finance Corporation to $1.3 billion.
As an example of his distributive works, a standing male figure in his new show will serve very well.
Management's relationship with its artists is a schizophrenic blend of servant and master.
Henning to Talk to Flyers The Islanders' assistant coach and former player, Lorne Henning, will talk to the Philadelphia Flyers about being their head coach after the playoffs end.
During the drill, the United States Department of Energy would exercise such police powers as directing traffic, barring entry to the plant and activating the Emergency Broadcasting System.
The daily paper has risen from a readership of 380,000 when Mr. Winship took over in 1965 to 520,000, while the Sunday paper has climbed to 793,000 from 440,000.
The New Jersey Lottery Commission today approved changes in the Pick 6 weekly lottery to make it harder to win.
Verdi's 'La Traviata' Featuring Teresa Stratas, Placido Domingo and Cornell MacNeil; written, designed and directed by Franco Zeffirelli, 1982.
The last report last evening was down in Jackson Township, due east of Trenton.''
In one of the history-lesson chapters I was reminded more than once of the ''Nestor'' episode from ''Ulysses,'' with Stephen and the schoolmaster Mr. Deasy, as the narrator addresses his audience: ''But there's another theory of reality, children.
Games on NBC are down 11 percent from last year and about 30 percent from their 1980 high.
The Puer also has an ''angelic hermaphroditic quality where masculine and feminine are perfectly joined.''
As the elections approach, the Republicans show signs of reviving from two moribund decades.
(Most of the pictures in the fashion books have been published before, in their original incarnations as images designed to move the goods of the garment industry.)
Fraud charges were filed against Mr. Ruiz Mateos after the Spanish Government nationalized Rumasa, Spain's biggest conglomerate, last year, saying the move was necessary to stave off a financial failure.
The fear that terrorists might somehow get the Stingers was expressed frequently, not only by Senator Inouye but also by Senators Warren B. Rudman, Republican of New Hampshire, and Dennis DeConcini, Democrat of Arizona.
Employment rose over the year, price increases were moderate, the purchasing power of worker earnings improved and the jobless rate was more than a point below the national figure, the bureau's regional commissioner, Samuel M. Ehrenhalt, said.
Price range: A la carte entrees at lunch $3.50 to $5.25, at dinner $9.95 to $18.50.
'A Hero in His Own Country' ''This man, Sharon,'' Mr. Gould said, ''is a minister, a general, a soldier, a farmer and a hero in his own country.''
Building in Manhattan at this moment, but no one talks about it.
Instead of the expected ''reception committee'' to direct me to my hotel, I encountered only unknown faces.
ASH (Action on Smoking and Health), 2013 H Street N.W., Washington, D.C. 20006.
To re-use or not to re-use?
According to the leaked documents - whose authenticity has not been challenged - Eberhard von Brauchitsch, deputy chairman of the Flick industrial group, was closely following the maneuvers of Mr. Kohl, who was at the time Premier of Rhineland-Palatinate, to succeed Mr. Barzel.
Some diplomats say they believe the Haitian Government's fluctuation on human rights reflects a struggle between Mr. Duvalier and various aides and influential businessmen who believe that their positions and possibly the stability of the Government may be jeopardized by loosening controls.
''A broker's revenue is principally commission and fee income, which is usually based on the level of premium paid by the customer.''
For example, the official party's Governor of Ceara, Luis Gonzaga, said he had been offered a ministerial post to secure his state's votes.
Anthony Bazza specializes in many types of restoration.
''Our members got only three hours' sleep last night.''
The Washington Post today quoted a network source as saying ABC agreed to pay about $235,000 to Mr. Safir.
IN a 1959 short story, ''All You Zombies,'' Mr. Heinlein's time-traveling hero discovers that he is his own father and mother.
On this basis, the very ABC's of law enforcement - including the necessity of handcuffing offenders with their hands behind their backs - had not been taught the correction officers.
Laurence M. Wassong, 44, executive vice president and account group head, becomes president and chief operating officer.
To the Editor: William Wallace's Nov. 7 letter was beautiful in its summary of what the Civilian Conservation Corps did for America and Americans.
The ''new man,'' renowned for his vulnerablity and sensitivity, is both in and out.
Their final victory over the French players, by the overwhelming margin of 79 international match points, was a considerable surprise to all observers.
''Look,'' she said, still whipping quarters, dimes, nickels and tokens through the smooth wooden chute to waiting customers.
The editorial material often plugs the products being advertised in the insert.
There was glowing showmanship throughout.
But something has changed in New York.
Mr. Graff noted that, although public power facilities were given a preference in obtaining the electric power, there was more electricity available than they could use.
in rushing during the 16-game regular season with 1,449 yards, added 99 against the Denver Broncos in the wild-card playoff, and had 113 yards in a 27-20 upset of the Miami Dolphins in a divisional playoff.
I was still holding the tray with our breakfast on it.
Mr. Shultz previously served in Washington from 1969 to 1974 as Secretary of Labor, director of the Office of Management and Budget, Treasury Secretary and Presidential assistant.
The group is based at the Guggenheim Museum, where it uses gallery space for instruction.
But in his freshman year, when he lived in the Quad with other freshmen, Della Rocca learned how to talk to nerds.
They could each face a maximum prison sentence of 30 years if convicted here.
A spokesman for the Aluminum Company of America, another can manufacturer and recycler, cited industry estimates that while one billion aluminum cans come into the state each year, only 10 percent are recycled.
Mr. Heyman said he has largely ''decentralized'' senior management by giving the vice presidents in charge of chemicals and roofing products far greater authority.
''The preponderance of scientific evidence does not demonstrate that ambient tobacco smoke is harmful to the health of nonsmokers,'' William D. Toohey, director of media relations for the Tobacco Institute, said in an interview.
He's been doing research in absentia, sending his representatives to the shows to watch the maribou fly.
Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan and other Democrats said the Carter Administration was not among the Administrations responsible.
Won't that discourage good men, without personal fortunes, from working in government?
President Reagan has nominated Rosemary M. Collyer to assume the $69,600-a-year general counsel post for a full four-year term, but the Senate Labor Committee did not bring the nomination to a vote before Congress adjourned.
There were singers and an orchestra played ancient and modern Chinese music.
One of the priests was quoted by the Indian press as saying, ''We are neither sad nor happy at the event.''
''Age isn't important in these fruit alcohols,'' he said.
SOCCER: Brazil vs. Saudi Arabia, at Rose Bowl; West Germany vs. Morocco, at Stanford; Yugoslavia vs. Cameroon.
Liberty Federal converted to public stock ownership on Dec. 13, 1983; per share figures for periods prior to the conversion are not applicable.
But I'm also going to listen to the U.S.F.L.''
He said the radio antenna served several Nicaraguan civilian agencies, including the National Bank, the Nicaraguan Institute of Energy and the Institute of Agrarian Reform.
States do the job well enough, he says, and amusement-ride injuries have declined in recent years.
She married Dr. Sidney Farber, the founder of the Children's Cancer Research Foundation (now the Dana- Farber Cancer Institute) in Boston.
Several years ago, the Salvadoran central bank introduced a two-tier rate of foreign currency exchange, which meant that Xerox in El Salvador could once again convert its profits into dollars and send them home to its parent.
''It was a situation in which three guys were fighting for the starting job,'' Young said.
He adds: ''There are no violations of the Olympic Charter.
He fights like Muhammad Ali.''
Long ago, on a visit to Montauk, I once carried Fred's older brother Tom into the surf.
Treasury Secretary Donald T. Regan is again criticizing the Federal Reserve for holding money too tight.
''The festival provides an outlet for the intense musical creativity occurring across Connecticut,'' says its director, Joseph Celli, ''and it gives area residents an opportunity to enjoy a wide and diverse range of styles and esthetic concerns.
One associate has heard him quietly say Casey would ''rue the day'' if the contradictions in their stories were ever pressed in a legal forum.
Campy Russell , the former Knick, to play in the National Basketball Association again, this time with the Denver Nuggets, may not have a happy ending.
Dr. Sandson said the Boston medical school now ranks 14th nationally in its percentage of enrollment of minority group members.
The Department of Education, for instance, acknowledged that it closed 22 investigations of alleged discrimination after the Grove City decision.
Mr. Chaquico has recently added Eddie Van Halen's guitar style to his arsenal of power chords and blues licks.
''I doubt you could limit sale to just New York State products.''
Some Use a Go-Between Some single people reluctant to expose themselves to public scrutiny use others as a go-between.
Behrend in Goal for U.S. Marc Behrend, a 23-year-old who was the nation's top college goalie the last two years at Wisconsin, will start for the Americans.
''A Life for the Czar,'' as the work was known for more than a century until the Soviets rewrote the libretto for political reasons in 1939, tells how a heroic peasant in 1612 purposely led enemy Polish troops on a wrong path and thus saved the life of the young Czar Mikhail, founder of the Romanov dynasty.
Duvel, De Koninck, Palm Ale and Gouden Carolus are favorites of Antwerp, Belgium's diamond center; Wittekop and Augustijn are indigenous to the Ghent-Bruges area, and the rest come from breweries in fertile sections of Brabant Province.
The researchers said they expect that the operation of the high-gain free-electron amplifier would eventually be extended to shorter wavelengths - infrared, visible and ultraviolet light.
I had gotten a tip that the talkative Broadway producer had a part in the picture as a talkative movie producer.
It is from this report that we drew our proposals for bringing peaceful development to Central America.
Through lower salaries and better use of its fleet, Continental has cut its cost per seat mile from 8.5 cents to just over 6 cents, close to that of the newer airlines.
Since the land is in a park improvement district, there is a floor-area bonus for community space, which will be provided in an as-yet undecided form.
Nancy Dick in Colorado bring to 10 the number of women nominated for Senate this year.
He insists on taking a long- term approach - one reason, he said, why he can take ''a lot of vacation,'' including a trip to England next month.
Away from Madrid and Lisbon, a rented car is essential.
''The idea is to show the versatility of Michael Jordan,'' he said.
With a popular President strongly identified with the issue, and the pro-prayer forces offering little mercy to those who come out against them, senators up for re-election in 1984 must think twice before voting nay.
It was photographed with a large-format camera called the IMAX that produces a film 10 times larger than ordinary motion picture film.
ONE year ago, when Andrew P. O'Rourke was sworn in as the first Republican County Executive in nearly a decade, he promised that he would run a ''reasonable, responsible, compassionate and efficient government,'' pledging also ''not to build Ozymandian monuments,'' a reference, from a poem by Shelley, to the vanity and futility of a tyrant's power.
The Program BOSTON SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA, Seiji Ozawa, conductor; Peter Serkin, pianist.
Such a possibility is why most coaches inure themselves to criticism that they ''run up,'' scores, as the Patriots seemed to have done two weeks ago in a 50-17 victory over the Colts.
With final results from Kent and Sussex counties and three-fourths of the results from New Castle County, the 49- year-old Mr. Quillen had 17,060 votes, while former Gov.
The Government has been particularly interested in shutting down the base at Torrejon de Ardoz, which is 15 miles outside of Madrid and has been a focus of anti-American demonstrations.
There is far more debate about what Syria wants.
A diagnostic test might help clarify the definition.
6522 THE BEST OF JAMES HERRIOT.
The company's helicopter unit lost $2.7 million as a result of an oversupply in the market and uneconomic pricing
Genesis of a Compromise ''It looked as though in March or April of 1983 we would be facing, for the first time, the question of 'What do we do if a black applicant reaches the top of the list?'
That does not, of course, include the carpeting.
Response of the Church Another consequence of the Honecker visit and the possibilities it raises has been the response of Poland's Roman Catholic Church, which has pointedly supported General Jaruzelski, even attacking German Catholics who appealed to have masses celebrated in German for what they asserted were their ethnic brethren in Poland.
The organization of a vast totalitarian folk education program remained one of the leadership's paramount preoccupations throughout the 12 years of Nazi rule.
Mrs. Ferraro shouted as she reached the rostrum to the roaring acclaim of her fellow New Yorkers, who had not seen her since her designation as Walter F. Mondale's Vice-Presidential choice.
In his own way, the artist is as much the personification of Mexico as Diego Rivera, Jose Orozco and David Siqueiros, yet he has been overshadowed by them - some say for political reasons.
Mr. Pavarotti had (and has) the more arresting voice, but Mr. Kraus was (and remains, in this repertory) the far more satisfying artist: his phrasing had a liquid elegance that Mr. Pavarotti, with his stentorian stiffness, could never match.
Outrage remained widespread among most Sikhs around India.
''Did you know,'' said Marjorie Reed, one of the few women wearing color (white, red, blue and yellow), ''that Pina Bausch had German dirt flown in for one of her dances?''
And Now for Something Completely Different Starring and written by Graham Chapman, John Cleese, Terry Gilliam, Eric Idle, Terry Jones and Michael Palin; directed by Ian McNaughton, 1972 RCA/Columbia 89 minutes.
American HomeNew York-based American Home Products said earnings rose to $158.3 million, or $1.02 a share, from $142.9 million, or 91 cents a share, in the second quarter of 1983.
''We are also considering him as a candidate,'' John Humphrey, chairman of the ballet, said Wednesday.
Princess Maria-Christina of Liechtenstein, who has presented all her daughters at the ball, has been helpful securing Austrian and German debutantes.
On the New York Stock Exchange yesterday, Disney declined 50 cents, to $63, on about 1.6 million shares.
He also wrote a microwave cookbook and had a syndicated television cooking show in Canada.
He then putted out of the sand and the ball rolled across the green and into the lake.
For the third year a SoNo Arts Celebration will take place in the historic, reconstructed block that has been filling up gradually with art galleries, shops and condominiums.
More than 100 exhibitors will demonstrate their old tractors, hot- air pumping machines, shingle mills, steam-power log cutters, and corn- shellers and corn-grinders, some going back a century, as well as railroad section cars, old autos and motorcycles.
Mr. Abramowitz's endorsement was for Starrett City, the middle-income development in Brooklyn, where he is one of 20,000 tenants.
The decision appeared to help the candidacy of former Gov.
The comet was also observed by the NASA research aircraft and an Argentine research plane flying from Tahiti.
Yet, perhaps the most frightening aspect of Georgetown's 32d victory of this season was that it was not only Ewing - who had 15 points, 7 rebounds and 3 blocked shots, and was named the most valuable player in the regional tournament - who was the intimidator.
Popularity High in Polls The President goes into the race seeing his popularity in the polls high and earning respect for his political talents from those who were once skeptical.
''I thought even up until Wednesday,'' he said, referring to July 18, ''there was a chance we could win.
(It will be shown on the network April 26 at 8:45 P.M.).
Some of the other musicians weren't so lucky.
''There's no way we would have passed a cutoff of funding for covert aid in Nicaragua without Jim Wright's leadership.
That sentence, along with other harsh language, is missing from the final report, which was completed after Mr. Goldberg had guaranteed the commission's financing.
Forty-five percent of women in the city who now receive Aid to Families With Dependent Children became parents in their teens.
* American Express Co. has named Ida F.S.
Last September, when the stock was selling at 40, Arthur L. Smith of Oppenheimer & Company commended Gulf as an ''attractive vehicle for investors who wish to have some petroleum industry representation in their portfolios.''
For instance, in a garment such as Judith Bird's dress with a pattern of brush strokes in autumnal colors, the handwoven cloth is visually overpowered.
Again this year, another offspring of Seattle Slew, the Kentucky Derby winner Swale, died without warning shortly after winning the Belmont Stakes.
The company, with strong marketing and with the price of oil seemingly rising endlessly, prospered handsomely.
Brown's coaching technique leaves little to chance.
Romano L. Mazzoli Democrat of Kentucky Immigration is how America came to be America.
Lucien Quintin, who heads the Fairfax, Calif., company that imports Kretek, said that the name came from the Indonesian word that means ''crackling,'' which suggests the sensation that the smoker is supposed to get from it.
One thing you don't want him to do is beat you when the game is on the line.
Art galleries, antiques shops and clothes boutiques have their own constituencies, but who can stroll past a lineup of magnificently glazed fruit tarts without a double take?
''There is no nicer way to put it.
These people are now retiring and either buying condominiums or heading south, according to John Juliano of Levittown Equities, a real-estate agency.
The modern boundaries of Africa are mainly derived from the colonial partitions imposed by European powers in the latter part of the 19th century.
Imperial, a unit of the Exxon Corporation, does appear to have adopted a decidedly unglamorous strategy.
Mr. Willcox said that the credit- card industry estimates that a card that is lost or stolen is worth $1,000 to $5,000 to the unauthorized user before its disappearance is noted and the legitimate holder calls to have charges on it ''blocked.''
The show reclaimed him as a British artist.''
The Chelles Sacramentary, which is thought to have been painted in the Abbey of Saint-Amand in France around the year 860, is considered to be remarkable for the nobility and elegance of its nine ornamented pages.
And a recent management move to hinder a takeover of the company might have been the last straw for stockholders.
One of them says, 'The party has two wings, you know.'
During last year's campaign, for example, when Mr. Grinspun did not like some of the news stories probing his planned policies, he lashed out at reporters during a news conference, labeling their work ''irresponsible.''
He was 78 years old.
Eleventh Avenue is now the Automobile Row of New York City.''
Sister Gomarin said she entered the drawing to donate money to the hospital.
Riots In Wake of Sadat's Death The men were among some 4,000 suspects arrested in 1981 in the wake of the assassination of President Anwar el- Sadat and subsequent riots in the town of Asyut in which 87 people died and more than 150 were injured.
For the first time, a majority of college basketball coaches favor a shot clock, a survey by the National Association of Basketball Coaches showed yesterday.
They will mean that we are halting our defense initiative in return for the pleasure of Soviet company at the table, something we said we would not do.
THE final details of the project, one of the largest planned for the entire West Side, are still being decided, but Housing Partnership spokesmen said it would include high-rise towers on the circle's northwestern and southwestern blocks, as well as low-rise buildings, and ground-floor space for stores.
The House then concurred in the Senate version of the measure by a vote of 166 to 163.
''What you'll have people doing is bidding for the supplies available in the spot market,'' said Lawrence J. Goldstein, executive vice president of the Petroleum Industry Research Foundation, an industry group.
Mrs. Galef urged the Board and its committees to properly investigate and dispose of ''all business before us'' - to counter Mr. O'Rourke's claim that the Board had failed to act on several of last year's proposals, including one for a seven-county authority to take over the County Medical Center.
''This team has gone a lot further than it was supposed to,'' said Lappas, who celebrates his 30th birthday today.
HISTORY OF LIFE' Steven Jay Gould is also preoccupied with the past, but on an entirely different level.
For those investors, small and large, waiting to get out even, it could spell the opportunity to unload equities.
A poll in early September, also commissioned by Mr. Augustine, showed Mrs. Boggs with a lead of 4.8 percentage points and 26 percent of the voters undecided.
So it is with voting.
At the Musical Theater of Paris at 2 Edouard Colonne, near the Ch^atelet Metro stop, there will be performances of Chabrier's ''L'Etoile'' from Oct. 20 to Nov. 2 and ''The Secret Marriage'' by Cimarosa from Nov. 16 to 23.
The statistics indicate that American consumers have bought nearly 2.3 million recorders since Jan. 1.
In 1983, 18,813,397 revenue passengers got on planes there.
He fooled the Rowdies by shooting softly with his left foot at a time they thought he would pass.
The farmer noted the dark stripes of the cross and the desert- gray coat.
Bernhard brought in another member of his family.''
But beyond this, your readers should be aware that our most recent data (for October through December 1983, the first three months that prospective pricing was in effect) indicate that the national system is working as planned, at least in its impact on some important areas, such as admissions and length of hospital stays, both of which are declining and therefore having a positive effect on hospital expenses.
Taken for Medical Checkup After the news conference, which lasted about 10 minutes, Mr. Regier was taken to the American University Hospital for a checkup and then to see his wife.
Neighbors said Mr. Huberty's wife packed up Zelia and the couple's 10-year-old daughter, Cassandra, at dawn and left the apartment complex that struggled to maintain a middle- class air in a down-at-the-heels neighborhood near the Mexican border.
Mr. Epstein's stentorian Hamm is most amusingly sardonic when he wonders at the absence of ''phone calls'' in the void - or repeatedly recounts his life's single ''chronicle,'' about a ''wonderfully pale and thin'' beggar who once came crawling to seek his help.
RAYMOND ENGLISH Senior Vice President Ethics and Public Policy Center Washington, June 7, 1984
Before the publication of his book, marathon officials, including Lebow, repeatedly declined to comment on reports that substantial under-the- table payments were made to top runners, although it was considered an open secret.
You were not a ''natural athlete,'' they said, and you were always one of the last ones chosen for every team.
When the first one landed in 1920, according to the local newspaper, one resident started singing: ''There is a land far away,'' thinking that it was the arrival of Jesus; another started shooting at it.
shifted to NASA astronaut corps in 1969, where he worked at earthbound assignments and training and waited through the Apollo and Skylab projects without getting into orbit .
Although Mrs. Wei's recollections are rendered in prose that is at best competent and unobtrusive, she and her collaborator, Terry Quinn, have assembled a brisk narrative, animated by pungent character sketches.
The publisher offers a $10,000 prize to the reader who submits the best answer.
''When we have a few Cubans around, it creates an uproar all over the world.''
Political professionals toss about terms like marginals , internals and margin of error .
The officials, who asked not to be identified, said the investigation involves unusual activity in the trading of G. D. Searle & Company stock options before a mid-January series on the ''CBS Evening News'' raised questions about the safety of Nutrasweet, the company's low-calorie artificial sweetener.
Unlike the automobile accident that can be dismissed as unlikely to strike home, this kind of catastrophe somehow seems all too likely in a world that is ever more industrialized.
A number of factors are fueling this increased activity, according to industry experts.
The report of changes follows: NEW YORK EXCHANGE AMCA INTERNATIONAL LTD. -Ross E. Chamberlain, senior group vice president, sold 20,000 shares leaving him directly with a balance of 36,400 shares and Frank H. Roland, senior group vice president, bought and exercised options of 10,000 shares giving him 10,000 shares.
John H. Lichtblau, president of the Petroleum Industry Research Foundation and a long-time analyst of OPEC, said in a telephone interview from New York that what the group has done so far ''is quite unimpressive; there has been a lot of rhetoric.''
''They also estimated increased costs of between $150 million to $200 million.''
He was 92 years old.
Share earnings reflect a 10 percent stock dividend paid July 9.
The Price of Fame According to Charles Hamilton, the autograph dealer, there is a spillover effect from Mayor Koch's new role as author of a best-selling book.
Mr. Cugini will simply connect his computer with his teacher's by telephone, and all questions, answers, tests and papers will be electronically transmitted.
Meyerbeer ruefully reproached Veron for counting more upon ''grand spectacle'' than music.
There is inspired poetic justice inherent in this punishment, but I would like to tell the judge of some of the potential dangers of Depo-Provera, small but significant: potentially fatal clots in the lungs and allergic reactions including anaphylaxis (shock) in addition to various adverse gastrointestinal and psychiatric effects.
His team had lost for the fifth time in its last six games.
''That's not how we generate publicity.
This is, in my opinion, a fact, unrelated to prejudice or any conscientious thinking by administrators or controllers of the game.
He has recently befriended a real live vampire, a boy of about his own age called Rudolph.
Democrats have held the governorship for 20 years, 12 under Calvin L. Rampton and eight under Mr. Matheson.
Thanks for spelling my name correctly.
The Mark Rothko Foundation announced it was giving most of its collection of about 1,000 works by the leading artist to 19 museums in the United States and abroad.
Herbert von Karajan will boycott a June 11 Salzburg appearance with the Berlin Philharmonic in the latest round of a dispute with the orchestra over a 24- year-old clarinetist, according to an orchestra spokesman.
The appeals court said Mr.
The police said that no suicide note was found near the body and that the cause of death was under investigation, Telephone calls to officials at the consulate were unavailing.
Mr. Matthews is said to have believed that the agent represented companies seeking to do business with the city.
An intelligent and powerful story of family, childhood and memory set in the Middle West just before World War II.
Mr. Enrile was reacting to a proposal by Representative Stephen J. Solarz, Democrat of Brooklyn, that the United States increase economic aid to the Philippines at the expense of military aid.
The charge is 50 cents a call for everyone.
League rules prohibit exposed hands, so that players will not have an advantage in stick-handling or grabbing opposing players.
The Dow Jones industrial average ended the day up 5.85 points, at 1,132.40, after having been ahead by about 10 points until the final hour of the session.
A White House guard shot and wounded a man on the sidewalk outside the White House grounds after the man drew a loaded shotgun, a United States Park Police spokesman said.
Elected to Parliament in 1968 In 1968, when he was still unknown to most Italians, he was elected to Parliament.
''Our first group was atrocious,'' Brown added.
Mrs. Roosevelt died in New York City in 1962 at the age of 78.
Patronage at Hearst Castle fell by 30 percent, even though it was still possible to reach it from the south.
It was not until 1960, when his older brother died, that Pakenham became the Earl of Longford, his wife became a Countess and his daughters, Ladies.
''We have sick children, but I don't think there's enough sick children'' to warrant a special care unit, Mrs. Morris recalled replying.
One rule of thumb is to use about one inch of the bean, partly split in half, in place of one teaspoon of the extract.
And when she does, the Rumanian gymnast, who won two gold medals at the 1976 Olympics, will bow out in style.
I say, 'No, I'm not leaving, this is my house.'
The ad then states that Tiffany & Company, in a jewelers' coup, bought Empress Eugenie's diamond jewels given her by Napoleon III.
In this case, it was compounded by the inexperience of the supervisor directly overseeing the case.''
The shop also sells D & G bread and a small selection of imported specialties, among them Amastra olive oil, the dark green, highly perfumed oil from Tuscany, at $2.99 for a 17-ounce bottle.
It's too easy a victory for the author: we feel that he has not struggled enough with himself before arriving at his conclusions.
JOSEPH M. DOWLING Old Greenwich, Conn., Nov. 2, 1984
But 1984 futures prices in 1984 will depend more on whether the major growers in California and Arizona will agree to cut back their output.
M.D.C. Corp., $60 million of subordinated exchangeable variable notes.
Mr. Glenn has stressed that the "sensible center" must rise to stop a Mondale candidacy pushed by organized labor and party activists.
The largest of a species caught on any of those line strengths is the all-tackle record.
A major negative development, the agency said, is Manufacturers Hanover's exposure to loans in Brazil, Mexico and Argentina.
News Analysis WASHINGTON, Jan. 26 - One industry after the other - producing everything from steel ingots, refined copper and leather footwear to stainless knives, forks and spoons - has suddenly come to the Government asking it to employ a powerful but relatively little-used instrument of protection from imports.
A third discrimination complaint, also involving the city and the state, is pending against Magazari Realty of 1952 Williamsbridge Road in the Bronx.
Poetry Begets Poetry Unable to attend the publication party for Governor Cuomo's book because she was busy at the time, City Council President Carol Bellamy sent her regrets, and decided to do it in rhyme.
b-Including a special gain of $5,030,925.
People Express Airlines said it would begin daily nonstop flights between Newark and Cleveland on Oct. 18.
Mr. DeLorean's lawyer, Howard L. Weitzman, began cross-examination of Mr. Hoffman today after five days of examination by the Government.
Somehow, it does not seem to make sense to buy a $1,500-plus peripheral for a $200 computer.
An 80- foot waterfall cascades to a pool at the lower terrace level, where there is a small cafe.
One is entitled ''The Wine Roads of Europe.''
She complained that the commissioner was unable to appoint many of his or her top people because of Civil Service regulations.
Relatives of the couple mentioned Mr. McDougald as a possible suspect, Police Director Hubert Williams said, and he turned himself in when he heard the police were looking for him.
''I thought I had trained this horse as well as any I've ever trained, but I might have been wrong,'' he was saying now.
''We try to buy what we can sell in six to eight weeks,'' said Francis J. Howell, vice president of book products.
In his first six volumes, he seemed only a little less gloomy than Spengler, for in them Western civilization seemed on its way to the same doom suffered by all the others.
In what they called a significant shift in Pentagon thinking, the Defense Department, they said, has adopted the political policy of being prepared to use combat troops if leftist forces cannot be defeated any other way.
Corporate visibility in yachting is not unheard of.
''Something had to be done to give them longer life.''
Especially in Europe, where opera houses are found in every middle- sized city and government-supported companies have a constant duty to re- acquaint the populace with its cultural past, directors must constantly dream up new ways to reinterpret the standard repertory.
In this way they are helping to create a far more vital, more independent theatrical form, one that understands the unique rewards of the live theater.
''All the amenities become unimportant,'' said Sylvia Span ofPaterson, N.J. ''Even when we didn't have sheets, we didn't care.''
He is one of India's living military heroes and a pride of the country's 14 million Sikhs.
A Western diplomat suggested that Mr. Gandhi, not unlike other Indians of his generation, has finally shed a reflexive anti-Americanism drawn from the British left and upper class during the last years of empire and the early years of independence and fostered by the Soviet Union since, and now feels more at home with American thinking and culture.
Said to Look Backward The report issued today says the officials still ''seemed to be concerned with the threats characteristic of the late 70's, namely: mob violence against an embassy.''
About 83 percent of Israel is Jewish and 17 percent Arab, according to the latest figures, which do not include Arabs living under Israeli rule in the West Bank and Gaza Strip.
When the United States coach, then known as Pat Head, played for the 1976 Olympic team that lost its opening game at that hour, she learned a lesson.
''They killed our Prime Minister,'' one said.
PEOPLE who work their way through ''Artists Design Furniture,'' a book just out from Harry N. Abrams Inc. at $29.95, are likely to end up with some general ideas about furniture and contemporaneity.
In particular, critics have accused the Justice Department of undermining progress on civil rights and threatening civil liberties.
A merger would also pose the risk of losing some major clients in the combination.
Much of the war has been fought in southern Angola and has recently brought South African forces into combat with Angolan Government troops and their Cuban allies.
In the United States denial, John Hughes, the State Department spokesman, said David Kimche, director general of Israel's Foreign Ministry, would be here next week to discuss ''a wide range of issues.''
But on this cardinal economic issue of the campaign, the voters cannot complain that they have not been given a choice.
manipulation, purported censorship, Western callousness to the Soviet sacrifices in World War II and the unhappiness of defectors.
There were more restrictions last September after a South Korean airliner was shot down in Soviet airspace.
Mrs. Doherty and some of the other 7,000 delegates to the convention asserted that the association should make the report less equivocal in its rejection of the career-ladder concept and of the peer reviews that have been proposed in some places to decide who moves up the ladder.
It is also one that needs to be spiced with more variety to sustain a full program, as demonstrated at Friday night's concert by the Wendy Osserman Dance Company at St. Mark's Church.
But the use of state employees, who continually have direct contact with the people, considering voter registration as another additional service they could offer, would have been a tremendous boost.''
It is just that 15 seconds is the most popular length.
The AM General Corporation, a maker of specialty government vehicles that is owned by the LTV Corporation, received a $178.5 million contract from the Army for utility trucks, the Defense Department said.
Four men received prison terms and five others were put on probation at the conclusion of a trial of purported neo-Nazis that began last October.
''When they reach 80, I have to let them go,'' she said.
All four school systems that adopted the Paideia plan are temporarily using modified versions.
It may be like ''volunteering'' in the army.
No one appears to know its exact size, although the newly formed National Federation of Afro-Brazilians reports it includes 120 groups.
As a stu dent I was one of Abbo Martin's ''assistants'' in the development of Abbo's Alley (now known as the Abbot Cotten Martin Ravine Gardens).
The female egg contains only the X chromosome, but the sperm may contain either X or Y.
Such a referendum was to have been held last year, but no progress has been made since September.
I am a regular swimmer at Orchard Beach, advantageous for long- distance swimming because it is two miles long.
He speaks out against ''putting away childish things like making sand castles, feeding real turtles,'' referring to the artificial turtles featured in Mr. Papert's computer program, called LOGO.
The prospective bride, an associate with the New York law firm of Willkie Farr & Gallagher, graduated from the Roland Park Country School, Johns Hopkins University and the University of Maryland School of Law.
Mr. Rubenstein, an intense but even-spoken man of 52, started his business by representing the Menorah Home and Hospital for the Aged in the Bushwick section of Brooklyn shortly after dropping out of Harvard Law School, having decided he did not like the legal profession.
It is a time when the Frank Robinsons from Cincinnati and Baltimore, the Roberto Clementes from Pittsburgh, the Al Kalines from Detroit suddenly intrude themselves on the coastal consciousness.
Richard B. Wirthlin, the Reagan campaign polltaker, puts it in terms of a ''social contract'' between the President and the public - ''the giving of a stewardship to a President based upon trust, confidence and congruence with a system of beliefs, rather than a congruence with a set of articulated policies.''
They planned further actions when Cardinal Glemp returns in early March from a trip to Latin America.
On a recent visit, in the ''clothing room,'' a straitjacket - its long, white straps undone - lay atop a bundle of green garbage bags.
It has taken Danny Noble just a year and a half to do the same thing with his clean-cut classics that always have a twist, whether it be a fresh color, a special fabric or an unexpected detail.
Thus the only place where the old-line futures brokers need not fear the powerful new competition is in the traditional farm and industrial commodities market because banks and most other financial institutions have been restricted to dealing in financial and gold futures and options.
The heavy short-term borrowing has stemmed from the surge in corporate acquisitions, leveraged buyouts and overall capital spending.
''They may be cyclical, but they certainly don't shut down.''
At the same time, he said, the commission ''expressed regret that more wasn't done in the past year so that the U.S. could have stayed in.''
The copious amounts of hepatitis B virus made it easier for the delta virus to form its essential linkups.
HOUSTON (NL) - Placed Dickie Thon, shortstop, on the 15-day disabled list.
We were fortunate to tie that last game in L.A.
Along with homosexual students, the District of Columbia government and 14 members of the Georgetown University law faculty are seeking reversal of her decision.
Mr. Russell also said that in retrospect, he should not have been the dinner guest of the industry representatives.
So Hal (Prince) felt we could give her a place to sing.
They are often the object of almost fetishistic attention.
Regular shows involve a broad range of topics, including religion, sports, real estate and a segment by District Attorney Carl A. Vergari.
Working Group of Experts on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights - 3 P.M. ECONOMIC AND SOCIAL COUNCIL Social Committee - 10:30 A.M. and 3 P.M. SECURITY COUNCIL Meets on Cyprus at 11 A.M. GENERAL ASSEMBLY
Another $2 million has been provided by the United Nations Development Program for equipment and technical assistance, in turn supplied by a handful of foreign advisers from the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization.
There was confusion today over the number of dead and wounded in the suicide car- bomb attack against the United States Embassy on Thursday, with Lebanese and American officials offering widely varying figures.
She ranked the society, with its new wealth and size, as among the second echelon in the state after the Connecticut State Historical Society in Hartford and the New Haven and Wethersfield societies.
''No one can govern on a narrow ideological base.
Common Stock * Heilig-Meyers Co., a Richmond- based home furnishings concern, said it withdrew a registration statement it filed with the S.E.C.
Opposing Contentions Predictably, the Transit Authority argues that the buses are unsafe, and the makers of the buses, the Grumman Corporation of Bethpage, L.I., argues that they are not.
''Did I contemplate that we would have so much money in escrow funds?''
''Cranston's got the right idea,'' she said, ''but he looks like he's going to die.''
Most of the refugees stop at the first point west, San Salvador.
Rebecca A. Ellingwood of the University of New Hampshire said the training ''was one of the few fields where women haven't yet broken the barriers.''
Ross scored three plays after his long run down the middle and Matt Pineault, who later kicked field goals of 42 and 32 yards, added the extra point for a 7-0 lead.
Mary Ann Kellogg and Kevin O'Day execute a smart tango to ''Strangers in the Night,'' followed by Sara Rudner and John Carrafa in sexy tumbling and grappling to ''One for My Baby.''
''If you don't do it in your 30's, you may never get the chance.''
He holds a doctorate in philosophy from Catholic University.
The House bill would also provide strong new privacy protections for cable television subscribers.
Under optimistic assumptions, we see possible average annual growth rates for middle-income countries exceeding 6 percent.
The peasants sometimes ate and slept in common barracks, each man and each woman dressed almost alike.
Mr. Mondale has said that he would agree to a six- month moratorium on the testing of antisatellite weapons to test the Soviet Union's intentions.
''I'm a champion of New York anything,'' Mr. Benepe said.
''Yesterday's comments by the league were gratuitous,'' he said.
While the Reagan Administration has condemned the segregation policies in South Africa, it has argued that the most constructive way of changing them was not by sanctions but through diplomatic measures.
Mr. Boff said he would call a hospital.
It was Frucher's considered opinion that such end runs to the Legislature not only subvert the collective bargaining process but also throw into question the unions' commitment to the arbitration process as a means of resolving disputes.
The rest of the economy could continue on a more or less unregulated basis.
Sales Up Sharply Indeed, sales of these premium frozen meals - a category that includes both dinners and entrees - have exploded in the last year, spurring sizable jumps in the sale of traditional frozen meals as well.
Although St. Michael's is the largest church to be constructed so far under the revolutionary regime, in the last decade 15 other churches have been built, more than at any other time in Ethiopian history, some clerics said.
The company's board - of which Mr. Jacobson is a member - elected him to the post at a meeting in Orlando, Fla.
b-Includes a gain of $876,000, or 11 cents a share, from the sale of investments.
Also defying predictions, being in a highly cyclical manufacturing region has been beneficial because the nation is in the healthy part of the cycle.
Eventually, only $5 million was appropriated.
''Those early estimates were not based on a detailed inventory of the properties, just on a very general inventory,'' he said.
My wife, who is Japanese, had doubted that her compatriots, well traveled though they may be, had made it to Cozumel.
Jon Olmstead is the artistic director and Helen Frost Way is coordinating the art show, a Darien highlight that predates the council's existence by 17 years.
In Westchester, call 1 (914) 428-0953; in Nassau County, 1 (516) 535-5814; in Suffolk County, 1 (516) 348-5385; and in northern New Jersey, 1 (201) 646-2629.
Four are offered with or without chicken, sausage or lobster.
He said he was assured that the defoliants would not be used.
A clandestine trans-Atlantic romance survives the stresses of World War II.
Any program of reactivation must address these key factors.
About 240,000 metalworkers in the 2.6 million-member union voted.
The sensation when a jumper comes off the board is ''scary and not a fun feeling,'' the coach adds, and most jumpers hesitate at the chilling moment of takeoff.
''The origins of all this are the legitimate concerns of the American people, the American Congress and everybody else as to whether or not our military trainers are down here fighting in a war,'' said Mr. Hamilton.
recommendation, the strong antiprotection position taken by the sub-Cabinet group makes it appear less likely that the President will choose trade barriers.
There have been books about the Stalin horrors that are artistically superior - Mr. Scammell cites the example of Varlam Shalamov's ''Kolyma Tales,'' of which Solzhenitsyn himself once said, ''You can't get a razor blade between his words.''
In one of the buildings it is constructing a 15,000-square-foot kitchen and cafeteria, big enough to accommodate 1,200 people.
If one of the soldiers or lovers had died during the course of the movie, it hardly mattered.
Mr. Hart has now won in all five caucuses conducted so far in Western states: Utah, Wyoming, Nevada, Washington and Arizona.
The rice of nonirrigated areas, both upland and lowland, is commonly known as rain-fed rice.
Previously, such a list had to appear only once a year.
However, Miss Bruser's straightforward approach suited a selection of 12 Schubert dances to perfection; she allowed these wonderful miniatures both their sturdiness and their sentiment, italicizing their rhythms with a strong left hand.
He had 70 today after 69, 70 and 71.
Many foreigners who sold stocks here also expect the dollar to weaken.
It will be leased by the General Re Corporation, a large reinsurance concern.
''Suddenly it was simple,'' Fine says.
The second-round draft pick from Northwestern prepared to undergo knee surgery yesterday.
Since the Convention Center, being built by the Convention Center Development Corporation, a subsidiary of the State Urban Development Corporation, will take away much of the Coliseum's business, Mr. Lipper said, a deal was in the interest of both the city and the Triborough Bridge and Tunnel Authority, a state agency that owns the Coliseum.
In the 1970's, for example, some 60,000 Pakistanis were thought to be working in Greece.
He said extra funds will be returned.
I'm looking for their personality.''
But he nonetheless advised his fellow artists ''to be on the safe side'' and to ''submit themselves to a .
The botanist believes that the latest list of endangered and threatened plants is indicative of a trend in biological impoverishment because it documents a loss of diversity.
His father is president of the L. J. Levitan Corporation, a New York photographic sales concern.
The company's service ranks jumped by 73,000 workers in January, when people were transferred from the Bell companies.
When you get through your finger tips feel like someone has been pounding on them with a hammer.''
Mrs. Sommers, a 45-year-old secretary from College Park, Md., won the jackpot when Roenicke, the Oriole outfielder, hit a grand slam in Sunday's game in Baltimore.
Have we got a stadium?''
Others say they see Nicaragua preparing to give powerful, direct support to rebels in El Salvador and, eventually, to attack Honduras.
Some cases, like that of Adam Walsh, end tragically.
Israel said today that it welcomed the resumption of diplomatic relations between Jordan and Egypt as a potential contribution to peace in the Middle East.
''It can be dangerous to put on a whole program of piano music by one composer,'' she said, ''but these pieces are so different one from the next, and Gary Steigerwalt plays them so superlatively, that I think it will hold together well.''
Transamerica, which has interests in insurance, travel and manufacturing, and its units said they had purchased 65,000 shares on July 26.
''You should give your spouse enough money but no more than is necessary, and put the rest in an exemption equivalent trust,'' Miss Fleischer said, to lessen the tax burden on the spouse's estate.
''It has been an incredible learning experience,'' Mrs. Zuckerman said.
b-Including tax credits of $205,800 for the quarter and $385,500 for the 6 months.
Gabardine dresses had belts at the hips or closed at the side.
At the news conference late today, Mr. Mondale was asked about the statements Monday by the United States Commission on Civil Rights, which criticized him for saying he would dismiss the commissioners appointed by Mr. Reagan.
''The growing burden of Federal oversight did little but put cities in handcuffs,'' he said.
Those concerned about accountability don't always appreciate the security needs.
11 123 THE BRAIN, by Richard M. Restak.
Another officer, Ridgeway Bailey, ran in and scuffled with the wounded man.
While the destruction was occurring, at least nine separate housing plans proposed by the city in the late 1960's and early 1970's were stalled for one reason or another for several years.
There's no McDonald's or Carvel on the island, nor any other franchise or chain store, but you can get a first-rate baconburger or sausage dog at the 3/4 Time Dance Hall and Saloon, and shoot some pool while you wait.
Otherwise, there is a $6.50 charge.
I just can't run any more, or slide.
And Steinkuhler's agent, Jack Mills, said that the Oilers ''have a great interest in drafting and signing'' him.
Instead, the 22-year-old Miss Case, whose 146 triumphs make her the leading female driver in the country this year, has been adding to her victory total at Yonkers Raceway.
Ninety percent of all retirement communities have fewer than 500 residents.
But, in effect, it was a portrait of people being sociable.
THE ABANDONMENT OF THE JEWS.
Jesse Jackson complains that he's winning 17 percent of the Democratic vote but under rules that award him only 9 percent of the delegates.
However, the commission chairman, Nunzio J. Palladino, delayed the effective date of the order for two weeks, handing opponents of the $5.1 billion plant, delayed for a decade because of earthquake fears and design problems, an opportunity for a court challenge to the commission's approval of a full-power license.
In spite of the opposition, though, most women said they would do it again because it was such a rewarding experience for both mother and child.''
''Our chiefs came to our homes and told us that we should reconcentrate immediately in our respective military units,'' one policeman said.
Today's Columns Enforcement of antitrust rules by the Common Market has intensified.
The blight that has destroyed them was first detected in the Bronx Park system in 1904.
The grants, totaling $5,520,000 and averaging $19,500, are intended to provide one year's free time, although each recipient may spend the money any way he chooses, according to Gordon N. Ray, the foundation's president.
''Local government won't be able to resist the pressure from developers,'' Mrs. Gardiner said.
In trading on the American Stock Exchange yesterday, Dorchester rose $1.125, to $20.625, while Damson edged up 12.5 cents, to $7.875.
Agent's Home Searched On another occasion last month, it says, Mr. Miller was under surveillance when he left the bureau office with a briefcase and went to meet the Soviet woman.
New Delhi's Stepchild Set apart by their prosperity, their religion, their distinctive dress and what they perceive as their status as New Delhi's stepchild, many Sikhs responded enthusiastically to the agitation when it began in 1982.
Or Jesse Orosco, who won 10 games and saved 31.
* Health Extension Services Inc. , Syosset, L.I., which provides home health care personnel, said it had signed a letter of intent to acquire for $3.5 million Philadelphia-based American Medical Temporary's Inc., and affiliates, which provide institutional staffing and home health care personnel.
Last year 12,755 combines were sold.
In order to handle the surge in business, most of the major brokerage firms expanded quickly when the bull market began.
He played in four championship series and three World Series for the Cincinnati Reds in the 1970's, providing pure power after the Roses and Morgans had softened up the opponent.
Last Thursday offered an example of this phenomenon within the space of a single session.
When Israel's former Chief Rabbi, Ovadia Yossef, who is widely regarded as one of the great Jewish scholars of the 20th century, came for a tour of the project, he could not resist asking, with just a hint of condescension, ''Ahh, but is it fast?''
Cook, stirring, until the onions are wilted.
Last Monday, for example, it was their ability to efficiently handle the bulk of the trades for Morgan Stanley and other Marsh & McLennan brokers before the eyes of all their competitors without causing prices to be swayed one way or the other.
A continuing downpour flooded roads, caused power failures and forced scores of families out of their homes in the New York metropolitan area yesterday.
(AP) - Billy Knight scored 30 points to lead Kansas City.
In a related matter, Defense Department officials said that planning for a large exercise known as Big Pine III, which would be like the large joint exercises of the last two years, was continuing here and in the headquarters of the United States Southern Command in Panama.
His story is rooted deep in the great political and economic issues of 19th-century American life.
''In the last fiscal year we paid out roughly $90 million in tort cases,'' said Mr. Glen.
But after Don Buse was fouled and hit one of two shots for Kansas City, the final sequence unfurled with the Nets' broken play.
When it comes time to harvest predators, all the lights go off except those in a connected light trap.
Jose Santos Amaya Silva, 22 years old, who said he was an impoverished farm laborer from the contested town of Jucuapa, was brought to La Esperanza on Jan. 20.
The next most popular destination is Hong Kong, followed by Indonesia and Thailand.
During my visit backstage with other New York City Council members at the annual Inner Circle performance, I expressed my dismay at the ''Brenda and the Judge'' song, noting that it was factually distorted with the sexist implication that Brenda Berkman was inadequate as a firefighter but that the judge in her court case favored her because of her sex.
I said, 'Get it down to two pages.'
But more important than the individual setback was the showing made by Richard and his teammates from the Ridgeway School in White Plains at the match last Saturday in Syracuse.
Cincinnati returned from a 4-0 deficit with four runs in the fifth.
Other Administration officials said the interagency debate over policy had just begun.
Mr. Gonzalez, a Socialist, did not say how large an American reduction he wanted and over what time period.
''I just gave it my best shot,'' Mr. Ratchford told his subdued supporters in Danbury.
Single Most Frustrating Thing' ''You can never say it's done - ever,'' he said.
Glen W. Fortinberry, chairman and chief executive of Ross Roy, said the acquisition reflected the agency's strategic intent.
Mr. Jeker, who has a reputation for tight cost control, steered Credit Suisse back to profitability and growth in recent years.
Tickets are $5 ($3 for students with I.D.
The area junior and middle schools cited were: New York: Robert Cushman, Stony Brook, L.I.
Advancing stocks edged out decliners 791 to 717.
The Nassau County District Attorney, Denis Dillon, said today that he would investigate whether the lives of four teen-agers were unnecessarily endangered when they stumbled onto an F.B.I.-police stakeout outside the Soviet diplomatic estate in Glen Cove.
Don Mattingly, Baylor, and Winfield delivered the blows then.
''Then, I decided to wait for the bus and race it home.
The solutions fly - more discipline, more homework, more science and math, etc., etc.
He noted that a perceived oversupply in the lighter grades of crude had led to recent price discounting of about 50 cents a barrel by Abu Dhabi.
''Moscow on the Hudson,'' which opens today at Loews Astor Plaza and other theaters, isn't ill conceived.
In Argentina, some former torturers have gone to the Sabato commission seeking absolution.
And one of the assignments Mr. B"oll was given in school was to ''condense'' a few pages of ''Mein Kampf'' into a more concise style.
He was clearly a first-generation literate.
The Seattle Mariners have a couple of new outfielders, Gorman Thomas and Barry Bonnell, and a catcher, Bob Kearney, whom they acquired in the Caudill giveaway.
Over the defense attorney's objections, Mr. Rotunda testified that he believed Mr. Douglas violated the code in failing to disclose $32,500 in income from Mr. Copple.
Senators Metzenbaum and Nickles said today that they had agreed to explore ways to protect employees from losing benefits when their employer disbanded a pension plan and created a new one, siphoning off a surplus.
He also said Hawk Mountain was ''striving to bring a traditional New England look to the area - we see it as an opportunity to create something that will really take advantage of the natural surroundings.''
Mr. Zhang arrived in the United States with six other officials of the Textile Ministry on Dec. 5, Officer McConville said.
Stockholders will vote on the proposal next week.
When bluefish - particularly the smaller ones - are along the outer beach of the Vineyard, they are usually also in the pond.
Mr. Corry, claiming support from the ''new research,'' moves from there to the contention that ''antisocial or violent behavior is .
''It is unusual but it has occurred before,'' Captain Meyer said.
''Consumer spending has been very strong, and manufacturers have to gear up to meet demand.''
They said this would amount to ''unilatral disarmament'' by the United States ''in the face of Soviet violations'' and ''can only be described as U.S. appeasement of the Soviets.''
's 4300 series of mainframe computers.
Simon's client was his mother, Joan Crowell, a composer and writer who wanted a studio where she could work and where guests could spend an occasional weekend.
The Brooklyn Law School announced yesterday that it had bought the Republic National Bank building at Boerum Place and Fulton Street to expand its campus by about 50 percent.
''Roger Mudd is a reporter, not a talk-show host,'' it said.
Mr. Sullivan replaced William Haas as acting president of the college in October 1983.
The play is a long night's journey back to square one.
Shortly after the disturbance began, paramilitary forces entered the temple complex from all sides.
''The Mets are for real,'' said Tommy Lasorda, manager of the Los Angeles Dodgers.
But Giorgio Chinaglia, the team president, and Coach Eddie Firmani believe that these two newcomers, along with Rick Davis, will raise the quality of the Cosmos' play, starting with the game tonight against the Minnesota Strikers at Giants Stadium in East Rutherford, N.J. Firmani, who praised Davis even more than Zmuda and Damiani, lamented that Davis may not be with the team when the playoffs start.
The Spanish Government says that since the death of Generalissimo Francisco Franco in 1975, terrorists of the Basque group known as E.T.A.
Leading players - Matt Robinson, QB, former Jet and Denver Bronco; Don Latimer, DT, from Broncos; Don Bessillieu, S, from Miami Dolphins; Paul Bergmann, rookie TE.
In my pocket is a torn- out ad from Lord & Taylor, seducing me with ''a shirt of red, royal or white silk and pleated linen trousers in white, oatmeal or black.''
Corsica, which has been part of France - except for a brief interval - since the Genoans ceded it to France in 1768, is a department of metropolitan France.
Indeed, Reich's conduct borders on contempt.''
''We've been out in the streets and it looks good for Mondale, even with our so-called 'yuppies.'
He has been timed at 4.36 seconds in the 40-yard dash, which is the kind of speed a receiver needs if he is being covered by Jerry Gray, the Texas free safety, who is considered one of the best defensive backs in the country.
On the one occasion when he was persuaded to meet with a Jewish delegation to discuss the Holocaust, he ''immediately launched into a semihumorous story about his plans for postwar Germany'' and spent some 80 percent of the time talking rather than listening.
He said he came here through South Africa.
Sales were up 4.2 percent in the fourth quarter, rising to $825 million from $792 million a year earlier.
Larry W. White, the owner of a construction company in Falkner, Miss., also excuses the President, but blames Mr. Reagan's own advisers.
For Valenzuela, it was his career high in strikeouts and it also was the best in the majors this season.
Essentially opening a campaign for a national referendum scheduled for a year from now on NATO membership, he said withdrawal would threaten both Spain's security and credibility.
In recent years, however, this relative isolation has changed, they say.
Some, like Mr. Cartagena, survived.
The bitter consequence of this wretched affair is that it drowns out a necessary debate over what can legitimately be demanded of the hostile Sandinistas.
It may be that there isn't yet one available from the groups previously barred by old taboos from preparing for the contest.
There has been an average of one military coup every nine months, and each new president brings in a new economic team with new policies.
In 1943 and 1944, Mr. Pleissner, still in the service but on inactive duty, accepted an assignment from Life magazine, technically as a war correspondent, to paint the battlefields of France, Belgium and Germany.
It was the first air attack on shipping in the southern waters of the gulf since such attacks began two months ago in the Iraq-Iran war.
It is here that The China Daily is sold.
The Crow Indian tribe has made a feasibility study of building a synthetic fuel manufacturing plant on its Montana reservation.
Mr. Finney as Sir, the Shakespearean actor touring the provinces, and Mr. Courtenay, as the fussy, hysterical dresser who manages to get Sir on stage each night, were nominated for ''The Dresser.''
He made no reference to his advocacy of governmentally sponsored organized prayer in school, which is opposed by many Jewish groups.
She took a leave of absence in 1939-1940 to help the Virginia Department of Public Welfare organize its social security system.
Mrs. Peitz also said the oil market continued to be inundated with rising output from several members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries, notably Nigeria and Venezuela.
John Candelaria, the Pittsburgh Pirate pitcher, is ''taking hard'' the near-drowning of his 18-month-old son, who is now in a coma at a hospital in Tampa, Fla.
The director Francis Ford Coppola and the producer Robert Evans were ordered by a Federal judge today to share control of ''The Cotton Club,'' ending a monthlong court battle over the film.
When contraceptive use increases but pregnancies continue to climb, researchers explain that teens are using the wrong contraceptives.
Toothpaste is being marketed in a tube with a pump-dispenser.
Fourth Consecutive Decline Yesterday's average Federal funds rate was estimated at 9.15 percent, for the fourth consecutive decline from the recent peak of 10.9 percent on April 4.
But consider the locations of these conversations and of a few of the Broadway spots within hailing distance of them: the Friars Club on 55th Street, where preparations are moving ahead for next month's gala roast of Dean Martin and the Carnegie, Gaiety and Stage Delicatessens, where Jewish deli reigns supreme.
It was now clear that West held nothing but red cards, and she was eventually given the lead in diamonds to play another heart.
Smugglers Have Doubled Neil L. Lageman, director of tactical enforcement in the Customs Service, estimated that the number of maritime smugglers has doubled in the last five years.
Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher condemned the Sikh separatist movement today and said her Government had wanted to prosecute its leader in Britain.
Underlying the problem of the undeveloped bureau is the broadcaster's fear that ''balkanizing'' the news will splinter his audience.
The director's language in private was not much more excessive than the sort that has been appearing in print.
Mr. Johnson, who served as Mr. Mondale's executive assistant in the White House, is in some ways a mirror image of the candidate: reserved and orderly, a normally shrewd tactician and organizer, who has been criticized for the Lance misstep and for organizing a campaign that badly underestimated Gary Hart's Presidential drive and Walter Mondale's vulnerabilities.
''The strategy of our party now is to attack the towns,'' Mr. Savimbi said at the news conference.
Years of Persuasion Indianapolis, meanwhile, had decided in 1980 that it needed an adjunct to its convention center.
The plan is to be re-evaluated every six months, and additional information, on such factors as noise impact, air service, market development and airport facility needs, will then be taken into consideration.
The Schultzes, like a lot of U.A.W.
Would he promise not to increase tuition or room rent at the State University, asked Hope Geisler, legislator director of its Students Association?
''They say they don't need to be here,'' she said.
her childhood in ''Bronx Primitive'' provides a disintoxicating antidote.
Fewer Flights to Florida Customs Service figures showed that, until this year, about two-thirds of the private aircraft smuggling cocaine and marijuana from South and Central America had flown to Florida.
With his suits and ties and his mastery of both European and Afro-American repertories, Mr. Marsalis makes clear that young jazz musicians are professionals, not wild-eyed egomaniacs.
Dr. Joan M. Raymond told the Board of Education today that she would remain as Superintendent of the 20,000-student Yonkers school system because she had failed to get a superintendent's job in Florida.
Mr. Mondale was hired at the suggestion of Irving B. Harris, a Mondale contributor who is the principal benefactor of Family Focus.
I believe the Arabs are sincerely interested in peace in the Middle East.
Controversy Over 'Outsourcing' In addition to the union's longstanding goals of higher pay, better benefits and a shorter workweek, Mr. Bieber put particular emphasis on what may be one of the thorniest issues on the table this year, the shifting of production of small cars and components to foreign plants.
His voice, only a moment ago light and high, has become low and serious.
Critics who complain that the Reagan Administration is overly sensitive to industry pressure got a fresh batch of ammunition last week.
''I agreed with the findings then.
Most of the campaign strategists here for the first primary of the 1984 campaign on Tuesday agree that a landslide victory by former Vice President Walter F. Mondale, on the heels of his success in the Iowa caucuses on Monday, would position him to nail down the nomination in short order.
Some Regents, however, complained that this was just one more way that the Governor was pressuring them.
Most Pentagon weapons are bought from a single supplier who, once the contract has been let, faces no competition.
In Paris, Defense Minister Charles Hernu was quoted as saying that his Government was prepared to help in any mine-sweeping operation, and Egyptian officials said talks were under way with both France and Britain.
''About 25 percent of all households added since 1980 were families maintained by women,'' the report said.
''They gave a dinner for me,'' Carthon said.
Morgan J. Frankel, representing the Senate, said the position of Mr. Reagan that the pocket veto was proper whenever Congress recessed for more than three days ''would work a vast enlargement of what was intended to be a very limited power.''
If the Saints go well, then what will people say?
The correct answer lies somewhere in between.''
Britain's first 16 cruise missiles became operational, four years after NATO pledged to deploy the nuclear weapons to counter the growing number of Soviet SS-20 rockets.
''The mind then adds a great deal more that is distinctly human.
Jury selection was completed here today in the first-degree murder trial of a teen-ager accused of killing two local bankers last fall.
The sources said the aid would include technological and agricultural projects in Central America and Africa, adding that ''this is nothing new.''
(8-3, 5-3) that included a 1-yard touchdown run by Toney Jeffery and a 9-yard touchdown pass from Antony Sciaraffa to Kenneth Davis before claiming their victory.
''We have a policy of promoting Barbados as a center for offshore business activity and the medical school is an offshore activity that comes highly recommended.
Wasn't she frightened, then, working 85 feet above the water on a swaying footline?
The Emirates' oil minister, Sheik Mani Said al-Otaiba, was asked if his country would refuse to go along with a proposal to monitor the output of OPEC countries, if he was not satisfied with a solution to the differential problem.
Stevens made the second mistake, and Carpenter made the third mistake.''
At the same time, the Indiana lawmaker squabbled continually with Edith Green, a fellow liberal Democrat from Oregon.
Marcus Horwitz, the Rockefeller University, $98,339, interaction of pneumocystis carinii and human phagocytes.
* Edward G. Weiner appointed senior vice president, media director of Avrett, Free & Ginsburg.
During last fall's trip to Washington, Arens was dissatisfied with the outcome of one issue - American military aid in the 1985 fiscal year.
'One day they said we should look out for dogs with TNT strapped to their bellies.
Authorities said Mr. Mascato, who could get around only with a walker or a wheelchair, was nearly decapitated.
''Those who use (any social service) should play a major role in controlling and running it,'' they write.
She writes, ''They knew a soup can when they saw it and they felt more comfortable with things than with ideas; so they were willing to accept Pop Art as being all about things, even though the ideas, I think, were often missed by them.''
But, according to the sources, Mr. Gemayel is still awaiting word from Syria on what guarantees, if any, it will give him about future cooperation.
Democrats plan to highlight what they consider Mr. Reagan's ''hypocrisy'' concerning a balanced budget and what they regard as his recklessness in foreign affairs.
Two Who Fled Abroad He cited as examples former Transport Minister Umaru Dikko, said to have controlled rice imports, and Isiyaku Ibrahim, a multimillionaire importer who was a major financier of Mr. Shagari's party.
''He has all the tools to be a great quarterback.''
Last December, Breitenbush was informed that its entry had won.
But sometimes the performances were fine, and what better way to introduce oneself to a composer or performer?
Since then, one or both reactors either has been shut or in the lengthy process of shutdown or startup.
Environmentalists asserted that the Senate had allowed the largest pristine beach on St. Thomas to be opened to commercial exploitation without giving the public a chance to argue the merits.
He said he had asked school board officials on Jan. 30 for permission to review the disciplinary files in hopes of uncovering information about any alcohol or drug use at the school.
''We knew we could outskate them,'' said Langway.
The Rate Structure The F.C.C.
On medium-range nuclear weapons, he said the Kremlin was ready for agreement on ''a constructive, mutually acceptable basis.''
It is Datril, an acetaminophen analgesic that has had a budget of $13 million.
''They started out as a full-service airline, then cut back a little and now want to be a low-cost, high-volume carrier.
Its action moves effortlessly between contemporary Canada, where Danny Smiricky, the novel's protagonist, teaches English at a small Ontario college, and wartime Czechoslovakia; between high literature and popular culture (Mr. Skvorecky, who has written a novel called ''The Bass Saxophone,'' gives Danny a past as a saxophonist and a formidable knowledge of jazz); between the large canvas of history and intimate vignettes of love and eroticism.
The Charles Schwab case was No.
He quickly advanced beyond the thankless limbo of the role of long reliever, the no-man's land between the fame of a consistent starter and the importance of the game-ending reliever.
To dismantle that system and replace it with Government insurance that has been shown to be inefficient is ''not only bad social policy, it's bad economics,'' Mr. Tane said.
* Micropro International Corp., a developer and marketer of applications software, filed for an initial public offering of 2.5 million shares, one million to be sold by current shareholders, through Lehman Brothers Kuhn Loeb Inc. * Ohio Mattress Co., Cleveland, filed for an offering of 2.5 million shares, through Lazard Fr eres & Co. * Perfect Fit Inc., a producer of bedroom furnishings, filed for an initial public offering of 1.3 million shares, 960,000 to be sold by current holders, through Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. * Radtech Inc., a company involved in developing inventions, products and techniques using radiation, filed for an initial public offering of four million shares, through Securities Clearing of Colorado Inc. * Voplex Corp., a producer of plastic items used in the automobile industry, said its offering of 300,000 shares had been priced at $12.13 a share, through Moseley, Hallgarten, Estabrook & Weeden Inc. * Western Federal Savings and Loan Association - Calif. said its initial public offering of 2.39 million shares had been priced at $11 a share, through Goldman, Sachs & Co.
Then the Soviet Union started paying attention to the sport and turned out one champion after another.
keeps maiden name in public life in gratitude for her mother's hard work .
''The Saudis will then come to us and say, why don't you get Israel to agree to withdraw, which was exactly what the May 17 accord was supposed to accomplish,'' he said.
Unfortunately, a medical school in Queens will guarantee neither.
''I didn't know of this case until one month ago,'' she said.
In this case, it was to define what she felt should not be in doubt, the essence of her work: ''Frankly, it is movement, but I have to have a dramatic line even in the most abstract things I've done.
Price range: Luncheon specials $4.25 to $5.75, a la carte entrees at luncheon and dinner $3.95 to $25.
To back up his point, he offered a New Yorker cartoon that was reproduced on the front page of the 1982 annual report of the Mayor's Office of Midtown Enforcement.
The orchestra in this instance is led by James Last, a German-born big-band leader who is extraordinarily popular in Europe.
The other readings - May 21, June 4, 10, 28 and 19 - are all in English.
Gold prices in Europe were little changed.
But the bank said the program was primarily an exercise to establish new priorities and that it did not expect actually to cut expenses by that amount.
''I am delighted with the sound we have achieved here, and I try to take a little bit of St. Louis with me wherever I conduct.
The elderly are not exempt from M.C.I.
Won't Comment Fred Reagan, a spokesman for the bureau, refused to discuss Mrs. Ogorodnikov's memorandum, saying the agency never commented on pending court matters.
My correspondent humbly admits his education may have been faulty.
Please consider that 96th Street has no special standing with respect to political jurisdiction, zoning, environmental concerns or traffic flow.
The ruling, by Judge Neal P. McCurn in Federal District Court, will prohibit boards of election from requring students to meet more stringent tests of residency than are required of other voters.
Their hunting trip plans are already made: an accommodating friend in Delaware County permits them to use his property.
George Deukmejian, a Republican, vetoed legislation passed by the Democratic-controlled Legislature that provided $76.6 million for a start in leveling out salaries in line with the ''comparable worth'' concept.
It merely codified a longstanding Israeli policy of determination to retain sovereignty over the entire city, which contains shrines holy to Judaism, Islam and Christianity.
Returned to Theater in 1946 Mr. Atkinson returned to the United States after two years in China, and in 1945 he was sent to Moscow.
We thought he was dying of his own disease - one he invented.''
* It is not the bending of rules to which we object.
''Then, I put on one voice for Mr. Branson's secretary, and another for Mr. Branson,'' he said.
(Credit cards will continue to be honored in lieu of cash.)
Permission Was Received The practices include a rule that the engineer of the train seeking to go in the ''wrong'' direction must stop and get written permission to proceed.
*Beat the egg whites until not quite stiffly peaked and fold them into the batter.
''There is nothing that means anything if you are not safe in your home or the streets or the subways.
b-Net loss after losses from discontinued operations of $6,264,000 for the quarter and $8,012,000 for the year.
Ford picked up his fourth foul with 7 minutes 8 seconds left in the first half, and fouled out midway through the third quarter with 8 points and 3 rebounds.
Today, he said, the figure has risen to 47 percent.
The six charged with treason and violating security laws appeared in Durban Magistrate's Court, where the state prosecutor said they had been charged.
You have not just criticized one or another Soviet policy.
But is there any other way out?
The rally, which followed gains made Friday, was attributed in part to technical factors, such as trends on price charts, said Mike Paulenoff, an orange juice analyst in New York with Smith Barney, Harris Upham & Company.
Martha Gravlee, a spokesman for the Federal Home Loan Bank Board, which supervises savings and loan associations, said that the agency did not maintain a list of problem institutions.
Tactical Value Is Doubted Several military men said they saw no particular tactical value in using atomic weapons in North Korea.
The game was interrupted by rain in the fifth inning with Don Baylor at the plate and runners on first and third.
''They made a special effort to get out,'' the Mayor adds.
We practiced it every day last week.
''Bulbs will make 90 to 95 percent of their root growth in fall.
''That if you get ill, they're thinking 'It's that contamination doing it.'
Prime commercial space leases for about $20 a square foot in Farmington and in the towns ringing Hartford, he said, compared with only $8 a square foot in New Britain.
The wounded officer, Dennis Brennan, 34 years old, of Baldwin, L.I., was not wearing a bulletproof vest when he was shot in the chest at 7:30 P.M. in what the police called a ''sniper style'' attack in Harlem.
Add butter and flour and process until well blended.
Miss Brown graduated from the Milton (Mass.)
The fortress is not a museum.
The first Sorabji disk to reach the American market came out a few years ago, a single disk of piano music played by Michael Habermann, one of the two pianists initially permitted to perform Mr. Sorabji's works when the ban was lifted in 1976.
To bring the property up to the required height, some 50,000 cubic yards of fill were hauled to the site.
A minute or so later, Mr. Reagan was asked to explain a comment he had made in Brownsville, Tex.
Jordan has denied that the restoration of ties with Egypt implied a resumption of a peace process.
The Mozart was given a poised, fluent performance that stressed its inwardness more than ordinarily.
When asked if the American withdrawal might make northern Israel more vulnerable to attack from southern Lebanon, Mr. Solarz, a Brooklyn Democrat, said: ''The security of Israel's northern border rests with Israel itself.
Here was not the rural India of our imagination, sleeping an endless sleep outside of the laws of modern history.
Mr. Goodby later said that his instructions ''require that the United States delegation search for agreements on concrete, practical measures to reduce the risk of war in Europe arising from surprise attack or miscalculation.''
Based on comments that have been made by some public officials in New Jersey, it would seem that major league teams were standing in line for the honor of playing in the state.
noon to 3 P.M., Sunday brunch noon to 3 P.M., dinner Sunday through Thursday.
That means having leadership that's bold enough and courageous enough to meet with all forces.
As Steve, he also says that Ken, whom he hates, knows nothing of the murders.
The buffet cruise, which costs $15 a person, leaves at 6:30 P.M. on Monday.
Last season, he went through a nine-game September spree in which he hit .556, and he finished the season with a .500 average for his last 13 games.
Hope for Improvement Seen Lilliam Barrios-Paoli, acting deputy administrator of Special Services for Children, said she thought the study was reason for optimism.
It would be wrong, however, to label the concert that the Kenneth King and Dancers/Company presented Thursday night in St. Mark's Church as merely a mixed-media event.
D. Douglas Roth, 33 years old, is serving 90 days in the Allegheny County Jail for defying a court order to leave the church and obey Bishop Kenneth May of the Western Pennsylvania- West Virginia Synod of the Lutheran Church in America.
W ith the New York theater giving its regular midsummer imitation of Death Valley at its most arid, it's time to turn to the bookshelf; and looking over it, one finds that already it's a bumper year for theatrical diaries, notebooks, call them what you will.
It earmarks $3 million for sexual child abuse programs in 1984, increasing by 5 percent in each of the next three years.
Here is a typical ad: It shows the usual photo of what looks like a TV screen mounted on top of a typewriter keyboard, and big type says, ''Save $999!''
He will take over Sept. 1 at a tough time.
''I've had some treatment, but when you have a pinched nerve, it's tough to just rub it out.''
But these breakthroughs hardly tell the whole story of black music's rise this year.
Goal: To Deter Aggression Abdullah Yaqub Bishara, Secretary General of the Gulf Cooperation Council, said the force was intended to help deter aggression against gulf nations.
M. DYCKE FERRIGNO Flushing, N.Y., May 30, 1984
With other costs added in, the final price for the five-minute video was almost exactly $88,000.
It wasn't until the middle of the 18th century that a reliable method - the one that is used today - was devised for manufacturing the small lead pellets fired by a shotgun.
The police said the Ambassador, Khalifa Ahmed Aziz al-Mubarak, 34 years old, was shot in the head by a man with a pistol in front of the embassy residence on Avenue Charles Floquet, near the Champs de Mars.
''There were standards to be met and you met them, or else, but there was plenty of time for fun and games.''
ADDRESSES OF SHOPS Following is a list of shops at which salmon was sampled: Balducci's, 424 Avenue of the Americas (between Ninth and Tenth Streets), 212-673-2600.
asked Terrance Riley, 9, pointing to his fish kite's turquoise fins.
when clearly it was something a teen-ager would know he shouldn't do.
A Former Jet Scores Instead, late in the period, with Marino making long completions to Moore and Duper, Miami went ahead, 14-10, as Woody Bennett, the ex-Jet, scored on a 3-yard run.
That militiaman could just as easily have been smashing human beings as bottles.
His upgrading was anticipated, along with Mr. Robuchon's, by those who follow the annual ratings.
It, too, was about that shadowy souvenir shop, the mind; but it brought menace, tension and conflict to the study of it.
The approach analysts are taking follows the old adage that, ''if it looks like a duck, walks like a duck, and quacks like a duck, then it must be a duck.''
Procedural difficulties delayed the opening of the talks, but Western diplomats described as ''conciliatory'' a statement by Sam Nujoma, leader of the South West Africa Peoples Organization.
The Israeli spokesman, Ehud Gol, added that in the talks Mr. Shamir emphasized the importance of the ''thriving Jewish community'' in South Africa, analyzed the situation in the Middle East and outlined Israel's position regarding the military talks with Lebanon that are scheduled to begin Thursday in the Lebanese border town of Naqura.
This is the part mythic, part factual, totally illiterate (at first), terminally resolute, almost royal and finally, of course, incurably romantic character from Hannibal, Mo., who hopes for ''someplace better, bigger, shinier.''
Barry Bennett, the defensive tackle, will have thumb surgery and probably will miss the Oiler game.
For the first six months of 1984, the trend continued, and by June white male workers made up 49.3 percent of the work force.
Miss Walker, who starred in the original productions of ''Best Foot Forward'' and ''Girl Crazy,'' and whose last glow on the Great White Way was in David Merrick's ''Do Re Mi'' in 1960, is returning in a revue called ''Nancy's Turn.''
Add onion and saute over medium heat until soft but not browned.
The new program is an expansion of a police campaign started in September 1981 and aimed at arresting drug sellers operating near schools.
He said it ''invites the jury to be influenced by speculative and improper considerations,'' such as the actions of a future Governor.
An extensive survey by the respected polling organization Forschungsgruppe Wahlen found that 51.7 percent of West Germans believe that it is ''unlikely'' that Germany will be reunited in the next 30 years while 29 percent said it was ''impossible.''
Specifically, we recommended that nonprofit activist groups (a) be required to give up either their Federal subsidy or their political advocacy; (b) be required to self-certify, under penalties of criminal law, that they have not engaged in prohibited activities and (c) make full disclosure regarding their activities, publications and personnel.
Mr. Moore, an engineer and a co-founder of Intel, was one of the technical pioneers in the semiconductor industry.
Mr. Mortimer was perhaps a bit too humble in writing about himself.
If the Rams had beaten the 49ers, a Giant victory today would have assured them a playoff spot no matter what else happened this weekend.
The defendants are charged with violating the antifraud provisions of the S.E.C.
''It's a chance for us to show off, and let people see our capabilities as horsemen,'' said Capt.
''Not sad like a child is ill or something.
The Poles are best at defining their own goals and pace of revolt.
''I'm just knotted in the gut,'' he said.
District superintendents, principals and civic leaders complained that some districts were unable to take advantage of a new city budget appropriation for smaller first-grade classes, and, for the second year in a row, to provide all children with full-day kindergarten.
Mortgage interest rates soared in June to their highest levels in about two years, the Government reported today.
When Prime Minister Prem Tinsulanonda flew to the United States last week, exhausted, for a medical checkup at Emory University in Atlanta, he left behind an unstable political situation that seems to defy resolution.
But Mr. Kiley said he was not sure he could hold the fares without the $60 million.
There is an integrity in the tradition of playing day baseball here.
The third baseman now has 14 hits in his last 18 times at bat, a .778 clip, lifting his average to .318 - still far below the lofty marks of the two Yankees.
President Chernenko's interview with The Washington Post is only the latest sign of the menace that many feel in the prospect of an unending, unlimited arms race.
Many things on the screen are hard to bear: shattered bodies, human cruelty, pervasive fear.
Casually interspersed among the offerings from a seemingly limitless horticultural store are disarming smatterings of wisdom that reach well beyond the limits of the garden.
But already a debate has arisen over how quickly, if at all, the computer should be embraced in the classroom.
Mr. Sussman says that the demand for these live-in greenhouses has greatly increased during the last three years.
While such worries could keep the Fed from raising short rates sharply to slow growth, history shows that the Fed will allow growing demand for business and consumer credit gradually to drive rates up.
The Scouts are among 30,000 people who have gone through Units 1 and 2 of the world's most famous nuclear complex since July 1979.
To strike down the 12 percent minimum markup without any action to free the liquor stores from all the other binding restrictions cannot be an acceptable route to free competition.
Trying to think in such a situation is confusing, and you can't appreciate it unless you have been in a similar situation and worked your way out of it.
The chemical is known to cause cancer, alter DNA and adversely affect reproduction in laboratory animals.
He told success stories about individuals who have conquered or helped others conquer travail.
''There are only two things'' in the budget discussion that cannot be changed, Mr. Reagan said.
At community board meetings, you'll get 50 people to come out over a discussion about a bench on a triangle.
The General Services Administration, the Federal agency that owns the building, is expected to make its decision within 30 days.
Quotations attributed to Mr. Shawn were not unrelated.
Increasingly, they are able to mass their forces and overwhelm isolated garrisons or ambush relief columns.''
Hotel Oberoi Towers, Marine Drive, Nariman Point (234343), has double rooms for about $90 and suites for $220 to $410.
That ''more'' is captured in a few statistics.
''We now have to face the fact that we can't fish as much as we did before.''
Some had, she said, and one even told her, ''Yup, it's O.K.''
But United States District Judge Joseph Stevens Jr. set aside the verdict, saying the award was excessive, and ordered a new trial.
The fact that the $800,000 balance of its mortgage was coming due in October 1982 forced the Empire organization ''to really think about the buildings' future,'' Mr. Berger said.
A year ago, Christopher Keene aimed his orchestra's brass section at the stage as if it were heavy artillery - obliterating chorus and principals alike in the process.
Although production is expected to drop somewhat in Washington, the leading sweet- cherry state in the country, the decline will be more than made up for by increases in California and Michigan, the reporting service said.
Anyone would feel that way.''
No Preconditions, President Says ''They want us to play Charlie Brown to their Lucy again,'' said Chris Matthews, Mr. O'Neill's spokesman, referring to the antagonists in the cartoon ''Peanuts.''
He said Mrs. Ottinger favored the change ''although now that its a reality, she's a bit shakier.''
The doubters seemed outnumbered by others interviewed who said they were angered by the persistence of the grilling to which they believed she had been subjected.
1: Penn State's game at Alabama this past Saturday.
After announcing the accord last night, officials of the two cities muted their animosity.
''I'm just glad it's over,'' said John Vanbiesbrouck, the Rangers goaltender.
After some delay, China has now invited him for a helpfully timed election-year visit in April.
She releases or hides her children from her skirt, under which she wears trousers and combat boots.
The word from Police Headquarters was that the Poles had misunderstood.
He was shot once in the face, according to Lieut.
''We had seen in him someone who had been a great player at Stanford who somewhere along the way had lost his confidence because he had gotten so beaten up so much,'' said Ken Herock, a former Raider tight end and later personnel director.
While his rural upbringing gave him a deep sympathy with peasant life, it also meant that what was radical and even threatening in his work was the result not of questioning but essentially an expression of his bond with his past.
The RKO theaters are joining the city's Sanitation Department in an anti-litter campaign, posting marquee messages and distributing anti- ''litterpig'' buttons.
That's what a kid sees nowadays if you let him read about the owners of professional teams who depreciate their players to cut tax bills.
''The Auerbach Will,'' like Stephen Birmingham's many other fiction and nonfiction works, deals with the rich.
Springs may be spelled as a punt-returner.
One is Michael R. Edelman, a former Yonkers Corporation Counsel, who lost in 1978, and Jon S. Fossel, a former Assemblyman from Lewisboro, who was Mr. Ottinger's last opponent, in 1982.
Never Mind Jamaica THE BOUNTY, directed by Bernard Williams; screenplay by Robert Bolt, based on the book ''Captain Bligh and Mr. Christian'' by Richard Hough; director of photography, Arthur Ibbetson; edited by Tony Lawson; music by Vangelis; produced by Bernard Williams; released by Orion Pictures Corporation.
Western diplomats and Ethiopians interviewed in September said Colonel Mengistu, or Comrade Chairman Mengistu, as he is now called, was more firmly in control and stronger politically than ever before.
Next week's sale of New York City bonds is expected to offer yields greater than those for this week's New York State issue.
He had been in exile since a failed uprising in the Bulgaria of the 1920's and returned from Moscow after World War II to lead a violent takeover.
If the Bronx prosecutors can put forward any corroboration, it is likely to be supplied by other children.
''We have a goose that got into a fight with a dog and lost a wing, we have the goat, lots of birds, several aquariums, guinea pigs, the ducks and geese, a couple of chickens and two deer.
For example, F. R. Leavis, who once declared that ''the adult mind'' was not sufficiently challenged by Dickens, later came around to the view (already held by critics like Lionel Trilling) that Dickens was ''one of the greatest of creative writers''; as for ''Little Dorrit'' in particular, it was now ''one of the very greatest novels.''
''I must get 10-15 calls a week on this.''
David Sears, an unbeaten light heavyweight from New York, scored the biggest victory of his two-year pro career Wednesday night with a unanimous 10-round decision over Eric Winbush.
Mr. Maroudas said that by the end of next year the crews would be all Greek, although American planes would still be used.
Far from rushing to judgment, Western governments, led by the Reagan Administration, have recoiled from the devastating implication that Bulgaria's agents were bound to have acted only on a signal from Moscow.
Mr. Hart, whose campaign has blossomed only after the registration deadline here, has only 42 delegates running in 10 districts.
Some of the nation's leading track and field stars, including the 1984 Olympic gold medal winners Carl Lewis, Edwin Moses and Valerie Brisco-Hooks, said they would compete in various meets in the United States and Europe.
It is a reflection of the overall political and economic environment.
A Bad Week for Airline An airline industry source said stricken passengers could be entitled to compensation in amounts that depend on how severe the poisoning is and if they suffer an economic loss as a direct result of the illness.
Children were among the casualties.
Last month, his condition grew still worse.
The media used have been magazines, newpapers, outdoor and point of sale.
And in this span he earned a total of $244,200.
Tickets are $3, and the numbers for more information are 544-8815 and 226-0505.
The rebel criticism came at a time when some rightist political leaders here have expressed increasing wariness of President Jose Napoleon Duarte's aims in meeting with leftist guerrillas.
Martha Liipfert, a spokesman for the Long Island Lighting Company, said lightning and wind caused power to fail for 10,000 and 12,000 customers in Nassau County and western Suffolk County.
Gold is a traditional haven for funds trying to hedge against inflation.
He's a collector of many things - paintings, furniture, sculpture - and he tries to possess this phantasm, which Odette is, the sort of woman who will not be tied down.
Thus, pushing someone you do not know is not ncessarily bad manners.
''There are two strategies,'' said Dr. Peter Mosienko, the third-place finisher.
With Shaffer there's a thunder of pretension.
Those touchdowns came on Montana's passes of 21 yards to Dwight Clark and 9 yards to Russ Francis.
For the rest of the world, everyone who is simply looking for a good word processor, for instance, I don't see much need for graphics.
'Poetry Began in the Shrine' Inspired by the venerable English Poets' Corner in the south transept of Westminster Abbey, where writers from Chaucer to Lewis Carroll to Dylan Thomas are celebrated and Chaucer and others are buried, the American corner will be devoted to deceased American writers, not exclusively poets.
Too often, union leaders enter negotiations with no comprehensive analysis of the people, interests and institutions with whom they are in effect dealing.
Mr. Steele declined to say whether anyone in the District Attorney's office had been asked by the special prosecutor to submit to a lie-detector test.
Westchester's natural environment is the focus of their lives, and they are working to bring a greater awareness of its problems to the people of the county.
Bill Rodgers & Company, a Weymouth, Mass., manufacturer of sportswear for runners, expects to sell about 30,000 Gore-Tex suits this year, up from 20,000 last year and 10,000 in 1982.
The coins have great variety.
WASHINGTON Christmas came early to Washington this year, mainly for the lobbyists who are against the Treasury Department's tax reform plan.
In Richard Nixon's heyday, periodic alterations in his political image were always followed by talk of ''a new Nixon.''
Troopers now use a substation in a one-story cinderblock building 100 feet away.
Mr. Bohardt said that the F.T.C.
It also takes a great deal of heat to turn water into steam.
Because this is not seen when the star is observed in the normal manner, Dr. Smith and Dr. Terrile suspect that some of the inner material may have been swept up by newly forming planets.
De Gaulle's Memoirs In a Giant PaperbackFranklin D. Roosevelt and Winston Churchill both regarded Charles de Gaulle as haughty, attitudes they made clear in their letters and cables.
WILLIAM K. STEVENS NEW DELHI, Dec. 29 - Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi said today that his overwhelming triumph in parliamentary elections this week would enable his Government ''to swiftly take India forward.''
Can you also tell me the origin of the term?
Mr. Jackson met with reporters and editors at The Post on Tuesday and said he could not recall having used the terms, which are considered offensive.
But she also warns that the high rates might reduce America's demand for foreign goods and slow the European recovery.
The more value that is added to a product before it is found to be defective, the more expensive it becomes to repair the product or throw it out.
All these things seem possible to Mark Talbott, the 24- year-old American who believes that the sport of squash racquets is becoming more gracious as the jackpot grows.
It seems that the Senator has been receiving death threats.
In most cases, only the youngest infants were buckled in.
Some European Films Shrink Crossing Atlantic Among the European-made films that have gotten lighter as they crossed the Atlantic are Claude Lelouch's ''Edith and Marcel,'' which was 2 hours 50 minutes long in its French version and which will be 30 minutes shorter when it opens in New York next Friday.
Bob Lurie has done the same with the San Francisco Giants.
Shanosky, who scored the first touchdown on a 3-yard run, hit Jeff White with passes of 24, 67 and 22 yards and Andrew Deegan with a 14-yard pass for touchdowns.
''My first cousin, Princess Sonam Yuthok, came to the United States 10 days before the transplant,'' Princess Yangchen said.
Popular and folk images are mixed with traces of Jonathan Borofksy, Sandro Chia, Enzo Cucchi, Giorgio de Chirico and Malcolm Morley.
Dr. Foster said the council's directory, which cost $45,000 to $50,000 to produce, was more cost effective than the county's.
In his beguiling presentation of Edmond Rostand's classic piece of hokum, the director Terry Hands fills the Gershwin's stage with teeming choruses of Parisian swells, smoky battlefield explosions and all the picture-book moonlight required to send us flying back to a lost romantic age.
In a letter sent to local news organizations, the fugitive, Charles O. Mensik, former president of City Savings Association of Chicago, said he wanted to collect $35,000 he said was owed him in Social Security benefits and wanted to spend his remaining years with his wife of 52 years, in Phoenix, Ariz. Mr. Mensik walked away from the minimum-security Federal Prison Camp in Allenwood, Pa., on Oct. 11, 1971, the authorities said.
Asked later whether he advocated the repeal of the War Powers Act, Mr. Weinberger said he would not elaborate.
Views of Foreign Powers Dr. Ghassan Salameh, a political scientist, said that in Lebanese politics the terms left and right are most useful in describing attitudes toward foreign powers.
I live in Mysore, once a native state, where the annual nine-day celebration called Navaratri was a season of festivity in the palace.
If the Democrat wins ''most or all'' of the 17, he will unseat the President, the analyst predicts; if he wins half, ''the election will be close.''
The act had been the underpinning for controls applied for reasons of national security, foreign policy and domestic shortages.
While Fanny Wright saw herself as the champion of rationality and peace, almost from the start she was regarded as the breeder of anarchy, atheism and free love.
Sales by the six companies totaled 188,775 in the period, which had nine selling days this year and last, down from 198,126 in 1983.
Although the United States Surgeon General issued his warning to smokers on the potential health hazards of smoking in 1964, it was not until attention turned to the effect on nonsmokers that a real movement began.
''You've got a duty to die and get out of the way,'' said the 48-year-old Governor.
There, too, equal treats with equal.
Mr. Kofa, of the Liberian Mission to the United Nations, said his Government had not accused any Liberians in the United States of involvement in the reported conspiracy in Liberia.
''I thought it would be awfully soppy if I were to write about my son's graduation,'' he said.
Splashing red paint on an upside- down rowboat in Central Park yesterday, Louis Anguita said: ''It's fun.
Close to another botanical garden, Welchman Hull Gully in St. Thomas, is Harrison's Cave, a subterranean cavern through which visitors ride on a tram for a mile, passing waterfalls, streams and stalagtites and stalagmites while indirect light plays on the water.
There is no admission charge.
Although both Martinique and Guadeloupe, volcanic islands, have much potential in that area - Guadeloupe already has excellent but underused mineral baths at Ravine Chaude - the French ministers apparently concerned themselves only with Lorraine, lower Normandy, Burgundy and the Provence-Alps-C^ote d'Azur region.
But according to intelligence estimates from various world capitals, perhaps 8,000 Soviet soldiers and airmen have been killed in the five years since Soviet forces joined the battle in the last week of 1979, and 15,000 or 20,000 have been wounded.
After not pitching at all in 1983 following severe elbow surgery, he relieved in 23 games this year.
Several of the businesses on the list are retail and consumer oriented companies, Mr. Carson pointed out, and those companies do well in an economy recovering from a recession.
Yang Zhengying, a retired doctor in Lanzhou, set up a private practice in a pharmacy several years ago.
The reason, of course, is the Presidential election.
Alex lectures an orchestra, Signor Grisi his players, Alex Susan, Alex's cello teacher Alex.
A.Grits are milled from dried wheat, oats and corn.
''They're all Marxists,'' said Sir Trevor, who still sits on the Council.
Judge Sprizzo did not say where he would draw the line, except to say that those responsible for mass murders such as ''the atrocities at Dachau, Aushwitz and other death camps'' would not qualify as ''political'' offenders even though their motives were political.
Estimated yields for the four classes of bonds ranged from 11.046 percent for bonds due in 1991 with a projected average life of about two and a half years to 12.849 percent for bonds due in 2014 with an expected average life of 22 years.
In the past, for example, most cameras offered a choice of only two operating modes - either automatic or manual exposure control - but some of the newest models offer as many as four different operating modes.
Soviet journalists sought out Americans to ask questions.
The sweeping foliate and winged mounts on this unsigned timepiece are in the manner of Nicolas Pineau.
The station also offers such original programming as ''The Catlins,'' a daily soap opera, ''Down to Earth,'' a new situation comedy, and ''Starcade,'' a video arcade game show that is syndicated to broadcasters.
None of the other contenders could move until I moved.
Golden Pizza, 437 Beach 129th St., Queens.
State officials have agreed to extend drinking hours at some bars and restaurants in the last week of New Hampshire's Presidential primary campaign.
''The problem is working it out in a way that's compatible with our commitments to Intelsat.
And, for the first time in its seven- year history, the race will be televised nationally, by CBS.
William L. Brown, chairman of the multibank holding company, attributed the decline in net income to increases in certain operating expenses and the provision for credit losses, as well as losses in the bank's trading account.
The anthropologist Richard Leakey leaves the frantic phonetics to the bushmen and simply addresses them as the ''koong,'' with an explosive ''k,'' and the !Kung do not seem to object.
It will acquaint breeders and exhibitors with current judging standards and practices and will be conducted by Gloria Stevens, judging administrator for the International Cat Association.
Better choices were the puffy scampi beignets and the salad of thin, carpacciolike beef in a stimulating hot sauce with shallots, Chinese cabbage, red peppers and mint.
Their manager held up four fingers.
Ferguson took the men's singles kayak race in 1:47.84.
''And the people were very eager to hear, I think, an analysis given to that degree, that we don't have to worry about these problems - if there's something you don't like, it's not my fault.
There were no reports of additional casualties.
In the early 1970's, Mr. Cipullo started his own design company, Aldo Cipullo Ltd., and in 1974 he won the prestigious Coty American Fashion Critics Award for jewelry.
Mr. Stone cleared his throat.
The following week, against Clemson, he caused two fumbles and sacked the quarterback twice.
Such letters, of course, were received by many people around the nation and many were probably tossed in wastebaskets.
A plot within ITT to spread negative rumors about the company is being investigated by ITT and the S.E.C.
A.Since you are not sure of the type of tile or mastic adhesive, I can't be very specific.
''I felt sluggish, and when I feel sluggish I don't like to push myself early in the race.
The Consumer Product Safety Commission said that if a kettle and its handle ''show signs of deformation,'' the consumer should stop using it.
She might have bid three diamonds, but that would have involved some ambiguity.
He was banished to Gorky in 1980 for his dissident activities.
For the Sandinistas, an ARDE investigator said, ''the fact is that it is politically more convenient to have him alive and causing divisions.''
Mr. Bentsen is also chairman of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, and Texas, his home state, is considered one of the most important of those targeted by the Democrats to chip into the 55-to-45 majority the Republicans hold in the Senate.
Fluke-fishing has slowed, but crabbing is first-rate.
But it might have gone awry in Texas and Colorado.
The outgoing assembly, which was dominated by Mr. Marcos's ruling party, the New Society Movement, recently approved a new election code that Jose Concepcion Jr., head of the broadly based National Citizens Movement for Free Elections, called ''one of the best I have seen.''
Convenience is further heightened by a remote control that provides for remote selection of the six preset radio stations as well as for the television channels (2 to 83) plus all currently used cable channels.
The commander of United States military forces in Latin America said today that he ''could foresee no circumstances when it would be useful'' to commit American troops to combat in El Salvador.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
So far, only six have been cleaned up completely.
The premise here is that New York was made glorious by a noble civic vision, a vision that was ultimately defeated by the purely commercial ambitions of the post-World War II era.
They knew that they wanted to live in a new community that offered tennis courts, a swimming pool and a clubhouse.
And if these sports now permit professionals to participate, can track and field or boxing or basketball be far behind?
1980 Act Backs Careerists Those pressing for a bigger role for the professionals have legislation behind them.
The Kodaly was given full showpiece treatment to fine effect, but the mystery, depth and grandeur of ''La Mer'' were not fully realized in the interpretation the work received.
The suggestions were probably good, and Mr. Milnes is perfectly capable of resisting had they not been - but the significance lies elsewhere.
Alaska state troopers traced them to Seattle and a judge in King County Court ordered them seized.
''There's the beauty of it,'' she said.
Dr. Relman, an expert in kidney disorders, diagnosed a rare condition called Goodpasture's syndrome that can affect both the lungs and kidneys.
Two men were convicted of the rape of a 22-year-old woman in a bar in New Bedford, Mass.
Those unfamiliar with Indian food, or whose contact with it has been limited to curry powder, should order at least one dish from the tandoor, the deep clay oven of northern Indian, in which foods are cooked on skewers and breads are roasted by slapping them to the sides of the oven walls.
She was unseeded in the tournament and ranked only 32d in the world, and Mrs. Lloyd was top seeded here and is the second- ranked player in the world behind Martina Navratilova.
His name is Gilles Segal.
The proclaimed justification for our massive arms buildup is that we are readying ourselves to fight, if need be, a ''limited'' or all-out nuclear war with the Soviet Union.
''Here we will have jewelry that will be for wearing, not for investment,'' says John D. Block, senior vice president of Sotheby's and head of its jewelry division, who will do a much of the auctioneering at the sale.
As a result, both Mr. Consol and magistrates say the outcome of the case will depend largely on whether Mr. Agca's account is believed.
His creative touches make the recipes special - adding yogurt to an avocado soup to lighten it, or seasoning matzoh balls for chicken soup with nutmeg and ginger.
Each Network Owns Five Stations Each of the three networks owns five VHF television stations in major markets.
Mr. Shacham can make his sculptures do what he wants them to do because he sees them through from start to finish - from the design and the modeling in clay and plaster to the final casting in bronze.
Loans totaled $1.5 billion in the fiscal year 1984 and are expected to total $3.8 billion in the current 1985 fiscal year.
''Our goal is to resolve every case,'' said Comdr.
b-Including extraordinary gains of $700,000 from the partial utilization of operating loss carryforwards and $42,000 from the early retirement of debt.
May: Took some hard-to- please friends to a new restaurant in our neighborhood; they were not pleased.
This exhibition will be built all over again for its showing at the Whitney Museum from Dec. 20 through March 10, 1985.
''There is no reason that Socal can't move nearly as fast.
Wanxian's vaguely European architecture, introduced by colonial merchants in the 19th century, had looked romantic after dark.
In other I.L.A.-covered ports, the average man-hour assessment is $11 an hour, bringing the shipper's fee to about $20 to $30 a container, according to Anthony J. Tozzoli, director of the Port Department of the Authority.
But the senior official who briefed reporters said ''our role is really just to provide technical advice at this stage'' until the nations in the area reach a consensus on what they want to do.
You think he's pitched superbly for the Chicago Cubs the past three months with his 15 victories and 1 defeat in 18 starts?
If there is insufficient light for available shooting, a built-in flash pops up, delivers the proper amount of light for the picture, recharges in several second, and turns itself off when not needed.
Even in the South, Mr. Mondale's supporters feel his running mate opens doors for him with the voters.
Underlying Mr. Mondale's support among party regulars is the concern, openly voiced, that his name at the head of the Democratic ticket in November could be a liability for Tennessee Democrats, whose main interest is in electing Albert Gore Jr. to the seat being vacated by Howard H. Baker Jr., the Senate majority leader.
When thoroughly blended, stop processing.
In fact, it says almost nothing that could be intelligible to any customer without a degree in electronics.
All that should have been going on before, but you can't solve any problem overnight.''
But, in Mr. Proenca Rosa's words, ''so far there has been a regrettable lack of progress.''
But Vincent J. Fuller, his lawyer, said in an interview after the hearing that he believed Mr. Hinckley would petition only for ''some limited, supervised grounds privilege'' at the hospital.
A plea for cleanup aid was rejected by New York State.
''Looking at their fantastic turnaround, you have to say they're doing a monumental job cutting costs,'' said Peter F. Marcus, an analyst with Paine Webber Inc. ''Their production costs used to be $50 a ton higher than the industry average, but now they're just about $5 higher'' than the average of $480 a ton.
The 72-year-old producer, whose latest Broadway production was the smash-hit revival of the musical ''42nd Street,'' asked in an affidavit filed in state Supreme Court in Manhattan that his wife, Etan, be removed as conservator of his estate with her consent.
He repeatedly said ''God willing'' when reporters asked if the security measures would now be carried out and if Mr. Jumblat would now attend Cabinet meetings.
What I've tried to show is Eliot marrying into this family that embodied all his ideas about aristocracy and breeding and gradually accepting the corrosive values of the English upper classes.
For 50 years it has flourished in Georgetown, the last 46 years in a century-old, 16-foot-wide, cozy house at the corner of 28th and O Streets where one finds the kettle on at tea time and books of every description piled high.
I need to get the money now while I'm still healthy, while I'm whole.
Any remaining losses can be carried over to a future year.
Bypassing the Senate, President Reagan appointed 11 people today to the Legal Services Corporation's board of directors.
One of the people who believes Hingsen could very well win gold in Los Angeles is his coach, Norbert Pixken, one of West Germany's pre- eminent teachers of field events.
The plan, sponsored by the city and the State Urban Development Corporation, calls for extensive demolition on 13 acres along 42d Street between 7th and 8th Avenues.
Or an ecological thread could be woven about their value as nature's recycling system and their contribution to the soil's organic matter.
That list in times past has included whole bay leaves, a small portion of good quality Parmesan cheese, chili powder, bottled jalapeno peppers, saffron and so on.
* Providing a community-based, computerized clearing house for child-care information and referral.
These will be held at the American Place Theater, at 111 West 46th Street, between Sixth and Seventh Avenues.
Ventures Rejected The Ameritech venture rejected by the department involved a request to provide shared telephone services to tenants in an office building, including the management of ''least-cost'' routing systems for the tenants' long- distance calls.
Mr. Conforte testified that he paid Judge Claiborne $30,000 on a visit one night in early December 1978 to the Reno apartment where the judge lived temporarily while presiding in the Reno Federal court division.
In addition to the grand jury subpoena, Mr. Beach faces an $8 million damage claim filed by Sheriff Eaton.
Right now we're afraid we'd kill our own people, and that vote - which I know got a lot of attention; Mr. Mondale certainly put that one forth here in Iowa, and very much so.
According to Mr. Morris, designers have also begun making jewelry with semiprecious stones, such as tourmaline, which are said to have curative and protective powers, perfect for wearing, say, at some of New York's fiercer dinner parties.
There is no danger, however, that he will run short of the garments with which he traditionally opens the award-winning television show for children, now carried by more than 250 PBS stations.
There is no physical barrier.
About 1,000 students, most in 17 buses and some in private cars, traveled to the park, nearly 50 miles from midtown Manhattan, Mr. Damesek, the principal, said.
The Merkur buyer will have only five items on which to make a selection: color, metallic paint, transmission type (automatic or the standard five- speed), leather seats or the standard cloth, and whether to add a sun roof.
In June 1982 he was the No.
And the British are going into this new era unschooled in the management of risk, making the transition even more dificult.
Men's 10M - G. Louganis.
Because judges were elected in November to replace retiring jurists around the state, the decision, if upheld, could create confusion about who would hear cases brought before the courts.
When one of the evening's specials carries a supplementary charge, patrons are so informed.
Ron Mickwee, Eagle's president, cited the aftermath of a settlement of a copyright infringement suit brought by the International Business Machines Corporation as one reason for the expected loss.
A double costs $42 a night.
In the book, it was two or three lines of poetry.
And you better be there in your cell.
A Commitment Questioned Sasha Bruce Youthwork is run by Deborah Shore, Mr. Treanor's wife.
Cuts approved by the House Armed Services Committee would bring an increase of slightly under 6 percent, which some Congressional sources believe is close to the final compromise the Senate and House will reach later this year.
It included Haydn's Concerto for Organ and Orchestra (H. XVIII, No.
''But I'd have to give it to the government anyway, so I might as well give it to the people.
Twenty-four years have passed since Benjamin Britten, who spoke no Russian, first heard the cellist Mstislav Rostropovich, who spoke no English, perform at a Royal Festival Hall concert here.
I invite Messrs. Claiborne and Franey to sample our peasant fare any time at my favorite pizzeria on 11th Avenue.
Banco Ambrosiano, and the financial empire assembled around it, collapsed when its president and driving force, Roberto Calvi, often called ''God's banker'' because of his close relationship with the Vatican, was found hanging under Blackfriars Bridge in London.
The reactions of attending opera administrators ranged from enthusiasm to outrage, said Mr. DiChiera, a range he described as ''healthy.''
Last month Kenyon & Eckhardt got the Brut and Babe fragrances from Faberge, which were also longtime assignments at Nadler & Larimer.
announced sanctions against the Illini football program for recruiting violations.
''They realized that these matters would be approved without their taking any action, so they started taking action,'' said the borough attorney, Richard J. Duda.
The veterans say the dioxin caused them to suffer ailments ranging from skin rash to cancer, and caused miscarriages by their wives and birth defects in their children.
Tenants have speculated that landlords have been waiting to issue leases in the hope that the new guildelines would be higher, and the tenants would then lose the benefits of the freeze.
At St. Vincent's Hospital, 19-year-old Darryl Cabey, of 423 East 168th Street, was in critical condition; a bullet had passed through his spinal cord and left lung, a spokesman said.
's first four seasons but lost to Baltimore in the opening round last year.
Beat three eggs with a third of a cup of light cream and a third of a cup of Parmesan cheese and mix in with the vegetables.
Today, more than a year after Bethlehem's announcement, workers occasionally wander into the union hall and ask whether anyone has heard anything about Bethlehem reopening the plant or somebody else buying and reopening it, although chances of that are unlikely.
Though these legislative steps were largely ignored this year - the year's overview was not finished until this week - that procedure is still worth reaffirming.
Other worthy choices were a special rabbit p^ate (lively flavor, punctuated by pickled okra and beet accompaniments and a sprig of fresh thyme on top) and slices of rare duck leg in a tart-sweet Cumberland sauce that combined the traditional red currants with cranberries, lemon and almonds.
Lillian and her younger sister, Dorothy, were expected to have good manners plus the discipline to go on stage night after night.
In November, Eric took Tricia on a three-hour drive to Montauk for Haagen-Dazs ice cream.
Lendl had planned to play in both tournaments.
Perhaps the fanciest of all the ''gourmet'' shops in the city is E.A.T., at 867 Madison Avenue (72d Street), owned by Eli Zabar.
''I believe we really should be very careful in terms of our technological miracles that we don't impose life on people who, in fact, are suffering beyoind the ability for us to help.''
This mist can be readily exploded into a fireball by any number of ignition sources.
To this end we have asked ministers of finance to consider the scope for intensified discussion of international financial issues of particular concern to developing countries in the I.B.R.D.
Since the last major maneuvers ended in February, there have been at least 30 smaller joint exercises.
This is a challenge that Robert W. Creamer has met with exceptional grace and economy in his ''Stengel: His Life and Times.''
Florida has executed six men since 1976, more than any other state.
The first condominiums went on the market a month ago at base prices of $90,000, $110,000 and $120,000, about $30,000 a unit below the cost of the same units that the partnership is building in Westchester County, Mr. Weingarten said.
But some things don't change - and they shouldn't.
Funding for the Rebuilding New York Program comes from both Federal and state sources, with initial funds from the state's $1.25 billion transportation bond issue.
This was a Miss Havisham of a Madge, a proud old beauty whose dignity and madness were gripping.
The Cauvery is big, wild and fast in the stretch where the fishing took place and along its banks the anglers saw elephants, jackals, sambar and chital - both members of the deer family - wild boar, monkeys and an occasional leopard.
An owner will be given notice of the hearing and have the opportunity to be present, of course, with counsel.
Indeed, economic considerations transcend romance as an incentive for traveling in tandem these days.
On finally reaching the window, however, she couldn't buy any because the token- seller couldn't make change.
Our rooms are across from each other, and we're together so much with the team.
''The situation is really out of control,'' said Vern Jervis, a spokesman for the service.
Every time I get a really solid lineup together someone would quit because another band offered more money.
The names of other tour operators are available by asking individual national parks for a list of the concessionaires who take tour groups to the parks.
Ironically, the Tonelli-Sutter-Flatley combination was the fourth Islander line to get on the ice tonight.
In 1984, above all years, the Democratic Party must not be a party beholden to old arrangements, which has forgotten that the greatness of Roosevelt and Kennedy was that they broke with the past and moved us into the future with new proposals.
But the Federal Reserve Board fined one of the country's largest commercial banks $350,000 for exceeding allowable limits on promotional expenses, specifically for violating a Fed rule on the premiums that may be paid to obtain deposits.
Three of the offices are in Gainesville, and there is one each in Starke, Keystone Heights and Lake Butler.
It is a measure of Mr. Seymour's skill that he can reverse his angle of narration and make the character of the Soviet helicopter commander believable and even sympathetic.
But the biggest contrast will be with the machinery.
It received a noticeably unenthusiastic response from President Reagan and Congress.
PAS DE DEUX CAMPAGNOLO (New York Premiere), choreography, Kent Stowell; music, Giuseppe Verdi's (I Vespri Siciliani); lighting, Randall G. Chiarelli; costumes, Judith Cooper.
Of the other principals, William Wildermann stood out, as he so frequently does, for the intelligence of his portrayal.
You can't take away technique.''
Western diplomats cautioned that the choice of Mr. Chernenko to lead the funeral commission was not necessarily conclusive and could simply reflect his formal standing as the senior leader in the party's Secretariat, which implements day-to-day policy on behalf of the Politburo.
Mayor Koch agrees that Mr. Levin showed ''poor or errant judgment'' but adds that he was ''well motivated'' and suggests reducing the fines.
In addition, it named one restaurant that was closed for having failed to correct earlier violations.
At the Quay, for example, the first section has small units, and when she saw the number of older buyers, she built the units larger and made fewer of them, with fireplaces in the master bedroom suites and views oriented to the water.
The endangered species unit of the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation and the Palisades Park Commission are assisting with this investigation.
A resolution adopted at the closing session of the group's annual convention asked local branches to create coalitions and assist ''our Jewish counterparts in all areas of relevance to our communities, civil rights in general and human rights in particular.''
Mr. Tomizawa said that the chief of Copenhagen's criminal investigation force, Anamade Muller, expressed surprise when she was shown the evidence of pornographic material made in Denmark.
The nominees are Representative Tom Corcoran, an Illinois Republican who is retiring from the Congress, and Paul W. MacAvoy, dean of the Graduate School of Management at the University of Rochester and a member of President Ford's Council of Economic Advisers.
Missing $17 Million an Issue A chief issue in the creditors' suit against Mr. DeLorean concerns a missing $17 million contributed by investors, among them the Government of Britain, in the development stages of the DeLorean sports car.
has operations, and half of our employees are in Michigan,'' Bill Winters, a G.M.
any asset upon which principal or interest has been in default for a period of 90 days or more unless it is both well secured and in the process of collection.''
also scored on a 14-yard run by the rookie Eric Dickerson of the Rams, a 2-yard pass from Joe Montana of the 49ers to Andrews and a 23-yard field goal by Ali Haji-Sheikh of the Giants.
Jesse Jackson proclaim the Rev.
Bride and bridegroom graduated from Vanderbilt University.
Last week, troops were out in force again in Santiago and other cities to undercut efforts by the opposition to defy a state of siege and stage a general strike.
Somewhat paradoxically, those who accept the trust premise argue that the presence of such professionals, in the words of Miss Shapiro, ''provide a cover for white-collar criminals and inordinate opportunities to keep victimized investors unwitting.''
O.& M. reported revenues of $102.5 million, which was up 26.5 percent, from $81 million in the third quarter in 1983, while net income was $4.6 million, or 49 cents a share, compared to $2.8 million, or 32 cents a share.
And with the arrival of Jews to eminence, comfort and security in this New Zion, the need for Jewish ethnicity is apparently done.
''School officials have a certain control over the curriculum, but then it reaches a point of academic freedom.''
Nixdorf's push into America has taken several forms.
''The Americans have told us that what we do with the accord is our business,'' a high-ranking Lebanese official said.
This method has been successful, according to Dr. Fibish, because the students are disciplined and earnest about their studies.
The first trick was to make the method of amendment hard enough to require a national agreement over a period of time, but not so difficult as to lock in the status quo.
He then produced a play by Elliott Caplin, brother of the cartoonist Al Capp, and, finally, deserted the desserts business.
3 Have Endorsed Hart ''The Hispanic districts in Los Angeles County and the West Los Angeles districts that are heavily Jewish are going to be critical,'' Mr. Emerson said.
''He was revered around here,'' Mr. Hedden said.
Last summer, for example, Coleco officials said they would produce half a million Adam units by the end of 1983, but they finally shipped only 95,000.
The publication said it was believed that India would get the MIG-29's before the Soviet Air Force is fully equipped with them and before they are deployed with the Warsaw Pact forces.
But I'm not seriously concerned about its effect.
Each Presidential candidate will receive $40 million in public funds for his campaign.
The increase goes hand in hand with the expansion of the Taxi and Limousine Commission, which wants to triple its enforcement agents to help oversee the nonmedallion cabs.
Raise heat back to 425 degrees and broil for 2 more minutes.
'A Very Nervous Feeling' ''I get a very nervous feeling about it,'' said another analyst, who asked to remain unidentified.
The other performances are: Ida Kavafian, violinist, Nov. 3, and Israela Margalit, pianist, Dec. 8.
An article in the Sports section on Feb. 19 about Olympic 90-meter ski jumping incorrectly described theaward of a bronze medal in 1974 to Anders Haugen of the United States for his 1924 jumping.
When the President ordered the United States to be an accomplice in an act of war by helping to mine the harbors of Nicaragua, he went a little further out on the constitutional limb.
Mr. Lusinchi has imposed a series of austerity measures, including a reduction of 10 percent in government spending and a devaluation of the nation's currency, the bolivar, to 7.5 per dollar from the previous 4.3, where it had remained for two decades.
But the school failed to put together a program, so the Governor shifted the funds to the City University, at the urging of Queens political leaders.
Nobody snickered at a local car dealer's float that literalized his company's slogan by putting ''Baseball, hot dogs, apple pie and Chevrolets'' on wheels.
Unglorious Quest JONESTOWN EXPRESS, by James Reston Jr.; directed by Adrian Hall; production designed by Eugene Lee; musical director, Daniel Birnbaum; costume designer, William Lane; dances by Sharon Jenkins; properties, Sandra Nathanson; production stage manager, Maureen F. Gibson.
He will not campaign heavily in primaries, where he is unchallenged by Republicans, they said, but would follow a busier campaign schedule before the general election.
Also scheduled to appear at the theater this summer are Dionne Warwick (July 15) and Tina Turner (Aug. 23).
Two years were needed to record 1,200 hours of tape contained on 55 cassettes housed in binders which occupy only six inches of shelf space.
But with Michael Elliott's singularly intelligent direction and with an ideal supporting cast, Britain's Granada Television has managed to assemble an extraordinary recording of a legendary actor in one of the world's greatest and most difficult plays.
Dealing With the Deficits American officials say President Reagan will argue privately that his economic policies have many positive effects, but will acknowledge a few negative ones as well.
Italy formally asked the Vatican to put the Italian business of the Vatican bank under Italian regulation.
Source of Possible Funds Another teacher, Martha Pepe, who has a first grade class at Public School 327 in Brooklyn, said: ''Money for education is drying up and business hopefully will be one of our resources in the future.''
To the Editor: Joan Gage's article about the evening stroll in Greece, ''Peripato - Greek Life on Parade'' (Travel, Dec. 11) brought back fond memories.
''We wouldn't bring anything to the party,'' he said.
''I am impressed by his punching power, '' Dundee said, '' but he has so many facets.
A LTHOUGH GENerally highly regarded in the religious communities, the foundation is not without its critics.
The President didn't know about it.''
More Material to Be IssuedWhile many details of the Treasury's plan had been disclosed by Administration officials, the entire sweep of the proposal was not apparent until the 262- page ''overview'' was made public today.
The appeals court required the company to give each employee six months' back pay, as well as a reinstatement offer that would remain valid for four years.
Steel production fell to 2,099,000 tons in the week ended last Friday, a decrease of nine-tenths of 1 percent from the previous week's 2,118,000 tons, the American Iron and Steel Institute said yesterday.
Said Duke Hust, senior vice president at Dean Witter Reynolds: ''You have to be high on the ego scale, high on the drive scale and high on the empathy scale.
Arbour and Sather will be on opposite benches, as they were last spring when the Oilers and Islanders opposed each other in the Stanley Cup finals.
The Harkness has previously served as a base for the Navy mine warfare team and is expected to assist in search operations.
Dr. Lewis is a professor of psychiatry and family practice at the Southwestern Medical School of the University of Texas at Dallas.
Her record time will not be recognized because South Africa has been suspended by the International Amateur Athletic Federation, the world governing body of track and field.
Growing up in the family of the mobster Sam Giancana.
The parents want them regarded as normal youngsters.
But to insure that railroads survive into the 21st century as a viable, free- enterprise industry, we need to reduce wages and benefits to railroad employees, eliminate all work rules that inhibit increasing productivity and reduce the number of employees throughout the railroad system by at least 30 percent.
She is living with Col. Charlie King (David Ackroyd), and their relationship is severely strained when he is named to a top executive position on the shuttle operation.
Campaigns and Coups ''Miami's become a hub for a lot of things,'' says George DePontis, a political consultant who has advised Democratic politicians and Caribbean leaders on campaign strategy.
He added, ''The timing of his guilty plea makes it even harder to pick a fair jury.''
Many of those 100 were found working as interns and residents in hospitals around the United States, and a few had actually received licenses to practice medicine.
Charges were brought against her in 1978, after her fiance suddenly died and a medical examiner found traces of arsenic in his liver.
Arnold Schoenberg wrote of his sudden realization that he had no idea what was going on in some of his favorite Schubert songs, a state of affairs that did not distress him.
If the long-term lease is approved, and Mr. Chernow is optimistic that it will be, there is already an anonymous matching grant of $400,000 for a new auditorium as well as talk of converting the gymnasium to a year- round exhibition gallery.
'' At a table at the corner of 42d Street and Eighth Avenue, not far from pornographic movie houses and next to a sidewalk preacher, Deborah Bergman, a 22-year-old waitress, was wearing the uniform of the day.
'' Why didn't she shriek this?
Some work for fees only; others only for a commission on the products they sell; and still others charge a basic fee but collect commissions when they sell financial products.
The editorial also invoked Mao Zedong to buttress its position.
Work programs for prisoners both behind and outside of prison walls have long been used in Connecticut and elsewhere.
Crown Zellerbach did not welcome the move.
British Jet's Close Call In the British case, which occurred 10 months after the Air India disaster, the captain's attitude indicator did not register the nose-up maneuver of a 747 jumbo taking off from Zurich.
''Deer can jump through a gap only 10 or 12 inches from top to bottom,'' Mr. McAninch said.
Contemporary Repertory Stressed Special attention will be given to contemporary repertory.
When President Reagan took office, he championed an approach to tax policy that greatly expanded incentives for specific types of business investment.
Two others deal with two nude men, one covering his face in a convulsive gesture, and a woman in an armchair.
But of course, the N.F.L.
To me, the big news of the summer is that the trout aren't biting in the White River - not at anything I've offered them anyway.
Second, the courts must also insist that the magistrate purport to ''perform his 'neutral and detached' function and not serve merely as a rubber stamp for the police.''
Even women who are trained in self-defense, however, are cautious about when to try it.
The bill also creates a new Family Court.
- An agreement to begin construction of the shelters for the missiles on schedule, and an agreement in principle to install all of them - but subject to final approval in two years.
In a country where women were supposed to stay at home, she literally parlayed sex into power.
Thirty years ago - in 1955 - John Marquand made a brilliant beginning on this task with ''Sincerely, Willis Wayde,'' a novel that did not receive the attention it deserved from being, I think, too fully abreast of its time.
The four other listed companies are much smaller.
Before that, he was chief of the Jordanian Intelligence Service for eight years.
This sounds inviting, especially for someone who does not expect to live in the house for more than four or five years.
Then President Reagan, in his acceptance address, characterized the Democrats' idea of government as pessimism, fear and limits, contrasted with the Republican idea of hope, confidence and growth.
''Soviet Jews'' and ''Hidden Lives'' are considerably less ambitious than the museum's current centerpiece, ''Kings and Citizens: The History of the Jews in Denmark'' (also through Feb. 20).
Forecasters in Montana said four or more feet of snow were expected in the southern part of the state by Thursday, with powerful winds producing blizzard conditions.
Yet though 9 of the city's 32 districts now have fewer than 15,000 students, the minimum, there have been no boundary changes in a decade.
The year before its sale to Affiliated, the New England Press Association had named the paper the best small daily in the region.
Under the reorganization, announced last November, stock in the new company will be owned by 47 members of Cone management, the banks financing the transaction and an employee stock ownership plan.
''He should be there without The Old Commish at his side.
However, the utility will have to begin cutting back its use of the oil in 1986.
So it is not surprising that the Chamber Music Society of Lincoln Center is starting the salute Sunday with a weeklong festival called ''J.
Before the age of 10, these children had known bitter civil war, baffling American bombing and the complete collapse of moral order.
With the gallery show in Millburn in the offing, however, she chose not to quibble over terms.
He clearly enjoys having a bit of fun at the expense of life's more absurd pomposities, and Rumpole serves him well.
The track bicycles are as light as 14 pounds and have one gear and no brakes.
Dr. Press said the academy's Institute of Medicine was organizing an international symposium on the medical aspects of nuclear war for early next year.
I'll try to hook up with someone soon.''
However, he did not sign the Chief Justice's opinion, warning in his separate concurring opinion, ''Careless invocations of 'deference' run the risk of returning us to the passivity of several decades ago, when the then-prevailing barbarism and squalor of many prisons were met with a judicial blind eye and a 'hands- off' approach.''
He said his own portfolio included many of the stocks in the fund, as well as shares of the fund.
White House and the Truth.
The release of the document came amid increasing criticism from Government and Congressional air safety experts over the surveillance of airline operations by the aviation agency.
Within a 300-yard radius of the plantation house a visitor will also find the tomb of George and Martha Washington.
The disclosure report showed that this year Mrs. Ferraro has had two other transactions with Frajo Associates Inc., a real estate investment concern owned by Mr. Zaccaro and his mother, Rose Zaccaro.
The tests took place 250 miles southeast of Galveston, Tex.
At one point he spoke of ''our sense of belonging to one nation, which, by the grace of God, will withstand the forces of evil and aggression and the designs of expansion and hegemony.''
Dr. Lloyd W. McCorkle, Commissioner of New Jersey's corrections system from 1963 to 1971 and a professor at the John Jay College of Criminal Justice until last December, died of cancer Tuesday at his home in Titusville, N.J.
As a result, the Cubs took over first place in the National League East by half a game over the Mets.
''We have a State University of New Jersey,'' Dr. T. Edward Hollander, the State Chancellor of Higher Education, said.
As openly nostalgic as they are, Borgia and Drucker are thrilled with the present game: high salaries, even for officials; television; beautiful arenas; and smarter fans.
The band, which has improved through many personnel changes, gave her windblown scenarios a dramatic emotional sweep, with thickly layered guitars and keyboards interspersed with wailing saxophone solos.
''I am a working woman and a committed feminist,'' said Gillian Martin Sorenson, the City Commissioner for the United Nations, ''and I support Gary Hart because he's had strong and consistent stands on women's issues.''
Such a development would make laser turntables competitive in cost with high-quality record players of the conventional kind.
Here, in a 7,800-acre forest owned by the Yale University School of Forestry and Environmental Studies, 350 hunters have been allowed into the woods for five weeks, until Dec. 19, to thin what Yale officials say is an overpopulation of deer that are destroying seedlings and endangering the regeneration of this outdoor laboratory and preserve.
Imagine an American critic writing about ''The Real Thing'' - or anything - ''I was hit for a home run!''
Now it belongs to us and we are inviting people from abroad to join in the benefits.''
(Radio - WRHU-FM, 88.7; 9 P.M.); St. Francis of Brooklyn vs. Long Island University, E.C.A.C.
All wear high plumed helmets with big cheek guards.
'' Mrs. Dinkins said, describing how Mr. Smith had offered her the department's No.
Critics have been bandying about generic descriptions like cowpunk, techno-country, and prairie modern, but no single term really describes the music of all these bands.
Meanwhile, students whose protests have touched off a rapidly building confrontation between church and state set off tonight for Czestochowa to pray to the Black Madonna, the nation's most revered icon, that the crucifixes be put back up.
The committee, which suggested the United States no longer support Nicaraguan rebels as a way to stop the arms shipments, said in a report that ''a major portion of the arms and other material sent by Cuba and other Communist countries to the Salvadoran insurgents transits Nicaragua with the permission and assistance of the Sandinists.''
With a swift, surprising, yet marvellously logical shift of perspective, Pinter reminds us of what we should have realized before, that human prizes can only award themselves.
I'll take it from a guy, but from women, sometimes, it just doesn't fit too well.''
''Conventions have a core audience of news freaks,'' said Mr. Poltrack, ''so they have to have a flamboyant aspect to bring in some extra viewers.
It seems hard to deny that there are players who seem, willy-nilly, to provide certain other players with brilliancy prizes.
In common with her subject, she is most effective when singing the blues, as in her lowdown rendition of one of Miss Washington's trademark numbers, ''Evil Gal Blues.''
Union Amendment Offered The bankruptcy package is now stalled in the Senate, where Senator Bob Packwood, Republican of Oregon, has offered a union amendment.
''Andres is the type of player against whom the result depends more on him than you,'' said Lendl.
Dealing with ''stars and starlets, tycoons and flesh-peddlers, moviemakers and moneymakers, frauds and geniuses, hopefuls and has-beens, great lovers and sex symbols'' - to quote Garson Kanin's descriptive subtitle - this look at the Hollywood of yesteryear by the prolific stage and screen writer and director invites nostalgia (more so today, 10 years after its original publication) even as it documents Hollywood's golden years when it turned out stars who were really stars.
But for a while at least, class reunions seem to defy the laws of mortality.
''Because I think it's fun - giving speeches is not usually fun,'' he said from his Brooklyn home.
The House approved by voice vote an amendment by Representative Silvio O. Conte, Republican of Massachusetts, to a continuing budget resolution that would extend current fund levels for a host of Government agencies that lack regular appropriations for fiscal 1985, which starts Oct. 1.
The judge, Jorge Torlasco, said in an interview here that the civilian court would use the military code of justice.
''He is just as good on grass, they tell me,'' Macero said.
Some of his television ads showed a pack of bloodhounds chasing the incumbent up a tree.
It has left unchanged the most common such rule: As long as estimated payments, including withholding, equal at least 80 percent of the tax that is due, no penalty is assessed.
As the group of volunteers wandered from floor to floor last week, the residents seemed to glow with excitement, awaiting the chance to tell pieces of their life stories.
The inclusion of such proposals in the commission's report is significant, however - for the first time, the state's banking interests have publicly conceded that deregulation has caused hardship for individuals with low-balance accounts.
West would have to provide a defensive tricks in one of the other suits.
It has not been for lack of trying.
Admission is $15 Saturday and $25 Monday, with a paddock, or pit, pass $5 additional.
The child is slightly enlarged and long.''
Judy Garland is alone on stage with the Mort Lindsey Orchestra in both of these videotape recordings of television shows.
Most matzohs are $1.14 for a pound box.
Carter Hawley Hale seems to be able to block The Limited's bid.
One White House official said on Tuesday that Mr. Reagan's meeting today would be important because it would set the tone for interagency discussions in coming weeks, both on policy and on personnel.
recruiting film, because that's what it is.''
Adam Lewis performed the ceremony at Christ Episcopal Church, Christiana Hundred.
He said the airline will add other cities, and hopes to create other hubs such as its Newark operation.
These are the fans who have endured 20 years of rebuilding plans, of new regimes, of false hopes.
''We find we're competing for players with Ivy League schools,'' Bob Goldsholl, the school's director of sports information, said the other day, suggesting that N.Y.U.
However, Senator Simpson said the Senate conferees could not accept it because it would ''chart an unprecedented course in civil rights law,'' granting greater protection to aliens, in his view, than citizens have.
Much of the action today is actually along Route 495, a highway that loops to the west of 128.
Until about 1965, swans were rare in Connecticut.
Mr. Lupkin declined to comment on whether Mr. Wyatt was cooperating with authorities in their continuing investigation into the scope of the graft.
Western reporters at the reception in the Kremlin said he met each guest with a cordial handclasp, but did not appear to engage in the personal diplomacy that Mr. Andropov practiced when he performed the same duty 15 months earlier.
Joseph F. Dash, the senior vice president and general manager of CBS Masterworks, refused to comment about the terms of the contract.
At his death, Mr. Samuels was president and chief operating officer of the North American Soccer League as well as a partner in the Alexander Proudfoot Company, a management consulting firm based in Chicago.
If John Kemp, the protagonist of ''Jill,'' foreshadows the plainspoken and willfully unheroic people of Mr. Larkin's later poetry, however, he also - sad to say - recalls a host of other, sensitive and rather faceless adolescent heros.
The next opponent for Connors will be Dan Saltz, who upset John Fitzgerald.
Citicorp sold $100 million of 91-day commercial paper at an average rate of 9.677 percent, up from 9.638 percent a week ago.
The condemned man then winked at his minister, the Rev.
And merchandising, buying and advertising have moved back to the central office in Chicago from the field.
FUND-RAISING UNITS In 1982-83, the most recent year for which figures are available, Twig raised $430,000 for United Hospital in Port Chester, including $270,000 from the Westchester Golf Classic, the annual Professional Golfers' Association summer tournament that grew out of a Twig fund-raiser many years ago.
We are ready to cooperate in the interests of strengthening international security.
A four-day trip on the Hell's Canyon portion of the Snake cost $485 this year, including transportation from and to Boise.
Many are expensive, late-model cars, and nearly all had been reported stolen by their owners.
No one wants to vote for more taxes of any type.''
Oh, the Dolphins had set all of south Florida on its ear when they won a couple of Super Bowls in the 1970's, one that capped a season in which they didn't lose a game.
The reason is that the N.C.A.A.
Who should regulate their activities?
Last year there was a unified demonstration in Paris involving tens of thousands.
La Cabana del Gaucho (7-5754) serves Argentine- style grilled meats ($35 for two).
The McManuses' eight-room English Cottage-style house, just 200 yards from the grounds of the Westchester Country Club, is almost like a second home to the golfer and his wife.
Mr. Solomon said the incident was a reult of a labor dispute and that he intended to leave the dummy on the flagpole.
William F. Swindler, an author and a leading scholar of the history of the United States Constitution and of constitutional law, died Saturday at his home.
Lloyds was the only British bank among the 11 and Monday is Malvinas Day in Argentina, marking the 1982 war that Argentina fought and lost to Britain over the Falkland Islands, known as the Malvinas in Argentina.
''If it had been, hypothetically, Kansas City, which needs starting pitchers, we would have protected Seaver.''
Most of the details of the theft and recovery of a shade from that lamp - the rest of the art works stolen have not been recovered - are still unknown.
He said the report would be available Monday.
Now, that's not how you'd treat people on the outside.''
''First of all, they don't have anything they want to give him.
''The whole issue has spurred me on to syndicate the column,'' he said.
As clerks and economists of the Commerce Department's Bureau of Economic Analysis obtain figures for subsequent months, they revise the estimate to take the later data into account.
Mr. Barone is one of a rapidly increasing number of people who are turning to the Better Business Bureau's arbitration program to settle consumer complaints that might otherwise go to court.
They keep the dollars they receive.
But it sharply restricts Chile's maritime privileges in the Cape Horn area.
By contrast, the Grand'Place, which has always been the city's greatest glory, is becoming even more attractive as more entry streets are confined to pedestrians, reducing the flow of traffic through Europe's finest medieval square.
''In its range of eating spots, as well as in many other ways, Princeton is not an ideal college town.
I believe in the therapeutic function that theater can have.''
In the film, praised as witty and entertaining, she plays a woman who likes relationships with men - lots of them - and likes to keep all of them more or less under her control.
He says things were worse several years ago when his paper lost 50 advertisers.
Mr. Serban and his designer, Sally Jacobs, chose instead to set all the action within what looked like a cross between the Globe Theater and a Kabuki stage.
''And there is a strong possibility that somebody would get seriously hurt.
Mr. Hamilton's proposal would also set several conditions, including a plea to the United Nations for intervention in the Middle East and a renewed effort for negotiations.
The increase, he said, reflected the Reagan Administration's emphasis on the prosecution of drug offenders.
It was bright blue and bright green.
Until that time, sales had grown steadily, if slowly.
''It's one of the things that keeps you from sleeping at night,'' said Thomas Wilcox, the headmaster of Concord Academy in Concord, Mass.
Richard K. Beebe, a United Church of Christ minister, performed the ceremony at the Park Hill Meeting House in Westmoreland, N.H. Margaret Anderson was her sister's matron of honor.
- remind me of an incident when I was teaching a course called ''Novels Into Films.''
Letters for publication should include the writer's name, address and telephone number.
-day is the day on which a military attack or other important operation is to take place, and especially refers to June 6, 1944, when the Allied invasion of Western Europe started during World War II.
KxN would have been unpleasant for Black after 21 B-R6ch, K-R1; 22 Q-N5, Q-N1; 23 QxP, R-K1; 24 P-N5, Kogan ventured 20 .
But, she said, ''I was really basically pleased with it.
Her father is president and owner of the Federal Companies of Cleveland, a privately held concern dealing primarily in real estate.
John J. Phelan Jr., born and bred a stock exchange specialist, Wall Street's quintessential inside man, moved onto center stage yesterday as he officially took over as chairman and chief executive of the New York Stock Exchange.
As to the fate of the Americans in Beirut, the United States Embassy evacuated another 48 officials and temporary workers today, in addition to the last dependent.
''I always get a wonderful sense of anticipation going out to their theater.
Some of the Treasury's changes would be effective next year.
Comdata, which is the optional service most requested by Telerate subscribers, is furnished by the Technical Data Corporation, a Boston investment advisory service.
On the other hand, Vito A. Turso of the sanitation agency said: ''Are you talking about a flurry of activity in the department?
Ellis Haizlip, an independent television producer and a first cousin of Dr. Haizlip, served as the chronicler.
In Washington State, opinion polls have indicated that Gov.
Leonard Lomell and Staff Sgt.
In reading a biography of Mr. Kovacs, Bruce Sallan, executive producer of movies for ABC, discovered a little-known incident involving a battle between Mr. Kovacs and his first wife for custody of their two young daughters.
The 62-year-old Mr. Rank should have some idea about what farmers want, or at least what cotton, wheat, and fruit farmers in central California want.
He went on to suggest that we might try our hand on a statement of the importance of General Dynamics to the national defense as well as a statement of how the problems had arisen.
The Government must remember, however, that quotas will hurt the consumer.''
Additional titles of interest: NOTHING STICKS LIKE A SHADOW.
The law in question is the Military Selective Service Act of 1982 requiring 18-year-old men to register with the Selective Service.
But if independence were phased in, say, over a period of 30 years, with ironclad assurances of economic and military security, that would be another matter.
''I'm reacting to the owner's philosophy.
The more striking of the pair is a spirited, light-textured original instruments reading, featuring Stephen Hammer as the oboe and oboe d'amore soloist with Joshua Rifkin's Boston-based Bach Ensemble (Pro Arte PAD-153).
For example, he recently overruled a decision by the Department of Investigation that the planned dismissal of Joan Stake, a Human Resources official who criticized her bosses, could go ahead.
Therefore, the Court of Appeals ruled, President Reagan lacked statutory authority to reimpose the travel restrictions in 1982 unless he followed the requirements of the new law, including consultation with Congress and a declaration of a new national emergency.
The same should be true again, with Lawton providing his share.
A translator said that he was telling them what they were doing wrong or right and what to be prepared for in the next inning.
Ruled Out New York She has ruled out the New York City Marathon.
Cordero was cited for his ride aboard Ask Muhammad, who bumped another horse, forcing it in turn to bump a third horse during the eighth race.
The performance puppetry of Theodora Skipitares is an American version of Bunraku crossbred with tabletop tableaux such as one might encounter behind glass in the Museum of Natural History.
He leaves most day-to-day operations to William T. Gross, his executive vice president, who supervises engineering, manufacturing activities and general plant operations and is in full charge when Mr. Worsham is traveling, which is about 80 percent of the time.
A senior Defense Department official said the Administration was considering a variety of responses to the delivery of the helicopters because they could have an important impact on the military balance in Central America.
A little book work confirmed that cardinals practice co-parenting, mother and father sharing in the upbringing of as many as four broods each summer.
Another is relating the earnings-dividend path to the company's stock multiple and comparing that with the market's overall multiple.
His opponent, from Indianapolis, has a record of 13-5-1.
The volatility partly reflected end-of-the-month factors, he added.
If he can work it, Mr. Reagan could have an earlier summit meeting, and there would be no Democratic obligation to retain the same envoy.
Although university presidents may draft their own public statements, they dare not issue them until they have been approved by dozens of colleagues sensitive to the concerns of the university's various constituencies.
The search was expected to be confined largely to the top 50 banks in the world as the only institutions that could afford to purchase a bank the size of Continental, which has $40 billion in assets.
Meanwhile, Representative George Hansen, convicted of filing false financial disclosure statements, eked out a victory over Don Adamson, a 32-year- old county prosecutor, to win the Republican nomination to a seventh term in the House.
Judges at the meeting said the questions often helped jurors understand basic court jargon and procedures.
I am, however, no Hamlet when it comes to most sartorial decisions.
Sixty have reading problems, 20 have mild to moderate learning disabilities.
Once the Postal Service and the unions have agreed on arbitrators, the panels will have 45 days to hear evidence from the parties and draft terms of a new contract.
*Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
A pity, especially for visitors, because no one on vacation wants to eat grandly every day (even if he or she could afford it), and foreigners would like to sample the local fare.
Letters of Censure He said letters of censure would be sent to the architectural firm for the project and to the general contractor that was in charge of construction.
In the showcase sports of track and field, swimming, boxing, gymnastics and basketball, some parts would have been the same and some surely would have been different.
The competition begins Wednesday with interviews with the judges and preliminary rounds.
Nor will these evasions put an end to the questions about philosophy and responsibility that Mr. Jackson terms harassment.
Murrow, in a 10-year-old building at 1600 Avenue L, in the heart of Flatbush, is affectionally called ''the country club'' by its 2,782 students.
Mr. Klein said he expected the suits would not come to trial for two years.
The Gipper or the Speaker?
In turn, his proposed amendment has angered City Hall and New York's Congressional delegation, sent jitters through the lending and investment communities and the construction trades unions, and increased the brickbats that the city and New Jersey have been tossing at each other lately.
Walter F. Mondale portrayed the tax increases he proposed Monday as a program that would primarily affect the wealthy, while leaving the ''average income family'' alone.
But he has been closely associated with Vienna, its State Opera and this orchestra (which, when it isn't giving concerts with a portion of its large membership, is playing in the opera house pit).
''I was and am chief executive officer,'' he said.
That said, Mr. Zukerman's playing too often strikes this listener as slick and dispassionate, and if he had any strong feelings about the music he was playing Thursday night, he kept them to himself.
Mr. Melamed especially admires the Kyrie of this abbreviated Mass.
Last Friday, Congress authorized an increase that more than doubles the amount allocated for child-protection programs.
A number of the tiles that are close to walls that are not tiled have gotten smeared with paint.
This joust has now deprived what amounts to a whole athletic generation of truly Olympic tests.
One of Mr. Shagari's most controversial decisions was the sudden expulsion last January of over two million West Africans working illegally in Nigeria.
The cheapest per diem is $118 a person for an inside cabin with two lower berths on the Danae.
But while the fair has been promising local officials that it will pump $2.6 billion into the economy, only two weeks ago promoters had to plead with the Louisiana Legislature and Gov.
The actions that the town has taken to handle its responsibility for the disposal of solid waste (garbage) demonstrates Oyster Bay's leadership position in responding to environmental concerns associated with refuse disposal.
But, surprisingly, the research suggests that the training does not tend to occur in the first six years of life, as many theorists and parents had assumed.
Mr. Jackson led in the popular vote with 6,061.
Before leaving Missouri to return to Washington, Mr. Reagan showed anger when reporters asked about Mr. Mondale's assertion that he had given the world ''jitters'' about his off-the-record joke about bombing the Russians.
''The entire recovery was caused by the Fed,'' said Roger C. Altman, a managing director at Lehman Brothers Kuhn Loeb, who was an Assistant Treasury Secretary in the Carter Administration.
While more subway cars would be rehabilitated, fewer stations would be.
A Michael Taylor chaise is $4,239, an ottoman $2,137; a Rose Tarlow silk-covered chair is $2,900, and the carved four-poster bed by Waldo on the mezzanine is $5,400.
The intruders also left a note advising Novosti to cease publication.
The 33.3 percent of the vote Sunday, however, was not the largest share the Communists have received in a national election.
In his radio broadcast, Mr. Gandhi said: ''Nothing would hurt the soul of our beloved Indira Gandhi more than the occurrence of violence in any part of the country.
The postmistress who delivered letters from management urging the miners to return to work needed a police escort.
Citicorp will not disclose figures on the number of customers using Citidollars, Miss Weeks of the bank said, adding, ''But we definitely found it encourages people to use their cards more.''
When Mr. Cornwell steps back into the clearing, the book can be rewarding.
At that point, Miss Lange said ''Country'' seemed doomed.
Anne Klein II and Portfolio are the fast-moving sportswear lines.
The show runs through Jan. 20, with performances at 8 P.M. Tuesday through Saturday, 2 and 7:30 P.M. Sunday, matinees at 2 P.M. on Jan.5, 9 and 19, and at noon on Jan. 16.
The amount of the credit reduces the tax liability in the year of purchase.
The loose coils of flyline lying on the deck must go through the rod's guides without snarling as the fish makes its initial run.
Defense Issues Up Corning Glass Works slipped 1 1/8, to 64 7/8, following the news Wednesday that it would take an after-tax charge of $13.2 million against third-quarter earnings because of the repositioning of its North American sunglasses business.
The Don of All Souls is certainly at his Elizabethan best as he regales us through the west country of Somerset as he has on other occasions, in The New York Times, carried us through his beloved Oxford.
''I think we've put on the best possible presentation'' to the jury, he said, adding, ''I'd like to keep going.''
This spring, he came to the attention of the Army coach, Jim Young, who watched him play football and took a liking to the way Black made defenders blue.
By then, of course, Walt Alston was established as one of baseball's best managers.
The construction is providing new classrooms, lecture halls, libraries, laboratories, theaters, gymnasiums and student lounges, as well as faculty offices.
Post offices - Open; regular schedules.
After all of his masterful recent performances, Bernard King became human at an inopportune time here this afternoon.
The comment was overheard by one of Mr. Sharon's lawyers, Richard M. Goldstein, who retorted, ''It shows they had no case.''
''For example,'' Dr. Lewis said, ''it would be inappropriate to use our criteria to define well-functioning families in underdeveloped countries, or even in the Texas culture of 100 years ago.
''The deceleration in the rate of population growth has been a slow process,'' he said, adding that ''unless the current momentum to reduce fertility is maintained, there is a probablity that the population growth rate may even increase during the remainder of this century.''
Neglected Lessons In ''The Pursuit of Power,'' his magisterial survey of technology, armed force and society since A.D. 1000, which has now been reissued in paperback by Chicago, William H. McNeill points out how slow European military thinkers in the later 19th century were to grasp the lesson of American experience.
Storer Communications Inc. said it had signed contracts to sell four cable television systems in California and Texas for $18.5 million.
The pain he has had because of the disk is in his pushoff leg, and you don't want him out there pushing and twisting.''
''A MIDSUMMER NIGHT'S DREAM'' is a kind of artistic Rorschach test for theater companies.
Yet, could there be any truly happy ending to this tale if ''Faerie Tale Theater'' was telecast and then vanished, like so many other worthy but evanescent things on television?
Linda Joy Keyes, the daughter of Dr. and Mrs. Macey H. Keyes of Miami, was married yesterday to Dr. David Jon Levens, a son of Mr. and Mrs. Edward Bertrand Levens of Newton Centre, Mass.
in English and that D.C. is the equivalent of A.D.) The museum is best known for its first-floor exhibits - comprehensive displays of ceramic utensils and artwork and musical instruments, stone carvings and masks and ancient ruins representing Indian gods.
It would have been desirable for Black to exchange the powerful white KB.
MICHAEL SPECTER holds a Henry R. Luce Fellowship and is a correspondent for The Far Eastern Economic Review.
''That is not true,'' Smith said.
The military advice of the Joint Chiefs of Staff on immediate issues has been marked by restraint.
But that is far from the case.
But Diane hung back on the fringes.
This educational system, and the children it serves, must continue to prosper and grow in knowledge, wisdom and humanity.
Although less than perfect, the fact is that this film provides the viewer with a beautiful, provocative and even erotic story, most sensitively played by its three principals, Barbra Streisand, Mandy Patinkin and Amy Irving.
A step in defining the cause of AIDS was reported by scientists at the University of California at Davis.
Although there was an announcement that people should get out of the way because the plane was going to be turned around, some failed to heed the warning.
Bru eres-Allichamps has for years been making money from tourists, who come to see the Roman-era stone stele that was moved in 1799 to the town's only crossroads to mark what was supposed to be the middle of France.
The Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Public Corporation has filed a registration statement for the sale of $150 million of guaranteed notes due in 1994 through underwriters led by Goldman, Sachs & Company.
According to Government and industry figures, four countries - Taiwan, Korea, Japan and China - and the colony of Hong Kong together supply nearly 60 percent of the textiles and apparel imported by the United States.
The supporters of aid to the insurgents argued that it was vital to prevent Central America from becoming Communist.
We have reached agreements to improve our hotline, extend our 10-year economic agreement, enhance consular cooperation and explore coordination of search and rescue efforts at sea.
Mr. Begley, who is in Kansas City, Mo., had his own plan.
It is a knowledgeable piece of work.
Richard J. Ford 3d found he couldn't deal with the Fourth of July - the sound of firecrackers made him pick up his .22.
The scholars also cited figures showing that college and university faculty members have ''lost approximately 20 percent of their purchasing power in the last decade,'' and it noted that the proportion of faculty who teach on a part-time, as opposed to a full-time, basis, has increased to 41 percent in 1980 from 23 percent in 1966.
He said his arrival, along with the announcement of the commission, was to dramatize his commitment to ending right-wing political killings in this country after almost five years of civil war.
Jesse Jackson concerning remarks by Louis Farrakhan, issued here today by Walter E. Fauntroy, a Jackson adviser: My staff in Washington has now briefed me on Minister Farrakhan's comments in his most recent speech.
Holy Cross must first get past Murry Bergtraum (24-1), the P.S.A.L.
Khat consumers are identifiable by their green- stained teeth and red eyes.
Please include name and address.
- Lists of who would attend which meetings, luncheons and dinners.
That she did, in a kind of 50's shuffle, expending enough energy to work up a sweat, tiring a bit too quickly.
This one is within the Democratic Party, among people mystified that a candidate and organization once regarded as the most disciplined and efficient in recent political history was off to such a fumbling start.