Our role is to provide visiting presidential candidates with television studios and lots of rich people willing to have their pockets picked.
Shares of 99 Cents Only Stores plunged $6.38, to $14.10.
These payments can reduce a company's reported expenses or increase revenue.
The mikvah is primarily used in the United States by Orthodox Jewish women in accord with family purity laws requiring that married women bathe to spiritually cleanse themselves after their menstrual cycles and before their weddings.
L. HOWARD FOX STUDIO THEATER ''TheaterFest Regional Playwriting Festival.''
I'm not saying the nonrich can't amount to anything: look at my homies Richard Nixon and Bill Clinton.
He also stepped down as a board member.
he asked the hunched man.
"There is still a healthy demand for machinists, and they command good pay.
BARBARA ALLEN KENNEY Atlanta, March 14, 2004
The offense is fine because Daunte Culpepper leads the league in completion percentage (73.3), touchdown passes (19) and passer rating (124).
KHRUSHCHEV: The Man and His Era, by William Taubman.
Her remarks prompted the government's chief scientific adviser, Sir David King, to warn that time is running out.
Rather, do everything slowly and gradually.
As a result, residential streets have become filled with traffic and noise.
Many of the wounded here Wednesday had long waits for attention in the ill-lighted hospitals, which have begun -- with American financing -- to recover from years of neglect and from the looting and sabotage that followed the American capture of Baghdad.
JANE ** [Rating: Two Stars] (212) 254-7000; 100 West Houston Street (Thompson Street); $$; Review: 8/1/00.
The North was richer than the South just after the Korean War.
"This was no doubt well-intentioned and indeed useful," Dr. Wilkins wrote in his autobiography, "The Third Man of the Double Helix," but "one side effect was that Rosalind's male colleagues were to some extent demonized.
''There's this continued buzz out there that I do some of the things I do because I'm angry about the 2000 campaign,'' he said.
In 2000, an average of 30,000 cars a day crossed the Shinnecock Canal eastbound on Route 27, up from 23,000 a decade earlier, according to the State Department of Transportation.
Mr. Omiyi, 58, left, will become managing director of the Shell Petroleum Development Company of Nigeria on Sept. 1, the company said.
The Singleton family donated it to the school, but still retains control over who buys the house.
A 30-minute look behind the scenes begins by introducing people around the production office in Tokyo, where the movie was made, and proceeds on a hit-or-miss basis through some of the 27-day shoot in the relaxed manner of Ms. Coppola herself.
Relatives of the victims demanded punishment for the contractors.
''Make it $14,'' he quickly added.
''We had our lull, then got back on top, and we're having another lull right now.
He long ago gave up any hope of wining in South Carolina, a state where he once considered himself competitive, and many Democrats expect that Mr. Lieberman, barring an unexpected victory on Tuesday, will be the next candidate to get out of the race.
"Collectively speaking, this is probably as good as we've played."
But Slovakia is preparing to join the European Union this spring, and the government seemed worried enough about the potential for greater unrest that this week it quickly introduced several measures to soften the blow of the welfare cuts.
A Friendly Medicine Withdrawn Mr. Keating thought he had fouled it all up.
Advocates for Children sued the department in federal court earlier this year, on behalf of 21 children who had won hearing decisions that the city never carried out.
Retaining all three beyond their contracts will be a challenge for the Athletics, though Beane said: ''Who's to say it's a great business decision to sign all your players?
In 1910, when the pavilion was completed, Grant's Tomb received more visitors than the Statue of Liberty.
Across New Jersey, foster children have been sent for what were intended to be short-term stays in detention centers, psychiatric wards and shelters, yet have often remained in those settings long after judges, doctors and others agree that they are ready to be released.
It seems awfully unlikely that in the first presidential election since 9/11, against a president who has spent most of his administration carefully cultivating and reinforcing his role as commander in chief, the Democrats can regain the status as the party of national security, which they lost during the Vietnam War.
In the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual -- the American Psychiatric Association's compendium of mental disorders -- depression is divided into discrete categories.
They did things to us that I am unable to talk about.''
More than 2,100 users signed it.
Tomorrow at 1 p.m., "Investigating the Layers of History in Three Manhattan Neighborhoods: A Connoisseur's Walking Tour," a walking tour that visits the Bond Street area and SoHo; fee, $35 (includes a reception); reservations, (212) 894-1111.
She added that there would be ''no further comment from this office'' in deference to an investigation being led by Kevin L. Wright, the district attorney of Putnam County.
Investors often place too much emphasis on capital appreciation, he said, and too little on income.
SWIMMING Thompson Grabs a Victory The United States won 4 of the 10 finals on the third night of the World Short Course Championships yesterday in Indianapolis, giving the team victories in 14 of the 23 events so far in the 25-meter pool at Conseco Fieldhouse.
The sky is the basis of meditative works by Jill Baroff and Byron Kim.
Now, a pen, a wrench and a toddler's seat might not set consumer pulses racing.
But more important, they have been finding a whole new audience: 16- to-35-year-old men.
Al Sharpton, whose fiery oratory has excited the masses and terrified party leaders in the past, said that he was not instructed what to say in his speech on Wednesday, but that he got the message anyway.
''I go where Bobby goes, and he tells me what to do,'' Letterman said at a news conference Sunday night.
Although he now lives near Fort Greene Park, he maintains his painting studio on the ground floor of 79 Hudson Avenue -- the house from which, in 1872, John Lee warned others about his wife.
Sending in pages, in the era of e-mail?
''It's logical that they booed me,'' Contreras said through an interpreter.
Why inject snide comments that have nothing to do with the essay?
To order, the company may be reached at (803) 467-4122; for more information, www.ansonmills.com.
Every time I go there, I'm getting a check.''
An even higher rate among homeless children may not be surprising at first glance, though the authors of this study -- from Columbia University, the Children's Health Fund, Montefiore Medical Center and Albert Einstein College of Medicine -- say they were taken aback by the numbers.
The astronomers are already planning further observations to investigate the nature of the planet, known as TrES-1, after the search network.
Parmalat's inability to retrieve that money in the last couple of weeks helped bring about its failure.
Italian Cooking Q. I will be in Rome for a week in December and would like to attend cooking classes for two days only.
And so Prime Minister Allawi and his government, which fully understands that, are working with our generals on the ground to do just that.
James Yee, the former Muslim chaplain at Guantánamo, was arrested on suspicion of espionage, the military has dropped the charges.
That, to me, was the key."
They don't like this, but they know that if they complain, they risk losing their jobs."
Sitting in his apartment, Mr. Haynes looks the part he has been playing.
Open for lunch and dinner mid-March through November.
Mr. Rowland was invited to a conference held by W.R. Berkley in Florida from Jan. 23 to Jan. 27, according to a Feb. 6, 2003, letter from his legal counsel, Ross H. Garber, to Alan Plofsky, the executive director of the State Ethics Commission.
One municipal official has called on the county to stop the increase.
Can't happen here, you say; America is the land of competition that generates new technology to ensure a diversity of voices.
* The critical boilerplate on the 33-year-old artist is that her work is about the politics of identity; she is that outsider who experimentally drifts into other people's lives and slips on their skins.
But, she added, ''It was rare to have a biracial school.''
It is not good for the nation to ignore the jihad.
Chekhov's "Darling" is a story about a supremely unconscious woman who has no opinions about anything and lives only to be taken over by whatever man or boy she becomes attached to; in the end she is attached to nothing.
Gregory Green provides a small, inactivated nuclear weapon that can be made with materials from children's toys, using directions on the Internet.
Many health workers had long complained that their efforts to control AIDS lacked the same type of information that they received in a timely manner to battle every other infectious disease.
GIRLS ALLOWED The British troupe Cheek by Jowl returns to New York with a limited run of its fast-paced, extra-visceral "Othello."
Why should they pay attention to Koretz's letter?''
''Periodically I think about it, particularly around the holidays,'' Dr. Lieberman said of his impairment.
What I did see, however, within minutes of leaving the airport, was a kind of wildlife that had played no part in my childhood imaginings.
At various times, younger players sat at Thomas's knee as he shared tips on rushing the passer.
Hunger sparked many fist fights, and city officials said aid trucks were mobbed by residents before they could distribute the food they had brought.
MISSISSIPPI ST. 79, FLORIDA 68 Lawrence Roberts had 21 points and 14 rebounds for his 11th double-double of the season as the 19th-ranked Bulldogs (15-1, 4-1 Southeastern Conference) won on the road.
But the three Americans apparently took their job more seriously than the Kremlin schemers.
Williams took the pitch for Strike 3, and catcher Henry Blanco fired to third.
ImClone's shares fell sharply on news the company released later; prosecutors have charged that Ms. Stewart was tipped by Mr. Bacanovic to sell her shares because Dr. Waksal was trying to sell his own.
It was Mr. Tsvangirai's first foreign trip since Zimbabwe officials seized his passport and charged him with treason 32 months ago; he was acquitted on Oct. 15.
Of course, this makes the trial a delicious circumstance for those who relish schadenfreude.
Meanwhile, Ahmad Chalabi's resurgence is natural.
He played a leading role in their development as a Senate staff member and later as a member of the sentencing commission.
"I dream always of a Boston-Yankees series," said Jose Maldonado, a baseball coach whose youth league team, the Royals, played yesterday afternoon in the shadow of Yankee Stadium.
The ''abstract'' discussions about stretching the bounds of the law on torture and interrogation were never made available to ''soldiers in the field, nor to the president,'' Mr. Gonzales said.
For Nhork Kimhor, the road to Athens began with a sound he remembers as "Pung!"
Mr. Quijano said he had been happy to pay the agent 6 percent of that: $48,000.
Devoted and beloved mother of Michael and Carole, Chester and Kathy, Amy and Alan Goodstein.
We don't buy it, either.
"They're coming out of the woodwork," said Ms. Kaminsky, 30, a member since March.
In addition, there are good transportation options, with major highways and quick access to Manhattan by the Long Island Rail Road.
This state interest applies to all who wish their unions to be recognized under the authority of New York State law, whether heterosexual or parties of the same sex.''
He tracked 403 to specific locations: 42 percent were American Indian sites, 33 percent nontribal sites in the United States and 25 percent foreign-based.
One hunter, Anthony Cali, 36, of Cedar Grove, said he was disappointed by the ruling yesterday.
Jeffrey, in Manhattan, may have Manolos, Murano glass and a D.J.
The Petersen family, which also includes Drew's father, Joe, an automotive technician, and 6-year-old brother, Erik, live in Oradell, N.J. Drew, an engaging youngster with a wide smile and dimpled chin, said he did not get nervous because he loved performing.
In lieu of my making a caustic remark about Florida's idiosyncratic method of tallying (or not tallying) certain votes, insert your own joke here.
That you don't is no fault of the cast, which also includes a wry Kaitlin Hopkins as two sharp-edged women who may or may not be real.
In July, United skipped a quarterly pension payment, and said it did not plan to make additional contributions while it remained in bankruptcy, the first sign that it planned to terminate its four employee plans.
The league is renegotiating its television contracts to adjust to the changes in teams.
Yet the bar mitzvah is supposed to be a milestone, a rite of passage.
Later in the conversation, Mr. Travis retracted that.
Morgan Stanley filed a countersuit last May accusing LVMH and its chairman, Mr. Arnault, of instigating an ''unjust and abusive procedure'' against it and demanding 10 million euros in damages and the publication of a final court verdict, which it assumed would be in its favor, in 20 newspapers and magazines.
Bank of America Settles Enron Suit Bank of America agreed to pay $69 million to settle a suit by Enron investors over the bank's role as underwriter for some debt offerings.
''It was whether or not he was giving this guy perks.''
All cities, understandably, primp for big events.
Feeling a tap on his shoulder, he wheels around and wrestles an old man with wings into a headlock.
(This production keeps four good-looking young men circulating in various hero-tempting roles.)
Mattioli, 79, a former dentist who built the track nearly 40 years ago on what had been a spinach farm, is trying to have a cloverleaf put in off Interstate 80 that would bring in even more fans from New Jersey and New York.
''No doubt in my mind.''
''The longstanding problems of agricultural subsidies are slowly but surely lurching towards a solution.''
And convention delegates seeking, maybe, a little perspective on election year 2004 can sample their variety just by walking the city's streets, stopping by its museums and galleries, or traveling to towns like Concord and points beyond, where potent, demanding spirits from the past live on and the sparks of new ones stir.
About 2,300 part-time instructors, or adjuncts, would be covered by the contract.
He read a short statement to an emotional crowd in Hanoi, not far from the opera house, quoting liberally from his declaration of independence, with sentiments about personal freedom not so different from those in the Gettysburg Address, which the Hanoi thought police had tried to stifle.
There's no question in my mind that was not an accident.''
The court convicted Abdullah Barghouti, left, for bombings in 2001 and 2002, most of them in Jerusalem, and also said he boasted of training bombmakers he hoped would carry out future attacks.
Putting the problem this way is not popular.
Correction Appended A WARM twilight settles over the Mexican resort of Puerto Vallarta as the sun slips behind the pink clouds of the Bahía de Banderas.
J.P. Morgan took the top spot among emerging-market bond underwriters after ranking second last year to Citigroup, trailed by Deutsche Bank, Credit Suisse First Boston and Morgan Stanley.
The next battle over how this year's elections will be financed is starting to take shape, this time before the Federal Election Commission.
He went on to study design in university, but always with his calling as a monk in mind.
Correction: September 28, 2004, Tuesday Because of an editing error, an article yesterday about preparations by the federal government to advise states and cities on how to react if terrorists set off a "dirty bomb" misstated the size of a radiation dose that would be inconsequential and should not cause contaminated areas to be closed down.
The second was last Thursday, when Van Gundy returned to the Garden with the Houston Rockets, who routed the Knicks, 111-79.
It also came less than a week since Pakistani law enforcement agents shot to death Amjad Hussain Farooqi, who had been sought as a top terror suspect and operative for Al Qaeda.
Citigroup neither admitted nor denied the NASD allegations.
I was embarrassed as an American, because everyone in the Arab world started to question whether the United States really stands for freedom of speech.
But can Bulger gain a playoff victory in his first try, something Peyton Manning did not achieve until his fourth?
He records their gestures as well as the newspapers, fast food, bicycles, overflowing plastic bags, musical instruments and palatial bird cages they lug on daily journeys through the system.
They sold tickets, but the game was not what it could have been.
My close friend for more than 50 years, Bill will always be in my thoughts.
Twelve drug makers have asked the commission for antitrust immunity for a sales system based on national market structures that they want to use in the European Union.
A newly opened bunkhouse sleeps up to eight.
Dr. Daley, the Harvard Medical School researcher, applauded the British regulatory mechanism that allows such research to proceed under strict control.
Average spending per person on hospital care alone is up to about $1,600 from the 1965 equivalent of $318 in today's currency.
''To be alone is better,'' he said.
The firefighter who was burned while climbing through a window, Mark Conoway, of Ladder 113 in Brooklyn, was in serious but stable condition last night.
Last week, two mezzo-sopranos cleared the hurdle with ease in impressive debuts, unusually fine demonstrations of very individual -- and very different -- talents.
Ms. Israel's first marriage ended in divorce.
Signed CB Clarence Curry to the practice squad.
The rules would specify appropriate ways to respond to situations like suicide attacks, he said.
Few museums aspire to be secular cathedrals, at least if the reverence or seriousness implied by that term limits the audience.
According to the principals' union, the school has generally been much calmer this year than last, an accomplishment that Mr. Logan suggested has been threatened by the existence of the suspension center.
It is written by Dr. Kelly C. Allison, and Dr. Albert J. Stunkard, with Sara L. Thier (New Harbinger Publications, $14.95).
REBOUNDS The Knicks have hired MATT DOHERTY, the former Notre Dame and North Carolina coach, as a part-time scout.
"We have to recognize that is the way our society works.
The ten, queen and ace were played, and the declarer paused to assess the distribution.
City Opera officials met recently with Amanda M. Burden, the commissioner of the Department of City Planning, who described the project yesterday as if it were all but certain.
She jumped to three spades, an invitation that usually indicates four-card support.
''I don't want a vacation from my dog,'' Ms. Carsten said.
At the same time, Mr. Bloomberg singled out another fellow Republican who voted against the additional money for New York City: Representative Robert W. Ney of Ohio.
''We're putting together a farmland protection plan for Westchester County to raise everyone's awareness of the connection between quality of life and farming,'' said Barbara Wilkens, 72, the board's president.
And as the Indian-American population in Nassau County has multiplied in the past few years, the culture group has become a social gathering point with the makings of an institution.
A related article is on Page 36.
''We haven't hitched our wagon to any one athlete,'' M.L.S.
At the same time, the general added, ''these are small incidents that don't seem to be endemic.
For display on computer screens, 8 bits per color channel (24 bits total) is fine; to allow for really critical printing, many models deliver 12 to 16 bits (36 to 48 bits total), but all models can be set for 8 bits to save scanning time and file space.
LU, Victor R., 22, Lance Cpl., Marines; Los Angeles; First Marine Division.
The advocate, Charles Kernaghan, director of the National Labor Committee, an anti-sweatshop group, accused the N.B.A.
"To tell you the truth, I was looking forward to the sixth man award," he said.
Then, as the temperature heats up, the Alley offers a series it calls ''Summer Chills'' on the Hubbard Stage, featuring two murder mysteries: ''Black Coffee'' by Agatha Christie, July 2-18, and ''Dial 'M' for Murder'' by Frederick Knott, July 23-Aug. 8.
If you've ever waked up with the solution to a problem that defeated you the night before, you will feel at home in this building.
AT&T said last month that it would stop advertising for consumers after a United States federal appeals court dismantled rules that gave it low-cost access to competitors' networks.
In the end, Mr. Fossella, who was 32 at the time, won the election with nearly two-thirds of the vote.
If convicted, the cartel leaders face sentences of up to life in prison.
Rolen steers away from most comparisons, but acknowledges that he and Wright have more in common than their pedigree.
Bergdorf Goodman sells a version of the ostrich-leg handbag for $3,100.
-Do wealthier people have a moral responsibility to donate to those who are in need?
The baby spent two months in the neonatal intensive care unit.
"I think there's too many songs," Mr. Carlin said, sounding for a moment like Jerry Seinfeld.
The person who was believed to have shot both men at 119th Street at Adam Clayton Powell Jr. Boulevard vanished into the crowd.
In addition to TV recording, the device can capture video from digital and analog camcorders as well as VHS tapes.
These were converted into computer images in which one pixel equals about 10 inches on the ground.
Suggested admission: $7; 62+, students and children, $4; families, $12.
And last Sunday there was that silly jitterbug the Colts performed as a group in the end zone after a touchdown, bobbing and swaying in a huddle like guests at a Sweet 16 doing the hokey-pokey.
A 99-year lease agreement limits toll increases.
None of his works illustrate this better than his masterpiece ''Peter Grimes,'' his first large-scale opera and perhaps his grandest, which Colin Davis and the London Symphony Orchestra will present in concert at Avery Fisher Hall today.
But by early September, Mr. Edwards, who had no business relationship with the city or the radio stations, was working Smith Street, the jewel in the crown of New Brooklyn.
Senator Sullivan, who has called for the governor's resignation, said he briefly considered not sitting on the dais during Mr. Rowland's speech, in protest, but decided ''there is a certain dignity to the process that needs to be observed.''
Drizzle a little olive oil over the top.
Gross of the Kavli Institute for Theoretical Physics at the University of California at Santa Barbara; Dr. Frank Wilczek of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology; and Dr. H. David Politzer of the California Institute of Technology.
That element was Mr. Twohy's sharp direction, which manages the difficult feat of balancing the over-edited, music-video style of most contemporary action films with a classical sense of the unity of space and time.
It allows us to enforce our existing laws more efficiently.''
And they certainly do not run to doctors complaining of happiness.
The name refers to their ability to inhibit production of COX-2, an enzyme involved in inflammation.
A few days ago, as jurors were selected for the trial, Eduardo Arrocha, 42, sat in Tompkins Square Park.
''If the Iraqis tried that, they'd have bigger problems than Saddam,'' he said.
From a hotly contested field (don't miss the Alpine Salt Mud Bath and Balinese Facial), I would single out, among my own treatments, the Calcot Rose Blossom Envelopment Wrap.
Galleries: SoHo ''DOGS + CATS,'' American Primitive, 594 Broadway, near Houston Street, (212) 966-1530, through June 12.
''It puts your head right smack in the middle of that window, and you are more susceptible to head injury to things coming in from the outside,'' said Adrian K. Lund, the chief operating officer of the insurer's group.
7 5 8 HOW TO TALK TO A LIBERAL (IF YOU MUST), by Ann Coulter.
While the lawsuit is officially under seal, The Chicago Sun-Times reported in June that it had obtained a copy and that the plaintiffs accuse P. Nicholas Hurtgen, the former head of the Chicago office of Bear Stearns, of pressuring them to award construction work to a contractor connected with a state official in charge of approving such projects.
Recently, at the center, some of the staff members were playfully teasing Ms. Arias about her new look, a haphazard bowl haircut.
The battle for the assets of ATA pits some of the best-known executives in the industry against each other, namely Herbert D. Kelleher and Gary C. Kelly, the chairman and chief executive at Southwest, and Joseph B. Leonard, the chief executive at AirTran.
Everything comes at a price these days.
Mr. Rehnquist's motive in writing about it, it seems clear, was not to expand the literature, but to engage the nearly 40 percent of Americans who still doubt the 2000 election's legitimacy.
Charles leaves a precious legacy.
That proved unexpectedly tricky with Balloon Lagoon, the game for kindergarten-age kids.
In January 2002 mutual friends of Ms. Price and Mr. Harrison's decided to try to set up Mr. Harrison, a widower, and Ms. Price, a widow.
Playing to the common man as a city's taxpayer vigilante is more than disingenuous coming from Dolan, a Long Island resident who lives in a shoreline mansion, sleeps 12 on his yacht and has no trouble extricating $240 from regular folks for a good seat at a bad Knicks game.
Readers will learn as well the remarkable story of the missionary Bartolemé de las Casas, perhaps the most experienced of the doughty souls described in this book.
"I think we all do this naturally anyway," Bollaert concluded.
Torre had 10-man pitching staffs in the first 11 postseason series that he managed with the Yankees.
A Democratic candidate campaigning on his opposition to privatizing Social Security would be well within his rights to claim that his opponent's policies would produce rampant poverty among the elderly.
Our delegates will have the final word.
The novel is about the insidious activities of major pharmaceutical companies in Africa.
And the baby -- well, that's why Max gets so mad.
The Queen embroidered a pair of gloves for Elizabeth, which she decorated with sea monsters amid blue and silver waves.
Then I give every reporter $10.
''And the administration hasn't proposed any serious budget cuts until the last few days, hoping that the next one will pass, and now here we are on the 11th referendum,'' Mr. Wilcox said.
At Lever House in Midtown, the bar serves a Gus Meyer-lemonade with lemon vodka and mint.
''I think I would like to imagine that I am doing the thing that all anthropologists do,'' she said, ''asking these harder questions about what is real and true.''
Mr. Reid said, ''I'm sorry I'll miss the speech, but I was asked to take on this responsibility for the country and I'm happy to do it.''
But State has been slow-walking Congressional requests for documents that reveal its own poor oversight and that embarrass the U.N., which it now wants to placate.
The Packers had not had a scoreless first half since a game against Minnesota in 1980.
Kevin B. Rollins, Dell's president, attributed the margin decline to higher prices for memory chips along with stronger sales of lower-margin products.
Siham's friendship is the one bright light in Lina's anxious life.
He praised a human resources executive for ordering a Muslim employee to remove ''various Muslim artifacts'' from one center.
More than 200 carpets hung for me to see and touch for as long as I wanted.
Senator John Kerry's campaign said the tape showed that the war in Iraq was distracting the Bush administration from fighting Al Qaeda in Afghanistan.
Entertainment Television, International Channel Networks and TCI Music.
It came along, just in time, to hold off the Red Sox in Game 1.
On a percentage basis, the Nasdaq composite index had the biggest loss.
The newest statue of him was unexpected, he said.
After Norv Turner was hired, Al Davis, the Raiders' principal owner, saw the chance to increase his team's depth when the Giants acquired the No.
His father, who had 288 major league victories as a pitcher, is the manager of the Staten Island Yankees in the Class A New York-Penn League.
If puts the same plan to his cabinet, it could again face rejection.
Companies reporting earnings experienced a mixed reception, despite generally good numbers, as investors looked more at fourth-quarter forecasts than current results.
Still, on Tuesday, Mr. Davis began making one adjustment because of the ban's expiration.
Just the week before, he said, he watched as a dhow crept inside the exclusion zone and did not turn back until a patrol boat fired 10 warning shots over its bow.
Craig Parry teed off at 7:35 a.m., shot a 64 and stormed into a tie for ninth place at 210.
They were presumably buried at the same time, the archaeologists said, and perhaps the cat was killed so it could accompany its owner into the afterworld.
("He married the all-inclusive package," sneered one posting on freerepublic.com.
America's strategic interest in the outcome of this struggle is immense, but our ability to influence it is limited.
He said that he has received more endorsements from New York politicians than in any of his previous races.
A Tuesday entry for "Platée," at the New York City Opera, is misplaced.
"I will drain to the last drop."
But a successful invasion would be bad news for the existing species because it disrupts their relationships, Dr. Smith said.
vehicle with a second three-year loan at no interest, as long as you make the deal before the first loan expires.
Layne Johnson cultivated her fans with engaging, literary prose, photographs of her travels and regular interaction with readers by e-mail and instant message.
''We don't play in a Staples Center,'' Ratner said.
After much discourse with city hall -- Depardieu even met with the mayor of Paris, Bertrand Delanoë, to get the necessary approvals -- they restored the fountain and redid the facade, thereby expanding what may be the finest dining terrace in Paris.
It's tough not to reap the benefits from it.''
Port charges and taxes are extra.
Friendster also sells banners and boxes on its pages, which currently display ads for companies like Cingular, the College Loan Corporation, the Kissimee-St.
playing career with the Utah Jazz in 2002.
His credits include "CBS Reports," "Bandwagon" and "Look Up and Live" for CBS; he was also director of current affairs programming for PBS.
''This is a market with depth and breadth.''
Kentucky got the ball back, Erik Daniels lost it on a rebound, and the Blazers' Demario Eddins hit a layup.
Nickens and his wife were given two cows, six barrels of corn and the right to farm some Carter land for life.
The vote represented a symbolic victory for those advocating the expensing of options.
"There are tens of thousands of people like that," the governor continued.
What may do more political harm to Dr. Allawi, who is a Shiite, is the fact that Shiite leaders are also condemning the invasion.
This item appeared in the paper as a stand alone photograph.
This morning, trying to get into his car and leave, he was swamped himself by a beseeching, demanding crowd.
Or is that wishful thinking?
In fact, some political scientists say that Congress has not been this ideologically polarized for a hundred years, based on voting studies that show growing divisions between the parties.
He went into the furniture business but was very active helping two Congressmen from his district, Dan Quayle and Dan Coats.
"Rutgers is right in the community, so students find things to go do there, as opposed to Montclair, where we're all secluded up here," she said.
But such quaintnesses aside, there are many hours of great musicians in their prime.
When he speaks, it's in a soft monotone, and his questions are mostly about the details of police procedure: ''If you have DNA, and you send it through the Department of Justice,'' he asks, ''how long until you get the results?''
It's important to track down any corruption so future international efforts have the highest level of confidence.
After Sept. 11, 2001, President Bush said that his top priority was to prevent the proliferation of chemical, biological and nuclear weapons to terrorist groups and rogue nations.
It needs five minutes out of the second act, but it's just a question of refining."
I had given it my best shot.
The kabuki-theme Halloween festivities will include costumes, decorations and a costume contest from 8 p.m. to 11 p.m.
He also acknowledged inadvertent "errors" in the city's recent financial statements.
"The focus of this case should be on recent history, the activities of the defendants today, and an actual threat of a specific ongoing or future violation," the companies said in court documents.
"We talked daily on the telephone," she said.
Krayzelburg's life story is well known: born and reared in Odessa in Ukraine; immigrated to the United States with his parents in 1989; became an American citizen in 1995; and has been an American swimming icon since.
New England linebacker Tedy Bruschi, who injured his lower right leg in the American Football Conference title game Jan. 18, practiced during the team's light workout Monday.
He is a fourth-degree black belt in karate and a first-degree black belt in tae kwon do.
"The sheer diversity of hours people are working is just startling," said Dr. Harriet Presser, a University of Maryland sociologist whose book "Working in a 24/7 Economy" (Russell Sage Foundation, 2003) explores the social and physical effects of commercial activity that depends on people working at all hours of the day and night.
Stepsons Shawn Carr and Brian Miller.
Greatgrandfather of Baxter, Jasper and Emily Mercy.
Decades of relentless urgings to borrow more and spend more, from the onslaught of junk-mail credit card pitches to the devotion of whole magazines to goods rather than words, have turned Americans into voracious consuming machines.
Ice Cube's first role, as a thug shaped by circumstance in John Singleton's 1991 movie, ''Boyz N the Hood,'' could have come right from one of his albums.
Son of the late Charles and Lillian Stein.
The project's residential towers, some of which would reach 45 stories, are lined up along the esplanade.
Mr. Thomas cited, for example, the $1.5 million sale last July of a historic single-family home in need of work in the Fort Greene section.
There are some other dreams we are considering."
With the registration card came an advertisement for Ford Motor Company, specifically a vehicle called the Freestyle -- "the perfect bridge between car and S.U.V.," in case you were curious.
coalition partners, in advocating for the poor, contend that it does not best meet their needs."
When it was built it cost $1,920, for the material and everything.
After working extensively with the state, Phoenix expects to open a campus this summer in Jersey City, on the Hudson River waterfront.
It said France's Building Science and Testing Center performed a technical assessment of the structure.
OLYMPICS Iraq to Compete in Athens Games Iraqi athletes will march under their national flag at the opening ceremony of the Athens Olympics this summer.
Options accounted for just $50,000 of that, or 28 percent, down from 33 percent in 2003, Mr. Archer said.
Summer monsoons are washing it away.
A few kids stymied them: the kid who pouted when he wasn't on his best friend's side, the kid who yelled "loser!"
Bowing to kitchen reality, it is waterproof and easily cleaned.
Bloggers at worldchanging.com, some of them living in the affected nations, began chattering immediately after the waves hit and began discussions of ways to help.
KORECHOFF -- George, on October 15, 2004.
In Hunterdon County, which had 8 percent fewer homes on the market in January through June 2004, the number of contract sales was up 22 percent.
FEW words in English suffer from such overuse and misuse as tragedy, an ancient literary term that has come to refer, in modern vernacular, to just about anything bad.
The Council for Citizens Against Government Waste cited a lengthy list of such items, including $1.5 million for a demonstration project to transport naturally chilled water from Lake Ontario to Lake Onondaga; $500,000 for the Kincaid Park Soccer and Nordic Ski Center in Anchorage; $250,000 for the Country Music Hall of Fame in Nashville; $80,000 for the Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual and Transgender Community Center in San Diego; and $75,000 for the Paper Industry International Hall of Fame in Appleton, Wis.
"When everybody else was tightening their belts, we were expanding," said the artistic director, Kevin McKenzie.
NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS -- Placed WR P.K.
A related article is on Page 80.
And it was here that the boy from Massachusetts glimpsed a much grander life than he had known back home, and began, perhaps, to acquire the sheen of privilege and sophistication that would become an inescapable part and a persistent liability of his life in politics.
PRIME MINISTER SHARON -- .
In past Republican campaigns, state and county organizations were free to assemble their local efforts any way they liked, the assumption being that they knew more about their own communities than someone in Washington.
Mr. Khodorkovsky, who is Russia's richest man, has advocated more exports of crude oil to the West and has financed political parties that challenged Russia's president, Vladimir V. Putin.
Of the names submitted, he said, about 50 were people with no known qualifications other than their political affiliations.
"My wife had passed a copy to my father-in-law," Mr. Hosseini said in an interview.
Mr. Yohannan had a head start with decorating: the house was full of architectural fragments from Europe, installed by previous owners.
"Eclipse of the Sun," purchased for the museum's collection in 1968, is part of what is thought to have been a triptych.
THE ZENITH ANGLE, by Bruce Sterling (Del Rey/Ballantine, $24.95), also deals with bureaucratic foot-dragging in the face of clear and present danger.
Interestingly, a very similar impression of matter in flux comes through in the work of the contemporary Chinese painter Gao Xingjian, seen in a solo show at Artemis Fine Arts/C.
Now they're very excited about having Jamal.
Soon after, they will have to decide whether to return him to the starting lineup, where he has been since joining the Knicks in 1996.
Even with an incomplete picture, the hurricane center has to generate its forecasts.
The result was combat at extremely close quarters, nearly hand-to-hand, carried out in 120-degree heat.
The memorandums, principally one written on Jan. 9, provided legal arguments to support administration officials' assertions that the Geneva Conventions did not apply to detainees from the war in Afghanistan.
But the modern anti-Americans would serve themselves better by taking care to untangle the two.
Any WPP bid would be mostly in stock, with some cash, a person close to the company said.
A half-hour after his son, Jason, got his first squirrel in the swampy lowland north of here, Mark Cary blew a small, circular squirrel-calling device in several bursts, creating a whistling sound.
For newspaper delivery questions: 1-800-NYTIMES (1-800-698-4637).
I think everyone was very satisfied with his explanation.''
Nokia said it expected global cellphone sales by all manufacturers this year to total about 630 million.
Beloved father of Arthur (Jean) and the late Gerard.
But with this camera that he concocted out of 60-year-old camera parts, mirrors, a microscope and other items -- none of them digital -- Mr. Ross has taken photographs on 9-by-18-inch negatives that when slowly processed by hand and digitally scanned contain 100 times as much data as the average professional digital camera.
Ingram had 18 of his 21 points in the half, 9 of them during that run.
"The mindset of people is very different here," Ms. Tomkins said.
Oklahoma State's victory prevented a return to East Rutherford for Memphis Coach John Calipari, the former coach of the Nets.
Died Saturday, April 3, 2004, in Rome Memorial Hospital, Rome, NY.
Page said, defibrillators cannot be implanted and removed seasonally.
Fewer water complaints since I've been the president.
JIM THORPE, a picturesque Lehigh River village at the base of steep mountains, is a draw for mountain bikers.
And in recent weeks, we learned of experiments to harvest viable cells from embryos that have no potential for life -- the ethical equivalent of an organ transplant.
I don't really want to do a show where I'll be in my underwear -- ugly sight."
Mr. Kerry plans to arrive here on Sunday to urge his backers to start going to the polls as both parties crank up their ground game in a state that gave the presidency to Mr. Bush four years ago by 537 votes.
HIRSCHBERG--Ruth Burchard: We are deeply grieved to record the passing of our beloved Ruth Hirschberg, daughter of the late Otto and Hedda Burchard, wife of our dear Senior Rabbi of blessed memory, Gunter Hirschberg.
''Die Walküre'' comes again next Monday.
That revived Volkswagen in the 1990's, when it had gotten a rap for dreary products and dubious workmanship.
The Nasdaq composite index added 7.52 points, or 0.4 percent, to 2,147.98.
Some of that growing will come in the next few weeks when she mentors young swimmers the way veterans once mentored her.
If faith now drives our politics, at the very least let's make it a faith of inclusion, genuine compassion, humility, justice and accountability.
Although she agrees that the Socratic method is effective for training lawyers who need to think on their feet, Ms. Guinier argues that her methods do not compromise the quality of legal education, since many lawyers with specialties other than litigation don't need to form quick answers in front of judges.
On other nights it looks like they can't play.
The unit's biological weapons research was seized by the United States during the postwar occupation and has never been released to the public.
Spongebob has to retrieve King Neptune's crown; a novelization of the movie.
In a brief telephone interview last week, Mr. Hurst said: ''I have paid all my sales tax.
She spoke flatly, matter of factly.
This weekend, Mr. Binney, a nimble alto saxophonist who also experiments with live digital processing in his shows -- a rarity in the jazz world -- gets together with some of his colleagues, who are also among the best younger jazz musicians in the country.
Army units were called in after the police failed to bring order.
Like other immigrants from the Indian subcontinent, Sikhs began arriving in Britain in the 1950's and 60's and are widely depicted as having prospered.
Ira S. Loss, a drug industry analyst with Washington Analysis, said that by taking Vioxx off the market, Merck was "trying to minimize its legal liability exposure" by acting promptly after receiving the report.
to prove that a supplement poses a significant or unreasonable risk of harm instead of requiring the manufacturer to prove that it is safe and effective, the standard used for prescription drugs.
In the context of an era when gay men and women were just starting to try to recreate notions of family and community, their structure struck some of their peers as limited: if two parents were good, why wouldn't three be better?
ROBERTS -- Alice Walker once said that O'Connor's work is not about race, but comes out of a racial culture.
But Carter has been plagued by injuries in his professional career.
"We won a lot of games with a lot of different guys," he said.
In training camp, in which a quarterback controversy dominates the headlines, an unexpected kicking competition has broken out on a team that has had such poor kicking in recent years that the incumbent Matt Bryant was released before he even arrived at training camp.
That speed and improved accuracy is particularly appealing to airlines, because employees reading printed destination codes and optical scanning systems that check bar codes can become overwhelmed when airports are busy.
Chong is a major shareholder in Korasia Shipping and Trading, Sovereign Ventures and the Cambodia Shipping Corporation.
"We've been running quite a bit last week and yesterday and working pretty hard on our conditioning, and he just will not let the young guys beat him.
Senator Kerry, a new question.
The Young Viewers article on Page 59 of the Television section today, about "Da Boom Crew," an animated WB series shown Saturdays at 11:30 a.m. on Channel 11, has become outdated.
Many critiques go beyond politics.
''We're most ourselves when we know surely / what we love, and whom.''
Ms. York had specified that the new portrait of her dogs should be painted in a Renaissance style, so, in keeping with the theme, the lobby was filled with actors in Shakespearean attire, checking coats and making a ruckus.
It takes a start, and that was a start for us."
Hours: Mondays through Fridays, 11 a.m. to 4 p.m.; Sundays, 2 to 4 p.m.
At the time, American officials said they wanted as much money as possible to be handed out in the first year in an attempt to stabilize Iraq.
So I called Alex right away and reintroduced myself, and he sighed and said, ''Scott .
''But at Hazeltine and at Royal St. George I had my chances during the weekend,'' he said of the 2002 P.G.A.
COLLEGE OF CHARLESTON -- Promoted Scott Foxhall to associate head baseball coach.
And the Yankees third baseman known as A-Rod is sure that, sooner or later, he will return to that Zone.
Ignoring South Korean voters' rejection of the impeachment of President Roh Moo Hyun, the nation's Constitutional Court said Friday that the proceedings would go forward.
Nortel has also alerted the Securities and Exchange Commission and Canadian regulators of the leadership change and is cooperating with inquiries from those agencies, said Christina Warren, a spokeswoman for Nortel.
Page A11 Secretary of State Colin L. Powell discussed with diplomats on the United Nations Security Council a resolution on Iraq after the June 30 transfer of sovereignty.
Sometimes I'm thinking, when am I going to think like American people?
Quarterback Donovan McNabb fumbled once and threw a terrible pass that Allen dropped.
Plotting a strategy against the Nets' defense seemed to occupy the Knicks' attention more than avenging Collins's hard foul on Thomas.
''The statistics were not merely inadequate; they lied,'' Lewis writes, discussing James's view.
TWO stacks of paper in the desk drawers of Donald A. Williams once showed a balance of praise and criticism from a quarter-century of prosecuting crimes in Ulster County.
Price denied the charge in a statement released by his lawyer, Howard Jacobs.
Despite the killing of a dog by two coyotes in the yard of a backcountry home last Sunday night, the town of Greenwich says steps cannot be taken to get rid of the animals.
Among the younger set utopia does not mean 1960's-style radicalism; it implies something unattainable, except perhaps in a hand-me-down form, and therefore smaller and inherently poignant.
The evidence shows: *Shinnick was among the best long jumpers in the world during this period; *Witnesses said then and recall now that there was nary a breeze; *The wind gauge for that 220 race read 1.6 meters a second, under the limit of 2 meters a second (about 4.5 miles an hour); *Before Shinnick ran down the runway for his jump, he asked his teammate Brian Sternberg to test for the calmness of the wind; a handful of grass fell softly to the ground, the two men say.
But it also refers to artworks of outstanding skill, artistry or craftsmanship.
Some of the Republican proposals would raise the age when people can start to receive benefits.
He was also fined more than $1,000.
From the start of the boom in 1995 through 2002, total wages paid in Manhattan jumped by 51 percent while those in the other boroughs increased only 32 percent.
The retired Norwalk lawyer was the last Democrat elected to the seat, for three nonconsecutive terms between 1959 and 1969.
She is a chief resident in neurosurgery at Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore.
This parallels trends across the design world, from housewares to fashion, which has been adding more color each season, in a revolt against basic black.
That means a Janus-faced innocence, where a modest dress turns to reveal what appears to be a closure left gaping with visible bra fastening.
Letters were sent last week to the victims' families, asking them to suggest parents and grandparents to be readers, the authorities said.
"Honest reporting begins with revealing the existence of all clinical studies, even those that reflect unfavorably on a research sponsor's product," the editors of the 12 publications stated in a group editorial that was released yesterday and will appear in the next issues of the individual journals.
"The deductibles were a way of helping spread the risk around, sharing it somewhat," Mr. Morris said, referring to both insurance companies and their customers.
Linebacker Eric Barton had a fumble recovery.
His analysis is partly a broad extension of other studies by economists like Joel B. Slemrod of the University of Michigan, but he adds considerably to the argument.
Ramiro lives with a few of his friends from a small town that was caught up and nearly destroyed in the recent civil wars.
More significant, bringing in the 27-year-old Carter, a five-time All-Star, gave Jason Kidd, the Nets' 31-year-old franchise player, a reason to consider staying in New Jersey.
Toss greens with olive oil, lemon juice, salt and pepper to taste.
One was held at night on a speeding bus.
It was the Republicans who lobbed the first full assault on Mr. Kerry, in an Internet advertisement last week.
Now there are about three workers per retiree, and in 2030 there will be two.
The $700 million raised by such an increase would pay for homestead rebates, which offer refunds to homeowners 65 and older, and would restore rebates to middle-income households.
The last time John Kerry gave a speech this important, he was 27 years old and testifying against the Vietnam War.
Whether or not Derek Jeter is as helpful to the Yankees' third baseman of the future, Wigginton is doing for Wright exactly what the veteran infielders Jay Bell and Joe McEwing once did for him.
"Paul Babbitt spends our tax money like it's going out of style," it says.
It feels like an elephant is sitting on your chest."
Mr. Wardally, 32, a Harlem native and veteran field organizer, was in the Democrats' ''convention response team'' headquarters on Seventh Avenue.
"I've won plenty of big games," he said.
I'm too big for that."
He continued to levitate yesterday, even in a wicked wind that turned his yellow shirt into a whipping caution flag.
''They're anxious to find something new.
From 1965 to 2000 -- a time when the Catholic population in the United States swelled by 47 percent -- the community of priests and brothers in this country shrank by 33 percent, according to the Center for Applied Research in the Apostolate at Georgetown University.
BIEN--Harriet Honigsberg, 99, wife of Adolph Bien, died in Hanover, NH.
Her friends agree that fur is fine, she said, so long as it is not showy or dated, conjuring an image of Joan Collins in her ''Dynasty'' days.
Indeed, the whole logic of terrorism is to exploit the rules, to turn them to their own advantage.
Once he reviewed a prospectus, Mr. Calugar contacted the fund manager, emphasizing that he would trade within negotiated terms.
Its signature murals, leaded glass windows and paneled wood walls contribute to the genteel impression of this grand cafe.
Covey's track record, that is almost guaranteed.
Even if the charcoal is from a natural fire, not a human campfire, he said, the analysis should establish the age of any artifacts from the same sediment layer.
For years it pitched the brand to young consumers with cheap financing and emotional eye-catching ads set to the music of Average White Band, Iggy Pop and Republica.
''We have to be in control ultimately and get our priorities in order,'' Mr. Heaps said.
"And they run in the other direction."
Genetic clocks have to be set by some outside reference point, and Dr. Stoneking chose the chimpanzee louse as his base for assessing the number of mutations in its cousin species, the lice of people.
The Democrats' vice-presidential candidate, Senator John Edwards, a longtime plaintiffs' lawyer, says his proudest accomplishment in Washington was to help win Senate passage of a bill defining patients' rights, including the right to sue.
Electability as a political attribute is nothing new.
The Spartans (21-15-2, 17-9-2 Central Collegiate Hockey Association) tied Michigan, 4-4, on Friday night in East Lansing and beat the Wolverines, 1-0, the next night before 20,066 fans at Joe Louis Arena in Detroit.
OTTAWA, Sept. 21 - The Ontario Securities Commission said Tuesday that it might take action against four Canadian mutual fund management companies as part of a nearly year-old investigation of the industry.
According to former Fannie Mae employees, Mr. Howard consolidated his power by guarding information and by rarely delegating authority.
In the same 9 p.m. time period, 15.48 million people watched Donald Trump fire the tongue-tied Elizabeth Jarosz on "The Apprentice" after her team nearly staged a coup against her.
But there was not much evidence.
The new program is largely insulated from legislative and gubernatorial oversight.
"There is no reasonable basis," Judge Merritt continued, "for disbelieving the six witnesses who now incriminate Mr. Muncey as the perpetrator of the crime."
"I know this John Kerry."
''Finding these hot spots is only good if you prescribe a lasting solution,'' said Councilman John C. Liu, the chairman of the Transportation Committee, which is holding a public hearing on Thursday to get comments on how Con Ed can improve.
"We've got to carve out a niche and find a role for ourselves in a field dominated by Wal-Mart, Target and Costco."
Her father owns the May Financial Group, planners and investment advisers in Manhattan.
Australia is not sending armed personnel, Australian officials said, even though it will have the second largest athletic contingent at the Games, sent troops to Iraq, and has been singled out for attack by Osama bin Laden.
will not achieve its profit milestone this year," Mr. Leclair said.
Mr. Giuliani then appointed her to a lucrative city board position during his last two weeks in office, a deal Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg unraveled after his inauguration.
Switching the designer's name for the Kleinfeld logo is legal under the law, which requires only that some point of the distribution chain be listed.
It might look like an OutKast song (''hey--ya.mp3''), but if you look more closely, you'll see it has an unusual suffix, like ''hey--ya.mp3.exe.''
In a few instances, older theaters went dark for a period, but came to life in recent years under the care of private and public benefactors.
As a neutral space within that union, Kashmir could host the capital for its administrative machinery.
He appointed as chairman the church's longest serving primate, Archbishop Robin Eames of Armagh, Northern Ireland, a veteran of reconciliation efforts in both his church and his country.
"If I don't do something now I'll regret it.
The French know better than most that there is no refuge from terrorism.
The political result is that Republican places become more Republican and Democratic places become more Democratic.
DETROIT TIGERS--Recalled RHP Danny Patterson from the 15-day DL.
Shares of Domino's Pizza Inc., the pizza delivery company, fell 3.6 percent in their first day of trading yesterday after the company sold $336.9 million of stock in an initial offering.
That if I had to, I could be a credible politician.''
Patients will be alarmed and exposed, perhaps needlessly, he says, to the risks of chemotherapy, surgery and radiation.
That was back in June 2002, when, in a speech on advancing the cause of Middle East peace, he said that the United States would work with the European Union and Arab states to help Palestinian leaders create "a new constitutional framework and a working democracy" for the Palestinian people.
He and Mr. Deutsch ''hit it off very well,'' Mr. Trump said, joking that their shared given name helped.
"Foreign policy has certainly moved to the front of the line here," said Joseph P. Heim, a professor of political science at the University of Wisconsin-La Crosse.
Singh looked at the ball, then shook his head in disgust.
''Boone is a tremendous defensive player with a lot of range.
Continuing the theme of nature's freakiness, Wave Hill screens "Them!," the 1954 nuclear sci-fi ant attack flick, today at 3 p.m. West 249th Street and Independence Avenue, Bronx; 9 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.; free until noon, $2 to $4 thereafter.
Dido, and the band Travis and Keane have already committed, and Midge Ure of Ultravox, who wrote the hit with Bob Geldof, said he is trying to get Robbie Williams and Radiohead's Thom Yorke to join the group, the BBC reported.
Oct. 10 VERA DRAKE -- Imelda Staunton stars in Mike Leigh's film, set in 1950's England, about a saintly housecleaner who helps her neighbors deal with unwanted pregnancies.
After each question, students in the outer circle move one place to their right.
Nelson and Garcia are scheduled to stand trial on assault and battery charges on Tuesday.
Opens today in Manhattan and San Francisco.
men's basketball tournament, but it kept its postseason hopes alive with a 69-66 upset of Providence last night in the quarterfinals of the Big East tournament at Madison Square Garden.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13 - There was no need for a desperate finish this time against Panama, no threatening loss of control.
Additionally, had there been a senior police liaison at the command post and/or a fire chief in the helicopter that could communicate with the command post on the ground, information about what they were observing in the air could have been relayed to the ground.''
New Jersey has been adding jobs at the rate of 50,000 a year since World War II, more than doubling its work force.
Mr. Levy of Rolling Stone agreed.
People were displaced for that project, too.
''I was particularly pleased with how we played defensively and how we ran.''
Martin Anderson, a senior fellow at the Hoover Institution at Stanford University and member of the Defense Policy Board who has known Mr. Rumsfeld since the 1960's, said Mr. Rumsfeld got to know Mr. Bush in 1999 when he helped prepare a long report on missile defense for him as part of the preparations for his presidential run.
When people have gone through terrible things together, teasing can be the only bearable intimacy.
Hours: Mondays through Fridays, 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. 2039 Kennedy Boulevard, Jersey City.
Wang Junbin lost his job at the land bureau.
"Because a power blower is unessential, it can become the focal point for more generalized disliking."
An exercise book for learning to write in English lay open on the dirt, the last blank on the page neatly filled in with these words: "She isn't playing today.
Administration officials said that she and her researchers had fought hard, at some professional risk, to protect the integrity of the report, but eventually went along with the revisions.
I have even received e-mail messages that include these photographs within the message itself.
A 1925 dressing table by the French designer Jacques-Émile Ruhlmann, for example, sleekly modernizes 100-year-old French Neo-Classicism.
The Louvre statement said the Mona Lisa would remain on view during the testing.
Open for three meals daily, with dinner or lunch costing about $45 for two with beer or wine.
His administration has offered the group a spot on the West Side Highway, which the protesters accepted but later rejected.
NINETY-FIVE dollars is a lot to pay to watch a baseball game, even if the attraction is the New York Yankees, newly revived after a siege of on-field narcolepsy.
While advocates decried the cuts, saying they would eviscerate good programs, especially those that serve the poor and working class, some fiscal watchdogs worried that even with the cuts the state still faced a projected $6.1 billion shortfall next year.
Political ads are to commercials what democracy is to systems of government: the worst, except for all the others.
He played host to the couple in July 1995 aboard the Bon Vivant and allowed the governor to vacation at his home in Palm Beach in 2001.
Citigroup essentially orchestrated a large sale of European government debt and then repurchased that debt shortly afterward at depressed prices.
And that's where we are."
"You don't read it for the facts, but it's a total icon," explains Mr. Richman, 46, arguably a law enforcement agency nerd.
When they have the choice, business owners will hire these better educated teenagers instead.
announced that ''profanity'' -- also undefined -- was a new and separate violation of the Communications Act.
Ms. Lindauer said in a deposition that an acquaintance had told her the Libyans had nothing to do with the Lockerbie attack and that she felt compelled to come forward to set the record straight, according to a copy of the deposition posted by the Middle East Intelligence Bulletin.
Critics said the healers' reliance on consultation with spirits and other nonscientific practices makes licensing a fraud.
The decision to shift the money, which had been earmarked for rebuilding everything from roads and bridges to telecommunications and the outdated equipment pumping oil, appears to signal an abandonment of the administration's original plan for putting Iraq back on its feet as a functioning nation.
''A Wonderful Guy,'' from ''South Pacific,'' is pure joy without syrup, and ''Mister Snow,'' from ''Carousel,'' a warm and witty revelation.
They face provisional charges of murder and terrorism.
But there is a growing revolt, exemplified perhaps by parents in Ardsley who are circulating a petition to take to the school board about the difference between the district's stated homework policies and the amount of homework students actually have to do, asking simply that the current homework policy be enforced.
''The days of the ways of Saddam Hussein are over,'' said an Iraqi captain, Mahmoud Dulaimi, who was manning a checkpoint.
's success continues to be a surprise because it appears to defy the prevailing model for which companies thrive and which companies fail in personal technology.
He once fired an employee, interviewed in the film, by telling her: "I don't like the air that you breathe.
(Despite the egalitarian fervor of his 1919 Bauhaus manifesto, Gropius closed most other courses of study to female students.)
Jackson alternated between confronting Bryant over his behavior -- like not playing in a game when he was physically capable of doing so -- and trying to be lenient as Bryant went through his legal problems.
To learn what the dark matter and dark energy are, and what causes inflation, to understand the origin of matter, and to test approaches such as superstring theory that address these questions, we must have data about the smallest and shortest-lived particles.
So many celebrities have been coming that we have grown selective.
We awoke the next morning to a grim, gray rain.
The Yankees used Alejo to pitch batting practice indoors in Giambi's first season.
has drafted a ''global strategy on diet, physical activity and health.''
The other is a sculptural installation consisting of a video of an oscillating fan projected onto the actual working fan, which creates an impressive conflation of light, movement, shadows and reflections.
"During the week I'm more conservative, and on the weekends I wear a gingham shirt or a pink Fendi jacket."
"The only thing I'm disappointed about is that we tend to focus on negativity; we don't focus on a lot of the positive things we do.
But it is the quest of Mr. Reilly, casually dressed and, but for the faint crow's feet framing his eyes, the mirror image of his tousled-haired, 18-year-old self that is most poignant.
It's all about being healthy.
That meant starting operations in the bigger markets in Europe and the United States.
It wouldn't be fair to the picture or the character."
Buckley's experience may help the Jets in another way.
''But now I think I'm a little better at that.
"The Incredibles" was also full-frame, but whereas the flat, 2-D animation of "SpongeBob" played O.K.
MICAWBER BOOKS -- 110-114 Nassau Street, Princeton; (609) 921-0282.
Of course, it is also possible that your flower shortage is not a bearded iris problem.
Ms. Bills said: ''There were times when I thought the best thing would be for Miles to pass.
Handmade Tapestries Textile Museum, 2320 S Street NW, Washington; (202) 667-0441.
DreamWorks Animation plans to release two animated films a year.
When the last of the snow-pea leaves disappeared, that was it.
It did not look like the real thing, they said.
In interviews yesterday, several former F.D.A.
Father of Anita Neubauer and her husband, Jeffrey, and Stuart Nifoussi and his wife, Cheryl.
"They even took some of my jewelry off.
But Mr. Messier, who was released Wednesday on a bail of 1.35 million euros, or $1.6 million, still managed to strike a defiant tone, insisting that he had done nothing illegal and had always acted in the best interests of Vivendi's shareholders, according to his lawyer, Olivier Metzner.
This year's halftime show, which includes performances by Janet Jackson, Kid Rock, P. Diddy and Nelly, will also include a mix of live and prerecorded singing and music.
It flaked at the touch of a fork.
''These people are entirely dependent on food aid,'' Mr. Gavreau said.
DFA's funds have generally fared well in recent years.
Dykstra was diligent enough to establish a chain of car washes and start a handful of other businesses in Southern California.
We extend our heartfelt condolences to Joseph Cullman III, and the entire family.
He has more than 8,000 deputies under his command and 7,000 civilians.
In 1982, he donated a family home in Elmira, known as Quarry Farm, to Elmira College for use as a center for Mark Twain studies.
Louise Mirrer, who became president of the society on June 1 after serving as executive vice chancellor of the City University of New York, said, ''Hamilton is both the quintessential New Yorker and also absolutely emblematic of the direction this institution is moving in.''
She remains convinced that her daughter did get a better school.
It continues the tradition of ruining the country as a film backdrop, as found in ''Havana'' (1990) and ''Cuba'' (1979), where the unfortunate American movie characters have their love affairs ruined by that annoying sociopolitical turmoil.
For example, in Portland, there likely are mine tunnels snaking under the Quarry Ridge Golf Course, which Mr. Bellantoni investigated for the town a decade ago.
The lawsuit also charges that women were regularly paid less than men for the same work.
Basil E. Frankweiler,'' a brother and sister run away -- not to the circus, but to the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
"We consider the arrest arbitrary; it was purely political," said Morisseau Jean Rony of the Lawyer's Committee for Respect of Individual Liberty in Port-au-Prince.
''You know, 'Bet on us.
The Legislature has until July 30 to come up with a plan.
She said she did receive a letter from President Bush, but she was offended that it arrived by Federal Express.
We've heard of many instances where a strong privacy policy deteriorates in the blink of an eye.
Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co., New York, the big buyout fund, agreed to sell its 19.4 percent stake in Yellow Pages Income Fund, Canada's biggest directories business, less than a year after taking it public.
So this autumn, as the world's large insurers of natural disasters struggle to cope with Florida's stormy quartet now passed - Swiss Re, a top reinsurer, has seen both its quarterly results and its stock price blown away - they are obliged to consider that the hurricane season still has nearly two months to run.
Remove any fat from cavities of chickens, and place fat in a wide saucepan.
Mr. Garson was carrying his music in digital form, scanned into his MusicPad Pro Plus, a five-pound tablet computer made by a company called Freehand Systems.
Investors should focus on the fact that the company generates nearly $2 billion a year in Internet sales, he said.
But they decided to take the show beyond classic documentary, in which cameras record events rather than construct them.
The weekly series will continue through Aug. 28.
Died on June 27 at age 79.
MARQUETTE 77, LOUISVILLE 70 It was hardly the homecoming that Rick Pitino had anticipated, or hoped for.
Set a specific date because if you are vague and say a few days, those few days may drag on and you may be stuck with the guests who never leave.
Friend and mentor to many.
''He took his spirit of courage into his cooking,'' Martin Vulaj said.
when he touches the ball, ignoring Lakers center Shaquille O'Neal.
But in its regulatory filing, Delta said that all those cuts might not be enough.
Proehl caught a 27-yard touchdown pass from Kurt Warner to tie the score at 17-17 with 1:37 to go.
The memo concluded that a coercive procedure could not be considered torture unless it caused pain equivalent to that accompanying ''serious physical injury, such as organ failure, impairment of bodily function or even death.''
And certainly our bias is going to be constantly to review that balance.''
The angels descend to bring together a young store manager and a young man who wants to modernize his family's ornament factory in defiance of his widowed father's objections.
In the study, people who had memorized a pair of words were later shown one of them and asked to either recall the second word or to consciously avoid thinking about it.
But something changed around the early 90's inside Iraq.
''They wanted us to hold in place while they decided whether to buy: 'Don't grow.
-- K.L., San Diego A.
Masback said his model was Stern.
Rents for the one- and two-bedroom units in the four-story Sterling Glen building begin in the low $4,000's per month and go up to $7,000.
OTHER proponents argue that outsourcing brings efficiency and speed to the hectic tax-preparation season, which begins in earnest by February.
After seven years as deputy superintendent in New York, he became assistant superintendent of Hicksville, N.Y., schools, and was later appointed superintendent.
It's either starry, windless and clear or so stormy you think the yurt will lift off the ground.
Did Barry Bonds's whopping 232 walks make him more or less of an M.V.P.
The Board of Standards and Appeals is scheduled to make a final decision on the developer's request early next year.
Taking that action would essentially leave the state in violation of the settlement terms and subject to potentially harsher penalties from a federal judge.
I help out at the junior-high snack bar once a month.
Electricity is gone, and here and there along the railroad tracks, people have set fire to tires, whose black smoke and orange flames provide light.
He was a beautiful human being and will be missed by all who knew him.
Like the Chinese officials who were once his junior comrades, Mr. Rittenberg does not seem to waste much time wrestling with his conscience over his new role helping those who in the past he might have described as imperialist forces seeking to exploit China's vast resources and downtrodden masses for personal gain.
Former President Bill Clinton appeared before the panel in closed session on Thursday, but a Democratic commission member took issue Friday with Mr. Clinton's assertion that that there was not enough intelligence linking Al Qaeda to the 2000 bombing of the Navy destroyer Cole to justify a military attack on the terrorist organization.
"If you lose late, it hurts.
Fourteen pairs of slender diagonal columns seem to dance lightly around a perimeter that would normally be a palisade of uprights.
There were maybe two or three IV drips in the place.
Military officials said that Lieutenant Hall would not comment.
What, a Rodgers and Hammerstein musical isn't enough?
''Yes,'' I said, ''that's Michael Phelps.
And even if it does, he says, the criminals will come looking for something else.
A Canadian panel will investigate the government's decision last month to award a flight-training contract worth as much as 270 million Canadian dollars ($196 million) to Bombardier Inc. and the L-3 Communications Holdings Corporation.
The article also misstated the number of Knight Ridder daily newspapers and of those in cities where the foundation makes contributions.
The diodes self-destruct long before reaching temperatures that would make them fire hazards.
Admission: $5; students and 65+, $3 (Glueck) * ''FASHIONING FICTION IN PHOTOGRAPHY SINCE 1990,'' Museum of Modern Art, Queens, 33rd Road and Queens Boulevard, Long Island City, (212) 708-9600, through June 28.
"We did go back up at 2:30, so depending on the type of business and what their hours of operations are, each business will have a different degree of sales lost."
Unfortunately, a successful speed run kept eluding the group during the day as some volunteered computers proved unreliable.
Trachsel, however, turned from loser to no-decision pitcher with another post-Cameron offensive explosion.
''The problem is that, fundamentally, $45 a barrel is way beyond what the market can sustain.
David Nasaw, a history professor at the Graduate Center at the City University of New York, said the society's shift was the museum's gain because the society effectively has said that it wants ''to cede the ground and let the Museum of the City of New York take over New York'' ''The problem is, it's never been a standard history museum,'' Mr. Nasaw added.
In sermons full of fury, the sheik railed against the Egyptian government, calling for it to be overthrown and replaced with an Islamic state.
Green's agent, Greg Genske, said yesterday that a contract extension could be a factor in Green's decision about a possible move.
There are a 10-car garage and a separate conservatory.
His parents warmly welcomed their son's friends.
Mr. Wilson has responded with ''My Coney Island Baby,'' a 300-foot-long, 17-foot-tall glass-brick wall that pays whimsical homage to the area.
In interviews along a strip of car dealerships on West Central Avenue in Toledo, Ohio, this week, dealers and customers said that it was hard not to suffer sticker shock at the gas pump.
Clad on this tropical night in cream gabardine slacks, a matching six-button vest cosseting his pistachio Turnbull & Asser shirt and sky-blue-and-pink Hackett tie, Bentley -- the 30-year-old "arbiter of taste" for Courvoisier Cognac and the former umbrella-toting assistant to Sean Combs -- stands out in a roped-off corner near the bar.
In the heat, over the uneven surface, we didn't get too far.
One illustration of donor stinginess is the fact that the world today employs malaria cures that don't work.
He didn't muse, but Mr. Bauer was let go nonetheless after presiding over an embarrassing incident in which one Miss North Carolina was replaced by another, and then promptly sued the pageant after a former boyfriend threatened to reveal sexually provocative photos of her.
"The number of those who don't pay keeps increasing," Mr. Nxumalo said.
When it does surface -- in the form of dire warnings to stop pushing Great-Uncle Percy's claim to five acres of prime Connecticut real estate -- the threat to Sally's well-being is as hard to take seriously as her powder-puff efforts to play amateur sleuth.
But the vote is an occasion of profound symbolism - the first time Israel will agree to dismantle settlements in Gaza, 21 of them, and the West Bank, though only 4 tiny ones there will go.
RAMALLAH, West Bank, Nov. 18 - Of all the men who would be leaders of the nation that would be Palestine, he is the most popular, his personal story the most compelling, his command of Hebrew and understanding of Israelis the most sophisticated.
Then I bend another piece of rat wire over my box.
And they're showing up in Iraq for the same reason.
The group using our name did not heed my request before its October 2003 premiere, that due to our existence for eight years and to avoid confusion, it should rename itself.
They encouraged him to abandon the diet, but he continued through the month, gaining a total of 25 pounds and finding himself depressed and listless.
"I actually didn't want you guys to be aware of it," Mohammed said, referring to reporters.
Job listings is another area where having links to career tests could give Tickle an advantage over standard online job sites in attracting employers and job seekers.
Not surprisingly, they were fed up.
Born in New York City, he graduated from Columbia University.
But to be successful, he pointed out, the companies will also have to deal with substantial additional costs to promote their brand and services to get them into the hands of consumers and merchants.
Across from his Austin office is the future headquarters of Whole Foods Market, an enormous building still under construction that will house the grocer's new flagship store on the first floor -- all of 80,000 square feet -- which Mackey has privately declared will be the grandest supermarket in the world.
Here the motifs of corruption and degeneracy find a geographic home and a wider cast of sinister characters: Jews, prostitutes, financiers, rootless cosmopolitans of every description.
The fracture healed but the scar tissue that formed put pressure on a nerve in the shoulder, which was relieved by minor surgery in 1993, Dr. Zarins said.
Mr. Kerry adds and subtracts from his stump speech constantly, sometimes inexplicably.
I found even more detail at the site of the International Down and Feather Bureau, idfb.org.
"The really ugly stuff looks like the furniture on the Klingon spaceship," he said, then qualified his comment.
''There is a sort of Balanchine femininity that had to really be brought out of me -- 'Put some lipstick on right now,' '' she said, parroting her instructors with only slight exaggeration. ''
Antiwar liberals can applaud when he writes: "In 2003, the United States invaded a country that did not threaten us, did not attack us and did not want war with us, to disarm it of weapons we have since discovered it did not have."
Quickly, expertly, she sewed her daughters' vaginas almost shut.
The Education Ministry hopes to get much more financing this year, mainly from donors like the United Nations and the World Bank, to rebuild the system, including constructing 3,000 new schools, and to retrain teachers in modern teaching methods, Mr. Jaraah said.
8 7 4 ABSOLUTE FRIENDS, by John le Carré.
It's just more space for safety's sake."
Tenants said they found the increases outrageous.
One publication said the company had ''burned through'' $40 million with little to show.
The stream is covered in ice, and we pad over the frozen span and back onto the trail.
''He got very, very tired after the work,'' Zito said.
I have a friend who collects leaves from medieval manuscripts.
[World Business, Section W.] Stewart Company in Acquisitions Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia plans to announce that it is purchasing Body & Soul magazine along with a newsletter on self-healing.
As for the parking lot, I hardly knew Mission Street, had perhaps passed that corner only a handful of times.
The best, featuring a revolving circular road, is based on the traffic jam in Jean-Luc Godard's ''Weekend.''
''I'll tell you a guy who's getting a big kick out of this: Dean Smith,'' Michaels said, referring to Brown's college coach at North Carolina.
"I think we've been enormously unified as a legislature," Mr. Miller said.
As my boss, Mr. Kamel was a brutal taskmaster who forced us to work under impossible deadlines and was the motivating force for our nuclear effort.
Mr. Schweitzer at Nextel said he embodied those words.
There was nothing to stop someone who hadn't signed in, or even registered to vote, from grabbing a piece of paper and jotting down a name.
Tuesday at 10 a.m.; today at 1 p.m. Tickets: $12.50.
The rates for a general practitioner have gone from $40,000 a year to $100,000 a year for an insurance policy.
To the Editor: ''Guerrilla Raids Force Chechen Refugees to Flee Again'' (news article, June 28) notes the irony of refugees who left Chechnya for Ingushetia now escaping reprisals by returning to war-torn Grozny, as some fled in 1999 to Kazakhstan, where Stalin had deported them in 1944.
Now back to our gripping narrative.)
is being urged once again to collect intelligence on political organizations, it's instructive to realize that, even in a time when agents were free to disrupt and harass clearly visible targets, their ability to succeed in these efforts had relatively little to do with their access to raw intelligence data, or with their diligence in acting against particular targets.
But like most New Yorkers, I felt that the streets were probably too dangerous for using a bike as serious transportation.
If agreement with Congress Party allies can be reached over the weekend, Mr. Gandhi's mother, Sonia Gandhi, 57, will become India's next prime minister, following her late husband, Rajiv Gandhi, who led India for five years in the late 1980's.
''Those things had nothing to do with public health.''
Outside analysts agreed that shareholders are now in the driver's seat.
Until now, our editorials and op-ed articles have been like a camera with four main focal settings: World, Nation, Washington and New York.
Then, last year, after Assemblyman Richard L. Brodsky, a Democrat from Westchester, uncovered certain details of the contract at public hearings, the state comptroller, Alan G. Hevesi, rescinded his approval of the contract.
PHILADELPHIA -- Named Lynn Tubman associate director of athletics and senior woman administrator.
Asked why he used Miceli, Houston Manager Phil Garner said, "Got to get the guy on the horse when he's fallen off it."
), or that often seems delusional to those who are not in its thrall.
(Oops, excuse us, an Instant Message from MARLENE DIETRICH@otherside.com and by golly the girl must have an audio hookup, because it sounds like she is laughing her head off: "Mentor?
She recovered from the incident but died three months later.
In fact, only a small portion of the shoe collection was sale-priced, according to the suit, which was first reported last week in The Daily News.
It has acid-washed sleaziness guaranteed to get it mocked on ''Late Night With Conan O'Brien,'' strong language, sexuality and mucho hip-shaking.
Once, she said, "my kids were screaming and yelling, and there was no bagger, and the cashier said, 'Wow, we really do need a bagger here,' but nobody came to help me," she said.
They say how nice it is.
Most of the suggestions involved the line's policy of having passengers on regularly scheduled cruises pay for mixed drinks, rather than including it in a slightly higher fare.
Towers (2-2) allowed six hits, struck out three and walked one a day after Toronto's pitchers were rocked in a 19-13 loss to Tampa Bay.
The hotel and leisure company Accor reported a 37 percent decline in net income for 2003 as the global economic slowdown, the war in Iraq, the outbreak of severe acute respiratory syndrome and foreign exchange fluctuations hurt results.
Other popular bands were Zebra and the Good Rats.
Del said Kelso, a private equity firm in Manhattan, would add an additional $30 million to finance a holding company for Del.
The farms purchased by the state are auctioned off, with restrictions that forbid development.
Cedric Benson finished with 168 yards and a touchdown on 38 carries for the Longhorns (6-1, 3-1 Big 12) and became the sixth player in N.C.A.A.
Puzzled, she said, "What kid?"
That the 30 years that rock 'n' roll has informed our society was just a big'' -- he used the expletive again -- ''waste of time?
"But this is a book for people who have choices," she said.
It may be going out to theaters a little after its sell-through date.
The National League game is just more interesting, as demonstrated in the deciding game of the championship series in St. Louis on Thursday night.
He termed the administration's approach to remaking Iraq a ''crapshoot.''
Buñuel seems to be pounding on most of the hot buttons of Western culture at once, combining unbridled lust, creative blasphemy and even some gross-out gags that wouldn't be out of place in an Adam Sandler vehicle into a discontinuous narrative centered on a pair of lovers who never quite manage to get it on.
''With the lever of American patriotism, he lifted up the world,'' she said.
He has always been interested in a mix of the traditional and the transgressive.
A journalist in Australia reported the errors; this correction was delayed by an editing lapse.
"When I help someone, it's like helping myself," Ms. Thornton-Lucas said.
Instead of capitulating to the N.H.L.
Hunziker Theater, William Paterson College, 300 Pompton Road.
Mrs. Heinz Kerry's comments first appeared in USA Today on Wednesday.
It would be a crucial move into unproven territory for SBC, which like the other regional telephone giants wants to grow by expanding beyond phone and Internet services and into entertainment.
The raid occurred only moments after an opening-day ceremony attended by students, their parents and teachers.
The first fair was held that fall.
Tonight at 8:30, tomorrow night at 8, and Sunday at 3 p.m. Tickets, $22; $20 for students and 60+.
7 subway line west from Times Square underneath 41st Street to 11th Avenue and then south to 34th Street.
''Kelly Hoppen's style is what I'm about, what I've created over 25 years.
Tomorrow at 12:45 p.m. Fee: $10, $8, 62+ and students.
People throughout the region remained jittery.
The review began in early May after Staples unexpectedly parted ways with Martin/Williams in Minneapolis, a unit of the Omnicom Group, after two years.
Exploring this part of the coast takes work.
Until recently, power plants like the one in Monroe were governed by N.S.R.
In an economy the size of America's, that's roughly equivalent to no jobs at all.
If a teacher can demonstrate from this other work that the student is performing in the high end of Level 2 -- the second of the four levels, which is still considered failing -- the appeal will be considered in June.
By 12:30 he was back again.
The darling of the NBC news division has the reputation of being a genuinely nice person.
In particular, the new research has alarmed black women.
In addition, the administration appears to have given the contractor that won the deal to build the center a unique advantage.
Boldface Reporter: (Checking notebook) Mr. Pacino did say he was attracted to Mr. Radford's vision of Shylock as a tragic, flawed figure: "You can understand where his rage is coming from."
Preservation New Jersey also listed Roosevelt Stadium in Union City, a Depression-era structure that is supposed to be torn down to make way for a 1,700-student high school and a playing field.
It's that we recognize a fact of life, which is too much information, not enough time."
Benchmark: Knows that animals and plants have a great variety of body plans and internal structures that serve specific functions for survival Science Standard 7 – Understands how species depend on one another and on the environment for survival.
''The first day I got this group, I knew what was in store, basically,'' Brown said.
Entremets in medieval France was something altogether different: an elaborate show in which singers, dancers and jugglers cavorted about in an effort to entertain diners impatient for the next parts of their meal.
A good score in the game means you are hitting notes more or less on time and on key, but it doesn't mean you are singing well.
"You play until it's done.
Many Americans revere her as an arbiter of taste; others admire the business acumen that built a billion-dollar company, Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia.
Car line helps me keep up with the Joneses.
Wildlife experts contend that bison and other animals in the park suffer unnecessary stress from the noise and fumes from the machines.
Dr. Roger A. Pielke Jr., a science policy expert at the University of Colorado at Boulder, said government agencies of all sorts still had a lot to learn about alerting the public to uncertain risks, with the Department of Homeland Security's color coding of terrorist threats another example.
''She was born in the neighborhood, and she stayed here,'' said Alice Leone, 78, who works at St. Mary Star of the Sea, a block from Josie's.
"There, they're trained, they fight and acquire a technique and the indoctrination sufficient to act on when they return."
The new movement toward well-designed kid products echoes an older idea.
He not only sustains his workers' union wages, but makes sure they're busy virtually year-round.
That jury bestowed the Freedom of Expression Award to a Korean political film ''Repatriation,'' directed by Kim Dong-won.
Which is what Mr. Crotty's globes do, too.
Orders for nonmilitary capital goods excluding aircraft, an indicator of future business investment, dropped 3.6 percent, the first decline in five months, after rising 5.2 percent in September.
Mr. Khodorkovsky, a billionaire oil tycoon, has been in jail since October awaiting trial.
''This is a long-term project and fix for the sport.''
But in a postoperative news conference and again in the interview, Dr. Smith, a 55-year-old with a laconic manner, made the operation sound downright ordinary.
Of those staying overnight at Orchard Street center, 66 percent came from Hackensack.
Elliot J. Moritz Chestnut Ridge, N.Y.
[Gunmen killed another Sunni Muslim cleric in Miqdadiya on Tuesday, Reuters reported, citing witnesses and hospital officials in the city, 60 miles northeast of Baghdad.]
A poor boy from the gritty mill town of Ivanovo, in central Russia, young Slava was forced to leave school after seven years to help his mother make ends meet.
''I was relying on the transcript before.''
Reuters reported yesterday that the rumors were centered on the Havas accounting firm, Ernst & Young, refusing to certify Havas's financial results because of the claims of irregularities in Scandinavia.
Tonight at 9, classic jazz with the Mark Rapp Quartet.
IN attempting to analyze the outcome of a pro football playoff game, perhaps the best theory is the simplest: go with the team with the better quarterback.
In another, he plays drums in the band at a football game in front of 77,000 fans.
A business known for hushed conversations, transactions sealed with handshakes and private showings was turned inside out yesterday in a barren corner of the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center.
"The chaos, violence, bombings, civilian killings and whatever is happening right now in Iraqi cities is not stability.
Services Friday, 1:30 PM, "GuttermanMusicant", 402 Park Street, Hackensack, NJ.
The proposal in Albany apparently seeks to keep the vendors off major avenues, approximately from 30th to 64th Streets, throughout the year.
Tomorrow at 1:30 p.m. Donation: $5.
After her death, several top police officials were reassigned, a report was commissioned into what went wrong, the use of concussion grenades was suspended and the mayor took full responsibility when he spoke at Mrs. Spruill's funeral.
The travel warnings are on the Web attravel.state.gov/travel.
George E. Pataki was running for re-election and reaching out for votes in Hispanic neighborhoods.
The warnings have battered semiconductor shares, among them TSMC, as Mr. Chang's company is widely known, and Intel, the Silicon Valley global chip giant.
''You can put that out there.''
His test comes in South Carolina, a state where as many as half of registered Democrats are black.
The Nets had a technical foul before the game was a minute old, when Kerry Kittles served the ball like a volleyball toward the rafters.
13 45 BRINGING DOWN THE HOUSE, by Ben Mezrich.
At the Film Forum, 209 West Houston Street, west of Sixth Avenue, South Village.
Torre said the rookie Brad Halsey would keep his turn in the rotation and start on Monday in Kansas City.
When we spoke last month, he had just arranged for Ali Smesim, Mr. Sadr's top lieutenant, to visit the Kurdish leadership at Sulaimaniya.
''There are two powerful, yet conflicting currents,'' Mr. Green added.
"I kept on drinking beers, and the game kept going, and the next thing I know it's 11."
Whether on foot, on a bicycle or gliding through ocean water, Barbara Lindquist cuts a figure of an athlete in control of her surroundings and herself.
"He is from the Bronx.
Neighbors said they believed the father had Alzheimer's disease.
Last weekend, they did not distribute any food at all.
At one point, she got into an exasperated exchange with David B. Cabrera, an assistant commissioner of the state agency.
In the future, Dr. McClellan said, "P.P.O.
S. I. Newhouse Jr., the chairman of Condé Nast, has a bit more interest than most; he is an avid art collector who owns works by Jasper Johns and Jeff Koons, among others.
Mr. Cunjak, 31, is an assistant vice president of Sankaty Advisors, the bond investment affiliate of Bain Capital in Boston.
Mr. Morvillo said Ms. Stewart and Mr. Yousry shuttled Mr. Abdel Rahman's messages in and out of prison, which were then conveyed by Mr. Sattar to Islamic Group members eager to abandon the cease-fire and launch new attacks in Egypt.
And ever since then, it's been a relationship not with just cars but with a whole lot of stuff."
In October 2001, the museum invited a Tibetan lama to perform a ceremony designed to protect the site from ''misfortune and promote positive healing energies,'' said a museum spokesman, Tim Hallman.
"His admiring references to the Thai and Swedish systems in recent years suggested that Kim Jong Il was looking to transform the country into something like a limited monarchy rather than the absolute dictatorship it had become."
A jury in Louisville acquitted a former police officer in the shooting death of a black teenager whose death in January sparked protests and a call for a citywide boycott.
Faced with rigid federal sentencing rules, more criminals than ever are streaming to prosecutors seeking leniency for their own crimes in exchange for testimony, defense lawyers say.
''Grasso took no regulatory actions when confronted with evidence of fraud relating to the research analysis being offered by many of the largest N.Y.S.E.
* denotes a highly recommended film.
LOS ANGELES - In an era when every cable channel seems to have a show celebrating tricked-out cars and aftermarket auto accessories are a multibillion-dollar business, the ultimate celebrity status symbol might be having a guy on retainer who can pimp your ride.
A food-marketing consultant once told me that it's not at all uncommon for Americans to pay a visit to the health club after work for the express purpose of sanctioning the enjoyment of an entire pint of ice cream before bed.
Edward DeFazio, the Hudson County prosecutor, identified the men as New Gold employees but refused to release their names and said that they were not suspects in the fire.
Isiah Thomas gathered the Knicks around him Tuesday morning and congratulated them for how far they have come under adverse conditions.
A challenge to punch-card voting in Ohio, filed by the American Civil Liberties Union, went to trial in federal court in Cleveland, about three months before the presidential election and nearly four years after punch cards in Florida hung up results of the presidential election for more than a month.
''They like good, clean music.
Survived by son William (Agnieszka) Leeds of West Palm Beach, FL.
Ms. Andrews, Mr. Van Dyke and Mr. Sherman are joined on a well-edited alternate soundtrack commentary by Karen Dotrice, who played Mary's young charge Jane (Matthew Garber, who played Jane's brother, died in 1977), and by Walt Disney himself, through some resurrected interview tapes.
Walter Chaskel, 73, is the show's narrator, introducing 16 songs on subjects like ''new money vs. old money'' and the financial reasons that the elderly ''live in sin'' rather than marry, said the show's writer, Doris Willens, 78, of Northport.
His mother is a receptionist for a Wells Fargo Bank branch in South Portland, Me.
Music producers industrywide have been increasingly outsourcing the making and distribution of their discs.
She said she was walking home from the library when the boys, a junior and a senior, drove up and offered her a ride home.
Author(s): Sierra Prasada Millman, The New York Times Learning Network Javaid Khan, The Bank Street College of Education in New York City Suggested Time Allowance: 1 hour Objectives: Students will: 1.
For this program the group, conducted by Harold Rosenbaum, will be joined by two fine pianists known for their dynamic performances of new music, Marilyn Nonken and Christopher Oldfather.
Emmons, who missed one game with a groin injury, has 18 tackles and a sack.
The bride's paternal grandfather, the late Harding Foster Bancroft, was a vice chairman of The New York Times Company, where he had a hand in the decision to publish the Pentagon Papers.
"This is something I always wanted to do," said Mr. Russo, a semi-retired insurance salesman, of his creation, which took him two years to make.
On the other hand, missing such a diagnosis could result in permanent disability -- even death.
Full reviews of current shows, additional listings, showtimes and tickets: nytimes.com/theater.
Over the last dozen years, they have established themselves as the fearless printers who will take on any job in any alphabet, farming work out to typesetters fluent in Hebrew, Chinese or Polish, if necessary.
In its use of washed-out red, white and blue and deconstructed prep school classics like the rugby shirt, it suggested that at least someone in Mr. Jacobs's camp was making a fundamental, if perhaps unconscious, link to the times.
If anything, the lesson from Pitcairn Island is, for your children's sake, live in New York.
''He's part of the family and I'm very happy that he will finish his career as a Yankee.''
Mr. Bolton is the architect of the Proliferation Security Initiative, a 15-month-old loose coalition of 60 countries working to curb trafficking in materials for unconventional weapons and their delivery systems.
''But if you're asking whether the bloody head needs to be on the carpet, I don't know what that would accomplish.''
They include two Unitarian ministers and Jason West, the 26-year-old mayor of New Paltz.
That understandably gives rise to concerns that merit could give way to money in elections.
''It will reduce the reach of the proposal and make it easier to implement,'' said David M. Mason, a Republican commissioner.
White House officials have said that that position is naïve, and that North Korea was intent on cheating on its old agreement.
But the groups acknowledged that their activities could still be restricted when the commission takes up the matter once again in the spring, deciding questions like how they would pay for political commercials and voter mobilization, as well as which types of group would fall under the commission's jurisdiction.
Some effects are more obvious.
Europe might become the key U.S. ally in the war on terror, and anti-Muslim immigration laws would be tightened.
He has postconcussion syndrome, and the outcome of his attempted comeback, if he even makes one, continues to be a mystery.
But it doesn't adequately take into account the Brahmsian richness and sweetness of tone and phrase, or the tug of nostalgia that throbs in the contrast between the familiar (from hymn tunes to actual quotes from Brahms) and the unknown.
PAGE B9 Admission on Atom Secrets The founder of Pakistan's nuclear weapons program, Abdul Qadeer Khan, admitted on national television that he had shared nuclear technology abroad and asked his country for forgiveness.
Alongside came sage-imbued white beans with braised fennel and the delicate flavor of anise hyssop.
Gen. Mark Hertling, the First Armored Division's deputy commander.
Even if approved later this month, the amendment could not prevent such marriages from taking place because it would not take effect until November 2006 at the earliest.
Saturday at 8 p.m. Tickets: $15.
Academic Content Standards: Grades 6-8 Civics Standard 20 – Understands the roles of political parties, campaigns, elections, and associations and groups in American politics.
The killings prompted efforts to speed up passage of the legislation.
The frogs and their pedestals are more than a bow to whimsy.
The tussle is all the more piquant since Mr. Rose, who had worked for Marks & Spencer for 17 years, was chief executive of the Arcadia group of women's clothing stores, like Top Shop and Dorothy Perkins, when Mr. Green took over that company two years ago.
Nationally, the deduction for state and local taxes is one of the largest types of deductions that people take.
In the meantime, the justices directed San Francisco officials ''to enforce and apply the provisions'' of the family code without regard to their ''personal view of the constitutionality'' of the laws.
But that book didn't do it for him, either.
In my daily trips to the local grocery, I always lingered by the meats and cheeses.
Mr. Mousavian also made clear that Iran's decision was not legally binding.
It was Mr. Sadr who had turned the Imam Ali Shrine, one of the holiest sites in Shiite Islam, into a fortress from which he dared the government and the Americans to expel him.
And not all the lessons about evolution that the animal kingdom offers apply outside its borders.
The board of the Walt Disney Company said Monday that it had unanimously rejected the $54 billion unsolicited stock offer from the Comcast Corporation because it was too low.
Chris Hernandez scored 11 of his 13 points in the first 11 minutes as the host Cardinal (24-0, 15-0 Pac-10) built a big lead early.
Mr. Martin immediately called for a judicial inquiry, raising the prospect that senior Liberals, including former cabinet members -- and perhaps even former Prime Minister Jean Chrétien -- might be called to testify.
''The Day After Tomorrow,'' on the other hand, goes beyond the extreme, depicting global warming as a force that will rapidly overwhelm modern civilization.
''It's like they're going to put Las Vegas in my backyard,'' said Claudia Long, who lives on Mendham Avenue in Greenburgh.
Three of the four hurricanes that battered Florida this year swept through the I-4 corridor, and the fourth hit the Panhandle.
Today, Bernard Arnault, the chairman and chief stockholder of LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton, will name Marco Gobbetti, who runs the Italian fashion company Moschino, to be chief executive of Givenchy Couture, the troubled but once-renowned fashion house, executives involved in the deal said yesterday.
But that meeting did not take place until it was too late to schedule a primary.
Dede Brunetti, the company's vice president, said it had placed 28 instructors in classes ranging from preschool to 12th grade.
If you are not starting with leftovers, buy turkey thighs, which are meaty and become tender more quickly than do drumsticks.
''Things are more hopeful than perhaps people think,'' Dr. Karen Duff of the Nathan Kline Institute of New York University said.
is that it has had only about nine leaders during its entire history.
The United States has bomb experts here who could determine the exact cause of the explosion, diplomats said, but the Philippine government has not allowed them.
The discussion underscored the difficulty of choosing one from the total of 5,201 entrants in the competition for a memorial that would encompass heroic sacrifice and unfathomable loss.
''I love my work, I love my family,'' Mr. Conley said.
3, while the punk-rock outfit Green Day's "American Idiot" (Reprise/Warner Brothers) slipped from the top spot last week to No.
We did have relatives here, too poor to be of financial aid, but wonderful in giving moral support.
Even chemotherapy has gone suburban casual.
The Hraneks completed the furnishings with a few pieces of their own, including Thonet chairs from the 1950's for the dining table and a midcentury walnut sideboard by Jens Risom that Mr. Hranek bought for $200 from an old I.B.M.
They were primarily hedge fund investors -- not clients of Mr. Quattrone, who became known as "Friends of Frank," who were said to have been allocated stock offerings in the 1990's in return for investment banking business.
Although the field was far gone, I did make it ashore.
How would I explain to my construction-worker father that I -- the first in my family to go to college -- was tossing newspapers onto porches in the predawn like a schoolboy?
A person knowledgeable about the trip who spoke on condition of anonymity said that the expectation was that the group would visit a nuclear weapons plant, possibly at Yongbyon, but that their schedule in North Korea would not be known until the group arrived.
A memoir by the former head of the United States Central Command.
"You can't say you support the troops but you don't support the mission," Mr. Alexander said in his cluttered office.
And Assemblyman Herman D. Farrell Jr., the chairman of the Manhattan Democratic Party and the state party, stood in the audience.
Whole buildings, minarets and human beings were vaporized in barrages of exploding shells.
8 5 2 RECKLESS ABANDON, by Stuart Woods.
Lincoln's words, for instance, are spectacular in their clarity, his unfancy handwriting clearly showing him to be ''an unadorned man of the people,'' as Mr. Coover put it.
Independent producers and filmmakers have long believed that audiences in the American heartland were willing to pay to see small, interesting movies like last year's ''Thirteen'' or the unusually animated ''Tripletes of Belleville,'' which were both nominated for Oscars.
Now he feels on course to be healthy again in time for the Athens Olympics in August.
The view of Native societies is utopian, while Christianity appears as a patriarchal blight."
''It might make someone irate,'' he said.
Those who live on parts of Suffolk Street, for example, qualify for delivery; those on Allen don't.
Among the Jewish-life programs are a series of recreations of Jewish wedding music from around the world and the season-opening concert, on Sept. 19, devoted to settings of the Kol Nidre prayer.
In November, Shi Tao, a poet and journalist based in Hunan Province, was accused of leaking state secrets and arrested.
It said that delays in the process of licensing or the renewal of licenses for day care centers, and for staff background checks, were major problems that often led to centers operating without appropriate approvals for their facilities or staffs.
The companies' influence stems largely from the perception that, with their billions of dollars of credit with the Treasury, the government would bail them out if they became insolvent.
DETROIT - "IS that a hearse in your driveway?"
"The administration will continue to pursue the same policies they have pursued, and I'm confident that if they do, they will encounter opposition from that quarter."
But last night the firm said it would accept the ruling and would not appeal.
And I'm still not going to give up, because there is still a lot of work to do."
Shocked with the device, the man appeared to revive, but more shocks were needed.
The remaining 10 percent is the persuadable swing, certainly.
The increase, which brought the value of goods at distributors, warehouses and terminals to $309.5 billion, followed a gain of 1.4 percent the month before, the Commerce Department said.
Born in 1930 to an affluent Jewish family in the small city of Lvov, Poland, which is now Lviv, Ukraine, he survived the Holocaust posing as a Catholic altar boy.
The Kerry-Edwards administration, unlike the Cheney-Bush agenda, will invest in jobs, health care and education, not Halliburton and other corporate cronies.
Picture five kids who have dumped a giant chest of dress-up accessories around them, and are dragging them through the family aquarium, piece by piece, according to a mysterious logic.
''Old age was not particularly kind to him,'' he said.
Must be able to type, take phone messages -- and, ideally, not end up testifying in federal criminal proceedings against the boss.
"Twenty kilograms of beef in the refrigerator every day must have been a great temptation to the workers who were never given beef."
However, the political climate now is very different, and Democrats said Monday that a recess appointment by a lame-duck President Bush would be politically unthinkable.
In the Hollinger case, regulators are preparing to seek an order barring him and Lord Black from serving on boards of public companies, and the Justice Department has opened an inquiry to examine whether any criminal laws were violated.
"This guy's either an arms dealer or he's an I.E.D.
State House staff members were still dazed by Mr. McGreevey's announcement on Thursday that he was gay and had had an extramarital affair with another man.
It's just this late in the game, those types of mistakes can cost you a championship and even throw a championship away."
The extra income makes it possible for the mayor to break from the gloomy budgets he has presented since taking office in 2002, which together have reduced the municipal workforce by 18,000 employees, cut $3 billion from agencies and increased property taxes by 18.5 percent.
She took hormone shots and gave birth when she was 48 to a daughter, Emma Claire, now 6, and to a son, Jack, now 4, when she was 50.
Trinity would like to bring not only lectures and discussions to the new space, but also its pastoral counseling center, which offers services to the needy and is now in an office building.
The Mets beat the first-place Dodgers, 6-1, taking two of three games.
Ricardo Clark scored from 35 yards away in the 50th minute to make the score 2-2, but Petke followed with his first goal of the year.
By lunchtime, despite a dizzying array of weather that seemed to represent all four seasons in the space of an hour, a steady stream of visitors was arriving.
On the cover was a picture of a mom and dad and two kids and two dogs.
"It's All Relative," tomorrow at 2 p.m. at Dance Theater Workshop, 219 West 19th Street, Chelsea, (212) 924-0077.
Sondie has had two pros visit, one from Denmark and one from Sweden.
"They never touched the school," he said.
The current thinking -- my God is better than your God -- is highly irreligious.
The Red Sox, baseball's happy hobos, only cared that they had finally won it.
A Cloud Over Custody On Nov. 25, Javi's foster mother was supposed to take him to the Salvation Army building on 14th Street for a visit with Mr. Sanchez.
General Electric, the world's biggest company by market value, added 33 cents, to $34.38.
''Since television can now report live from anywhere in the world,'' he continued, ''television reporters sometimes become color commentators who narrate news events rather than carrying out in-depth news reporting.''
When someone dressed as a 10-foot white bowling pin walked by -- an advertisement for Bowlmor.com -- Officer Kitsakos yelled, ''Hey you want to do something different?''
Janice Stanton, a real-estate manager who has taken about 30 classes from Jennifer Herman Clair, started what she calls her remedial education with one-on-one classes, but soon invited friends to attend and now has a class on most Wednesday evenings.
Given the egos and statures involved, party officials said it was no easy task to choreograph the order of the speakers.
In speeches at Yale and in Washington, he said affirmative action had achieved many positive results.
"People typically think that hikers and backpackers are environmentally friendly, and four-wheel-drive enthusiasts are not," he said.
I know from what members of the Perkins family have told me that he would have been mortified by the idea of such a thing.
Shares of Boise fell 6 cents, to $32.99 yesterday.
This seemed to echo the perception that Jack lightly mocked the day before.
But he said the bill was unlikely to emerge from a subcommittee in the current political climate.
In his remarks, Mr. Aristide recanted his earlier statement, made to CNN shortly after his arrival, that he was being held prisoner in Bangui.
''There are still roadblocks in the way, and even though this is a great day in terms of this issue, I'm not jumping up and down and walking down the aisle just yet.''
Eileen Murphy, a spokeswoman for the Education Department, said the test was used appropriately.
After the Druyun scandal erupted late last year, Philip M. Condit, then Boeing's chief executive, resigned.
It starts its life as white wine made from the palomino grape but for some mysterious reason produces a yeasty substance called flor, which gives it its unusual character.
Lamb chops with Dijon cream sauce are perfectly well executed, but somehow the dish tastes non-descript.
They renovated their apartment room by room, and when they finished in 2000 turned their attention to the building's lower half.
There also is extensive tile work, including some colorful Talavera-style tiles with the traditional blue and yellow details inspired by Spanish majolica.
''Well, we have to taxi first, David,'' he responded.
"There was an exhibition of American Romantic painting.
Her father was William Cecil Marshall, an architect, the runner-up in the first Wimbledon final in 1877 and a friend of Darwin.
He worked with the publisher George Smith, and Sir Sidney Lee (born Solomon Lazarus), a bachelor scholar, ardent Shakespearean and, in Mr. Harrison's view, "the real hero" of the first D.N.B.
Ms. Pelosi also dismissed Mr. DeLay's claim that he had been absolved.
But then Ms. Barrymore shows up as Lucy, a lovely art teacher suffering from temporal lobe damage, and everything starts looking up.
Mom, Dad, Bill, Jamie, Aunt Dorothy, Uncle Lou
Ms. Karter said that in the last 20 years sales of books to American publishers had steadily declined, from about 80 a year in 1983 when the office was founded, to a low of 40 in 2002.
By the time the show's beloved title tune arrives, shortly after this assault, the audience has been transformed into a single being dazed on showbiz sentiment, with eggnog for brains, you might say.
Herring is a native of Stockton, Calif. She now lives in Norwalk.
By 2000, tax receipts were hearty and schools of all kinds reaped the benefits.
The first line slouches toward surrealistic claptrap, but the use of ''assassin'' as a verb is, I think, as pure an expression of rock 'n' roll's outlaw sensibility as you are likely to find.
"We got a plane to catch!"
"The important thing is that I do not let them corrupt me, that I don't permit corruption."
Telstra will buy the 50 percent stake for 450 million Australian dollars ($317 million) from Mr. Li's Hutchison 3G Australia.
The average rent in the Flatiron District is $29 a square foot, Newmark said.
New Mexico provides a good mix of Democratic voters, including the nation's highest percentage of Hispanic residents (42 percent).
The dress blue uniforms of the Fire Department spilled down one half of the steps outside St. Benedict's Roman Catholic Church in the Bronx yesterday.
Communities built more than 30 years ago typically were put in the outskirts of towns.
Thrillingly unexciting, it is the tributary less traveled.
''We're talking about a new police station, a new community and cultural center, a new park in District 4, upgrades for every park and recreation area in Inglewood,'' Mr. Dorn said.
Next time we come back, there won't be any Games and we can get right to the museums and the beaches.
Neither Upshaw nor Harold Henderson, the management council chairman, said he anticipated a strike or a lockout, but both acknowledged that the negotiations would be tough.
''It's not just the sort of who-is-going-to-win campaign right now,'' said Joe Trippi, Dr. Dean's national campaign manager, reflecting the sentiment among all the campaigns.
It is a suggestion likely to be championed by city council members.
"There is a daily newsletter," she said, to alert doctors where the remaining vaccine is going.
Forging a relationship, in Hurwitz's reckoning, is by definition a long-term project -- ideally a lifelong one.
"I'd caution against drawing any conclusions on a single quarter," Mr. Kertzman said.
He joined Middendorf, Colgate & Company, an investment-banking firm, in 1946, and at the direction of J. William Middendorf, Mr. Hathaway established the Middendorf Foundation.
Where did they come from?
Another lawyer for the group, Joshua Carden, said the court had rendered the San Francisco marriages meaningless.
He praised Japan's progress in dealing with deflation and bad bank loans.
The fund is skewed toward technology stocks, reflecting Mr. Sah's leaning toward growth.
Blame or thank Israel: our state is apparently roughly its size, and anyone who has ever wanted to make a point good, bad or indifferent about that country has felt compelled to mention this.
Barnes & Noble is betting that there are film students, or perhaps development executives, who want just that: it recently added film study guides to the Shakespeare and math notes already available on its Web site SparkNotes.com.
''Veterans are not only voters, they're centers of influence,'' says Rick O'Dell, a Vietnam veteran and Democratic activist who is organizing veterans for the Kerry campaign.
It was a small chapel, financed with private money.
Dr. Jerry Avorn, the author of "Power Medicines: The Benefits, Risks and Costs of Prescription Drugs," said he thought that when older drugs were available, "there better be a damn good reason to take the new drug."
The theory that the Democrats are gay-baiting is no more plausible, though this tactic has a long and dishonorable history.
How would retirement benefits be adjusted to account for the switches?
Louis Gohmert, a Republican and former judge, won the seat held by Max Sandlin, a Democrat, and Ted Poe, another former judge, ousted Nick Lampson, another Democratic incumbent.
In the past, American officials have looked at the materials by type or by region, but not on an integrated basis.
Set into the roof, too close to eye level, is a light that indicates when the passenger air bag is off.
The text of the letter was not known.
The family was first deposited in a newly built village in Xinjiang, a region in northwest China.
Calpers said it would vote no on the proxy vote, scheduled for June 28.
They cited unsanitary conditions in the small farm's lettuce-washing area.
Yield: 4 servings OXTAIL SOUP Adapted from Pam Panyasiri Time: At least 2 hours 3 pounds not-too-lean oxtail, cut into 1-inch sections, rinsed 2 cups chopped tomatoes 2 6-inch cinnamon sticks 6 star anise 1/3 cup soy sauce 2 teaspoons coriander seeds, toasted and ground (or use ground coriander) 2 teaspoons cumin seeds, toasted and ground (or use ground cumin) 1/2 cup neutral oil, like corn or canola, optional 1 cup small onions or shallots, thinly sliced, for garnish, optional 1 teaspoon chopped fresh red Thai chili, or to taste, or chili powder or flakes 1/3 cup lime juice, or more 1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves for garnish, or more 1/4 cup minced scallion for garnish.
The family got $3,100 in donations from local politicians, social workers, government officials and Sikh expatriates from this area.
Completing the program are a song for violin and piano (''Ljusare,'' a lustrous essay in approach-avoidance conflict), a curious attempt to arrange Webern's Piano Variations as a miniature concerto and a fragment based on the ''In Nomine'' melody beloved of composers of the 16th and 17th centuries.
Aside from the very late bloomers, like the Santa-red, single-flowering Yuletide, sasanquas usually come and go before the winter holidays.
www.maryjanesfarm.com AMANDA POSES moved her Fill-R-Up gift basket company out of her Manhattan home to Lexington Avenue when she began getting requests for get-well packages in addition to her party baskets.
On Saturday, attend the mariachi mass at St. Augustine's Cathedral and the Fiesta de Garibaldi in Armory Park featuring live mariachi and Mexican dance performances.
In the Senior Teams, the Americans have been battling the Dutch players for a week.
Mr. Esser argued through most of the negotiations that Mannesmann would be better off alone.
''It will be a very different focus.''
Initially, the album will be available only through www.bostonpops.org or (888) 266-1200 and at Pops holiday season tour concerts.
And the company has laid off many of its midlevel talent managers, focusing on bigger clients.
It's not for lack of trying to boost student performance, and improve those numbers.
"It shows the depth, the character, the heart, the guts of our ball club," Wakefield said.
Thirty-six Democrats voted in favor of the amendment.
In 1998, the federal government tried to reduce the risk of gasoline leaks by requiring that all faulty underground tanks be upgraded or removed.
It is not just more conservative than the Whitney; it defines art differently.
The figures did not take into account the Saudi announcement on Wednesday.
He was a writer without compare, a professional actor, director, book editor, recording artist, columnist, Yiddishist, humanist, Shakespearean scholar and Yankee fan.
Want to dress your lunchbox sandwich in an almost-Burberry plaid, smarten it with stripes or give it a floral theme?
Robert J. Reilly, President Henry F. White, Jr., Historian
''But a lot of designers miss the boat on what women want to wear, since sexiness in clothes, for this gay woman at least, boils down to an innate confidence in sexuality.''
Mr. Bush also said the cuts were needed "to get us out of the recession."
Our own itinerary continued still farther east.
One way Jews can perform them is to contribute either money or professional services to Chabad Lubavitch of Westchester, which these days has an annual budget of about $2 million, much of it generated through a fund-raising gala and private contributions.
Mostly, these experiments have been staged in Europe, although Mr. Gordon lives in New York.
Or is the greater right that of the company's owners to express their faith?
His father runs the dermatopathology laboratory at the Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons in Manhattan, where he is also a clinical professor of dermatology and pathology.
''In view of the acknowledgment by the Court of Appeals that Sabbath laws are founded in religious beliefs, it is time to declare all such laws unconstitutional,'' he wrote.
The village, with cobblestone streets, has a church in mustard and gray stucco and a white-on-white appliquéd bandstand on the square.
In testimony several weeks ago, Mr. Ovitz said that he did not recall his departure being discussed at a meeting.
This development is a reminder that Ms. Rendell never forgets to construct an expert, teasing mystery, stuffed jaguar and all.
After months of calling for an international effort to eradicate the disease, the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization declared in late September that the virus had become so widespread in domesticated and wild birds alike that it would take years to wipe out, though health officials are not even sure it is possible to do so.
In the 1990's Mr. Crane seemed to be fading both politically and physically, but he regained some of his vigor after a stay at an alcohol rehabilitation clinic in 2000.
In addition to her endless stitching, she became the organizing force of the collection, itemizing and storing everything appropriately on padded hangers and in drawers free of the acid that can come from wood.
Robert M. Morgenthau, Chairman, Police Athletic League
'Experiencing Tosca' Tethered Moon The Japanese pianist Masabumi Kikuchi has maintained a trio for the last five years with Mr. Motian and the bassist Gary Peacock called Tethered Moon, and its latest recording is ''Experiencing Tosca'' (Winter & Winter), a concept album based on themes and arias from Puccini's ''Tosca.''
In season, I always take the fresh peach, full of the flavor of ripe fruit.
We relied on her pithy and sensible advice, always delivered with good humor.
He made his name in 2000 on ''The Perfect Storm'' by using particle theory to manipulate computer-graphic water molecules to form huge ocean swells -- complete with whitecaps, foam, spray, rain and lightning -- and a hapless fishing boat desperately trying to scale a mountain of water.
But Mexico's forests, he added, are also the strongholds of drug traffickers and armed rebels.
''He doesn't have a huge acquisition cost like the Red Sox or the Dodgers,'' Marc Ganis, an industry consultant, said.
Stewart's book bumps "The Family," Kitty Kelley's drive-by parsing of all things Bush, down to No.
Funeral Mass Thursday 10am St. Mary's RC Church Manhasset.
Mr. Edwards continued his policy of refraining from direct attacks on Mr. Kerry, a policy that he takes care to point out to each audience.
Even a dove like Etkes has doubts that a full Israeli withdrawal from the West Bank would necessarily mean peace.
When he last played baseball, May 6, he was a member of the last-place Pirates.
We know it probably wasn't that old bad actor, Haemophilus influenzae Type B, because he was fully immunized.
Coventry shares shed $5.76, to $46.29.
These brand names may set up certain expectations among critics and dedicated filmgoers, but do they mean anything to the general public?
I know you're tired of the words.
''So, it has been hard to believe that you would choose to re-open these wounds for your personal political gain.
Mr. McKeon, who is partly responsible for overseeing the reauthorization of the Higher Education Act, warned he would restore the bill's penalties if universities appeared to slack off in their efforts to curb costs.
"There was Stanley Kubrick's 'Paths of Glory,' but not much else," says Jeunet.
Warm weather always puts a dent in the bottom line, he complains.
As impressed as Mr. and Mrs. Weiss were by the Segway's design, they said they would have to think about it some more before actually putting down the money to take one home.
But other research has raised the possibility that eccentric exercise may increase blood flow more than concentric exercise does.
Ron clearly hoped to cheney his way from chairman of the board at Marduk Industries to the ambassador of Luxembourg, preferably using other people's campaign donations.
There are cheaper and faster ways to make life easier for airport travelers than building a $6 billion tunnel and train system.
Diverting a bus or two off the campus loop could help bring people together.
"This on-again-off-again relationship with composting and other programs is a huge problem because the public has no idea what rules are in effect at any given moment," said Councilman Michael E. McMahon, a Staten Island Democrat and chairman of the Council's waste management committee.
Secure Shell is often used now to make connections instead of Telnet programs.
My daughter, a month shy of her 15th birthday, is traveling on Delta Airlines with some of her lacrosse teammates, all over 15.
This is part of history; these guys stay."
She is the one who found a support group for her mother-in-law, at Sunnyside Community Services.
But that first deal with the Europeans fell apart.
But questions linger, none graced with easy answers.
But Karin J. Immergut, the United States attorney in Portland, said at a news conference that the investigation of Mr. Mayfield had nothing to do with his religion.
Roy MacGregor, a columnist for The Globe and Mail and a former youth hockey coach, said Mr. Cherry's commentary led to ''boorish behavior, bad coaching technique, and it lessens the skill level of the game.''
Still, this dark era forced the PRI, the party that ruled Mexico throughout most of the 20th century, finally to undertake painful reforms to modernize the economy and the political system.
And while his HTML skills may require some honing -- poor formatting cuts off some of his observations -- they have been effective enough to single-handedly bring about an official inquiry into Dr. Sonedecker's spending habits.
event for the first time permitted two men to dance together at a championship level.
That means Juliana has eight more summers to go up in Meriden, but she doesn't want the relationship to end.
In fact, the aviation agency recently added capacity by changing the traffic pattern above 30,000 feet, so planes can fly within 1,000-foot layers instead of 2,000-foot layers.
At least three dealers will have portraits in the American Antiques Fair.
The Morgan Stanley name embodies the essence of white-shoe financial wisdom, dating to the 1930's, when the firm was carved out of the original J.P. Morgan.
In the documentary ''Hearts of Darkness: A Filmmaker's Apocalypse,'' Mr. Coppola said he was stunned when Mr. Brando first appeared on the set, grossly overweight and shaved bald.
At heart, a theme carwash is both unadulterated business and roadside art that, like many kinds of art, jolts people when they are least expecting it.
The drawing was fully mature, without a weak moment, and possessing its own voice.
"She's going to be happy and sad, no matter what."
"But there is one sin for which Hollywood has always been unforgiving: failure.
Look around in New York City; how many fat people do you see?
I beckoned, caught up in the drama.
A Columbia College 1942 graduate, he was the youngest American diplomat sent to the Eastern bloc following World War II.
7 subway line as the project most in need of championing, and said he would reserve judgment on the New York Sports and Convention Center proposed for the Jets on the West Side.
Other performers include the Flux Quartet, the cellist Fred Sherry, the bassist Edgar Meyer, the violist Paul Neubauer and the clarinetist David Shifrin.
His show, ''Phil at the Gate,'' in which he played a security guard for a gated suburban community, never got past the pilot stage at NBC.
Keeping busy, he said, helps keep his spirits up.
He was a superb teacher and mentor to countless students and young doctors.
Migrants' passage through Mexico, while not new, is surging.
Of the teams below the Islanders, only Buffalo has made up ground since the start of January.
Targeting Bolkestein personally as partisan and an irritant, Germany rejected his pressure to rescind a law protecting Volkswagen from hostile takeover, but wound up last week being taken to court by the commission.
The United States Naval Undersea Warfare Center, which occupied 32 acres, closed in 1996.
He went to the Wharton School on a scholarship, supplemented with odd jobs, and graduated with a bachelor of science degree in economics in 1939.
At one point, the sanctions committee outmaneuvered Mr. Hussein on the illegal surcharges the Iraqis levied on every barrel of oil.
"I don't feel anything," Rosemary says in the play's last moments.
Every Sunday afternoon in the coldest part of the year, the Connollys, who live in a comfortable, rambling house beside the lake, gather their friends for a leg-churning, lung-searing pond hockey tournament.
Mayer and Neo and Eco Martinson.
Although Mr. Gates's commitment to public education is unquestioned and he is widely admired here, "my hunch is that his influence with voters will not be very great," said Stuart Elway, an independent pollster here.
Sosa told The Chicago Sun-Times he was in the clubhouse until the seventh inning.
''They don't know when I'm going to show up.''
Mr. Lehane's profile was lowered after his Jan. 19 appearance on ''Hardball,'' on which he called for Mr. Kerry, for whom he had once served as a volunteer, to release his tax records.
A study by Dr. Aiken found that patients scheduled for routine surgery were 31 percent more likely to die in a hospital with a patient-to-nurse ratio of eight to one than in a hospital with a ratio of four to one.
The moderates also hope a new, more democratic leadership can revive the credibility of institutions like the Palestinian Authority, which has largely fallen apart in the last four years of violence, causing a vacuum that groups like Hamas have begun to fill.
The Times pays the fund's expenses, so all contributions go directly to the charities, which use them to provide services and cash assistance to the poor.
Her mother teaches English as a second language at Wellstone International High School in Minneapolis.
To wear a wedding ring is to declare, albeit nonverbally, that you are married.
A. N. FELDZAMEN Ithaca, N.Y., May 9, 2004
Chicken cutlets and baked ziti were his best dishes.
"What was wrong was that I made the decision to go public on it at the Consumer Electronics Show," he said in a recent interview in Intel's Santa Clara headquarters.
The good news is that many Iraqis in the more peaceful areas of the country have shown the courage to come forward and work with their local governments.
But the deal for the remaining $6 million -- $4 million for the end of some economic sanctions and $2 million when the United States took Libya off the list of nations supporting terrorism -- expires on July 22.
''At first I heard a lot of rumors about him, but he wasn't that person at all.''
Mr. Ienner spent several years as the general manager of Mr. Davis's Arista Records label before being lured away in 1989 to become the president of Sony's Columbia label.
For my money, the best organizing principle for Republicans centers on the word ''reform.''
It would be prudent because it sometimes seems as if the Nets do not know whether they are coming or going.
One of the releases from 1970, which has been widely reported on, called Mr. Bush "one member of the younger generation who doesn't get his kicks from pot or hashish or speed" but rather through flying fighter planes.
vice president involved in the project, said.
RONCO, a Washington consulting company, developed a proposal to screen Iraqi soldiers so they could join a new fighting force or be retrained for other duties.
03-334, is how to characterize the United States role in that Cuban outpost, which it has occupied since 1903 under a perpetual lease that gives it ''complete jurisdiction and control'' while preserving Cuba's ''ultimate sovereignty.''
He has also met regularly with Richard J. Codey, president of the State Senate, who will succeed him unless he leaves office before Sept. 3.
For iPodlings who really like to drive, Digital Lifestyle Outfitters has released the latest version of the TransPod FM, a combination digital FM transmitter and iPod-battery charger designed to work with the slim redesigned iPods that appeared last spring.
The bridegroom, 47, is the president of Charney Research, a polling and market research business in Manhattan.
One of those university types who exist only in movies, one whose spouting about Darwin, biology and love is meant to be deep but sounds like the chemically enhanced ramblings of an undergraduate, he can't wrap his mind around the pointlessness of the disaster.
The party had received money from sources in many Middle Eastern countries, including Iran, he added, and the funds had come from individual donors rather than governments.
Another longtime resident would meet only away from the building, where no one could see her talking.
But McNabb was intercepted by Manning on Philadelphia's first two drives of the second half.
We wish to convey our sincere condolences to his family, including his wife Rusty, children and grandchildren.
Was this the fruit of a report that you requested that you received a week ago that showed there was no connection between Abu Musab al-Zarqawi and Saddam Hussein?
''First I'm chasing butterflies,'' she said gently.
The name most frequently heard as a successor to Dr. Paige is Margaret Spellings, the White House chief domestic policy adviser who was one of six authors of the education law, the No Child Left Behind Act.
The crew dons anoraks as rain starts to fall.
These were religious women who absolutely never missed an episode.''
A New Yorker who flew to Israel to take part in pro-Palestinian marches was denied entry and ordered expelled, and she has spent the past week in Israeli custody at the airport while fighting the deportation order, her lawyer said Wednesday.
Fahrenkopf is reportedly paid in seven figures to praise all things casino, but he can't seem to help taking a poke at the slot machine.
The outcome of that game, played on Oct. 7, 2000?
Thursday, 7:30 to 9 p.m. Free.
As she does most days, Ms. Zyrski was assembling a conference of elders.
The mood grew somber, however, when the Astros lost 22 of 35 games from June 11 to July 20, going from six games over .500 to three games under it, and fired Manager Jimy Williams.
The price in the acquisition is almost double Rainbow Rental's closing share price Tuesday.
He first asked $2.35 million.
How will you contrast moving, emotional images or clips with more down-to-earth scenes?
"This film wins an entry into the debate," said Jerome R. Corsi, an author of "Unfit for Command," the best-selling critique of Mr. Kerry's Vietnam record.
The Macy's Thanksgiving parade in New York City is heavy on balloons and uses paid float drivers from the Teamsters union.
Let a major politician take cover in the passive with something like ''mistakes were made,'' fuzzing accountability, and critics will rightly call him on it.
How we shall miss him.
Analyze a graph representing college tuition increases.
As he spoke, he dramatically added lines and curves, each signifying another form of textual interpretation, intersecting or glancing off the circle.
To lure them to NA, Mr. Ashman is relying on star power (albeit of the B variety).
Resources / Materials: -image of piece from “A Minimalist Future?
"People were in a wait-and-see situation," said Saeed Leylaz, a journalist and an analyst in Tehran.
''Tomorrow, I'm aiming for the bunker,'' said Triplett, tired of watching his golf ball skim across the green like a rock across Peconic Bay.
Mr. Jones said the Sheindlins were the only neighbors to complain about the field.
The Wal-Mart manager, Mark Brown, called her ''a nice lady'' with lots of enthusiasm.
"They're doing the same thing they always do," said Stephanie Cutter, Mr. Kerry's communications director, referring in particular to the remarks by the former president.
Anna Myer and Dancers Danspace Project at St. Mark's Church
I referred him to an attorney.
They fell 4 cents, to $17.12, in regular trading.
Pretty much what it would be if four out of five homeowners did not lock their front door -- some because the lock was too complicated, some because they didn't know that it wasn't locked and some because they didn't know they had a door.
Actors, artists, scientists, professors, barbers, the occasional business executive are fine if they have facial hair.
With that much interest, clearly it is a building of significance that should be considered a New York landmark.
The last original Coleman musical to make it to Broadway was "The Life" (1997), which focused on the corrosive existence of a Times Square prostitute, played by Pamela Isaacs, and the pimps and other women surrounding her.
It also postponed until next Wednesday a news conference, scheduled for today, to announce its new season.
Mr. Littlefield was one of those needy patients who ended up with a clinical care specialist because doctors were at their wits' end.
Neither Energy Department nor State Department intelligence experts were given a chance to review the Winpac assessment, prompting complaints that dissenting views were being withheld from policy makers.
(By the time you read this article, a slew of indignant refutations and addenda will probably be available online.)
One day in early January, the older woman was in the spotlight in the Russian group.
Mr. Rubin said Mr. Goldstein has indicated that he intends to sue the authorities for wrongful imprisonment and civil rights violations.
Since then, Alinghi and Oracle have kept their programs going and added crew members for the next Cup competition, in 2007 off Valencia, Spain.
McCleskey led the team in tackles (100) and set a team record for sacks (5 1/2) by a defensive back.
Then, using a model of mutation rates, he worked backward to determine how large the population would have to have been to have such diversity.
Before the decision, Hartford Memorial Baptist Church in Detroit had paid for almost two years of the rent, said Edith Clifton of the church.
That's why monkeypox, when it first arose in the Midwest, so frightened people.
Dartmouth (0-7, 0-4) pulled within a point when Dan Shula connected with Bob Murphy for a 12-yard touchdown pass with 2:15 left.
Breuners Home Furnishings, based in Lancaster and one of the nation's biggest furniture retailers, is expected to close most of its 47 stores nationwide.
It would also require all independent state authorities to follow the same procurement rules regular state agencies do.
"I give better summations than he does."
But these warm feelings are tinged with the bittersweet.
Mr. Crawford said the future growth of broadcast television was in doubt because of the splintering of audiences.
In evoking the lost Cuban-American world of a Florida cigar factory in 1929, Mr. Cruz has created a work as wistful and affectingly ambitious as its characters.
Democratic members of the 9/11 commission seized on the colorful phrase.
These standards are drawn from Content Knowledge: A Compendium of Standards and Benchmarks for K-12 Education; 3rd and 4th Editions and have been provided courtesy of the Mid-continent Research for Education and Learning in Aurora, Colorado.
''I feel very good about the changes,'' said Zambrano, who is 2-0 for the Mets and 12-1 against the National League in his career.
CHILDREN'S AID SOCIETY 105 East 22d Street, New York, N.Y. 10010.
MARIA YATRAKIS went out to buy lotion near the Greek team's hotel the other day and there was Mia Hamm, buying the very same lotion.
This may sound like a useful attribute in a keyboard-driven economy, but Prince-Hughes does an excellent job of puncturing that idle thought balloon.
Mississippi State's Lawrence Roberts had the ball, but Hayes tipped it away, and Daniels had the easy game-winning basket.
WestJet Airlines Ltd., Canada's largest discount airline, has ordered seven new Boeing 737-700's to add to its all-737 fleet, hoping to continue winning domestic market share from the country's dominant carrier, Air Canada.
It was only in his later years, when he was playing for largely white audiences that considered him a carrier of the deepest Delta blues tradition, that he came onstage in street clothes.
''It's a big step for me, but I feel at this time in my life it's the next step I want to take,'' he said.
But the new president used his inauguration, on Dec. 1, 1976, to assert his independence.
The tale of a great architect (Daniel Hudson Burnham) and a serial killer (H. H. Holmes), who were linked by the Chicago World's Fair of 1893.
More and more over the years, she has become a singular representative of that era.
The Swift boat group, meanwhile, was explaining a connection between it and Ms. Arceneaux.
A6 China Shows Alarm on Taiwan Chinese leaders conveyed a sense of alarm about their nation's relations with Taiwan, and warned the United States national security adviser that continued American sales of high-tech weapons to Taiwan would increase the chances of conflict.
But my mom was like, ''Call him.''
To the Sports Editor: It is true that Kevin White hired Tyrone Willingham in part "to restore decency and integrity to Notre Dame football," which he has done brilliantly.
''There is almost an endless line at their door asking for help,'' Mr. Huang said.
''I'm really not too familiar with the terminology,'' said Mr. Renwick, who left the courtroom during a break.
''CAPTIVE'' (Argentina), directed by Gaston Biraben, 9 p.m., Tully Hall.
Mr. Mishra presents these concepts simply and clearly.
The book was never published, but he managed to make a tidy living from his stock-trading hobby.
As a tax guy, I found myself chuckling quietly when President Bush said in his speech at the Republican National Convention that he would "lead a bipartisan effort to reform and simplify the federal tax code."
Since 1998, the foundation has installed or paid for more than 47,000 PC's.
Stephen Lam, Hong Kong's constitutional affairs secretary, called Sunday for the Democratic Party to end its pursuit of letting the entire public vote for the territory's chief executive in 2007 and for all Legislative Council seats in 2008.
But with Fiat's auto business saddled with roughly $10 billion in debt, and with G.M.
The National Hockey League and the players' union met for four hours in Toronto yesterday to discuss six concepts for a new collective bargaining agreement which the league first raised in a meeting last month.
They agonize over festival judges and over second-guessing the audience; they worry whether to emote or not to emote, to plot or not to plot, whether freeze framing onstage is abusive to actors, if the show's got heart, and if a potential A-list Broadway actor were to come through, which one of the friends would have to go?
After Tennis, Flushing Calls," news article, Sept. 2), is symptomatic of a bigger problem.
Days after regulators' investigation into fund trading became public, he redeemed $350 million from Massachusetts Financial, closed his brokerage firm and left the country, according to the S.E.C.
A biography of the scientist, inventor, writer and Revolutionary statesman.
DIAMOND DON -- That's because it's true.
The announcement, made by Sheik Khalifa bin Zayed, crown prince of Abu Dhabi, the capital of the Emirates, followed a recent visit by former Secretary of State James A. Baker III, who has been appointed by the Bush administration to persuade countries to forgive Iraq's prodigious debts.
In addition, the country has always been divided by race, region, economics and class, leading to vitriol between the two men representing each side of the divide.
Although the phone company is required by law to print the phone number on the front of each pay phone, he said, it is not required to release its compiled list.
And that was before the Red Sox became the third successive wild-card team to win the World Series.
But if you're buying a ticket for a student to fly back to college this fall, or you're a retiree who relocates to Florida or Arizona for the winter months, or, as one reader wrote to me, you need surgery performed by a specialist in another part of the country and an ample period of time for recovery, then the airlines' 30-day maximum stay rule suddenly takes on new significance.
After that gap, sometimes called a doughnut hole, the beneficiary would pay 5 percent of the cost of each prescription.
The three-member oversight panel conducted public hearings on the plan, consulted with the plaintiffs in the lawsuit, took recommendations and then reviewed suggested changes with agency officials.
Karl Rove, the president's chief political adviser, also attributed Mr. Bush's irritation to what he called Mr. Kerry's distortions.
"They're looking for levers of pressure," said Michael Shifter, a senior policy analyst who closely follows Colombia for the Inter-American Dialogue, a Washington group.
Much has been written about how this administration planned for war in Iraq before 9/11.
But a physicist has succeeded in controlling doping precisely at the atomic level.
The car has a low-rider silhouette, imposing grille and shallow side windows that taper down toward the rear.
"There are so many different messages and so many different ways they are portraying themselves," said Ellen Weiss, senior editor of NPR's national desk.
His first event as governor on Tuesday will be a breakfast meeting about mental health issues at the Greystone Park Psychiatric Hospital near Parsippany.
But in late 2001, it hired an experienced magazine executive, Joanne Bradford, to run its advertising sales staff and to reach out to agencies.
He is Joseph Massino, not James.
The fourth quarter of 2003 was the first time the channel generated positive cash flow -- nearly $10 million on revenues of $69 million -- and Mr. Aliber said the company was optimistic that performance would improve in coming quarters.
McQueen, who played the title character in the 1968 film "Bullitt," is "an icon," said Tom Cordner, co-president of J. Walter Thompson USA in Detroit, which developed most of the new Ford division campaign, and "the car's an icon," he added, referring to the Mustang.
The same brake delay happened to an SRX that the company was testing.
The combined company would have more than $50 billion in assets and $30 billion in deposits, the executives said.
The publisher of a coming book by the filmmaker Michael Moore said yesterday that The New York Times had denied permission for Mr. Moore to include in his book a May article in which The Times reviewed shortcomings in its own reporting about the events leading up to the war in Iraq.
My sister and I knew that he had been a nightlife writer -- our mother married him partly for the great table at the Copacabana -- and that he had written for Ernie Kovacs at NBC, but by the time we began spending weekend custody visits with him, his jobs were few and far between.
Thank you for being a shining light in our lives.
The Marches is so far off the beaten tourist trail that many people have not even heard of its capital city, Ancona.
Do European insurance companies have anything to hide?
Barajas, who homered for Arizona off Mike Mussina in the 2001 World Series, did not miss it.
Doctors told him he'd never walk again.
And they said, 'You've already done that."'
"In fact, we found that social protection is good for business, it takes the burden off of businesses for health care costs and ensures a well-trained and educated work force."
Her abusive boyfriend, the criminal mastermind Bill Sykes, remains discreetly off screen.
Michael Bloomberg has taken some bold steps forward since the Legislature made him the first New York City mayor to gain full control of the city school system last summer.
(His other sausage recipes come from all over Italy -- Tuscany, Piemonte, Emilia-Romagna, and Basilicata and Calabria in the deep south.)
Senator Patrick J. Leahy of Vermont, the ranking Democrat on the judiciary panel, also welcomed the Justice Department's decision, saying, ''With the powers available to a federal prosecutor, this matter can now be more thoroughly investigated, so that those who engaged in criminal conduct may be brought to justice.''
But that was only the beginning.
More than $1.2 million Greenwich Village $2.56 million 65 West 13th Street Number of bedrooms: 3 Number of full bathrooms: 3 Number of half bathrooms: 0 Time on the market: 13 weeks 3,672-sq.-ft. condo in a renovated prewar loft building; 24-hr.
Greatgrandfather of Julia Hazen, Adam Hazen, Silvia Ciannella, Davide Ciannella, Delaney A.P.
''It's an alternate universe, like all of the best animated stuff is,'' Michael Medved, the film critic, who has tried for years to stoke a Krtek following in America, said in a telephone interview.
The amendment debated on Thursday does not indicate what would happen to same-sex couples who marry in the two years before the amendment could get final approval, but some of its backers said they intended to have those marriages converted to civil unions.
"Carnivàle" was a disappointment, "K Street" was a pricey bust, and while the western "Deadwood" garners strong ratings, it has not been embraced as a cultural touchstone.
He also looks offshore for bargains, because overseas stocks held mainly by foreign investors may trade more cheaply than comparable American companies.
Actually, Lynn Nottage's play about an African-American woman named Esther Mills, who lives in a boardinghouse in New York at the turn of the 20th century and supports herself as a maker of lavish boudoir wear, is replete with buttons, drawstrings and hook-and-eye closures.
We live in a culture that professes to emphasize moral values while at the same time debases our very sensibilities by pursuing domestic policies that support corporations over public interests at every turn and turns a blind eye to these abuses in other countries.
AT&T Wireless started a third-generation network in the United States in July and is hoping for 350,000 subscribers by the end of the year.
The pact comes as United awaits a decision by the federal Air Transportation Stabilization Board on its application for $1.6 billion in loan guarantees, which would pave the way for United to move out of bankruptcy.
After the game, Kettwick received the Superintendent's Coin, in recognition of exemplary performance, from Schoomaker and Lt. Gen. William J. Lennox Jr., the academy's superintendent.
"That's what this format is intended to do," Busch said.
''It's certainly not a change in policy,'' said Representative Michael N. Castle, Republican of Delaware, who is spearheading an effort in the House to change the president's policy.
For him, painting is a set of physical variables and he has spent a career playing with them.
A15 ARTS E1-10 Valenti Plans to Step Down Jack Valenti, 82, the chairman of the Motion Picture Association of America for 38 years, said that he would step down in the next few months.
There are more than two sides to the landmark debate as it concerns Park Hill.
That, while playing home games in a stadium in which he regularly encounters miserable conditions and difficult footing.
The state had refused, he said, and had told him he "should negotiate with Cigna to get paid by Cigna directly rather than it come out of state funds."
After a pause, he added: "We're taking scallops just plucked from the water and making them taste more like themselves.
A full frontal lobotomy might be a good place to start.
The sign, printed in bold black letters on double-sided computer paper, was posted outside of St. Luke's Lutheran Church, a tall, neo-Gothic building that could easily be lost amid its more celebrated neighbors along Restaurant Row, the stretch of West 46th Street between Eighth and Ninth Avenues.
Although the wording of James Goldman's 1968 Academy Award-winning screenplay was not changed, Mr. Konchalovsky gave Mr. Stewart and Ms. Close ''absolute freedom to do whatever they feel they want to do.''
So ravioli is made from edamame, with ginkgo nuts and mascarpone cheese.
While OPEC is concerned there is too much oil on the market, the United States Energy Department said OPEC should stick to its current production level to help build global crude inventories.
"Omnibus bills are invitations to abuse," Mr. Daschle said.
We're going to get back to basics.''
After hours of forced cheeriness, the break room is where one goes to gripe about pay, to make fun of customers and to divulge one's personal problems to anyone at all.
Mr. Bartalos said: "He's a cultural asset.
Mr. Odierno is survived by his wife Pamela Hanks Odierno, daughters: Linda, Odette and Melody; his grandchildren: Debbie, Susie, Donny, Joey and Justin; great grandchildren: Gary Michael, Chris, Kathy, Tommy, Nicole, Gina and Debbie; step-daughters: Lauren and Kati Gillis; brothers, sisters and his in-laws Jim and Ruth Hanks.
Just before the 1991 war over Kuwait, the airline flew most of its fleet out of harm's way to Iran, Jordan and Tunisia, where the planes deteriorated during the years of sanctions.
Tops World Champs The United States Olympic men's basketball team did Larry Brown proud.
Sonny's Gelato Café (2151 North Federal Highway, 561-362-0447) serves some of the freshest you'll find this side of Florence.
All I know is, we were just separated -- those were blacks, those were whites, and whites were living alone.
Beloved wife of Max for 68 years.
Mirant had been the sole supplier to Pepco in Washington and Maryland.
How Billy Beane, the general manager of the Oakland Athletics, produces a successful team despite having one of the smallest payrolls in baseball.
Mr. Miller said the cost could be $80 million or more.
Devoted cousin of Jeffrey Klein.
But, with Boras representing a spate of elite free agents and having a huge say in how the market moves, he and Cashman realize there is no hurry to talk.
On a wall, there is a huge relief map of the world, with small lights denoting the places where Lukoil has projects.
FEMA brought in the type of flashing highway signs that might advise, ''Left Lane Closed Ahead.''
NBC's telecast of the men's 4x100-meter relay Saturday contained a curious omission: the names of any country's runners other than America's quartet until Mark Lewis-Francis of Britain beat Maurice Greene at the finish line.
MASON GROSS GALLERIES, RUTGERS UNIVERSITY ''eRacism.''
''I don't buy into the notion that somebody did it to us, but somehow we got caught in the mutually assured destruction of a harsh, negative, vitriolic campaign that created very negative images of Howard at the very time that he needed to humanize himself,'' said Steven Grossman, the chairman of the campaign and a former Democratic national chairman, as he began a seven-hour round-trip drive from his home in Boston for the meeting in Vermont.
With foreign students eager to earn American-accredited degrees, even little-known institutions report increased enrollment.
Beloved husband of Rita, loving father of Lisa and Jonathan Heller, Andrea and Michael Bruno and Richard and Heather Pollinger, devoted brother to Sonia Gorman, also survived by eight grandchildren.
"And here, he felt an advantage, because he knew something about history and humanity that his contemporaries here didn't know.
It's just a matter of him feeling comfortable and getting back that positive attitude.''
''The churches resemble shopping malls, with services for everyone,'' said Brad Wilcox, a professor of sociology at the University of Virginia who has studied the megachurch phenomenon.
EXTRA POINTS The Giants' AMANI TOOMER missed practice Wednesday with a strained hamstring and is listed as questionable for Sunday.
The government charged that Mr. Sakhai had purchased genuine but lesser-known works of Gauguin, like the lilacs, and other Impressionist and modern artists, then ordered copies made by skilled forgers working from the originals.
From an affluent family, he studied at private, Christian schools in Lebanon before deciding to study abroad in Germany.
Some 37 years after never making it to the big screen, an unproduced screenplay by Tennessee Williams, below, about a one-armed former boxer turned hustler has been adapted for the stage.
Tomorrow at 11 a.m. and 1 p.m., ''Two Brooklyn Gems: Exploring Fort Greene and Clinton Hill,'' meeting at the Williamsburgh Savings Bank, One Hanson Place.
The report said that Mr. Braude had not declared the stone seals on his customs declaration form and that he told agents that he had not been in Iraq.
''The second I felt the heft of the bronze, as well as its beauty, I had a sneaking suspicion,'' he said.
Richard Codey has signed an executive order to end the payment of contingency fees to politically connected consultants working for bond underwriters seeking business from the state.
Yes, it's an election year.
The episode was classic Morgenbesser: the levity, the lightning quickness, the impatience with formality in both thought and manners, the gift for the knockout punch.
The Army continues to work with the Air Force on a classified program to use airborne sensors to help detect and thwart ambushes, and the Marines have consulted with British commanders on tactics they used against similar threats in Northern Ireland.
Revenue plunged 11.1 percent, to $7.99 billion.
After learning through a leak that the special judge had recommended against finding liability, they argued that they had a due-process right to the report in order to prepare their appeal.
They are so much better than the country and the administration they are fighting for.
At the time, he was the oldest person to have done so.
But the surfeit of choice brings a lot of stress with it and can lead to a kind of Manichaean view of food, a division of nature into the Good Things to Eat and the Bad.
Volkswagen shares are down about a third from the high they set last autumn, but if the company secures a good deal in labor talks, investors might take another look.
McDonald's is the second company to sever ties with Bryant since he was charged last summer.
Americans may not be getting the care they should 45 percent of the time, but the tools exist to narrow that gap.
In addition to powerful bombs and missiles, the Americans also brought to the battlefield what commanders call "nonlethal fires."
I don't know if it was really true."
''I think that success on these two ballot measures is crucial to his success in his term as governor,'' said Elizabeth Garrett, director of the Center for the Study of Law and Politics, run jointly by the University of Southern California and the California Institute of Technology.
A rented mainframe computer and a sophisticated telephone voter list when typewriters and index cards were still common.
-Create a list of facts stated in the opinion piece “Food Without Fear” by Dan Barber.
"Governor," Mr. Kerry said, "you switch your positions faster than your friend Dick Morris."
She was the devoted mother of Janice K. ter Kuile, Jacqueline A. ter Kuile and Curtis A. ter Kuile, and leaves six wonderful grandchildren.
He noted, though, that most law schools' policies had never completely barred recruiters on campus.
These photos and descriptions of loved ones were the first spontaneous commemorations of loss and grief.
I receive calmness in the storms of the presidency.
In the same issue of the journal, Dr. Peter J. Snyder, an endocrinologist at the University of Pennsylvania, noted that ''according to one estimate, a study would need to include 6,000 elderly men'' with low testosterone who were randomly assigned to receive either testosterone or a placebo for six years to determine whether the hormone increased prostate cancer risk by 30 percent.
Dovima was in her couture silks, the elephants in their natural wrinkles, and the poses were manifestly gorgeous, as the decade was.
So just when the Yankees' deal for A-Rod had everybody talking baseball again, one player has been identified in the steroids scandal that could be baseball's most embarrassing situation since eight members of the Chicago White Sox, alias the Black Sox, were indicted for having dumped the 1919 World Series to the Cincinnati Reds.
Garrett Hongo is the author of "Volcano: A Memoir of Hawaii."
And in the next few months, he says, he will add another three.
WASHINGTON WIZARDS -- Placed G Laron Profit on the injured list.
Slim recently criticized the government's economic model, President Vicente Fox immediately rebuked him, commenting that the Slim companies had done very well last year.
That's the beauty of it.''
''It's very unusual,'' said Dr. Ahmed K. al-Temimi, one of the doctors on duty.
He lives near the site of one of the schools that had to be demolished because chemicals were seeping into the buildings, giving off hazardous fumes.
''The U.N. had 15 years to call for a tribunal.
Test results from last year show that achievement bounced back, though more than half of third graders still performed poorly in math and English.
Correction Appended Sonia Gandhi, who led her party to an unexpected election victory last week over India's ruling Hindu nationalists, stunned the nation on Tuesday night by announcing that she would ''humbly decline'' to be its prime minister, saying that had never been her aim.
The package includes as much as $200 million to install soundproofing, air-conditioning and air filter systems for schools near the airport.
Though only one of Fiat's plants is on strike, a lack of the parts made there has halted production at five other Fiat car factories in Italy.
''We want to leave with it the way it was,'' she said.
''If you look at this in connection with other things that are coming out, it doesn't seem like a snap decision but part of an across-the-board pattern of decision-making to create another category outside the conventions.''
Paul Rosengren, a spokesman for the company, said in the statement that PSE&G has settled some of the grievances that had come out of several company reorganizations and had referred others to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the federal agency that investigates discrimination reports.
We, too, will always hold special memories of the ''big guy.''
Post 9/11, many doors of opportunity have closed on immigrants, thus making things difficult in reaching the goals we came here to achieve.
The term brownfields is another way of defining clean and saying the politically unspeakable -- that a certain amount of contamination will always be with us.
Peak blooming occurs at different times, depending on elevation.
DATE OF BIRTH -- May 12, 1939 YEARS AT DOW CHEMICAL -- 37 HOURS AT WORK DAILY -- ''This job is not counted in hours.''
Of course, the risk of making a movie in which magic and reality are indistinguishable is that the landscape will look neither magical nor real.
The bishop offered to take a lie detector test and urged the Albany district attorney to investigate, because he wanted his name cleared by an independent authority.
This is where I have to go next.''
So there was no economic motivation.
''The person at the other end will be a resident who's agreed to talk to the kids,'' Ms. Cohn said.
Classes were originally held in Quonset huts.
RECOMMENDED DISHES -- Seafood Margarita ceviche, fried calamari, quesadillas, Caesar salad, tropical grilled chicken salad, Gorgonzola mixed salad, seafood paella, salmon, Chilean sea bass, fajitas, grilled vegetable sandwich, French fries, tres leches cake, chocolate caramel nut mirage, fried ice cream.
All those gigantic trolls and megamammoths on the bad guys' side in ''Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King'' were not exactly natural.
There were an $8,000 digital job and a cheap mini that showed a nudie picture through its viewfinder.
Senate Democrats are already lining up behind Senators Harry Reid of Nevada and Richard J. Durbin of Illinois as their new leaders.
On Friday, however, European diplomats said the agency's laboratory at Seibersdorf, Austria, had discovered a likely match between the atomic signatures of Russian uranium and samples agency inspectors had gathered from Iranian centrifuges.
There is nothing inappropriate about the interconnections.
MPG, New York, part of Havas, opened a division called MPG Entertainment to focus on sponsored and branded entertainment marketing.
The results confirmed some of the worst fears of customers, often women who are office workers in their 30's and who cling to hygienic standards bordering on perfection.
Emeritus University of Massachusetts, Amherst; Former Prof. Washington University, St. Louis.
''But '04 is off to a mixed start.
''I want to hear her heart.
''They were working on the site; you could still smell the burning rubber in the air; no one had been out on the street in any kind of celebratory way; and here is Jane saying, 'Let's put on a film festival!'
"Now it's become a status symbol," he said.
In short, while visionary, they are also of the earth.
Environmental groups, universities and government science agencies will more and more want sophisticated video press releases.
Canadian law gives Class A nonvoting shareholders a vote, too, in the event of a merger proposal, giving Ian a shareholder base to lobby.
He said the bathroom was "pretty much hidden" in the back of the basement.
VALSAMIS--Marius P. On January 6, a neuropathologist, fencer, rally driver, NY Medical College Professor.
But Eli, fearful of Ann's going through another potentially dangerous operation, said, "I'm fine -- more than fine -- with the Ann I have."
Why aren't you addressing complaints about The Times's reporting last year on Iraqi weapons of mass destruction?
Its first piece was inspired by -- and named for -- pilobolus, a feisty barnyard fungus that can shoot its spores over a cow's back.
''The idea is to plant these trees here as a break against the sand, which is carried by the wind.''
Jeff Bagwell and Craig Biggio, two Houston Astros who had always seemed to wilt when the games counted most, helped slug their team to the brink of the World Series.
Yet Ms. Martin was fundamentally a loner.
Daniel Wachtell New York, Oct. 18, 2004 To the Editor: To die for one's country is the ultimate sacrifice.
But the process is also open to manipulation, as the recent revelations make clear.
In what sounds like a good casting move, the fine mezzo-soprano Beth Clayton will sing the title figure, a woman who kisses the devil to help save her village from the plague, is condemned by her fellow citizens when they find out what she's done and turns into a spider before resuming her normal shape and dying -- nice operatic stuff.
At one point, we caught Mr. Kressley during one of his peregrinations, and asked him what he thought of the SPICE GIRLS.
But at least one company is saying just that.
After a year-and-a-half investigation and hearings, the commission recommended in July that there be an intelligence director who would control the budgets of the C.I.A.
Right now, a battle over a State Senate seat in Yonkers has been dragging on for nearly two months.
That seemed to be the bottom-line question.''
Kevin Brown has been excellent since his comeback from the disabled list.
But less than 30 minutes after the huge column of participants, which included skaters and bicyclists, set off from Union Square, it appeared to spontaneously break into smaller groups of 10 to 100 or more riders, moving in directions not prescribed by the police.
Officials are planning for a "biotic corridor": a 21-mile stretch of land in which residential development will be limited and animals protected.
''A great athlete has to make that play,'' Looper said with a wink.
Chief Executive Ken Thompson is trying to reduce Wachovia'sexpenses, which are high relative to those of many peers.
Countrywide's shares rose 41 cents to $71.50 in trading yesterday on the Big Board, but in after-hours trading its shares plunged $2.25, or 3.15 percent, to $69.25.
If you have been searching for a slightly used aluminum, interlocking floating lake dock, Westchester County has 39 of them -- 3 feet wide by 20 feet long -- for sale on eBay.
It was, her friends joked, the best present she got.
Q -- I will, though I think it will be difficult.
During long-distance sets, Phelps, like many swimmers, sings to himself -- whatever song he last heard in the car.
The mere presence of Mr. Sharpton on the podium is a significant turn for someone once considered the quintessential outsider, one who led days of protests on the streets of New York and who served months in jail to protest the military's target bombing of Vieques, Puerto Rico.
How should we regard these alternative versions of Biblical events?
It always drew a large audience, even though from Monday to Friday it ran opposite NBC's popular ''Today'' program.
The clank of cowbells added a nice soundtrack until we rounded a bend and discovered that cowbells are not the exclusive property of the female of the species.
Ghostzapper's next race was a bit tougher, but he won by a neck in the Woodward.
Perhaps most important, with the insurgency raging in Iraq, there was no effective system at the prisons for wringing intelligence from the prisoners, officials said.
Purchased the contract of RHP Joe Nelson from Pawtucket of the IL.
is championed by Sony, Hitachi and Panasonic, which is also introducing a D.L.P.
"What Marshall and Lester taught us was not only how to respect the natural contours of the land," Mr. Eck said.
So many of the plutocrats there know that the Bush fiscal policy is a long-term disaster.
I don't come at night because I'm rehabbing.
At least she doesn't have to worry about the stray bullets found by a couple who closed on a big house in Wainscott, which they didn't realize was adjacent to a gun club.
In May, dozens of factory workers and landscapers lined up outside a three-story concrete building here on Drift Street, snaking around the block to register their children for classes at a preschool run by the Puerto Rican Action Board, a private nonprofit group.
''But you have to go out and do it.
The prosecutor, Danilo Anderson, 38, was killed Thursday at about 11 p.m. when a remote-controlled bomb hidden in his jeep was detonated as he drove in a middle-class Caracas neighborhood, the police said.
The latest example is Minnesota.
''Suddenly, it got very difficult to keep bees alive,'' Mr. Hackenburg said.
''This time, when people are held incommunicado, is when the police can most easily apply pressure on them through torture, through intimidation, to sign confessions, get them to name other suspects, sign incriminating statements.''
The first, ''Godfather of the Kremlin: The Decline of Russia in the Age of Gangster Capitalism,'' was a biography of Mr. Berezovsky.
He has enormous confidence in the management team.
"It's an incredible opportunity to create a new town built around architecturally significant buildings, well located relative to a number of affluent towns surrounding it, and catering to people's needs today," he said.
Liberty Ellman, a young guitarist who performed with his quartet at Sweet Rhythm on Tuesday, has played with Mr. Threadgill and Mr. Osby; he also likes that tension of opposites.
''It's hard to hope for something when you don't know what is entailed.
Michael Sheehan, a company spokesman, said passengers on canceled cruises were offered a full refund, while those on shortened cruises received $250 to $500 per stateroom toward onboard spending (depending on how many days were missed) and 50 percent off a future cruise.
In Washington, Health and Human Services spokesman Anthony Jewell said it's not yet clear how the British sanction will affect U.S. supplies.
He got his first road bike at 13, ''a clunky 10-speed Schwinn Sprint.''
The relationship has improved greatly since Mr. Wang and Sanjay Kumar, a minority investor, bought the Islanders in 2000.
Pour the remaining 2 tablespoons oil in a large nonstick sauté pan.
Even given the failed education system, they could get out-sourcing business like India has, but they have to allow it.''
In 12 years the company has become middle-aged, and the insouciance that was so affecting in youth begins to look outdated now.
They are hardly sitting behind desks and signing visitors into office buildings, and not all of them are doing what would be more appropriate tasks, like guarding oil wells.
GENEALOGISTS know that relatively few records exist about average people.
Aux Négociants, quite a few steep blocks north and east of Sacré Coeur, is right out of a Robert Doisneau photograph of postwar Paris, no surprise since Doisneau was a regular.
''What I told the president and vice president was that they were going to vitiate cloture, not vitiate the filibuster.''
Why some companies thrive and others do not.
As in poor pitching and poor hitting, perhaps.
Enforcement With an Iron Hand It is an atmosphere that feels frighteningly familiar to veteran human rights leaders like Ramón Custodio.
Ontological-Hysteric Theater at St. Mark's Church, 131 East 10th Street.
NEW MORTGAGE APPLICATIONS Graph tracks weekly year-over-year change from August 2003 to February 2004.
''I would be an airplane with him and the attendant would walk up and ask to seat him in the first-class section.''
But a recent report by a government-run research organization, the National Competitiveness Council -- in one of its rare statements on a specific economic issue -- found that Ireland was practically tied with Finland as the most expensive country in the euro currency zone, and that only Denmark, which does not use the euro, is more expensive.
Funny Cide -- who won two of eight starts during the year and earned $1,936,200 -- received 150 first-place votes among the 247 cast.
"I had never heard of such a thing."
When General Motors conducted its quarterly earnings teleconference last Thursday, the first question from Wall Street was not about Cadillac cars or Chevrolet trucks or the company's no-interest financing deals.
Andy Williams, a spokesman for the Department of Human Services, said the department was seeking another $15 million for the agency in the current fiscal year.
Essex Steam Train & Riverboat, 1 Railroad Avenue, Essex, Conn. 06426; (800) 377-9387 or www.essexsteamtrain.com; Admission $16 for a one-hour narrated train ride; $24 for both train and riverboat rides.
''Broken Man,'' the solo he dances with superb commitment at the start of the program, is a powerful emblem of his current concerns.
I really do wish I could see my family doctor instead of coming here and talking to a total stranger."
Still, Mr. Lapsis says, commuter parking presents something of a mystery.
For example, aficionados of the festival count on hearing top-draw soloists in crowd-pleasing concertos.
''I just took it off,'' she said.
This keeps the yogurt intact while also providing a bit of thickening, making the glorious sauce even more so.
Ms. Laschever said that women tended to believe ''that hard work and good work will be rewarded'' without asking.
JOCELYN MCCALLA Executive Director, National Coalition for Haitian Rights New York, March 4, 2004
Loving mother of James and Debra Buslik, Audrey Schneiderman - Gold berg and Maynard Goldberg.
''Their innards and entrails gushed to the desert floor, and as those around them turned to run, they too were slain, their blood pooling and rising in the unforgiving brightness of God.''
Two have been completed and three are in the planning stage.
More than 260 people have died in the attacks, including at least 62 in Moscow.
The words of writers you admire provide a trustworthy language for your desires and for how you'll feel when life ambushes them.
He stiffly tapped the map with his stick and traced the path of the train.
However disconcerting it may be to see results from the Web and from your own computer in such close proximity, Google says that your desktop-only queries and their results are never sent to Google; the fact that Google Desktop does not require an Internet connection supports that assertion.
"It's not an environmental issue anymore," said Gregg Wallace, the town supervisor of Long Lake, which includes the hamlet.
''Everybody on this stage, or a lot of people on this stage have now embraced my message,'' he said.
The University of Maryland recently said it would no longer ask students from families making less than $21,000 a year to take out loans, and would instead give them scholarships to cover tuition.
Now, when people drive to the 500-home community of Peach Lake for the summer, they see change.
"But you should phone ahead."
But I had a friend who met her husband at camp, and her sons, who'd been attending a camp in Maine since second grade, also loved the experience.
Her father is a cardiologist in Southfield, and her mother is a dermatologist in Novi, Mich. Mr. Shapiro, 48, graduated from the State University at Binghamton, N.Y., and received a law degree from Georgetown.
KATE AURTHUR The Top Tones Another gauge of popularity will soon be added to the many aspects of the music business tracked by Billboard: the Hot Ringtones chart.
"Protection of everything sacred to other religions is one of the justifications for Israel's sovereignty in Jerusalem," he said.
Republican members in particular have repeatedly assured the public that no one reported any direct arm-twisting.
I believe that God wants everybody to be free.
This visually rich environment required a lot of computer processing power to render.
For these new markets, Macao is preparing a bank of bilingual translators.
When asked for his and his wife's names, Alex asked who would have access to them, saying, "These days, I'm very nervous about giving out any personal data."
"I like to talk about politics," said Mr. Walsh, who is not quite 8 years old, when discussing the fact that he raised more than $1,200 this summer for Senator John Kerry's presidential campaign.
Jesse Jackson, a powerful figure on the Democratic left, said there was no question that liberals should rally around Mr. Kerry.
The commission has until July 22 to make its decision on the merger.
Still, there is no question both men occasionally test the bounds of the law in the name of political advantage.
and hepatitis C, and vaccines.
One then must ask why the Bush administration insists on subsidizing stock market purchases with federal debt.
Schering, Germany's third-largest pharmaceutical company and a leading manufacturer of birth control pills worldwide, plans to buy back four million of its shares and to raise profitability by cutting costs, the company said at its annual news conference in Berlin.
Like Ms. Stewart, Ms. Hoppen is strikingly attractive, with an urbane air, but she has long, wavy reddish-brown hair and little or no makeup.
Like any DVD player, the Gateway ADC-320 plays video discs, but it can also communicate with a computer and pick up photo, video and music files, which can then be played or displayed on a television monitor.
This behavior makes sense to Mr. Kritsky, the Cincinnati ecologist.
His professors took a dim view of striking out on your own.
Winds of up to 50 m.p.h.
Each student should then create a poster for a classroom American Indian artifacts exhibit.
But he said the latest campaign involved ''a brand that was undergoing a fairly significant repositioning effort, and the results we saw were encouraging.''
Five of the door's glass panes had been shattered, the wood was splintered and shards of glass littered the entrance foyer.
In Lane, the court ruled yes, but only because another federal constitutional right -- access to the courts -- was at stake.
But suddenly a 36-1 shot, Birdstone, was moving fast.
Patients tend to write e-mail messages more carefully than they would deliver voice mail messages.
Sturtze said his teammates told him the game was not over, and they were right.
"They teach us to sound out words and to understand what we are reading," she said.
"Everybody is pretty careful these days," said Drew Hodges, the creative director of SpotCo, another ad agency.
Earlier in the day, as a gray dawn turned to drizzly morning, a couple of miles north on U.S. 45 at the Parade convenience store, conversation kept coming back to Mr. Hamill, who had taken on a second job as a truck driver.
Sometimes the mayor stops and tries to talk, as he did at the museum.
''Everything I have and everything I own is because of the New York Mets,'' Dykstra said.
Among the dozen or so other resorts of various levels of luxury is the Grace Bay Club, a high-end, 21-suite hotel where we were staying.
That underscored the 1984 move of two schools to the Amsterdam Avenue building: the High School of Music and Art and the School of Performing Arts.
Generally, though, Governor Bush has appeared to focus almost exclusively on hurricane recovery since he announced in August that he would skip the Republican convention to do so.
Hecht was a national hero in Slovakia, and in 1996 Bratislava named a new multisport stadium for him and invited him to the ceremony.
Between 1998 and 2004, according to the report, isolated inmates accounted for more than a third of the prison system's suicides -- even though prisoners in disciplinary isolation accounted for only about 7 percent of the total population.
''Thank you for coming,'' Liza says, somewhat absurdly.
The camera stays perfectly still, the characters barely speak, but this wry exercise in cinephilia is eloquent and moving all the same.
It is this betrayal of trust that provides the main motor for Weiss's crusade.
Tax-deductible donations can be sent to The Fresh Air Fund, 633 Third Avenue, 14th Floor, New York, N.Y. 10017, or made online at www.freshair.org.
The suit said that the dividend might force Regal into bankruptcy while enriching Regal's controlling shareholder and director, the billionaire Philip F. Anschutz, by $368 million.
''Rob has to figure out what his strategy is going to be in the long term,'' said Shane V. Robison, the chief technology and strategy officer at Hewlett-Packard.
The younger Mr. Littell was furious.
Healthy this spring, Kotchman is batting .315 with 3 home runs and 12 runs batted in after 19 games for Class AA Arkansas.
The dough is baked and smeared with zucchini pesto, a purée that is exactly what you'd think it is: cooked zucchini blended with garlic, herbs, olive oil and Parmesan.
But it turns into something sharp and distinctive with the episode "The Pony Remark," in which Jerry's insensitive dinner conversation sends a distant relative to an early grave.
"Right now, those milestones are pointing us toward a new launch window."
"Exactly," he replied, more interested.
Mr. Dakelman said he had long wished that this section of road could be preserved as a kind of highway museum.
''Five years ago, we used to have about 120 funerals a weekend, but this number has now jumped to 600,'' Thembinkosi Ngcobo, who heads the municipal department of parks and cemeteries, said in an interview this week.
"The governor wants her doctors to act quickly so that she will be back in time for the opening of the General Assembly and the State of the State Address on Jan. 5," her office said in a statement released before the surgery.
On this one I probably got 15 to 20 percent positive.
It was one of 16 satellite interviews he conducted before flying to Wisconsin, where he considers a victory on Feb. 17 crucial.
Ms. Simpson's second cosmetics line, called Taste, is due out next fall.
Now, a few years into the low-carb craze, only about 40 remain.
His mind is less coldly secular than Kerry's, but also more abstracted from day-to-day reality.
A local newspaper, The News-Journal, said the prayer meeting there ''evolved into a rousing Republican political rally.''
Jacob Sheinkman, who was known as Jack, was born in the Bronx on Dec. 6, 1926, the son of Shaia and Bertha Sheinkman, who immigrated from Kiev in 1923.
He still speaks in a less-than-lilting Boston accent, but keeps his remarks far more concise and guarded.
When a cowboy-movie gunfighter has an epiphany, he hangs up his pistol; he doesn't pass it on to another killer.
Construction could be completed as early as 2006.
"A bomb, a bomb, that's what I was thinking," Mr. Williams said.
She had a more vivid memory of the attack: ''I didn't like being alone, but I thought I'd let some of the others cool down below, and then they'd relieve me.
When they salvaged the tug, for example, the steering wheel was an incongruous black eyesore cannibalized from a 1948 forklift.
In it, the fugitive wife (who refers to herself as Ibsen's character) first finds menial work in a factory, where she hears socialist ideas.
Commanders also say the air campaign in Falluja has been largely directed against the network of Mr. Zarqawi, who is considered so dangerous that the Americans have put a $25 million bounty on him.
Did their friendship with Mr. Rowland grant them unprecedented access to the governor's office?
She dropped off a photograph at the East Hampton store, and on Monday, a team of designers, decorators and furniture salesmen chose the Kearneys' sectional over more than 40 other entries.
Molinier, who committed suicide at age 76 in 1976, started out as a mediocre Post-Impressionist painter but discovered his true vocation in midlife: making photomontages that envisioned his autoerotic fantasy life.
"When he tells you he's O.K., he's O.K."
Torre called those sessions a pitching clinic.
But finally all these devices work in the service of creating chilling moments.
However, Mr. Schultz acknowledges that a lack of documents can frequently make it difficult to discover such evidence in the case of software and Internet systems.
The flower shape is right; it is famously fragrant; and though it is open by day, the perfume is strongest at night.
She said that the highest-priced homes in the area sell well only if they are new, whereas in Montclair grand old homes are the considered the biggest prize.
In the early '80s, punk rockers were despised and ridiculedby their peers in the stoner crowd; the spiked growl of punk upset thesoft feathers of Camaro hairstyles.
There might be up to 30 parties running for the presidency, with candidates ranging from a clean-cut Social Democrat to an Indian shaman from the Amazon.
Asia Society hours: Tuesdays through Sundays, 11 a.m. to 6 p.m.; Fridays to 9 p.m.
But I'm totally committed to CBS News."
But now reality is setting in.
E1 BUSINESS DAY C1-12 Investigation of Aon Investigators for the New York attorney general have discovered evidence of deceptive and coercive practices at Aon, the world's second-largest broker of insurance, a person close to the inquiry said.
The first half of this recital brings familiar favorites, including the Third Ballade and the B-flat minor Sonata.
He was more attached to the avant-garde rock of his hometown pals, the Melvins, who continue to stretch the parameters of what rock music can be.
Democrats worry that President Bush is slumping too soon.
"I hate anything plastic," said Mr. Karkula, himself a curious hybrid of neat design geek and rumpled, old-fashioned hippie.
When Mr. Kerry said that it was Al Qaeda that attacked on Sept. 11, not Iraq, Mr. Bush sounded more like a sullen schoolboy than a president as he retorted: "Of course I know Osama bin Laden attacked us.
His gifts as a teacher also helped recruit more than 90 new seminarians during his 11 years as bishop, an impressive number for a diocese the size of Peoria.
Presented in a sideshow setting complete with a sinister barker, ''Assassins'' explores inner lives of assassins whose interactions onstage suggest that the American obsession with fame plays no small part in society's obsession with violence.
"My job is to grow the value of YES by tapping into the passion of the fans," Dolgin said yesterday during a conference call.
But where the photo showed open fields, this area was covered by 20-foot high saplings.
''I'd rather eat a good frozen berry than a bad fresh one,'' says Janie Hibler, author of the highly entertaining and all-encompassing ''Berry Bible.''
Perhaps unsurprisingly, then, my core belief as letters editor is that healthy, informed debate is the lifeblood of a strong democracy.
"The women's pro game is in great shape."
Time reported that government officials had identified Ms. Plame to it in interviews in an apparently in an effort to discredit her husband in a political dispute.
Here in Israel, Mr. Cipel was initially viewed as either an enigma or an oddity.
These three jobs are expected to be shared by members of Iraq's principal ethnic and sectarian groupings: Shiites, Sunnis and Kurds.
If another wreck occurs during the two-lap sprint to the finish, Nascar will allow the race to end under caution.
Now called the Georgian State Dance Company Sukhishvili after the death of its founders (Iliko Sukhishvili and his wife, Nino Ramishvili), the visiting troupe shared the program with City Ballet on Friday and Saturday nights with distinctive excerpts from its repertory.
But "this is not about two birds," she said.
With sunburnt makeup, wild hair and a vivid red costume, her very appearance was a shock, though a delightful one."
When he returned to America, he decided he would study law because of its tradition of social justice.
On Friday, around 3:45 p.m., Justin was sitting under a cherry tree at the 45-year-old camp waiting for the bus to take him to the Dix Hills home his parents, whose names were not released by the Suffolk County police, had bought in April.
Besides his daughter, who lives in Ithaca, N.Y., he is survived by two sons, James L., of Albuquerque, and Peter A., of Amherst, N.H., and two grandchildren.
His appetite for the public eye is also more restrained than his predecessor's.
''I don't have to live with you.''
And on paper, at least, Mr. Brin and Mr.
Trials and investigations by a special team of prosecutors and judges are moving at a glacial pace, with only 33 defendants convicted so far.
From the $350,000 budget for ''Sebastian Cole'' to $7 million for ''The Door in the Floor'' is a leap, but $7 million is nothing by major-movie (and union crew) standards.
These standards are drawn from Content Knowledge: A Compendium of Standards and Benchmarks for K-12 Education; 3rd and 4th Editions and have been provided courtesy of the Mid-continent Research for Education and Learning in Aurora, Colorado.
officials say they reduced the contribution level because it appeared that the universal service company had been holding more than $3 billion, and they were concerned that it would be criticized for sitting on so much idle cash.
Their forced mixing resulted in a third hybrid culture that reached its zenith in two indigenous crafts: metalwork and, especially, tapestry weaving, which the Andean people perfected over 100 years.
Mr. Qurei and other Palestinian leaders often issue condemnations after suicide bombings, but generally do not deliver broad statements condemning the practice.
In December 2003, the Bush administration reversed that finding.
That's not how you bring people together.
Some “records” to research include: longest running, most profitable, or longest syndicated, as well as more whimsical records such as “sitcom that introduced the most young children throughout its run” or “sitcom whose main character was played by the most actors.” Create a poster of some of your favorites.
Today, the music-playing feature is typically found on Nokia's most sophisticated phones, like the Nokia 3300, a $199 phone that plays MP3 music with up to two hours of storage.
Following are the results of yesterday's auction of a five-year Treasury note: (000 omitted in dollar figures) Price: 99.909 High Yield: 3.520 Low Yield: 3.450 Median Yield: 3.490 Total applied for: $41,939,797 Accepted: $17,290,497 Noncompetitive: $184,311 Interest set at: 3 1/2 The five-year notes mature Aug. 15, 2009. xx, xxxx.
It was just out of focus-not glaringlyout, but out.
As Baia advanced, Reinaldo opted not to shoot but slid the ball back to the onrushing Pauleta, who poked it into the unprotected goal.
He plans to talk about the Warburg family, who once lived in the mansion that is now the museum.
The ad, by J. Walter Thompson, features Mr. Titus, the host of a radio show called ''Drivers Talk Radio'' and who has been a contributor to many car magazines, including special editions of Road & Track.
But hospitals with fast food outlets say that these franchises were a good option -- in some cases the only one -- for their food services.
TURETSKY--Rabbi Arnold S. Died July 27, 2004.
South's balancing double after the one no-trump opening promised length in one minor and at least four cards in a major.
It is the Center on International Cooperation.
''But it's not like it's a crisis.''
Others, like LAB21 and One Person Health, offer DNA testing and use the results to sell products like anti-aging creams or vitamins.
He cut into the patient and then began stitching him up while Iraqi policemen fanned the man's face with their hats.
8 North Korean Demands Spurned Secretary of State Colin L. Powell rejected North Korea's demand that the United States drop its "hostile" policy toward that nation and agree to other steps before the talks on its nuclear weapons program resume.
After the Heisman Trophy ceremony on Saturday night, ESPN broadcast "3," an original movie about the life and death of the Nascar star Dale Earnhardt Sr., below.
Mr. Schumer said in an interview that he was ''pleasantly surprised'' by the Justice Department decision, but that investigators should now move quickly.
North Fork Bancorp, the second-biggest bank on Long Island, agreed to buy GreenPoint Financial for $6.3 billion, or $46 a share, less than its Friday closing price of $46.83.
For Charlene Barshefsky, who was the trade representative during the Clinton administration, the case raised questions about the message China was sending about its commitment to international trade rules.
Militiamen led by the cleric, Moktada al-Sadr, traded gunfire with British soldiers as the insurgents took to the streets in Amara and Basra, the country's largest city after Baghdad.
''The reductions in head count are not among the criteria by which the compensation committee determines Mr. Dorman's pay,'' he said.
''I wondered whether he was talking about real demons or whether he was keeping the demons from the door.''
But because of the violence, only 13 of the country's 18 governorates are currently able to nominate members of the commission.
Two American servicemen were also killed in accidents this week.
A1 Antidepressants Re-evaluated Patients taking antidepressants can become suicidal in the first weeks of therapy, and physicians should watch them closely when first giving the drugs or changing dosages, federal regulators said.
B6 FASHION B6-7 ARTS & IDEAS B9-19 SPORTS D1-8 OBITUARIES A17 SCIENCE/HEALTH Morning-After Pill Delayed The Food and Drug Administration is delaying its decision on whether to allow the so-called morning-after pill to be sold over the counter.
''The question is one of an extension for paying the tax bill, which will give the company breathing space to sell assets,'' Mr. Dashevsky of Aton Bank said.
For most of the rest of us, it is entertainment.
''China is the reason why commodity prices are high,'' said Peter Harris, senior materials analyst at Commonwealth Securities in Melbourne.
They often hear the squirrels before they see them and can keenly divine the signs of prey -- acorns eaten from the middle, as humans eat Oreo cookies, and stems of pine cones that twirl to the ground like rotors of a helicopter.
But as waiter after waiter passed by with trays of sushi and oysters for the likes of MARISA BERENSON and KATIE COURIC, a pitiable rabble of hungry photographers and reporters were kept behind the velvet rope.
The quality of Li Hua's tofu is superb, the texture light yet luxurious, the flavor subtle yet pronounced enough to stand up to vigorous seasoning in dishes like peppery soon doo-boo ($8), a stew chock-full of shrimp, squid and clams.
Would it have been different if she had come back loaded?
''If the architecture doesn't allow you to do something that needs to be done to keep the building up, you must stop.''
Since each prescription may call for 2 or 3 pills a day, a patient may be taking 20 to 30 pills a day.
Nortel did release what it called ''estimated limited preliminary unaudited financial results'' for the first half of 2004.
THE MOTORCYCLE DIARIES Directed by Walter Salles; written (in Spanish, with English subtitles) by José Rivera, based on "The Motorcycle Diaries" by Ernesto Che Guevara and "With Che Through Latin America" by Alberto Granado; director of photography, Eric Gautier; edited by Daniel Rezende; music by Gustavo Santaolalla; production designer, Carlos Conti; produced by Michael Nozik, Edgard Tenembaum and Karen Tenkhoff; released by Focus Features.
The series had been avidly chased by ABC and NBC as well as CBS.
He will need those skills to re-energize Coke, which has seen slow growth in its core brand.
America is so much more than just ''Anti-Al-Qaeda Inc.'' -- but our whole identity in the world, and too many aspects of our way of life, are getting contorted around that mission.
Tonight and tomorrow night at 8, Lotus Studios, 109 West 27th Street, Manhattan, (212) 627-1076 or www.lotusarts.com.
"Nineteen-eighteen," he said, "is just another year that we won the World Series now."
The indictment included seven counts against Jeffrey D. Watson, 40; John R. Warner, 39; Angel Garcia,37; Joseph Burns, 29; Gregory C. Smith, 42; and Avon Chandler, 32, who are all New York City residents.
''It will, and it must.
I can certainly testify from personal experience that having a Ph.D. is not enough to conquer a roomful of remotes.''
But just in case, AirAsia and its Thai affiliate are planning to fly to India and eventually to China.
They repaired stairs with wood scavenged from construction sites.
"The Japanese government has chosen this very public way to help Iraq so as to show Japan's face," Colonel Matsumura said.
scan that uses a dye inserted in the rectum, takes only about 15 minutes, involves far less radiation exposure and is more accurate in pinpointing appendicitis than a generalized abdominal scan, according to a report in the October issue of Emergency Medicine.
What are the presently ascendant Republicans worried about?
The lawsuit, which names Gov.
Buoyed by the book, music and lyrics of the husband and wife team Nell Benjamin and Laurence O'Keefe ("Bat Boy," "Sarah Plain and Tall" and the forthcoming Broadway musical "Legally Blonde") and zipping along under the brisk direction of Gordon Greenberg, this colorful, well-acted show is based on David A. Adler's books about a girl whose photographic memory enables her to solve crimes.
Why would anybody think that would work?
After more than a decade of losses, profits have grown steadily since 2002.
Mr. Ross said he reached a tentative leasing agreement with Rouse and began negotiating with city officials in June 2003 about major changes of the Seaport, demolishing the pavilion, and building a permanent home for Cirque du Soleil.
Verizon and the other regional Bell companies are losing customers by the millions as people drop their old phone lines in favor of cellphones, e-mail and ever cheaper phone services from cable companies.
In her visit to P.S.
The combination of tangy cheese and icy, sweet, fruity wine is a match made in heaven, dessert enough.
In one or two, the outline of a Caribbean-style house appears.
Remove backbone and attached rib bones.
And it protects what's inside.
Vladimir Vassiliev's ill-fated "Swan Lake," which he staged when he was director of the Bolshoi in the late 1990's, featured the ballet's Russian dance on toe.
Born in Chicago but reared in Brooklyn, he first drew attention as an adolescent prodigy, able to hold his own with the strongest American players at the Marshall and Manhattan Chess Clubs in Manhattan.
Among authors whose reputations have passed the test of time, Rudyard Kipling, W.B.
That sign on the Delsea Drive-In has an ''S'' missing on its south side, and the red-orange paint around it is chipping badly.
Even his most passionate admirers may be impressed by the sheer range of his work -- in wood, metal and fabric constructions ranging from toy-size to gigantic; in oil and glass, in acrylics and other chemically based new materials; in film and drama (he's a deft writer) and stage design.
The only ceramics Noguchi made were produced in Japan on three brief trips, in 1931, 1950 and 1952.
And Banco Bilbao, or BBVA, decided to take advantage of the recent surge in the euro in making its offer at this time.
But no forest's plight draws more attention these days than the monarch butterfly reserve.
''Two years ago, my son Devin died while fighting the Thirty Mile Fire,'' said Ken Weaver, a member of the employees group, referring to a blaze in north-central Washington in 2002.
"If the question is that of a suspension for a short period, we can talk about it,'' he said on state television.
Mr. Jobs, who founded Apple with his high school friend Stephen Wozniak in 1976, was forced to leave Apple in 1985 in a management shakeup, but returned to help rejuvenate it in 1997.
The military said it arrested the man, Sufian Maher Hassan, a former Iraqi general, on Friday in Tikrit, Mr. Hussein's hometown.
They are going to destroy the integrity of this.''
''They were on their best behavior yesterday, but that doesn't mean they'll be on their best behavior at the R.N.C.''
Sir Hugh realized the utility of a reference book -- with his company's name on it, of course -- to settle similar arguments in the 84,000 pubs of Britain and Ireland.
What happens next could determine whether the Pacers and the Pistons can finally exhale.
Ojeda did not know that Suppan was 10-1 with a 3.55 earned run average on the road and 6-8 with a 4.75 E.R.A.
contractor accused of beating an Afghan detainee who later died will be held without bond until his trial, a federal magistrate ruled Friday.
Thanksgiving Day was fraught with fear and anxiety for my family and me.
After Airbus gave the go-ahead for the A380 in late 2000, said one top executive, Gérard Blanc, Boeing was ''petrified.''
"It's only through luck that we haven't had this become a weekly occurrence," said Bob Maust, chairman of the Standing Committee on Substance Abuse at the University of Colorado.
''At noon on Thursday, people see the teams in their shiny uniforms,'' the Providence assistant coach Bob Walsh said.
A sore spot re-emerged Monday night during Game 6 of the Western Conference finals, when Referee Eddie F. Rush asked the official scorer during the fourth quarter how many fouls O'Neal had committed after he was whistled for an infraction against Kevin Garnett.
''They got the board scared enough so that they started filling their fiduciary duties.''
The I.O.C., according to The Associated Press, determined that the United States Olympic Committee had handled most the cases properly.
Ms. Musser added that the state had ordered District 75 to improve its public disclosure.
Back then, when the Lakers won eight of nine playoff games against the Spurs in 2001 and 2002, O'Neal referred to Bryant as his idol because of his play.
Mr. Mehta is also concerned (not about his own administrative skills; lack of self-confidence is not his problem) that the current model for orchestra tours is outdated.
With that in mind, the question for me was: should I go ahead with the television interview?
The writers, most of whom are as straight-faced as poker players in the middle of a bluff, take turns choosing actors, while shouting out questions like "Can Amanda Peet be loud?"
Both old and new liras will be in use for the first year, although economists expect the bulk of the old bank notes to be exchanged by the spring.
When he praised Mr. Kerry for his service to the country and for being a good father, Rob McCord, 45, who has voted for candidates from both parties, shook his finger at the screen and shouted, "This is smart!
The United States and Somalia are the only nations that have not formally repudiated executing juveniles.
Fusion is one of his interests.
''I've negotiated peace agreements,'' he said.
''I have a hard time finding a business case for this,'' said Per Mokkelbost, an adjunct professor of banking at the University of Toronto's business school.
Kotex was next in sales, with $153.7 million, down 1.71 percent.
Insurance agents, for example, using misleading tactics, have promoted policies that provide small amounts of coverage for steep premiums even though 94 percent of service members already carry $250,000 in low-cost coverage through the military.
Today, however, the Rorschach, T.A.T.
Parks's contribution -- nonsensical lyrics -- pales utterly compared with the contribution of Carl Wilson's voice alone.
The best ethical values of Judaism encourage us to promote tolerance and understanding and to stand up for social justice.
In a conference call with securities analysts yesterday, the company's executive vice president and chief financial officer, Bernie Han, said that the airline believed that its accounting practices were sound and that it was cooperating fully with the S.E.C.
What's needed now is a strategic commitment from President Bush to suspend the caution and skepticism that were the leitmotif of his first term, in favor of a sustained second-term effort to redeem his two-state vision of a democratic Palestine living peacefully alongside a secure Jewish state of Israel.
The children were viewed as active learners, not sponges; a major part of their daily routine involved planning, carrying out and reviewing what they were learning.
She declined to see the production.
Tax incentives to borrow and invest certainly work -- look at the tax deduction for mortgage interest, which has helped push home ownership up to about 70 percent of American households, a record high.
Mr. Sahraoui assumed the leadership after a power struggle with Mr. Hattab, a veteran of the Armed Islamic Group who founded the Salafist group in 1998.
He spends his days policing the city's streets, his lieutenant Billy Augustin by his side.
Moreover, citing difficulties of extracting gas from the site, petroleum companies have applied to the Railroad Commission to double the density to one well per 40 acres, which would allow 16 wells on the property.
Distractions include views of orchards, and mountains and ocean on the horizon.
They have underachieved so much under Bowa this season that in the space of six and a half weeks, they lost 25 of 40 games and plummeted from three games ahead in the N.L.
Mr. Bumbaco, who had seemed self-assured during his testimony, became flustered by the question and tried to deny making the comment.
The beds are designed to flower for much of the year, from the earliest banks of forsythia to the last, late velvety roses, chrysanthemums and pansies.
"Almost none of our local health departments have the vaccine," Dr. Cartter said.
The survey indicated that Muhammad Mohaqeq would place third, with support from about 5 percent of those polled.
''Bobby Fischer Goes to War'' is freshest in describing the repercussions of an earth-shaking chess event in a country little prepared for such an uproar.
The people of Tawila said they would sleep here on Sunday evening only if the African Union monitors slept here, too.
CHASE: Yeah, but family doesn't really watch it together.
At 75,000 square feet, the newest store will be the largest for Filene's, which is based in Woburn, Mass.
Poultry farmers singled out cattle egrets for a California flu outbreak, "but the egrets were negative -- it was the egg flats being trucked from farm to farm without being cleaned," Dr. Cardona noted.
But judging from attendance figures -- a healthy 275,400 in October, the first full month of operation -- this new kind of museum has its fans.
JERSEY CITY, Nov. 23 - A proposal by a group of Hudson County mayors to acquire the financially ailing New York Waterway won a first round of approval on Tuesday from the county's Board of Freeholders after a long debate.
When I remarked that it was appropriate that a Buddhist would experiment with a virtual-reality world, he chuckled and said he was willing to try anything to help prepare his soliders for potential combat.
Scientists at the Goddard Institute for Space Studies, a leading research center studying climate, worked with public affairs officials last month to finish a release on new studies explaining why Antarctica had experienced cooling while most of the rest of the world had warmed.
Republican aides said that the goal would be to have staff members assemble a measure merging most of the spending bills for lawmakers to approve in mid-November.
Another, ''Waves,'' uses individually sculptured papier-mâché shell forms (Glueck).
The Boeing Company has created an office to develop weather-prediction tools, going after what it says may be a $5 billion annual market in five years.
Against the horror, he pitted pastoral!
Some 23 million years ago, after the split with New World monkeys, the Old World monkeys and apes acquired a third opsin, sensitive to a different region of the spectrum, and thus gained three-color vision.
In the past two weeks, however, Mr. Kerry has begun consistently wrapping up his speeches with yet another pithy phrase that, while not original, has his advisers sounding confident that it will stick: ''Let America be America again.''
The show weaves music, biography and analysis of Astaire iconography into a definitive career summary.
''Without that room, it's a $500,000 apartment.
These announcements, and the bricks and mortar they represent, are going up faster in Brooklyn than anywhere else in the city.
Tears are a powerful form of communication.
Mr. Pollack calls his artwork "Warning in America," a rueful twist on Ronald Reagan's famously sunny "Morning in America" speech.
From this, it is clear that Mr. Bush failed to do his duty and -- much more important -- that he has failed to tell the truth about his service to the American people.
They were large and bursting with freshness.
But as Bryant's decision showed, neither the Clippers' status nor their fortunes has changed much.
Kia Motors America in Irvine, Calif., part of the Hyundai Motor Company, has named six agencies to compete for its creative account along with the incumbent of five years, David and Goliath in Los Angeles.
"What we find in most of these markets are two or three major competitors fighting to take customers away from each other," said John Gole, an analyst with International Data Corp. in Prague.
Like its compulsively chatty heroine, "Dirty Tricks," directed by Margaret Whitton, is scattershot, hazy and, yes, desperate.
In the current presidential election, the state of the economy is likely to have much more impact on voters than the specifics of the policies either side proposes.
Asked about her background and the things that helped shape her politics while growing up in eastern Colorado, she said her positions were shaped mainly by her duty as ''as a professional legislator.''
Factoring in several accounting adjustments, Lucent earned 4 cents a share in the most recent quarter, 2 cents better than Wall Street had projected.
I was proud for about three seconds and then they attacked me.
With little evident enthusiasm and still less drama, Russia holds a presidential election today that the Kremlin has portrayed as a referendum on Vladimir V. Putin.
Ms. Breitweiser said the intelligence overhaul now under discussion in Washington would be essentially meaningless "unless you get rid of the people who were shown to be incompetent on 9/11."
The American military presence in Saudi Arabia officially ended in 2003, months after a Qaeda-linked terror group launched a series of attacks inside the kingdom.
Mr. Dickerson has yet to offer up his own money to the campaign, but his willingness to put in hundreds of hours and thousands of phone calls transformed him over the last year into a six-figure fund-raiser, one of the most valuable commodities in politics.
If either chicken or rice is not quite done, add no more than 1/2 cup boiling water, and cook until done.
Both ideas, however, hew to the Simpson dogma: "A song doesn't sell a record, people sell records," Mr. Simpson said.
Beloved wife of the late Louis R., loving mother of Julian and his late wife Joan, David and his wife Francine, adoring grandmother of Robert and his wife Debra, Elena and her husband Bruce, Beth and her husband Paul, Henry and his wife Nancy, David and his wife Barrie, Michael and his wife Sali.
It is, he says, why he will blend in nicely at the convention.
By taking the top 16 teams in the country after the 2003 season and bowl games, as rated by Jeff Sagarin (a computer rating used by the B.C.S.
This is the second time the F.B.I.
But Mr. Kim would have only three months, what the officials call a ''preparatory period of dismantlement,'' to seal and shut the North Korean nuclear facilities, similar to what Libya committed to late last year.
Thousands haven't even been hospitalized.
"We took over a football town in a football state," Clemens said.
For more information: (609)586-0616 or www.groundsforsculpture.org.
MOYRA DAVEY, American Fine Arts, 530 West 22nd Street, (212) 727-7366, through Jan. 10.
Smells, whether pleasant or rotten, go far to define this city, where fresh air often seems like an oxymoron.
In that context, the children of gay parents are not just aspiring filmmakers, or dropouts, or Phi Beta Kappas, or cross-dressers, or serial monogamists.
The stage direction is also admirably fluid, allowing the drama to develop and breathe without sacrificing the music's delicacy and refinement.
He was building his own vocabulary of Hindi film music.
With world energy prices climbing and supplies tight, two smaller companies are pursuing ambitious plans to develop the offshore Kudu natural gas fields that industry giants have abandoned.
Judges' scores are based on subtracting (for flaws) from the maximum score possible for a given routine.
And yet the meticulous (and danceable) computer compositions on "Blondie" find ways to gesture toward pop.
At times this well-researched book contains flashes of insight and expressions of deep sympathy, as when Ms. de Marneffe notes that our values inevitably determine what we consider to be needs.
Morrie Jubb, 51, an unemployed accountant who lives in Aurora, not far from Oregon City, is a registered Republican who has voted for Jimmy Carter and Ross Perot.
But do convention speeches really matter?
Every report is rated and every agent ranked according to a complicated formula, one that is constantly being tweaked, taking into account everything from how often the agent reports to how many people they tend to buzz to the quality of their summaries -- plus intangibles like originality.
He is survived by two sisters, Emma Novak of Vero Beach, Fla., and Louise Taibi of Roseville, Calif.
Blue Bush-Cheney hats were distributed with neatly packed brown envelopes containing maps, voter lists and plastic ponchos.
For the wrap party on the Santa Monica Pier, the "Huckabees" production has taken over an amusement park along the Pacific, where Dustin Hoffman is chatting with his old pal, the producer Robert Evans, flanked by a couple of towering women whose assets spill out of their halter tops.
GREEN -- O.K., then how would you describe the appeal of the gayness of that show -- an appeal that's strong enough to keep a mediocre piece of work running at least as long as Jackman is in it?
There were curious signs, though.
So!Go Relish (subtitled fruit chutney), above left, is a bright sweet-and-sour mixture that throws off a touch of heat.
''The decision below undermines a national imperative to eliminate racial discrimination,'' the appeal argues.
''I said to Mel -- MEL BROOKS, my husband -- I said, 'You know, we have to make sure this has a life.'''
Brokers: RJ Enterprises; William Pitt.
Blowing off steam: It was a wildcat strike, something seldom seen in Germany.
The company still makes occasional donations.
Sarkozy is cracking the whip, and France is seeing the results.
Cherished sister-in-law, aunt, teacher and friend.
But in recent weeks, two people active in the hotel industry have said that Mr. Silverstein talked to a developer working with the Hyatt hotel chain about building a tower with condominiums and hotel rooms, though on a much smaller scale than a convention hotel.
During games, he constantly yells encouragement at the Giants as they run off the field.
Page turning ''is a pain,'' he said.
Hotels can provide maps and arrange English-speaking guides for about $20 a day.
Brown, said the charges "reflect a profound and shameful betrayal of trust."
The son of President Jack Ryan embarks on a career as a counterterrorist agent.
Unless it can cut costs, Mr. Lakefield said, US Airways is in danger of posting losses in the third and fourth quarters in the range of its first-quarter loss of $177 million.
An article in Circuits on Thursday about classroom uses of iPod music players misidentified a Spanish class at the Brearley School in Manhattan that uses them to record students speaking.
The United States attorney, Christopher J. Christie, said the government had not sought a cooperation agreement with Mr. Abraham because he had little to offer in the way of testimony against Mr. Lakhani.
But there are longer-term trends at play, too.
But the new, three-story atrium at the Forum Shops at Caesars (3500 Las Vegas Boulevard South, 702-893-4800), a trompe l'oeil and marble-colonnaded shopping paradise adjacent to Caesars Palace, also boasts hip young brands like Nanette Lepore, Juicy Couture, Agent Provocateur and Scoop NYC, above.
He said his attempts to pray or sleep were disrupted by guards banging on his door.
He added, ''It's the single worst blemish you can have on your credit.''
Mattingly said that when he slumped as a player, he tried several stances to get out of it.
Plus, having retired law enforcement out there carrying weapons offers more protection, especially with the terrorist threat."
The notable exception, of course, is Maycroft.
And George W. Bush pledged in 2000 that he would have a "humble" foreign policy without nation-building.
What is surprising to you?
I don't believe we need a good judge of that kind of definition on either side.
That only amplified the tragedy and what the Titanic stood for.''
The police said the attack was not a suicide bombing but did not know whether a timer or remote control detonation device was used.
A1 Senator John Kerry showed he could preach from the pulpit and throw political punches while courting support in Mississippi, one of the most staunchly Republican states in the South.
For now, the stark-white trailers and motor homes will have to do.
Instead of a fixed number of gear ratios, like those of a conventional transmission -- whose shifts the driver can feel as they occur -- a C.V.T.
He will be an adult for a long time, but we've given him an extra year as a kid.
LEONARD S. MERANUS Cincinnati, May 11, 2004
Rather than creating something entirely new, however, he may have been paying homage to a 15th-century Japanese gardening technique called okarikomi, in which bushes are planted close together to form a single hedge or series of hedges and then clipped to rounded, undulating shapes resembling mountain ranges or waves, depending on the intent of the gardener.
Dr. Maathai's work has gone beyond trees.
A dagger (+) indicates that some bookstores report receiving bulk orders.
"If you count the number of times he said "free" or "freedom" in relation to Iraq and the Middle East during the debates, you would have to assume his vision of liberating and transforming the Middle East would be at the top of any second-term agenda," said James P. Pinkerton, a policy aide in the administrations of Ronald Reagan and the first President Bush.
Combined sales last year reached 85 percent of Wal-Mart de México's revenues of $10.7 billion.
Ms. Duff didn't offer much by way of stage spectacle.
Correction: October 12, 2004, Tuesday An article yesterday about a bus crash in Arkansas that killed 14 travelers from the Chicago area referred incorrectly to a friend of two victims who described their family as "real religious churchgoing people."
Does the economy get better or worse?
He stickhandled two of the teeth back to the bench.
Susan R. Lipp, a Manhattan lawyer who is editor of New York Apartment Law Insider, a monthly publication for property owners and managers, said that in the case, 270 Riverside Drive Inc. v. Braun, a landlord tried to evict a rent-controlled tenant who was collecting more rent from roommates than the tenant was paying to the landlord.
Diebold reported that the election systems business reduced earnings by 4 cents a share in the third quarter; it added 6 cents a share in the quarter a year ago.
An indictment would devastate Marsh, putting its survival at risk.
Mr. Rathour, 28, sued the city in federal court on grounds of religious discrimination.
Wanna follow the Red Sox' game half-inning by half-inning?
Modes of transport range from a Mercedes Unimog, used by a company called 4x4 New Zealand, (64-3) 693-8847, www.4x4newzealand.co.nz, to one's own two feet: ''In the Footsteps of the Hobbits'' is an ecologically sensitive hike in the back country organized by Tussocks &Beech Ecotours, (64-3) 303 0880, or www.nature.net.nz, which has a permit allowing access to Mount Sunday, location for Edoras.
That defensive role prompted Republicans to tag Mr. Daschle with the label "obstructionist," which helped cost him his job, landing him a place in history as the first sitting Senate leader to be defeated for re-election in more than half a century.
A judge in Federal District Court in Manhattan has ordered reinstatement and back pay for a city police officer and two firefighters who were fired after they wore blackface in a 1998 Labor Day parade in Broad Channel.
"If we don't play well, the defense is not going to be successful," Will Allen said of Peterson and him.
The call by Jackson and Murray Rose, who won three gold medals in swimming in 1956, was clean and spare.
A concerted effort by the United States Customs Service has turned up about another 1,000 pieces.
The government's reports on the wounded can be confusing.
STILL, it's more common for people to want to attract them -- Jerry Connolly of the Audubon Shop in Madison suggests good-sized platform feeders or feeding tables rather than cylindrical sunflower feeders -- than to get rid of them.
At the luncheon, Eli, who was 3 years old when his father retired from the N.F.L., was guarded about his reasons for trying to spurn the Chargers.
That's about what you get on other $350 cameras these days.
They can also gain more leverage over handset manufacturers, advertisers and other vendors.
Firefox has won praise from some Internet experts for being more innovative than Microsoft's Internet Explorer and less susceptible to malicious programs that routinely attack the Microsoft browser.
Now, as Mr. Blume searches for another staff writing job, he said, the sense of despair in Nashville is so prevalent that when people walk down Music Row, ''they say they feel like they're on the Titanic.''
Asked if it is the beginning of a continuing relationship, Mr. Levy said, ''I hope this will be the beginning of serious dating.''
(Audience members were given opera glasses so they could follow the minuscule action.)
Gays speak of ''trolls,'' who hang out in bars called ''wrinkle rooms.''
For me, it's a serious health issue.
So even though AON is trading at only about 10 times next year's earnings, it may not be a bargain for investors.
Ms. Pellegrini discussed the incident with a fellow official, Robert Benrubi, she said.
But he noted that the release had been negotiated between the United States government and Mr. Hamdi's lawyers and "does not involve the Saudi authorities."
That offense will probably face its toughest test so far this season when the Jets play the New England Patriots on Sunday in Foxboro, Mass.
The biggest payouts would go to those who collected the most quotas, in a system that evolved over six decades so that the quotas, created to artificially enhance the value of tobacco production during the Depression by controlling the amount of tobacco grown, could be traded or inherited.
We would like to bring the litigation and the controversy to closure.''
Correction Appended JERUSALEM - ONE of the major winners of America's war on terrorism has been nuclear-bound, terrorism-supporting Iran, and it is giving the Israelis nightmares.
At least 1,063 American soldiers have died since the start of the war.
Actually, abstraction can have a specific ethnic and political content.
MOLYVOS ** [Rating: Two Stars] (212) 582-7500; 871 Seventh Avenue (near 55th Street); $$$; Review: 7/17/02.
He graduated cum laude from Harvard.
''People want to talk about it.
There is one to the north of the Santa Monica Freeway, replete with convertible sports cars and homes where old trees grow.
Rob Schenck of Faith and Action, a Washington-based conservative political group.
Weeks This Last On Week Week List Nonfiction 1 1 4 UNFIT FOR COMMAND, by John E. O'Neill and Jerome R. Corsi.
The wisecracking lyrics are by Comden and Green.
When Duncan kept the ball, O'Neal was often there to smother his attempts.
The stock market gained in a holiday-shortened week, managing modest increases in all three major market gauges.
"We are somewhat limited by our physical plant right now," Professor Ezor said.
So what did really happen to teacher quality?
The success of ''Feels Like Home'' by Ms. Jones, the follow-up to ''Come Away with Me,'' her 2002 debut album, which sold eight million copies, bodes well for the industry, said Bruce Lundvall, the president and chief executive for jazz and classics at EMI Music, which owns the Blue Note label on which Ms. Jones records.
I thought not, but that was before I had examined the many studies defining the role of this too-often-ignored mineral nutrient.
You step to the flashing arrow.
''I voted for him four times,'' twice for California governor and twice for president.
He said the number of cars that mistakenly failed the test could range from 3,000 to 13,000, and Agbar's cost could be more than $1 million.
Another bathroom is attached to the girls' locker room, but the floor always seems to be wet from leaky toilets and sinks, she said.
The cancellation of Judy was the cancellation of a person, not a company, and it was an awful blow to take at her stage in life.''
Doug Wright's one-actor play, with a thrillingly accomplished performance by Jefferson Mays and a diamond-sharp production directed by Moisés Kaufman, tells a terrific story based on a real person, Charlotte von Mahlsdorf (né Lothar Berfelde), a soft-spoken but tenaciously gender-bending biological man who died in 2002 at 74.
Sales on the Curb market added another 7,096,300 shares to the day's total.
Iranian officials acknowledged Sunday that they have had a close relationship with Mr. Chalabi, but said he never gave them classified United States data.
She donated work to the Virginia Museum of Fine Arts and the Snite Museum of Art at Notre Dame University, as well as to the Brooklyn Museum, which organized an exhibition of 30 of her West and Central African marks and figural sculptures in 2000.
The company's theater in Elkhart, Ind., began offering it yesterday, and its theater in Traverse City, Mich., a popular family resort area, will make it available next month.
The Toyota, Honda and Ford hybrids increase fuel economy by 40 percent or more.
Men made up 46 percent of the voters, not 51; women were 54 percent, not 49.
In March 1999, he left Easton and worked at Lehigh Valley full time, mostly in the burn ward.
Dominique Nahas, a curator and art critic who lives in New York City, has selected the pieces for this year's exhibition.
Once they even went with their guards for a picnic on the beach and snorkeled, Asadullah said.
The bowl was hot, but unfortunately the dish -- a few vegetables, beef and fried egg, all mixed in with the rice -- was exceedingly bland.
He shared it with Jonathan Kalb, the chairman of the theater department at Hunter College, where Mr. Kauffmann currently teaches (and where I have sat in on several of his classes).
One night Mr. Gralnick said he got a call in the control room from the executive producer of one of the other two network newscasts.
They bought recycled claw-foot bathtubs and pedestal sinks from a local architectural salvage company.
Resales account for 85 percent of the residential real estate market in the United States.
''Luc Longley has done a great job for younger players like me coming through,'' Schenscher said.
The Board of Directors and Staff of the JCC of Mid-Westchester mourn the loss of Marion Stein, mother of former Chairman of the Board and President, Ellen Lazarus.
''For nearly 50 years Arnold Palmer has been the defining light in golf.
"Outside the Pacific these things don't occur very often at all so the challenge is how to make people and government officials aware," she said.
Ms. Wilson plays to jazz audiences, but isn't concerned with old definitions of the music.
Other worms, perhaps introduced by fishermen who discarded live bait on stream banks, are causing serious damage to woodlands.
''I've learned that Venice is beautiful!''
"Effectively, this whole package called a Palestinian state, with all it entails, has been removed indefinitely from our agenda."
The most recent New York Times/CBS News poll, conducted Oct. 14-17, found that while 11 percent of people who voted for Mr. Bush in 2000 said they were voting this time for Mr. Kerry, 7 percent of those who voted for Mr. Gore said they would vote this year for Mr. Bush.
The horseradish is amply hot and light; the three mustards include a beguiling red wine mustard that has a fruity and lasting heat; and the peppercorn is a beautifully executed classic sauce.
When the Opportunity rolls off the lander, it will stick instruments at the end of a mechanical arm into the soil and should be better able to identify the minerals there.
Under the inept leadership of Hoover's aide, Melvin Purvis, the bureau routinely missed hot leads and blew stakeouts.
A year ago, he founded the Dyckman Republican Committee in the Washington Heights/Inwood area, a particularly Republican-inhospitable part of a particularly Republican-inhospitable city.
But with respect to Saddam Hussein's regime and his link to terrorists, the committee did find that the C.I.A.
It has no real connection to the lifestyle that created it.
Kaiser isn't perfect but this country could do a lot worse than promoting the growth of this model.
The value of the A.D.R.
Walter left composing behind as conducting took over his life.
"Musical comedy was my dish," Wodehouse wrote years later.
Piazza was ensconced at first base last night, even making a nifty stretch.
But at the same time, it was a clean, hard foul and Twin doesn't have a malicious bone in his body.''
DIGITAL DOMAIN Randall Stross is a historian and author based in Silicon Valley.
So I've tried to stay at arm's length in every way possible.''
But to experience a single event -- a good introduction to his sometimes off-putting cerebral-sounding style -- is to plunge into the whole of Mr. Cunningham's choreographic world.
Houghton (R) Yea A Yea
Dr. Jerry Lynn, a retired dentist who lives in Manhattan, said Vioxx was the only drug he had ever taken for his arthritic knee.
While Chrysler still commands a third of the market for minivans, a segment it created 21 years ago, the competition has become quite fierce, especially from Japanese automakers.
I didn't agree with him all the time, but I have major respect for him as a man.''
Jones and Montgomery were not the only ones whom NBC connected to the Balco steroids scandal; Michelle Collins, Alvin Harrison and Chryste Gaines were cited, but less often; they are not the stars of the 100-meter sprints.
Sunday night at 8; admission is $17 (Pareles).
''The staff we're bringing to the project is a staff that looks pretty much like New York,'' Mr.
He wondered whether early childhood intervention ''could have a beneficial effect on the children of poor people.''
In its early form, the bill sketched a general plan, but critics said it did not address points such Highlands' residents right to build a shed in the backyard or add a room above the garage.
An article and a subheading in House & Home yesterday about designs for an Olympic Village in Queens, part of New York's bid to be host of the 2012 Summer Games, misstated the number of people the complex would house.
We got bigger things on our mind to worry about than who wants to be president."
She graduated from the College of Wooster in Ohio.
Perhaps we need to turn to the political scientists to help us figure out how to build a movement that can alter the political realities that are supposedly blocking the way to universal health care.
We have not seen Ms. Schwäg since.
His card said he was Edmond (Eddie) Supple, the administrative secretary for Local One.
Civil liberties are what America is.
And if that sounds depressing, there's even less hope offered by the university's companion program that searches out "free media" - political coverage on local television news, which most Americans cite as their main way to be informed.
Two ''affordable luxury'' players, Coach and Burberry, turned in white-hot performances as middle-class shoppers reached up to buy their goods.
Until then, Mr. Stadther would like to imagine, cocktail parties and playgrounds will be filled with treasure-hunting chatter.
Bell, Interpublic's chief executive, said during the conference call.
Note: This lesson was originally published on an older version of The Learning Network; the link to the related Times article will take you to a page on the old site.
''I received my license in New Jersey,'' he said.
Having gained the world through financial and legal fisticuffs, Haft turned around in 1993 and -- unwilling or perhaps unable to put down his bruised old dukes -- challenged his first son, Robert, to a brawl.
Hamilton wants two golden retrievers.
She will be greatly missed.
They shared the same self-deprecating humor."
It cannot dislodge an established pregnancy or harm a developing embryo.
"Fifty-eighth Street and 60th Street will be a very interesting test of how close we can be without cannibalizing sales."
''It's inevitable in the early years it will not be able to carry itself,'' he said.
They include S. guaranitica Black and Blue, which has cobalt blue blossoms and near-black calyxes, and S. patens, or gentian sage, which has electric blue flowers.
Late last year she helped find Dr. Blight, who has written extensively on slavery and was recently chosen to direct the Gilder Lehrman Center for the Study of Slavery, Resistance and Abolition at Yale.
Overcoming the human suspicion of oddity will be hard, the more so because the biological basis of many brain disorders can't be easily verified.
Sri Lanka always has had good batsmen, capable of playing big innings.
Calpers, the California state retirement system that is the biggest pension fund in the country, said it tendered its 1.5 million shares of PeopleSoft to Oracle on Wednesday; those holdings amount to about one-half of 1 percent of outstanding PeopleSoft shares.
Of the 4.4 million people who have received cards this year, 1.1 million have low incomes and qualify for the credit.
As he walked the streets one day last week, he noted one of the biggest changes he had seen as Lakewood aged and its population changed.
But in Turkey, government leaders said they have, at least so far, won a larger battle for their own credibility by demonstrating that they would not block a Cyprus deal.
The president's comments, his first on the missing explosives since Mr. Kerry began accusing him on Monday of incompetence in failing to secure Iraq after the American-led invasion, reflected concern in the Bush campaign that the issue could be hurting the president only six days before what is expected to be an extraordinarily close election.
Some, including me, had to "transfer knowledge" to foreigners before we were laid off.
And all three suggested, as ''Ulysses'' does, that puppets may serve a distinctive visual artist better than human players do, for a simple reason.
The designs were unveiled yesterday and will be on view for the next two weeks at Vanderbilt Hall in Grand Central Terminal.
Throughout his long public career in the movies, on television and in politics, he never lost the shy tilt of the head and the puckish grin so favored by Hollywood.
''The theory is that the economy causes people to vote the way they do,'' he said.
Martin injured his knee in the second quarter, although he returned to the game.
from the prior M.R.I.,'' Nets Coach Lawrence Frank said.
According to the analysis conducted by the comptroller, the biggest losers among towns and villages in Westchester -- not including cities -- are Bedford, with a loss of $92,725, followed by Harrison, at $36,149, and North Salem, at $24,395.
I've only talked to Barry at length once, a few years ago.
33 Green Village Road, Madison.
''Under George W. Bush,'' General Clark says, ''America's greatest export has been American jobs.''
''I was really thinking, 'Don't fall!'
In his first address to the annual Conservative Party gathering, Mr. Howard also sought to stem defections to the upstart U.K.
Mr. Murphy's impromptu review aside, the book sale especially attracts the trained eyes of scholars and book dealers, Mr. Snydacker said.
And he urged Ranford not to let a rival score even if the scene called for him to give up a goal.
It gave the stellar starter a second life as a superb closer.
As a lawyer representing ordinary people against doctors and big corporations, he won cases so easily that his opponents often settled rather than face him in court.
The idea of being bound up for years in costly and distracting litigation weighs heavily on them.
''The name is part of the common vocabulary,'' he said.
Talks relate to the permanent collection and special exhibitions, focusing this spring on ''The Book of Kings: Art, War and the Morgan Library's Medieval Picture Bible,'' on display through June 6.
Although global warming remains politically sensitive and highly debated, park officials tell the public that the rise in temperatures since the Industrial Revolution, which vastly increased the amount of carbon dioxide and other gases that hold heat close to the earth, is melting the glaciers.
These are simple wines, also available by the bottle or you can bring a bottle; the corkage fee is $6.50.
He said that the Pennsylvania e-mail message was part of a larger national effort.
''will have the means to selectively document its history.''
Most are titled "Golk Golk," the name of one of L-15's angelic visitors.
The industry's No.2, the Schwan Food Company of Marshall, Minn., released its own rising-crust pie in 1996, under the Freschetta label.
It's a little like getting turned around on your way back to deer camp after sundown in a snowstorm.
Sometimes that pitcher, you can't always rely on that fastball.
"But I don't know that it changes much."
Rwanda's tourist industry reached its peak in 1984, when there were an estimated 39,000 visitors.
Over the years, the more I learned about comedy writing (not that there's much one can actually learn, but I suppose a little experience can sometimes help quell the panic) the more I appreciated George S. Kaufman.
The Yankees have now beaten Boston's best two pitchers, Curt Schilling and Martínez, behind outstanding pitching performances by Mike Mussina and Jon Lieber.
NOT that everyone gets it.
The controversy, however, could evaporate at any moment.
The fund has been a source of debate for months, and the legislature passed a law last spring to reduce the amount of money that individuals could contribute to it, to $1,000 from $2,500, and making public the names of those who donated after the law took effect.
The Pirates kept the pace fast enough to prevent Syracuse from settling into its zone, which is no friend of iffy-shooting Seton Hall.
That is because Chesapeake watermen pulled an all-time low of about 25,000 bushels of oysters from the bay last year, compared with 80,000 in 1993 -- and a staggering 15 million back in the glory days of 1885.
They used the basement to breed birds.
Flatlands is carved out by Ralph Avenue on the east, Flatlands Avenue on the north, Flatbush Avenue on the west and Avenue U on the south, though that border is negotiable, say some real-estate brokers who contend that the section below Avenue N is Old Mill Basin.
Water was scarce on the plains.
He has been mentioned as the likely first governor of such an entity, but has played down any aspirations.
In interviews, Dr. Fauci and other senior American scientists and experts said more space was greatly needed, and they dismissed safety concerns.
Still, Ms. Mullen acknowledges that it is a modest victory.
Tours are given on the hour, from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Wednesday through Saturday and from 1 to 3 p.m. on Sunday.
The corporations surveyed were in the mining, construction, manufacturing, transportation, finance, insurance, real estate and service industries, but not in wholesale, retail, agriculture, forestry or fishing, the commission said.
For me, music is crystal clear and self-explanatory.
"He was frustrated, sure," said Yadier Molina, a catcher who played for the Smokies last season and is now a rookie with St. Louis.
Josephine Boutot of Wolcott, a self-described ''newbie'' in the group, said she had not followed either team until this season.
Mr. Klein went to work in the basement of his Brookfield, Conn., home, hiring a part-time technician, putting up four workbenches to create a small laboratory and starting work on creating prototypes.
A year later, Seifert was dismissed after going 1-15.
were still alive in 2001 and that only 5 of the 27 they could track down needed to start antiretroviral therapy.
h. What other kind of “smart-stop system” will be available eventually?
In lieu of flowers, donations can be made to Loyola School, 980 Park Ave., NY, NY 10028, or Xavier High School, 30 West 16 Street, NY, NY 10011.
Two shuttle services with Manhattan operations offer Internet access.
But other Iraqi officials who are not members of the Iraqi National Accord have said that Mr. Chalabi's removal was only one of several moves by Dr. Allawi to take control of key tribunal posts.
For many years, Ms. Laughlin ran a workshop for school children at the Washington School in Manchester where she and her family lived in a home that was built by her great grandfather in 1842.
Organized by Catherine de Zegher and Carol Armstrong, this dense, slightly overstuffed exhibition reveals how a demand for more efficient ways to make detailed reproductions of plants, mostly for scientific study, was a catalyst for photographic experiments.
Reservations for Monasterio and Sanctuary Lodge can be made by calling (800) 237-1236.
Still, the cynicism of the enterprise leaves a bit of a sour taste.
Overview of Lesson Plan: In this lesson, students learn about trireme, a type of ancient Persian warship.
By the time these controversial contracts were signed, Mr. Cheney no longer worked for Halliburton.
Mr. Aarons was president of the gay journalists' group from 1990 until 1997.
Brilliantly conceived by a French academician, Jean-Baptiste Stouf, it evokes a robust blast of wind that has scattered the branches of the tree, destroyed the victim's hairdo and sent a piece of her ample garment billowing wildly about her head in a cleverly executed hollow circular form.
And Justice Souter asked Mr. Orfanedes, ''If you get some discovery and you win your case, what do you get when you win that you will not already have gotten by the discovery?''
Yesterday a spokeswoman for Robert M. Morgenthau, the Manhattan district attorney, said there was not enough evidence to charge anyone in the other two cases.
Mr. Miller died June 3, 2004 in Portland, OR at the age of 99.
In The Times, Vincent Canby called the movie ''the molecular structure of a human relationship.''
"House of Flying Daggers" was shown as part of this year's New York Film Festival.
Another category, women killed by current or former intimate partners, is tracked by Dr. Susan Wilt, the assistant commissioner for health promotion and disease prevention at the Health Department.
John A. Connelly, Waterbury's state attorney who prosecuted the case, said the appellate court's ruling weighed heavily in deciding to offer the plea bargain.
Jeter, the team captain, has played in six World Series in the nine years he has been a Yankee, and, at 30, he has the luxury of being able to wear four championship rings on one hand.
Mr. Borelli had removed an air-conditioner from a wall in a room where he and several other inmates were staying.
The paper reported that Lieutenant Faaumu had said the two men initially made some ''inconsistent statements'' to detectives but that the inconsistencies were resolved during additional questioning.
But what she does not know is that the sloppy, rude-intended, and rowdy family he introduces as his own are actors, cast to make her own family horrified at the prospect of this union.
Under the 2005 federal budget, the government said it would pay an amount based on the average cost of the vouchers through July 2004, with an inflation adjustment.
UBS has not been charged with any crimes in the matter.
Another question is whether consumers who have become accustomed to watching television on huge sets at home would be interested in watching shows on tiny screens.
Mr. Krekar was arrested in Iran in May 2002 and deported to Amsterdam, where he was held for months and twice questioned by the Federal Bureau of Investigation before being sent to Norway in January 2003.
After he claimed his right to remain silent about a dozen times, the Legislature's presiding officer, Judith A. Jacobs, said that there was no point in prolonging the questioning.
Does she know Britney Spears?
The task force has until Dec. 31 to make its recommendations on the size, structure, goals and duration of a convention, which would be the third in the state's history.
The rules for green burials are simple: coffins must be nontoxic and biodegradable, no vaults are allowed and embalming fluids are not used.
LAST year, the Oxford University historian Robin Lane Fox, the author of a much-admired 1973 biography of Alexander the Great, found himself astride a horse, carrying a wooden lance, thundering through the desert dust with scores of mounted companions as Alexander's greatest conquest unfolded.
During World War II the senior Mr. Selby returned to the merchant marine.
He did not think he was doing anything different than they were doing.''
The menu, too, echoes past listings, but in this case, it's a good thing.
Since then, even with the incentive no longer in place and a fast-growing population, California has significantly modified the way it uses power, cutting consumption by 10 percent or more over the last three years.
Mr. Phillips may not quite be a filmmaker, but he is on his way to becoming a director; his grasp of tone is a few steps ahead of his previous film, ''Old School.''
In 2000 more than 8,000 people celebrated the new millennium at Westport's First Night, but typical attendance is between 3,500 and 5,000.
WHEELCHAIR ACCESS -- Ramp at entrance.
Jonsson's nine seasons with the Islanders give him the longest term of service with the team.
The Waterford Commons complex features seven anchor stores ranging from 10,000 to 65,000 square feet, seven ''subanchors'' of 5,000 to 10,000 square feet and 19 smaller stores.
(Ages 1 to 7) 3 2 21 HOW I BECAME A PIRATE, by Melinda Long.
A Muslim spiritual leader who wrote a book telling Muslim men how to beat their wives was sentenced to 15 months in prison for encouraging violence against women, a court in Barcelona announced Wednesday.
George W. Rutler will officiate at the Roman Catholic Church of Our Saviour in Manhattan.
Eva S. Moskowitz, chairwoman of the City Council education committee, said she felt strongly that children like Ashanti should be allowed to transfer.
He claimed that he ignored the Travelers form because he was looking for the limitations.
Peter Scotti's earliest memories of Brooklyn are all about figs.
For instance, Dr. Kaye said, Paxil, the newest of the drugs, may have been prescribed for suicidal cases more often than the others.
Some analysts said the S.E.C.
The first screen, bafflingly, featured a contemporary image of the White House, which gave way to the words "Rule of Law" and then to one of Hamilton's fine sentiments on the subject.
Harry C. Boyte, senior fellow at the Hubert H. Humphrey Institute of Public Affairs at the University of Minnesota, notes that there is a cultural populism with a strong Republican tradition -- a defense of the average American against ''the professional elites that look down their noses at ordinary people,'' particularly government elites.
"I knew she was a fighter, I knew she was not going to give it up.
In the past four years of Israeli-Palestinian fighting, the agency's role has expanded to meet the urgent needs of Palestinians who have lost their livelihoods and homes because of the conflict.
''I've put much more conservative people on the bench because I've wanted longer sentences, and I'm getting those longer sentences,'' he said in 1997.
It also said the Securities and Exchange Commission was investigating.
Footnotes Gil Cates, who has produced 11 Academy Awards broadcasts since 1990, has signed on to produce next year's, The Associated Press reported.
''People come in, and their perception is that the fish they're buying was caught in the middle of the night,'' said Mr. Texidor.
"But I think the thing you learn from it is you got to keep going.
On the Ogo, you get only four directional arrow keys.
Mr. Kerry will describe his proposals in detail on Tuesday and will include a commitment to secure all the nuclear materials in the former Soviet Union in the next four years, saying that at the pace Mr. Bush is going ''this work will take 13 years.''
RATLIFF ONE NIGHT WITH LITE, the Theater at Madison Square Garden, 7th Avenue at 32nd Street, (212) 465-6741.
There are lessons in art, music and drama, subjects that are sometimes eliminated in regular public schools because of budget cuts.
Some speak as if the hopes of a lifetime have been swept to sea.
"Obviously, you've got to trust it and try to put a ball in play, and I didn't do that very well.
Why delight critics, and irritate supporters, with a bout of stonewalling that's hardly worth the fight?
Yet Ms. Walentas was quick to point out that the new coffee shop down the street had certainly not been installed by her husband.
In paintings, she dovetails the figures of Sita from the "Ramayana" and Medea -- the one an ideal of submissive self-sacrifice, the other an emblem of destructive fury -- to propose a complex female persona beyond controlling stereotypes.
''For selfish reasons, he needs to be great at it,'' said Gary Pearce, who advised Mr. Edwards during his 1998 Senate campaign.
There were no arrests, but the police were ''pursuing a number of leads,'' he said, calling the blaze ''a deadly, intentionally set fire.''
Rex Street dead-ends at the Byram River, which can be glimpsed from the back deck.
A smoking ban in many public places is also having an impact on drinking.
HOW SOCCER EXPLAINS THE WORLD: An Unlikely Theory of Globalization, by Franklin Foer.
LONDON, Sept. 14 - Citigroup told employees on Tuesday that it regretted executing a $13.5 billion bond trade that has raised the ire of rival traders in Europe and led to an investigation by regulators in Britain.
Cabdrivers coasted the streets like joy riders.
WITH two more months of winter left, indoor rock climbing is one way to fool the calendar, but some special skills are needed.
But developing and distributing new tests, he said, takes as long as a year and a half.
Mohammed finished with 7 points and 9 rebounds.
Groups of parents are working on other new schools and programs as well.
Hunter also threw out Jorge Posada at the plate in the second to complete the second double play by the Twins, who set a record for twin killings in a nine-inning postseason game.
That, he reasoned, would create a "borderless identity" for Nissan.
''He kept asking: 'What am I going to do with these things?'''
Fielding is currently enrolled in M.I.T.
A beautiful pianist, teacher and wonderful friend who will be deeply missed by all who knew and loved her.
Marbury grinned broadly, turned toward Wilkens and held out his hand, as if to say, "Let it be."
As a result, the Guardian would produce 70 tons of global-warming gases over its lifespan, compared with 119 tons for the Explorer.
I came out to my family when I was 19, and my friends and associates on the Tour are all aware that I am gay.
And this is one of those times when we are facing war and danger.
(713) 228-8421, www.alleytheatre.org Vermont WESTON PLAYHOUSE -- A ''Tartuffe'' transplanted to the Gatsby era begins the season (June 24-July 3) at Weston, which last year added an ''Other Stages'' series to its main stage offerings.
And you know what they like?
Even if the submarines can be detected, the Canadian Navy does not have submarines or surface warships capable of operating in the high Arctic to do anything about it.
Nonetheless, vitamins were no cure.
Frequent fliers who use the respective airline at that airport will be given an opportunity beginning next month to apply for an identification card that will reduce the number of times they are selected for secondary screening -- the more careful going-over that is administered to some travelers at random, and to others for secret reasons that are thought to include booking at the last minute, buying one-way tickets or paying with cash.
Established in the last period of military rule in the early 1980's, it has been the army's vehicle for communicating its views on a variety of issues, including Kurdish separatism and the privatization of state companies.
In the past 30 years, there has been a succession of civil wars, waves of armies and militias from all sides moving through, each of them, killing, poaching, recklessly destroying people and wildlife.
For his part, Mr. Bush has been promising an ambitious overhaul of the Social Security system to create private investment accounts for younger workers.
''I realize the sacrifice they made,'' Brown said of those players.
To help with safe bathing during spring and summer, Mr. McGrouther piped in fresh water to create offshore pools near nesting sites, which are about 150 feet apart.
''We all wanted to make sure the sex scenes didn't come out looking like lady-touching,'' Ms. Kirshner said.
But it also records an important moment of flowering, when new had a spiritual rather than commercial ring, and an intensely politicized modernism both built on and rubbed up against a less intense old one.
''I don't know if it's because D.C. insiders like to keep it that way, but I'm in New York and I want to hear it.''
Walter upheld the Scheuer family's commitment to tikkun olam and has made an indelible impact through his generosity and vision.
There are also books about slavery and civil rights, Native American narratives and fictional tales, as well as age appropriate Holocaust stories.
A spokesman for the agency declined to comment on the waiver request while it is being reviewed.
In contrast, the actual plateau is as silent as a tomb.
Admission: $5; students and 65+, $3 (Glueck).
In April, Mr. Sadr told his militia to wage war on the Americans at the same time that the Marines staged an ill-fated assault on Falluja, creating a two-front revolt that led to one of the biggest crises of the occupation.
There were no known cases in which health workers had become infected through blood.
But during an extended interview approved by his F.B.I.
A12 Private Craft Reaches Space A veteran civilian test pilot became the first human to reach space in a privately developed mission, guiding a tiny rocketship more than 60 miles above California in a flight that flirted with disaster.
He spends $7 a day on cigarettes, $4 on coffee and the rest on food.
American and British Wilsonian idealists can hold their heads high today; the defeatists who presume to call themselves realists were defeated.
She stopped recently at the Guilderland rest area on the New York Thruway.
I think aside from John Davidson, I have the best hair on television.
Still, happy and optimistic, they poured a ceremonial splash of rum on the car's floorboard for good fortune, and lurched away.
Included were a double and a homer off Randy Johnson, who was on a rehabilitation assignment.
Burial will be in Holy Sepulchre Cemetery in Rochester, NY.
The Bond Has Been Broken For those outside Chicago, it is difficult to fathom how this smiling civic hero could be reduced to a brooding public enemy in such short order.
Evangelical Christians account for 30 percent to 40 percent of the American population, and many of them have recently been hearing their leaders declare that the nation is primed for a return of the ecstatic Great Awakenings that moved Americans in the 18th and 19th centuries to convert to Christianity in droves.
Upon their return, the inspectors discovered that about 35 tons of HMX were missing.
Her scoping involved much Internet research.
On July 10, passed away at age 92.
Come next week, after all the debates and shouting and position papers, walking into the voting booth and drawing the curtain is ultimately an intimate act of faith and hope, a best, nervous guess for the future judged on what can be known of the past.
There was no one on the little esplanade, no one sitting on its pristine benches, no one anywhere.
Franke said that he had not heard from the United States Attorney's office, but that he had been in contact with the United States Anti-Doping Agency.
Services Wednesday at 12:45 at ''Parkside Chapel,'' Queens Blvd.
As he described it last week, that struggle is being waged by the "greatest force for good on Earth," against terrorists bent on America's destruction.
Even her face is hidden through the video, first by a brimmed hat, and then by long bangs.
And he was hearing about plans for Soho House, the Manhattan branch of the hip London social club.
''The Human Stain'' was the last film photographed by the gifted French cinematographer Jean-Yves Escoffier (''Les Amants du Pont-Neuf''), who died in April 2003 at 52; the transfer from Miramax Home Entertainment does a good job of reproducing his cool pastel tones.
), ''Bombay Dreams'' briefly reaches the dizzy, surreal heights you associate with the movies that inspired it.
Her mother is the president of the Manhattan Guild, a nonprofit organization that raises money for health causes in Israel.
But his unabashed reliance on sounds so alien to hip-hop culture seems like a turning point.
When Bradlees opened a decade ago, it put windows into what had been a windowless, glazed white brick and blue mosaic tile building put up by Mays in 1965.
In his note to supporters, Mr. Mehlman wrote, "After last week's debate, the Kerry campaign spin machine managed to mask their candidate's flip-flops on the war in Iraq, imposition of a 'global test' for protecting America and repeated denigration of our troops and allies."
"She's been the next-door neighbor of my grandmother since I was born," he said.
standings, our job now is to respond and move forward," Coker said in a statement.
The second-line backbeat of New Orleans funk is the heartbeat of the Radiators, a long-running rock band that sings about woman trouble and other frustrations while it keeps people shimmying on the dance floor.
Celebrities rarely speak on behalf of them.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 5 - A reassessment by the Central Intelligence Agency has cast doubt on a central piece of evidence used by the Bush administration before the invasion of Iraq to draw links between Saddam Hussein's government and Al Qaeda's terrorist network, government officials said Tuesday.
''He couldn't stop looking and talking about it,'' Mr. Cronkite said.
The government expects combined oil and gas revenues this year to drop by more than 25 percent.
Mr. Bolloré is known for buying small stakes in companies and then transforming the companies into great profit-makers, either by pressuring management or changing a company's strategic direction.
The cooking technique is just one step beyond grilling a hamburger.
"to support" a particular administration and its political decisions.
But everything here, including an imperious "Someone to Watch Over Me," has much greater weight.
If it was just a trespassing investigation, why seek the membership records of the National Lawyers Guild?
The place is almost invisible from the sea, its steep green hills meeting the Caribbean at a small black sand beach, its five guesthouses hidden among trees and spread out inland on the resort's 56 acres.
"It's not like the character has a moment to be weak."
"It's just another reason to mess with them."
''The Upper East Side buyer may need the whole nine yards,'' like the gilding and the crown moldings, she said.
For the week, the Dow Jones industrial average gained 221.71 points, or 2.2 percent, closing at 10,188.45.
Hardly in a position to argue, he agreed togive Anna the house and furnishings and go away; he may even have been secretly relieved.
"We do want to keep our uniqueness and funkiness," said Tom Oosterhoudt, one of the City Commission's five members.
Stevenson muttered as he wiped the spittle off.
DEVIL IN THE MOUNTAIN: A Search for the Origin of the Andes, by Simon Lamb.
The legislation, backed by the White House, would require defendant companies and insurers to contribute up to $124 billion to the fund, which would pay claims to all patients injured by asbestos exposure.
After the Paralympics, where he finished 15th in the marathon, Schabort went home to spend time with his family.
gave Wilson's report a ''good'' grade because ''the Nigerien officials admitted that the Iraqi delegation had traveled there in 1999 and that the Nigerien Prime Minister believed the Iraqis were interested in purchasing uranium'' -- confirming what the British and Italian intelligence services had told us from their own sources.
It specializes in seyval blanc, De Chaunac and other hybrids.
His reference was to NBC's extensive coverage of the finales of two of its sitcoms, ''Friends'' and ''Frasier,'' on episodes of ''Dateline'' and elsewhere on the network's news programs.
For the default fund it was just 16 basis points.
Stanley Fish and his students rightly note that how words are chosen and strung together is not cosmetic, but the "operational vehicles" of the candidates' integrity.
''I'd expect if there's a tax case against Yukos,'' he said, ''there should be ones against other oil companies.''
For now, justice is served by Bishop Murphy's relying on the law as it is.
''My family jokes that I was just this dirty fur ball.''
In fact, my French professor told me I was 'overqualified' for his class!
Second, the Iraqis really do have a galvanizing hunger for democracy.
A few hours earlier at a news conference, another manager, Jennifer Trosper, reported progress on identifying the problem, but estimated that it would be two to three weeks before the rover returned to work.
In ceremonies in Stockholm on May 24, when King Carl XVI Gustaf of Sweden will confer the prizes, the former Led Zeppelin guitarist Jimmy Page will read Mr. King's citation, and the conductor Elgar Howarth will do the same for Mr. Ligeti, The Associated Press reported.
''I didn't think he hit his head, and you could see he was mad.
Although air pollution has traditionally been linked with respiratory problems, the authors of the study said their findings added to growing evidence that pollution also played a role in the onset and progression of cardiovascular disease.
''This is the most rewarding time of my life,'' she said.
Does Mr. Simon remember what he wrote?
He demanded that Mr. Karzai dismiss his interior and defense ministers or face the collapse of his government, and he railed against passes by American jets over his home Thursday night.
''In the past five to 10 years, this type of museum has been under a revival,'' said Anne Higonnet, an art history professor at Barnard College and Columbia University.
B1 EDUCATION Problems Plague Reading Test As third grade teachers across New York City opened exam booklets to administer a makeup reading test, they discovered that the answer sheets did not match the test.
Collecting and selling scrap aluminum can be lucrative.
To the Editor: Of course we need to be concerned about the diminishing job prospects for college graduates.
SCOTT 'SKY CAPTAIN AND THE WORLD OF TOMORROW' Starring Jude Law, Gwyneth Paltrow, Angelina Jolie and Giovanni Ribisi.
WITH a total of four nominations at the Academy Awards tonight, for ''The Girl With a Pearl Earring'' and ''The Cooler,'' Lions Gate Entertainment has captured the attention of Hollywood.
The charge stemmed from a police corruption scandal in West New York, where Mr. Abreu was active in Mr. Sires's winning campaign for mayor in 1995.
Consumers Union had sought a dismissal of the suit.
Our focus is to get those nine players back to playing where they are capable.''
One senior official at the agency said its "fundamental approach" was to tell policy makers about dissenting views.
Some real torture was inflicted -- not that there's anything wrong with that.
His treasures include eight jacaranda-wood dining room chairs by Rodrigues, $1,200 each.
But mobile phones have extended this exclusivity to places where community used to be the norm -- on planes, for example, in conference rooms and in restaurants.
Through childhood and adolescence, Andy and I became each other's best companions, roaming bush trails together in the Eastern Cape of South Africa.
ATLANTIC CITY ART CENTER ''Art Rugs: The Art of Playing Cards.''
's campus, because I don't really like their campus," he said.
Ian Gresham, senior principal engineer at M/A-Com of Lowell, Mass., a maker of radar for automotive and other applications, said the chip's technology and performance were highly promising.
Though his overall portrayal of Otello seems a work in progress, he was in splendid voice.
Last night, people milled about on street corners, sharing news of the discovery in Inwood Hill Park.
Once there, the patient may be asked to sign a form authorizing the release of the records.
''I'm surprised you didn't hear it.''
Captain DeSimone, 52, is taking over an operation that has endured a torrent of criticism since the crash, accused of falling badly behind other maritime enterprises in its safety procedures and training, and assailed as a bastion of nepotism and cronyism.
Here, in his only New York recital of the season, he plays works by Beethoven (the Bagatelles, Op.
Bartenders serve from a list of excellent wines, bottles of which are stacked to the ceiling.
This Qaeda-ism accounts for some but hardly all of the world's terrorist activities.
Sure, there's oohing and ahing at farmers' markets here over pricey organic chèvre made by earnest newcomers to the cheese trade.
Mr. Aristide, whose disputed re-election in 2000 set off the current crisis, has vowed to finish his term, which expires in 2006, and has called for new legislative elections this year.
The passage continued: In his view, one of the bank's mistakes was to allow some managers to run their own leveraged buyout fund.
You weren't interested in just one or two songs.
"And people that live and work in this state deserve a minimum wage, and five and a quarter just wasn't doing it."
Emma Ortega, mother of Juan, has become a less frequent visitor.
It was on April 7, 1987, that Ms. Newton made a frantic call to the police saying she had come home and found the bodies of her husband, Adrian, a drug addict and dealer, and their children, Alton and Farrah, each shot once execution style.
Through the early 1970's, cotton plantations set up by British colonialists on the banks of the Nile formed the backbone of Uganda's economy.
Beloved husband of Natalie for 58 years.
He said the controversy "doesn't bother me a bit."
In the case of our team from the 1980 Olympic Games, I tip my hat to Disney for presenting it as representing far more than beer and cussing.
Now the Nets are only down two games to one, and as great as Jefferson was, he will probably have to be better in Game 4.
But for Europe, it said, this will be a quiet summer.
That background did not keep Seton Hall from grabbing its place in big-time college basketball when the Big East was founded in 1979.
Indeed, many of the town's 2,200 full- and part-time residents (about 30 percent of them weekenders, according to town officials) are creative types -- artists, designers, publishers, painters, photographers and writers.
Four minutes into the fourth quarter with the score tied, the Bills had stymied a Patriots drive and New England was prepared to settle for a field goal.
Inside the Lies That Led to War and Betrayed My Wife's CIA Identity: A Diplomat's Memoir.
The measures may be too late to appease some disgruntled residents, many of whom are urging that the entire school board be ousted.
We estimated that without traffic, it was probably only a two-and-a-half-hour drive from Bonifacio to Corte, our next overnight.
Mr. Jones said that the backlog of tests ''had been damaging cases.''
Yuval Steinitz, chairman of the Israeli Parliament's foreign and defense committee, argues that Iran is a clear danger for the entire West, since it is working on an intercontinental missile that could threaten Europe and NATO.
''You have to be elegant about it.''
Just like you've been doing."
Sandy Alomar Jr., the veteran White Sox catcher, did not get a hit in three at-bats against Vazquez in the Yankees' 3-1 victory.
Columns: David Brooks, Nicholas D. Kristof.
A3 Middle East Reacts to Shift The advisers to Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel predicted that he would now get the domestic support he needs to push ahead with his Gaza plan, as the Palestinian leadership reeled in reaction to President Bush's dramatic shifts in American Middle East policy.
Mr. Bush has used a version of the same line at every campaign stop he has made since the end of his convention on Thursday night, and here, as in Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Iowa and Ohio in recent days, it brought rousing cheers from the audience.
I thought that was a wonderful movie.
Clarifying Article: December 21, 2004, Tuesday Letter A Legal Employment To the Editor: Re your Dec. 12 correction to the Dec. 11 reference to my employment of my son's nanny: My employment of my son's nanny, Jane Lucas, was at all times in the past, and still is, perfectly legal, on my part and on hers.
Nonetheless, it's sort of inspiring in this cold Iowa winter to see at least some Americans who have preserved, despite decades of discouragement, a stubborn faith in politics, and the possibility of change.
And at no time is the stress on the border more visible than the holidays, when immigration and customs officials say they are most overwhelmed.
Baker did not wish to revisit those feelings on Friday, and he carefully steered the conversation away from himself.
And these are also states where the culture encourages sexual abstinence before marriage, she said.
Bush is America, just as Chirac is France.
For each of the gymnasts, the two bungees are joined at their apex, some 60 feet above the stage.
Lukoil is already a partner of ConocoPhillips in a number of Russian projects, including a joint venture in Timan Pechora in northern Russia.
That foundation has followed me ever since.
''And it is across the board.
In Lower Manhattan, the cornerstone of the 1,776-foot Freedom Tower was laid and the rebuilding of the World Trade Center site officially begun with speeches honoring those who died in the terrorist attacks of 9/11 and hailing the resiliency of the American spirit.
''The riders not thrown,'' the novel continues, ''leaped from their horses and tried to control them with the reins, but even as they struggled, their own flesh dissolved, their eyes melted and their tongues disintegrated.
The steering was tight and responsive.
We've heard a lot of talk over the past few months about moral values.
TEXAS RANGERS Buck Showalter, second season 2003: 71-91, last place Not many teams can boast of coming back from their winter vacation without players of the caliber of Alex Rodriguez, Rafael Palmeiro and Juan Gonzalez.
And Mr. Edwards's supporters mirrored his bent for sidestepping the crossfire by picking a spot a few hundred yards up the road.
A full-time job at the federal minimum wage of $5.15 an hour is not even sufficient to keep a family of three out of poverty.
''It's a terrible thing to have any bureaucrat try to take away your overtime, because you have to provide for your family,'' Mr. Fredericksen said.Nonetheless, he turned down Ms. Skorupa's request for a donation.
So far, he added, the girls and their parents have all gotten along remarkably well, and they have all adapted well to the vagaries of a performer's life.
But the description of the prewar conclusions as reasonable is very different from the judgment reached unanimously in July by the Senate Intelligence Committee, whose report described the conclusions as having been unwarranted and unfounded.
Last season, the Boston Red Sox thought they could reinvent the game and not have a closer.
Once thought to be a kind of intellectual breadbasket that could hold one, several or many numbers and words depending on its size, it is now described as more like a mental food processor that helps shape ingredients while keeping the mind focused on that task at hand.
Belichick congratulated Weis on the job but would not discuss how the Patriots would handle the arrangement.
Wilsons the Leather Experts, a retailer of leather clothing and accessories, plans to close as many as 100 stores and eliminate about 1,000 jobs to reduce expenses as it renegotiates agreements with lenders.
That continuing willingness to invest surplus dollars in Treasuries helps to explain why the dollar has fallen in value by only about 10 percent over the last year against a market basket of currencies representing the nation's trading partners.
3 9 2 JONATHAN STRANGE & MR. NORRELL, by Susanna Clarke.
Edward was appointed special labor counsel to the City of New York by former mayors Lindsey, Beame, Koch and Dinkins.
Instead, it says that United Nations and NATO officials sometimes gave a positive image of their response to the violence, and sometimes blamed each other for the failures.
For the third consecutive night, prices for contemporary art continued to rise so high that even some of the most seasoned dealers began to wonder if it was too much of a good thing.
Even if they were eligible, the Central and East Europeans have little economic incentive to rush into a club dominated by the lumbering giants of Western Europe.
(Caution: they cannot be used indoors.)
He has reported theoretical support for the concept that spin states can flow from electron to electron just as a charge does, but without generating the resistance that causes energy to be lost every time a charge moves from one transistor to another over a short copper interconnect.
That is not much of an improvement over a conversation he once had with a historian whose knowledge about the area's black residents began and ended at Colonial times and the slaves who toiled on the land of the Morris family.
Regulars knew they could stay for hours, buy one five-inch carriage bolt for $1.49 and still be warmly treated by a staff that loved tinkering as much as they.
I wasn't going to say that.''
Mr. Bush gave no specific timetable for when he might name someone to the position, and the White House did not answer questions on whether the legislation creating the job could be completed before November.
(These became a phenomenon after they popped up on MTV's ''Cribs,'' a show about celebrity lifestyles, on the car of Latrell Sprewell, the Minnesota Timberwolves star -- and owner of Sprewell Motorsports.)
Believe me, I could use some advice.
Planting even part of a yard with native flowers, shrubs and trees helps restore habitats for butterflies and birds that have been destroyed through suburbanization.
Leaders of the House Judiciary Committee were to announce on Thursday their plans for a series of hearings.
WEAKNESSES -- The offense is a disaster.
The regulator fined the company, which is government-chartered, $125 million for using trades to reduce earnings volatility from 2000 until 2002.
A-Rod at third will make Jeter even better.
FEW people ever set out to row across the Atlantic.
"He's considered much more outspoken, much more specific," said Edward Norton, head of the Nature Conservancy in China.
Offlee Wild endured an eight-race losing streak, including five starts after the Kentucky Derby, before winning an allowance race at Belmont Park on May 14.
''It's like a little cooperative.''
''By Friday night, we'll know exactly what direction we want to go and what player we want to select,'' Chargers General Manager A. J. Smith said yesterday in a statement.
In most states, disused cemeteries are legal orphans, ineligible for public money that might rehabilitate them.
In an Op-Ed article in The New York Times on Thursday, Mr. Powell laid out his priorities for the new year, including the fight against terrorism, subduing North Korea's nuclear weapons program, promoting trade and democracy, and helping to rebuild Afghanistan and Iraq.
''Players who have instincts like that, you have to let them go with their instincts,'' Devils Coach Pat Burns said.
''The Flu Season'' begins in darkness.
After 14 years at Gucci, 10 as creative director -- a period documented in a coming book from Rizzoli -- Mr. Ford is about to find out if he has a second act.
"I don't think that makes too much difference," he said of the company's role as only a virtual marketplace.
Riverhead turned to the arts in the early 90's in desperation.
"In the moment they enter Venezuelan territory, violating our sovereignty, they become enemies of Venezuela," he told reporters in the colonial city of Cartagena, where he met with his Colombian counterpart, Álvaro Uribe, to talk about trade and security issues.
However, when we asked which part of the festival they enjoy most, they responded with smiles, ''The samba.''
Tests run by the government a few years ago suggested that half the usual dose would suffice for healthy people.
''MTV Cribs'' produces a special car edition called, ''Whips, Rides & Dubs.''
This revival of the Metropolitan Opera's elaborate Elijah Moshinsky production of Verdi's breakthrough early work, a biblical epic of conflict between the Hebrew people and their Babylonian oppressors, lacks the energy and focus it had when introduced in 2001, or even when brought back last season.
When he died, he left specific instructions that he was to be cremated, "as expeditiously and inexpensively as may be, without ritual or ceremony of any kind."
But whether we ever saw the ''real'' Kennedy in his public persona remains a subject of historical debate.
The bill also shields groups like ClearPlay that create "family friendly" versions of films by taking violent or sexually explicit scenes out of movies.
Mr. Borjas argued that while it might take more than $30 an hour to find qualified plumbers, eventually, at some wage, workers in the United States would show up.
Still, beating UConn is a tall order, Coach Cathy Inglese of Boston College said.
''Finally the courts have taken action to put an end to the anarchy in San Francisco.''
Mr. da Silva's moves are popular with constituencies that include the poor -- a bedrock of his political base -- as well as the World Bank and the Inter-American Development Bank, big supporters of the model, which are putting up $3 billion in loans for the program.
"There have been so many ups and downs to this season," Coyle said.
HGTV has a similar show that started in March called "Designed to Sell" and already it is one of the top five shows on the network.
If creating and dissecting a human embryo in the lab is a form of speech, then what isn't?
''This is his last record.''
If this attack on innocent children is proven successful by any measure, it will surely invite such attacks everywhere.
He has 211 career victories, the most of any active pitcher who has never been on the team that won the World Series.
The fitness center is open 24 hours, and guests can use yoga equipment free.
In addition to including a village green, meeting house and general store at Four Corners, DTJ Design has mixed architectural styles and price ranges of the homes to attract a diversity of buyers, said Mr. New, who is the company's director of residential architecture.
''I've been through a lot, and it means so much more to have won during an Olympic final and get an Olympic gold medal,'' said Coughlin, who will turn 22 next week.
You know the point I make here is true!)
An article in Business Day on Oct. 29 about a strategic review at Credit Suisse First Boston, which could result in layoffs and the removal of "First Boston" in the name, misstated the given name and title of an executive who left in an earlier reorganization.
He uses a "windshield wiper" motion -- sweeping his right hand from his chest to his side -- to underscore his heartfelt points.
The loss from continuing operations was 7 cents a share, compared with a net loss of $1.43 billion, or $3 a share, a year earlier.
Maybe, though, when an art is at its apogee, there is a tribal look that unites its practitioners, be they romantic ballerinas or gangsta rappers.
"Ever since I was a young boy," he said, "I wanted to be a knight.
This is not what we play for."
One theater here has staged a political satire called ''The Erotic Adventures of Ivan Rybkin in Moscow,'' which used the story to mock the candidate and the support he has received from Boris A. Berezovsky, the self-exiled tycoon.
''The desire to invent is something that can be cultivated but not really imbued,'' said Mr. Satloff, executive managing director of Standard & Poor's Institutional Market Services Group.
''Everywhere along the line, the checks and balances failed,'' said an engineer for one of the contractors, who asked that he not be named because of the ongoing investigation.
They seem to have come into Central Mexico as nomads, hunting and renting themselves out as mercenaries as they went.
"They are a sound defensive team.
Agency officials say airlines will supply the passenger's name, phone number, home address and a new element, date of birth, which the agency will forward to commercial database companies that will respond with a numeric ''score'' that indicates the likelihood that the passenger's identity is legitimate.
For example, Mr. Reiman said, DuPont bought a waterfront site in Carteret about 100 years ago and has let it sit vacant for the last 60 years.
No matter which decisions you make, there will be no one to judge you heroic or villainous.
Some executives say they do not necessarily need to customize e-mail that specifically.
Opposite MTV's studio in Times Square -- a popular daytime destination for the Boys -- Mr. Gjuzaj grabbed a nub of chalk to draw a box on the sidewalk.
It is a pleasant Buffett CD, ideal for summertime listening, the novelty being an overt attestation to his kind of Floridian folk-rock with country music, including duets with several country singers.
ACCORDING to Mr. Budnick, bike messengers have been around for about 100 years.
''The building was kept up,'' Mr. Rivlin said from his home in Brooklyn.
Barefoot and leaning on a camel saddle, he personally spooned out sweets to his guests.
Often, owners avoid seeking landmark status because it tends to reduce a property's value.
He's not going to voluntarily leave, nor should he.
''There is no issue going forward with this,'' General Manager Brian Cashman said.
Shell's British shares have lagged behind those of Exxon Mobil and BP and their predecessor companies in 6 of the last 10 years, according to Bloomberg data.
Several of the people suing the city said that they were still suffering aftereffects.
Declaring that the Federal Communications Commission had been on a ''witch-hunt'' since the Super Bowl half-time incident involving Janet Jackson, Mr. Stern said that his banishment from Clear Channel had nothing to do with decency, but with his broadcast political opposition to President Bush.
Identified here as ''one of the most respected and trusted brand names in the world,'' Ms. Somers readily admits that ''not everyone has the opportunity to sell satin bedding, housewares and jewelry on television.''
And that's why America will embrace her as the next first lady of the United States.
Ms. Borakove said that the improper injection seems to have been inadvertent.
Mr. Perrone's luck changed when he signed up for the online business networking site LinkedIn.com, which connects people through mutual contacts.
A source close to the investigation said an indictment could be unsealed and some of the defendants re-arraigned by later this week.
He lives next door to Sunnyside, the estate of Washington Irving, for whom the award is named.
NATHAN LEE -- When I was watching ''Blowup'' I was thinking that I may never see a film have a comparable impact on my generation.
Such ruthless pruning not only reveals which plants can stand up to a 100-mile-an-hour wind, but suddenly opens up a view long forgotten.
At a Clark campaign stop at Avandi's Restaurant here, Bob Reese, a retired corporate executive who confessed to being undecided, was surrounded in his wooden booth by a chorus of Clark volunteers.
''Usually those kinds of jokes just die in the bar,'' he said.
Clearance by Europe's competition authority would remove one of the biggest legal obstacles to the takeover.
His gruesome casework intrigued Mrs. Lee, who once wrote in a letter, "This has been a lonely and rather terrifying life."
To save space, he invented what he calls a ''besk'' -- a hybrid bed and desk.
Over the past year, the two communities have been establishing a working relationship.
Her happy face appears on handmade paper spiked with tiny scraps of pages from the Manhattan telephone book.
''But if we want to go to the next level, compete with the larger agencies in the Southeast, we need more resources,'' Mr. Erwin said.
''I am not saying that the Secretariat may not have made some mistakes, but I think there are lots of issues, and the group that we put together should be able to clarify.''
Orton plans to return eventually to Iowa and run for Congress.
Even before the festival began, it was feared that protesting French workers would shut it down over a labor dispute.
The dish became the centerpiece of a meal when a friend reported that one day, while making the peas in the traditional manner, he laid a piece of fish on top of it all and allowed it to steam in the vegetables' juices.
Then there was his little problem with names.
''By taking away Len, they took away the person who would have been out there working on the problem,'' Vincent said.
He said Mr. Levy's approach was the best way to speed up land purchases that had been moving at so slow a pace that the county's appraisals were outdated before deals were completed.
His glass was always half full.
He moved back to Rochester in 2000.
Mr. Qosi is charged with smuggling arms and signing the checks for Mr. bin Laden.
That freedom from competition means more profits for the franchisee and higher prices and inferior service for customers.
Justice Souter said the Constitution gave Congress authority to spend federal money and to take ''necessary and proper'' action to assure its correct use.
While AARP has long been associated with moneyed and corporate concerns, the A.R.A., on the other hand, grew out of the A.F.L.-C.I.O.
Resources / Materials: -student journals -pens/pencils -paper -classroom blackboard -copies of the op-ed article “Food Without Fear,” available online at //www.nytimes.com/learning/teachers/featured_articles/20041124wednesday.html (one per student) -resources about organic farms, industrial farms, farming practices, etc.
On Aug. 26 the town board extended the moratorium through November.
On Tuesday, Mr. Bush's aides, while careful not to credit themselves for persuading reporters to jump on the quote, were clearly pleased that it popped up in many articles.
''Socially, I get invited to all the cool parties now,'' Mr. Jackson was saying.
Mr. Geremia said it was a three-step process, with the first consisting of a cleaning paste.
I have a better plan for homeland security.
In St. Louis, Edmonds is not just accepted, but admired.
You're out there looking for something, just like on an expedition, and you've got to find it and figure out what to do.
She had to walk a half-dozen blocks through the dangerous Rock Island switchyards to meet a bus that would take her to Monroe.
His family danced around as a drummer led Dr. Verma into the hotel's ballroom, where a wedding canopy, or mandap, stood.
He proudly served as Master of his Masonic Lodge in NY.
We've done nothing in Venezuela that's different from in any other country.''
"Do you like Riker's Island?"
Mr. Walker got out and walked to the back of the van, urging the dogs to calm down, calm down -- a message that might also have been directed at the people waiting on the sidewalk.
It became a jungle-in-miniature for Alondra Contrears, 7, to hop through as she searched for daffodils to pick and take home.
Tom Moscow, 76, said he and Mr. Renison would talk sports inside the shop while he fixed his watch at no charge.
Accessories, he said, will include bronze castings by Michele Oka Doner and lighting by Stephen McKay.
I'll stick with the Episcopalians, I think.''
Already, more than a dozen states have incorporated the therapy in their mental health systems, as have scores of forensic hospitals, drug treatment centers and prisons in the United States, Australia, Britain and Germany.
Correction Appended Legislative leaders produced budget legislation Wednesday that raises spending next year by 17 percent over the budget adopted a year ago, increasing some taxes and restoring many recent cuts in property tax relief, health care and school aid.
The magic program began five years ago with two courses that Dr. Hass feared would not fill.
The reason for the increased offer, they said, is in part because Cingular could obtain $10 billion to $15 billion in operational savings over several years by merging with AT&T Wireless.
But this dilemma will be there regardless of what we do to Social Security.
Not until you arrive at the ''satellite'' containing your gate, are you subject to a detailed check.
"No," Adu said, flashing a grin and shrugging his shoulders.
''These recent accusations are blatant attempts by the comptroller to add credence to the speaker's efforts to hijack the Empire Zone program from the control of local governments,'' Mr. Gargano said in a statement.
The negotiations involved a certain amount of theatrics, with each side trying to score some political advantage.
King penguins normally increase their weight 50 percent on a three-week trip that precedes the November breeding season.
Shown are Wendy, with pigtails, in green, and Ben, with overalls, in blue.
Mr. Heflin, seeking a 12th term, said the balloting had been marred by irregularities more than sufficient to reverse the result of the election, which was awarded to Hubert Vo, a Houston businessman.
The larger and longer New York festival also has retrospective screenings outside its home borough.
Mrs. Bush stayed inside the theater at intermission.
Just let yourself get swept away by the music.
In 1931 he opened a gallery in the Fuller Building on East 57th Street in Manhattan and kept it going for nearly six decades.
It creates a tease, a flirtation, a hint of mystery.''
There was George W. Norcross, the Democratic leader from South Jersey, in his tennis shorts, just back from a match with the Essex County executive, Joseph DiVincenzo Jr., on Wednesday morning.
Despite the new Wilson curriculum, reading scores were stagnant this year, with only 9 percent of the special ed students in the third to the eighth grades passing the city and state tests.
"This is the single biggest task of the Homeland Security Department, it's a complete failure, and yet this president stands there and pretends to America we're doing all we can," Mr. Kerry said.
The program focuses on foreign business logistics, ethics, global citizenship and supply-chain management.
The House's bill waters down those powers, leaving more power in the hands of the individual spy agencies.
Beyond the endorsements and the hype, James did a couple of things that tell you all you need to know about his roots and basketball perspective, and which make him more than a passing fancy.
His newest products are a down marker than changes on battery power, and a mechanical leg that punts and kicks footballs.
The issue of same-sex marriage, which has come up in the state periodically in recent years, took on a new urgency after the Massachusetts' Supreme Court gave its blessing to the unions.
-- the name of their country in Greek -- and shrieking for foul balls and popouts.
Teachers have also said some Muslim girls have boycotted classes on human reproduction because they are too graphic, and have demanded sexually segregated gym classes.
"That's why I keep coming back."
Dampier is simply a brute force.
Mr. Kerry, for instance, has taken to highlighting his national security credentials, in the belief that this will make him seem more electable than Dr. Dean.
But then the recession hit Boulder County.
(Ages 8 to 12) From the author of ''The Gold- Threaded Dress'' comes a short novel set in Thailand.
Nadler (D) Nay Yea Nay 9.
'' ''Apocalypse Now'' flashes across the mental screen: Robert Duvall watching a helicopter-borne assault in Vietnam, calling in close air support and loving the smell of napalm in the morning.
Loving mother-in-law of Iris, Ruth and Maura Rothstein.
''You have to invest to make money,'' said Mr. Loupessis, standing at a machine that takes $5 bets.
"The domestic sales environment is extremely harsh, but we think there are signs of a recovery," the president of Mitsubishi Motors, Hideyasu Tagaya, told reporters on Monday.
They routinely transferred their compensation into Moffatt Management, one of two companies based in Barbados in which Lord Black had a stake, according to a person briefed on the transactions.
We talked about our love lives, which attracted the attention of our neighbors.
''About the role of the United Nations, Ayatollah Sistani wants it to be one of monitoring or observing,'' said Muhammad Alaaowi al-Shameri, a representative at the cleric's office at Kadhimiya Mosque here and a professor of Islamic philosophy at Mustansiriya University.
Some feminists criticized the book.
An active interior designer and member of the American Society of Interior Designers, she had a distinctive and unerring personal style.
He sank another jumper in the second quarter, bringing his streak to 14 straight shots without a miss, going back to the second half of Saturday's victory in Miami.
During one grueling practice, she wrestled with the team for 90 minutes, working against a bigger woman who dominated her physically.
I tied up my huggy and stealable robe and promised Ms. Dutu I'd seriously think about monthly, if not weekly, facials.
That will mark four straight victories for those we Wilsonian idealists consider the good guys, with two to go next month in Palestine and in Iraq.
''Thailand is in a danger zone, threatened by a new wave of the epidemic, and if Thailand's success turns into failure, the world will lose a guiding light and that will have great implications for the global response to H.I.V.,'' Mr. Björkman said.
Magazine people say most newspaper stories aren't written well enough, or dramatically enough, to engage the reader; newspaper people say magazine writers excel not at storytelling but at embroidery.
The workers were charged with larceny, tampering with public records and falsifying business records.
The products were mass produced, sold at affordable prices and distributed through department stores and other mass outlets.
Mrs. Burnett, the author of ''The Secret Garden'' and other enduring children's classics, lived on a grand estate in Plandome the last 17 years of her life.
Just about the only thing that he and his critics can agree on is that Israel's population has moved rightward in recent years, and all but given up on the peace process.
"If you look at Ortiz and Damon, Mueller and Millar and Mientkiewicz, Manny, Wakefield, Foulke, Schilling, Mirabelli.
For information, Cassidy Funeral Home, Mineola.
After a 34-28 victory over the Chargers on Sunday, the Jets are undefeated, and Coleman, now a starting safety, is a big reason.
Mrs. Bradley is survived by a sister, Lee Rosenthal of New York and Florida.
There are three cabs: regular, with two doors; extended, with rear-hinged, forward-opening rear doors on both sides and two small rear jump seats; and crew, with four conventional front-hinged doors and a full-width split rear seat.
His involved a missed job interview, an eccentric new landlord, several East Village bars and a chin covered with stubble.
Oh the locusts sang such a sweet melody.
''We used to forget that the Arctic was our border,'' Foreign Minister Pierre Pettigrew said in an interview.
Optioned RHP Felix Diaz to Charlotte of the IL.
''Wednesday they have a senior citizen discount,'' he explained.
''We don't know who blinked first,'' said John Welch, chief Latin American economist at WestLB in New York.
"You're talking about a pretty significant potential economic hit to Marsh.
It is an exercise in deception.
He signed with the Yankees before the Alfonso Soriano-for-Alex Rodriguez trade and expected to be a reserve.
The option of designating prisoners captured in Iraq as unlawful combatants ''has not been foreclosed, but this is not under consideration,'' a senior military official said.
It is difficult to determine the impact of any Mets general manager because the team's power structure so often appears split.
"If they're good photos, we'll see," she said.
''It would be very difficult for my family to live in Pakistan,'' he said.
In early September 1944, as the war in Europe entered its sixth year, Nazi Germany seemed about to collapse.
Still, foreign automakers like the Toyota Motor Corporation are far more profitable and are flooding the market with S.U.V.
Benchmark: Uses a variety of news sources to gather information for research topics This lesson plan may be used to address the academic standards listed above.
Fitness, gossip, middle-aged romance, the dating woes of bright young things and anything about Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis: these are standard subjects in the parade of Mother's Day titles.
The bridegroom's mother retired as a public relations consultant in New York, representing home furnishings clients.
WITH: Ricky Gervais (David Brent), Martin Freeman (Tim), Mackenzie Crook (Gareth), Lucy Davis (Dawn), Patrick Baladi (Neil), Elizabeth Berrington (Anne), Ralph Ineson (Finchy), Joel Beckett (Lee), Ewen Macintosh (Keith), Steve Brody (Agent), Sandy Hendrickse (Carol).
This summer, Sir Michael, a leader in the field, is publishing his first book for the general public, in which he pulls together 25 years of research, declaring that status is more important than genetics, supersize fast food or even smoking.
The $2.5 billion to be spent from Iraqi oil funds has several components, the biggest of which is $1 billion to be spent on 15 to 21 military or security projects around the country.
''I'll be earning my spot every day because these guys have put everything they have into it.''
In 1967, the year of the Impossible Dream in Fenway, my friend Jonathan used to sit in a parked car on a hill in Manhattan, listening to Red Sox games on the car radio, the only way he could get reception in those pre-cable, prebroadband days.
Widespread use of the drugs in healthy people would contribute to the emergence of bacteria resistant to antibiotics.
The Italian-born and French-trained Mr. Tacca plays both a traditional accordion and a digital one that can produce unexpected sounds.
The heat was intense, and Mr. Paul wore the club's caddie uniform, a pair of white coveralls, rolled up to his knees.
The stake Lord Black wants to sell to the Barclays is now worth 30 percent of the equity and 73 percent of the vote.
Pretty soon the subject experiences the illusion that the rubber hand is his own.
But "Florida" is not so radically different.
Gerlinde, who is mentally unstable, drifts from one abusive man to the next just to keep a roof over her head.
"We need someone at City Hall who understands that it's not just about dollars and cents," Mr. Miller said.
( Go to Article ) Arts & Leisure An article on Oct. 17 about a series of public service announcements shown on VH1, called "Presidents of the United States" and designed to encourage voting, misidentified the organization responsible for the similar Rock the Vote campaign.
It's all courtesy of the Long Island Traditional Music Association.
Mr. Powell and his counterpart emerged from the meeting saying the talks were positive, although Mr. Ismail, as he has in the past, denied that the situation was as dire as the Americans and others have depicted.
His speech in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania, was originally to have focused on medical liability.
In this world, America is simply irrelevant.
The machine is costing the production $25,000 for the length of the run.
With a short growing season, it's no wonder root vegetables are common.
THE CLAIM -- Beet juice is good for the liver.
I'm a New York City lawyer who will be taking vacation to go down to Florida for the weekend before and up to Election Day to ensure that the improprieties of 2000 are not repeated.
''Arthur Godfrey's Talent Scouts'' was equally popular, becoming the top-ranked show for the 1951-52 TV season.
Built in 1998 on a 70-acre campus along Route 537, it is one of six schools in the eight-municipality Freehold Regional High School District.
Bob can tell you all about that.
Mr. Giuliani has been reluctant to talk much about his future plans.
"This kind of program didn't exist when I was in school, which meant that only the rich kids in the private schools got to study English," said Fabiola Coli, whose daughter is now learning English at the Benjamin Vicuña MacKenna Elementary School here.
All three own theaters on the road and in Europe that need the fresh blood of new musicals.
Winning his first Breeders' Cup races after going 0 for 12, he won the Distaff with Ashado and the Sprint with Speightstown.
''More people are putting in ponds and the newest feature is the 'outdoor living room,' '' with barbecue pits built onto patios that are up to 20 by 30 feet and sometimes with glass walls so they can be seen from inside the house.
In each type of auction, only the right to buy the car is for sale.
Because the unconscious is wisdom that has grown over the millions of years we have been Homo sapiens."
"He was a sweet soul with the courage of a tiger."
As for affairs of the heart, Liss is a bit more circumspect and a lot less smooth.
Each time Nancy Snyder, a gay Christian single mother, drove by, she said, she felt a sense of dislocation.
License fees date from the 1920's, when the British Broadcasting Corporation charged its first customers 50 pence a year for the privilege of owning a radio.
Sure, as in so many period pieces about recent periods, every vintage detail in ''Stealing Sinatra'' looks shipshape, from the Formica table to the toxic lawns to the vibrating bed.
Some winners, like the I.B.M.
All of the children's lists may be found online at nytimes.com/books.
Eventually, doctors told her that the boy had apraxia.
The story of a sad-sack 36-year-old Chicagoan (''a lonely, emotionally impaired human castaway,'' as he calls himself) who is briefly reunited with a father he has never seen before, ''Jimmy Corrigan'' is laid out in wide, delicately colored pages in which the panels are sometimes large and painterly and sometimes resemble circuit diagrams.
Bar Pod Barbakanem, Ulica Mostowa 27/29, near the Old Town, has just nine blue tile tables.
In general, we trust them."
Corporal punishment was a common part of the rehearsal process for the Boys Choir of Harlem, and the choir's founder and director, Walter J. Turnbull, sometimes struck choir members who performed poorly, lawyers for a former student at the choir's academy said yesterday.
"Non-broken-leggers tend to underestimate how much of a drama it is.
9 13 THE KING OF TORTS, by John Grisham.
''Obviously, that's a source of comfort,'' said Dr. Bruce L. Dennis, superintendent of the Bedford Central School District in Westchester, which takes in rolling horse farms in Bedford but also gritty multifamily buildings in Mount Kisco.
In addition, the Surgeon General's office reported that another 5,184 soldiers have been evacuated from the theater for other medical reasons, which could include anything from kidney stones to nervous breakdowns.
And at the end of it all, MGM Mirage could break the deal for $100 million.
The clam bar draws a couple of hundred motorcyclists on weekends.
For the counterinsurgency effort in Iraq and Afghanistan, Guard and Reserve members make up about 40 percent of the American forces, a burden that is expected to push toward 50 percent in future deployments.
She was a student in the drama department at the Juilliard School, the performing arts conservatory at Lincoln Center.
Since his election in 2002 as the first president from the leftist Workers Party, Mr. da Silva has been cultivated by the Bush administration in the hope that he would soften his economic policies and serve as a moderating influence in Latin America, despite his alliance with such leftist leaders as Fidel Castro of Cuba and President Hugo Chávez of Venezuela.
A growing number of states and municipalities have called for the ban to be eased so they can lower drug costs for their employees.
One should do a study about the triggers that generate happiness and humor in listeners.
Angie Kate Datta, the daughter of Mina Datta and Dr. Vijay K. Datta of Kings Park, N.Y., was married yesterday to Suneet Kamath, a son of Dr. Urmila L. Kamath and Dr. M. Laxman Kamath of Sanibel, Fla. Pandit Krishna P. Dixit, a Hindu priest, officiated at the Down Town Association, a social club in New York.
Set on 400 acres, the complex in Burlington is home to more than 500 elderly residents.
You see, um, the payments to Annan's son were part of an "open-ended no-compete contract."
But the apartment desperately needed a renovation.
Julie Beckert, spokeswoman for HCR Manor Care, which owns Liberty, would not discuss Mr. Henry's case, but she denied that Mr. Cullen had been under investigation for stealing drugs.
Her partner in the investigation is John Brennan (Liam Cunningham), a hunky Irish cop somehow attached to the British embassy in Rome.
If their progeny are no longer afforded special treatment, these donations will undoubtedly suffer.
''In the valley, entrepreneurialism comes up out of the soil, so I don't doubt that it will come back,'' Mr. Daly said.
Robert Roseman, a U.S. lawyer representing bondholders included in the new suit, said the filing did not mention a specific amount for the damages sought.
The women in the study who drank the most sugary drinks tended to be less physically active, to consume more calories over all and to smoke more, the researchers found.
''It will be up to Prime Minister Sharon to decide how he proceeds within his party or within his government.''
''The Spanish people deserve a Parliament that works, that investigates and adopts measures against terrorism so things like this never happen again,'' said Álvaro Cuesta, a Socialist deputy in Parliament, after the commission was formed.
An accurate diagnosis is both possible and important, helping families plan for routine and emergency care and allowing Ehlers-Danlos patients to lead informed, more comfortable lives.
The challenger, Yunus Qanooni, was among 15 presidential candidates who have cried foul over the conduct of the election on Saturday, citing in particular the failure of an ink marker system to prevent multiple voting.
"You want freedom of movement for the Palestinians, but you have to make sure that nothing is done that costs Israeli lives."
In fact, he says, it was only by selling the land under the building that he managed to raise enough to afford the $20 million refurbishment of Congress Hall.
Now, he voted for the No Child Left Behind Act, but now wants to weaken the accountability standards.
As its charges became more widespread, the number of visitors dwindled.
There were almost no people on the walk, save an immigrant from Ivory Coast sunning himself on a shoreline boulder.
Even though the protein content of this flour is desirably low, its texture is crunchy enough for country bread.
Understeer, a tendency to resist turning that is common in front-drive cars, is simply not there.
So what is Shanahan now?
Arthur Sulzberger Jr., publisher of The Times, said he was dismayed by Judge Hogan's decision.
Now Playing 'SHARK TALE' With the voices of Will Smith, Robert De Niro, Renée Zellweger, Jack Black and Angelina Jolie.
But New York kept scoring and the fans grew quiet, as if doom already had descended on a town that wants nothing more than to shake The Curse.
Missouri, which also votes on Feb. 3, went up for grabs when Representative Richard A. Gephardt of St. Louis withdrew from the presidential race this week.
In his memoir, ''Howling at the Moon,'' he tells story after story (all much the same) of his drinking, drug use, compulsive horndogging and all-around boorishness; before Sony fired him in 1990, he seems to have succeeded as much by abusing and intimidating colleagues and rivals -- a distinction he seldom recognized -- as by his instinct for what would please middlebrow record buyers of his day.
A selective listing by critics of The Times: New or noteworthy opera, classical music and dance events this weekend in the New York metropolitan region.
In 1984, he also founded From the Pines With Love, which enlisted celebrities like Peter Allen, Melissa Manchester, Dionne Warwick and Leslie Uggams to perform at events to raise money for AIDS research.
Mr. Bush played down negative reviews and appeared relieved and ebullient that the debates were all over.
In August 2002, the state received $30 million.
But Ben Wallace scored on a put-back of a Rasheed Wallace miss, the ball bouncing on the rim four times before falling through, to give the Pistons an 82-78 lead with 31.9 seconds to play.
''Oh, don't ask me that!''
Not for a minute do they suggest the poetic anomie of Hopper's work.
Furthermore, the 1994-95 strike cost both sides dearly, with the clubs losing perhaps $1 billion in revenue and the players millions of dollars in salary.
He's a small guy with short brown hair who could pass for 15.
FOLK FEET: CELEBRATING TRADITIONAL DANCE IN BROOKLYN.
The decision to be what he calls "a man of his time" came early, spurring a wanderlust that brought him to cities of the moment: Helsinki and London in the 1960s, Paris in the 1970s and then New York, which he has called his base since 1983.
This week, ahead of national elections next week, the Conservative Party joined a call by other parties for a 25 percent increase in Canada's fuel economy standards, which now mirror those of the United States.
Mr. Hutchinson's response comes a week after the Bush administration began promoting temporary work permits for illegal immigrants, a stance that might seem at odds with its hard-line practices toward refugees from repression.
'Xerxes' New York City Opera, New York State Theater.
"My dad was a mechanic, but my mom had really great taste," he said.
GREAT AUDITORIUM Ocean Grove summer music series.
''Public Art in the Bronx'' was started in late 2002 and more than 100 works are documented on it so far.
The Trustees and staff of The Museum of Modern Art mourn the loss of our Trustee Edward Larrabee Barnes.
But Brooklyn called to me.
Other guests were aiding the woman's daughter outside by the curb.
The newly detected planet announced itself as a slight dip in the light of the star when the planet passed in front of it every 3.03 days, much as Venus passed in front of the Sun on June 8.
Earnhardt, coming off a victory in Talladega a week ago, got his fourth straight top-10 finish.
"By issuing policies, we can control the growth of Los Cabos.
"No one will ever know you have it unless you show it to them."
If she can never recover the years in which she was barely a mother to her older children but just, at best, ''a visitor,'' she has tried to let go of suffering.
It is fortunate, for example, that a forthcoming vote-in reality show, ''American Candidate,'' in which would-be presidential candidates will battle to be No.
He was rained out of his scheduled start Tuesday against Tampa Bay.
The government has sought to sustain public support for war by encouraging positive coverage of American soldiers while prohibiting photographs of returning caskets.
As a group, however, chip stocks are certainly not cheap.
If you can make 50 cents in the heart of Mexico, for example, or make $5 here in America, $5.15, you're going to come here if you're worth your salt, if you want to put food on the table for your families.
Maurice Carroll, the director of the polling institute, was a little more blunt in assessing New Jersey's role in the process.
"And the answer is there is no easy answer."
It is the puller, working in tandem with the gymnast, who controls how lightly she is able to touch down on the stage floor, or how smoothly she rises to the trapeze suspended in the rafters.
"I've liked him all summer.
Earl Simmons, a rapper and actor known as DMX, was arrested last night in a parking lot at Kennedy International Airport and charged with attempted robbery, a spokeswoman for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey said.
Four are under new managers this season.
But something had to be done, I guess.''
Investment banks have hired politically connected consultants who do not have finance backgrounds to lobby for bond business.
United lets children 12 years and older travel as adults, but US Airways defines children 5 to 14 as ''unaccompanied minors,'' meaning that an adult must check them in with the airline and, at their destination, the airline hands them over to a designated adult, who must show identification.
Net income rose to $58.9 million, or 42 cents a share, from $6.8 million, or 5 cents a share, a year earlier.
This unusually elegant show presents one work each by six artists: Sol LeWitt's white "Incomplete Cube"; Carl Andre's grid of Belgian blue limestones on the floor; three cadmium orange wooden panels with routed horizontal lines by Donald Judd; a fluorescent light piece by Dan Flavin that glows peach and blue; a seductively textured white-on-white painting by Robert Ryman; and Lawrence Weiner's vinyl letters spelling "Rolled into & on the sea" (Johnson).
Urban biker's appropriately abrupt diary: begin tour by checking out familiar landmarks.
Only then is the animal ready to be dressed.
So I started getting stuff together."
Mr. Kerry and his advisers, however, say they have no intention of putting distance between Mr. Kennedy and the campaign, a fact demonstrated by their plans to make a series of joint appearances in the coming week in New England and New York.
The incandescent bulb, which works by heating a thin metal filament so that it emits light, is also inefficient.
No, I'm sorry, it was Clint Eastwood.
Here his cast has doubled: there are nine main characters.
For those who love the outdoors, Kent has plenty to offer.
"Now we know it depends, bog to bog."
The first argument that the governor of New Jersey is too powerful views as harmful the fact that the governor is the only statewide elected state official.
There are some things that we know for sure.
That could mean an unseasoned frontcourt, if the blooming prospect Mike Sweetney overtakes the incumbent Kurt Thomas at power forward.
"The moment an emotion or fact is transformed into a photograph it is no longer a fact but an opinion.
on the Madrid meeting, stated that the Spaniards would continue to analyze the prints but that they ''felt satisfied'' with the F.B.I.
He urged Western governments to ease the pressure on Serbia over the tribunal if they wanted to secure the reform process, which at this point, analysts agree, is in jeopardy.
"He thinks he can breed on the freeway."
He pounded out 38 winners, many on flat-footed gambles because he lacked the energy to extend points.
What are we to make of this?
For instance, phase one of the project, from Bethel to Norwalk, initially called for overhead lines throughout, including a section of Wilton that is home to a nationally recognized historic district.
Those Yankees came together organically, many grown within a teeming farm system at the outset of the 1990's: Bernie Williams, Mariano Rivera, Andy Pettitte, Jorge Posada, Jeter.
The needle on the hate-America meter in Iraq is buried deep in the bright red danger zone.
Black Panther indeed preceded the Falcon.
He had been standing for hours, and added that ''at least if something happens, I'll get to sit down.''
The exhibition, which is bilingual, also includes artifacts, historical photographs, interactive displays and videotaped interviews with laborers and growers.
He said at the time, ''I'm not interested in an exhibit that's just old dresses.''
Shell disputes the notion that the company's overall structure has anything to do with the change in reserve estimates.
Talk was a form of music.
''We plan no change in strategy,'' said Concetta Lanciaux, an adviser to Bernard Arnault, the chairman of LVMH.
GSD&M may have risked the most to reach the final round: hoping to advance in the Kia review, the agency last month withdrew from a review being conducted by another automaker, Subaru of America, even after being named a finalist by Subaru.
As he prepared for the 1980 campaign, he commented on how he had communicated with the public since he left the governorship in this February 5, 1979, letter: I am trying to avoid declaring until as late as I can in the year for a number of reasons.
"If you smile, they think you're making fun of them."
Further, there are three snippy notes on the menu that address the prescribed length of your stay, the 20 percent tip for tables of six or more and the $17 charge for any adult who does not order a main dish.
Commission members who have spent time in the public health world, for example, are well aware that people who participate in sex behind bars do so for a variety of reasons.
Waters waited for Mr. Knoxville and Ms. Blair to join him.
Services on Sunday 11:30AM at "The Riverside", 76th Street and Amsterdam Avenue.
Formerly of Brooklyn, NY, Pawling, NY, and Fort Lee, NJ, on November 3, 2004.
''He was theatrical,'' Ms. Smits said.
Baker cited Thomas's encouragement as a factor in his decision on Thursday night to sign with the Knicks.
The tree was an enormous ash, about 50 years old, that toppled onto four lanes of the state parkway.
But Ben, whose family moved to Vermont last year, said he did not think he could make the national team.
Universal Design Family Workshop, tomorrow from 1 to 3 p.m. at the Japan Society, 333 East 47th Street, Manhattan, (212) 752-3015.
Microsoft, the world's largest software maker, will pay $20 million to Lindows Inc. to settle a dispute over the use of the company's name, which Microsoft said was too similar to its Windows trademark.
He ignored his parents, Archie and Olivia, who had arrived with eight minutes left.
There is no legal reason the commission could not bring such a case, said David M. Becker, a former general counsel of the commission who is now a partner at the law firm of Cleary, Gottlieb, Steen & Hamilton.
Dampier, who had dinner with the Knicks' president of basketball operations, Isiah Thomas, on Wednesday night, is hoping the Knicks can work out a sign-and-trade deal that will allow them to beat the Hawks' offer.
Vegas.com still offers strip club reviews, but Mr. Lefkowitz said he arranges free entry for his new reviewer, Dan Hippler, whose job duties also include data analysis.
Arnold III -- California pol -- then met with political reporters in an adjacent room, articulating his legislative policy and his priority "to fix California," as he put it.
A transit union official said that Mr. Sedita and Mr. Patterson were working an 11 p.m.-to-7 a.m. shift yesterday morning.
But after the World Trade Center attacks, that concern intensified, and this month, residents decided to take their fears public.
It would be privately financed, the administration said, and stand on a traffic island at Broadway and 44th Street, near the long-gone Paramount Theater, where a young Sinatra drew hordes of screaming bobby-soxers in the 1940's.
Mr. Freston said, ''Right now that future seems pretty far off.''
Joe, you have honored me with many years of loving friendship and I will miss you always.
That started with the suspension of basic prisoner protections, because this was a ''new kind of war.''
rolled out another batch of incentives including a no-interest financing program coupled with a $1,000 cash-back offer.
Finally, for reasons I still don't know, I pressed five times to the rhythm of the familiar, if dated, ''shave and a haircut'' melody.
''They were two sisters who came from New Jersey,'' Herman said.
The identities of the wounded were not disclosed, though the police said they were in stable condition last night at Kings County Hospital Center.
So exercise equipment cables continue to fray and the stuffing that has started to show on the weight benches has been covered with duct tape.
He likes the makeup of his team, and he feels as if the Devils can win another Stanley Cup without making a trade -- or two.
(China in 2003 produced about 40 percent more coal than the United States but had at least 130 times more mining fatalities.)
This database does not reflect every signal that fails to operate properly.
Now studying conveniently nearby at Pace University in Pleasantville, he has recently shifted his major to accounting from computer engineering.
It's always to have to say "please" and "may I?"
Which is just one more reason you might not want to entrust your Friday night -- let alone your medical care -- to a doctor like him.
Carmine, 31, and Gino, 35, live with their parents, saying their domestic situations reflect sacrifices made for art.
than Jaromir Jagr, a big kid from what used to be known as Czechoslovakia.
''In every case, these signs were all dismissed, ignored or overlooked by the State Department of Human Services and the State Division of Youth and Family Services,'' he said.
The title is ironic, of course: this particular Washington State home is the place where Angela Toussaint's teenage son, Corey, inexplicably shot himself two years before the novel's chief narrative.
Yet he spent $10.4 million in that period, entering the new year with $3.4 million on hand and $429,000 in debt.
At an event meant to highlight the dangers of electronic voting, a smattering of reporters and voting-rights advocates at the National Press Club last Wednesday watched a film of Baxter, a chimpanzee, poking the "Delete" and "Enter" keys on a computer keyboard.
'' Like Mr. Haeg, at the Art Center College of Design, Ms.
This code encourages construction of housing for people 62 and over with a maximum annual income limit based on federal guidelines.
''The problem with hydrogen is that it isn't just found in the air or lying around,'' Dr. Kravitz said.
When Roger Cedeño was traded to the Cardinals and Chris Widger, a catcher obtained for him, was sent down, Valent became the most improbable addition to the major league roster.
But recent advances in information technology are providing sophisticated ways to measure performance.
Hours: Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Fridays, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Thursdays, 10 a.m. to 7 p.m.; Saturdays, 11 a.m. to 5 p.m.; closed Sundays and Mondays.
He worked at several advertising agencies in New York.
The Justice Department became a cheerleader for skirting decades-old international laws and treaties forbidding the brutal treatment of prisoners taken during wartime.
Two of the nation's most important environmental laws turned 40 the other day: the Wilderness Act and the law establishing the Land and Water Conservation Fund.
Full reviews of recent jazz concerts: nytimes.com/music.
3 27 ANGELS & DEMONS, by Dan Brown.
(Transfixed by the portrait of their mother, her sister Vanessa wrote, "It is almost painful to have her so raised from the dead.")
She had something else, too: sex appeal at 10.
He declined to take questions from reporters.
When Debbie meets friends for drinks in the city, John sometimes stays behind and makes hamburgers for the girls.
In the 1970's, Mr. Shearer and his father founded Shearer Visuals in White Plains and produced industrial photography and animation.
Marathon, based in Houston, planned to build a liquefied natural gas terminal, a power plant and a wastewater treatment operation in the area and had received approval from the federal government's Regulatory Energy Commission.
What if you book losses of more than $3,000?
The Justice Department has withdrawn its lawsuit against a San Diego financial services firm that it said sold questionable tax shelters to thousands of doctors and dentists.
Once Ms. Zhingri confirmed the payment, Mr. Guerra released the Ecuadorean reporter.
11 7 ONE HUNDRED YEARS OF SOLITUDE, by Gabriel García Márquez.
Or to be more down-to-earth, the rocks appeared to be fractured like dried mud.
But they compiled a 3.11 earned run average; the Braves' threesome had a 1.87 E.R.A.
And as property values rose in the Ironbound section of Newark, residents started petition drives against an American Rescue Workers homeless shelter, in existence on Magazine Street since the 1930's, and helped force its closing last month.
But there are no such capabilities in the AccuVote TS touch-screen systems that will be used throughout Maryland and in many other states that have adopted touch screens or other electronic voting devices.
''About 10 years ago, I was on a train to Philadelphia,'' said Kathy O'Connell, a reporter at The Record-Journal in Meriden, Conn. She was traveling in Amtrak's Club Class, where a degree of civility was once expected.
Like many customers at this branch on the avenue just north of the Cross Bronx Expressway, Mr. Roman speaks only Spanish and is a retired horseman with few other places to go.
In it, two sheiks are admiring an M-1 tank somewhere in the Middle East.
Kobe Bryant returned from the injured list and scored 21 points last night, helping the Los Angeles Lakers snap a nine-game road losing streak with a 93-86 victory over the Utah Jazz.
Their tastes are still eerily in sync.
Correction: March 7, 2004, Sunday A picture last Sunday with an article about a federal proposal to let communities limit train noise was published in error.
Related Companies, the developer completing the Time Warner Center at Columbus Circle, recently bought out the Terminal Market's city lease.
Martínez cruised after Ramirez threw Larry Walker out at the plate to quell a potential first-inning uprising; and after Ortiz, slumming at first here in the National League city, nailed Jeff Suppan in the third, as the Cardinals' starter hedged like a Little Leaguer on a bouncer to second, with the infield back and the Red Sox conceding a run.
Mr. Quattrone, 48, who was found guilty in May on obstruction of justice after investigators began looking into his former employer, Credit Suisse First Boston, is the most prominent Wall Street figure to face prison since Michael R. Milken received a 10-year sentence in 1990.
Mayor C. Ray Nagin of New Orleans, a city largely below sea level and extremely vulnerable to hurricanes, urged anyone who could leave to get out as soon as possible.
"They support me politically because they think I do a good job, and I hire them because I think they do a good job," he told The Times.
Add paprika, tarragon and lobster; stir to coat.
''We don't have weather in L.A.,'' he said glumly.
The bride is a daughter of Diane and Howard Weinreich of New York.
The Islanders wanted to slug the puck past Khabibulin but only struck out.
''It has hurt us personally,'' Dr. Mysorekar said, ''and it threatens to hurt the institution.''
IT was a fixer-upper, to put it mildly.
She said she would like to attend Syracuse University, study business, and eventually open her own franchise restaurant.
It's a combination of swinging at bad pitches, then missing good pitches.
Circumstances beyond any president's control determine much of what he does in office.
Any illegal drug that came near a fraction of the deaths caused by cigarettes would cause a national panic and calls for action coast to coast, but real programs to help smokers quit with medical help are almost nonexistent.
So what do we do?
Memorial service to be announced.
Waters greeted a friend, Gino Colbert, an actor and director in the pornographic film business who gave Ms. Blair a videotape of one of his films.
The disagreement is over the desire of Colonel Karuna, as the eastern commander is known, for greater autonomy within the organization.
A spokesman for Schools Chancellor Joel I. Klein said last night in a statement: ''The goal of the agreement was to preserve a unique opportunity for the children of our city to participate in the choir's renowned programs, given the choir's remarkable history and the promise it holds for future generations.
They added a couple of thousand employees in late 2003; in contrast, they cut their work force by almost 20,000 people, or 40 percent, in 2001 and 2002.
We like to think of fraud as stealing by deception, as taking without earning, as the opposite of true commercial virtue.
311, MEDESKI MARTIN AND WOOD, THE ROOTS, PNC Bank Arts Center, exit 116, Garden State Parkway, Holmdel, N.J., (732) 335-0400; Jones Beach Theater, Wantagh, N.Y., (516) 221-1000.
He said that at Rutgers, where he previously taught, there had been ''none of the bad consequences that some have predicted from unionization.''
The Quinnipiac poll showed that Mr. Lieberman had lost support among his Democratic base and among a core group he has historically counted on: independent voters.
Last year, the city comptroller's office found that the city had failed to collect nearly $1.3 million in landing fees from several ferry operators that had increased service across the Hudson to make up for the loss of the PATH lines, knocked out in the trade center attack.
Mr. Ovitz was a witness in the trial of a lawsuit filed by Disney shareholders, who contend its board of directors breached its fiduciary responsibility when Mr. Eisner hired Mr. Ovitz as president in 1995 and then signed off on a severance package valued at $140 million 14 months later.
His 1971 film ''Per Grazia Ricevuta'' (''Between Miracles'') was acclaimed by critics and won the award for best first work at the Cannes Film Festival.
Service will be held at Riverside Memorial on 76th and Amsterdam, on Tuesday, May 4, at 11:45 am.
It is even almost enough to make you forget the overheated amateurishness of the show.
Sunday's American Football Conference championship game is a chess match and a head game rolled into one: the master of the audible opposing a flexible and diverse defense that has held quarterbacks to 11 touchdown passes.
Have you ever seen ''dont'' without an apostrophe, and wondered what the author meant?
But many others favor the proposal.
The tower was tacked on in 1962; Mr. Krings delicately describes it as "conservative modern."
''Fundamentals point to a period of very low inflation, keeping the F.O.M.C.
Mr. Ford's antennas were attuned to the energy of his generation.
For details, see this earlier column: http://www.nytimes.com/2003/09/18/technology/circuits/18POGUE-EMAIL.html
Among them are Minister of Commerce Sayed Mustafa Kazemi, Minster of Agriculture Sayed Hossein Anwari, Minister of Education Ahmad Mushahid and Minister of Public Works Gul Agha Sherzai.
In 1944, he married Gerta Weiniger in New York City.
After Sydney and the rush of appearances, he was divorced and his sponsors drifted away.
''If the guy hits a sac fly, that's a big play,'' Mussina said.
The restaurants went bankrupt within a few years, with Mr. Muhammad owing hundreds of thousands of dollars to banks and tax authorities.
Why else would the parking lot of Costco be clogged with Mercedeses and its aisles dotted with shoppers in furs?
Outdoor dining in good weather at tables set on the broad sidewalk.
Schnabel's important edition of the Beethoven sonatas has often been criticized, because the pages are cluttered with added markings for dynamics, articulation and fingerings (though Schnabel's additions appear in smaller print).
A guide to cultural and recreational goings-on around the state this week.
When the Marines finally entered the old city Tuesday night, they took four tanks, their only heavy armor, and borrowed several Bradleys from the Army.
Not only has the narrator failed to embarrass his rival, but his pettiness and jealousy have been made known to all, including himself.
Her opponent, Representative George Nethercutt, is running a commercial using video of past comments by Ms. Murray regarding Osama bin Laden to suggest she excused the Sept. 11 attacks.
"This is a broken business model," Lites said.
Ryan Drive was less than a mile from her house.
She also cited long-term ramifications.
A13 Two suicide bombers blew up two buses 100 yards apart in Beersheba, Israel, killing at least 16 people, including a 4-year-old, and wounding more than 100 others, many seriously.
''I am enormously grateful for that.''
Up the road in the town of Scotland, the Gov.
Iran favors the plan to transfer authority to the Iraqis as soon as possible and has called for all foreign troops to be put under the United Nations flag.
As President Bush said, the use of performance-enhancing drugs is dangerous and sends the wrong message that there are shortcuts to success and that performance at any price is more important than integrity.
He said Mr. Welyczko was among that group but would not name anyone else.
At various points Mr. Faneuil seemed tired, gazing long and hard at the courtroom ceiling before giving his answer, and several times Mr. Morvillo suggested he had conveniently altered his story or selectively remembered conversations that are central to the case against Ms. Stewart.
Given the potential for that sort of muddled picture -- one that will be made even more daunting for Democrats next year because of the ethical and budgetary messes that occurred on their watch -- it is small wonder that many in the party are looking for a sure-fire savior.
Correction Appended Now that Julia Roberts is 36 and Reese Witherspoon 27, the time has come to begin grooming another blushing ingénue to take a turn as the people's princess, Hollywood-style.
There are very few of them that played in this league that are willing to take a diminished role for the good of the franchise.''
She is the daughter of Haekyung Kim Weir and William N. Weir Jr. of South Dennis, Mass.
If you create a buying frenzy, you will have the property that everybody will hate to lose.''
Today, Japan is just stumbling out of a long malaise, and its dwindling pool of young laborers seem to lack the compulsion to work like hell.
''Now, look, we are in a political season,'' he said.
It's a gem -- Wednesday at 8:30 p.m. on TCM.
I can do a Japan tour with three pairs.
[But on Sunday the police were out in force, keeping opposition groups and government supporters apart to avoid violent confrontations.
RATLIFF JANIS SIEGEL, Birdland, 315 West 44th Street, Clinton, (212) 581-3080.
The Eastern Bloc immigrants who built the larger houses said they needed them for the parents or grown children who lived with them.
Besides the joystick, the new cars also have a dead man's pedal designed to halt the train if the foot is lifted.
In the pantheon of a place like Kips Bay, decorating's Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, where decorators are invited to exhibit in a kind of celebration of their arrival as prominent professionals, Thom Filicia, 34, was a basic nobody five years ago.
Perhaps Olympic dreams have faded along with the international spirit of ''We are all New Yorkers'' that prevailed right after 9/11.
They're not going to follow an American president who says follow me into a mistake.
Margot Carmichael Lester, who averaged three conference calls a day when she was a business consultant for start-up technology companies a few years ago, kept toys on her desk to help her stay awake.
For years, no one would pay him to try.
''It's nice if you can own a Cadillac,'' Mr. Ostop said of the more elaborate design.
Mills, the Phillies' first-base coach from 1997 through 2000, would be the seventh candidate for the managing job.
''It's tough to keep them when they can earn as much in one month there as they can in a year here,'' Sheriff Johnson said.
Developers and brokers are not allowed to answer this question; if they do, they must register the property as a security subject to the regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission.
''We believe terrorism is the national security challenge of our generation,'' they said, ''and now is the time to act, not as Republicans or Democrats, but together, united as Americans.''
Repetition is crucial to "Adult Swim's" success; in fact, two of its most popular shows are reruns.
That afternoon, I was trailing my book's main subject, Lolli, as she bought the month's groceries.
But Dr. Franklin was an excellent crystallographer, and her data, a further improvement on Dr. Wilkins's important X-ray photo, reached Dr. Crick by two routes.
Nearly 20,000 fans made as much noise as they could as the Flyers cut the Lightning's lead to 2-1.
On that basis the appeals court ruled that the sergeant had removed himself from the protections of the Lawrence decision.
At Winterthur, third-quarter profits rose to 362 million Swiss francs, an increase of 143 percent compared with the quarter in 2003.
I split fireplace logs from a spruce felled by a big storm.
''We're still at the point where any kind of military security presence will have to be linked to a political solution, and viable political solutions right now are looking fewer and fewer,'' the senior administration official said.
A former secretary of defense and avid military history buff, Mr. Cheney spent time talking to the crews of the Air Force MH-53 Special Operations helicopters that whisked his traveling party through the Alps.
Before then, making bread was catch as catch can: unbridled, yeast will literally eat itself to death.
A state court recently declared parts of the state's lobbying law unconstitutional because it does not grant proper hearings to those fined for illegal activities.
How much better can it get?
We can be forgiven for thinking that maybe it was just worn out from lighting the way to freedom for 17 million new Americans.
Thali 296 Ethan Allen Highway, Ridgefield (203)894-1080 Very Good Atmosphere -- A large main dining room with upholstered booths and comfortable chairs.
She worked on the last three, and I've only done four.
The Dodgers have started comparing Beltre to another Dominican who took his time to reach stardom.
He had a daily radio show and a weekly television program in Los Angeles.
''When America is mentioned in the media, they mean our publication.
Tow trucks were constantly bringing cars in and out, he said, and transferring them from the lot to a giant warehouse that abuts his business.
He said 890 miles of railway track running south from the capital, Colombo, had been washed away.
But with little to lose in this hokey Hallmark Channel movie, Mr. Embry has a good time in a stock role, monkeying around on an extravagant estate that looks like the set of a reality show but is meant to be a nursing home for the brain-damaged.
INFLATION WATCH -- On Friday comes the monthly inflation gauge based on personal consumption expenditures, a favorite Fed barometer.
''It's not unusual for a small or newly established firm to join together with a larger firm with excellent design experience, where mutual respect is the starting point,'' said Fredric M. Bell, executive director of the New York chapter of the American Institute of Architects.
"That does not mean that one should never use a new drug, but it does make it a risk because major concerns can come up as long as 8 to 10 years down the line."
They said that he comes from an affluent Guyanese family, has a nice home in Jamaica Estates, a neighborhood of stately houses in Queens, and drives a Jaguar.
Aspensnowmass.com, which covers the Aspen Mountain, Snowmass, Aspen Highlands and Buttermilk ski areas, offers live Webcams all winter during daylight hours.
Within days, several airline flights into and out of the United States were canceled as a result of what the government described as detailed threats to those flights.
''Jokes and derisive comments assume New Jersey is unhip, bourgeois, undistinguished, the beginning of fly-over country.''
Right now the six-story museum at 11 West 53rd Street is still very much a construction site, and its restaurants -- arrayed with plastic-protected chairs -- are the domains of hard hats.
Colleen Barney, an estate lawyer in Irvine, Calif., said parents should make a list of who is getting what, then make sure the will refers to it.
He sent the Senate one ideological, activist judicial nominee after another.
Shortly thereafter the couple announced their separation.
''This record trade deficit together with the record budget deficit has caused America to be increasingly dependent on foreign borrowing.''
and described it as an East Coast coup.
If the trial is successful, he said, it will probably take a few more years to make the improved skin substitute available for use.
Mr. Hind was in New York last week to announce that the Royal Institute is collaborating with the Victoria and Albert Museum in London on a major new project.
The building has 45 apartments, its residents said, and 40 school-age children live here.
Sometimes all that mattered was a song's title, as when Kenneth Edmonds, or Babyface, sang "Change the World," actually a love song.
There was a lot of resentment from the owners, a feeling that 'We showed them' by breaking the strike.
CALGARY ROUGHNECKS--Released D Adam Smith.
Mr. Bergin won handily against Mr. Santopietro, who was convicted and sentenced to a federal prison in 1992.
Joe Corbi's, based in Baltimore, is one such enterprise.
Lindie N. Scorsone, president of the Windy Hollow Hunt in Port Jervis, said that the tricky part is ''soothing egos and getting people to work together.''
''The virologists who get nipped,'' he went on, ''are those who run experienced labs and then have a brand new postdoc or worker who comes in and gets into difficulty.''
His pet cause, sustainable development, and his pet foundation, Nurture New York's Nature, will be cornerstones of the curriculum.
"Without that," he said, "I don't know if I could handle it."
In 18th-century Italy, a piece of red coral was often placed in a baby's crib, both as a teething pacifier and to ward off the evil eye.
The men paddled to shore from a U-boat, walked to the Long Island Rail Road station and boarded the train to New York.
The team's principal owner, George Steinbrenner, has long wanted a modern stadium with wider concourses, restaurants, more luxury boxes and club seating that would generate millions more in revenue and increase the value of the team.
Mr. Fareri was able to persuade the town to change the land's zoning to residential from partially commercial in the second half of 2002.
Nobody is going to follow somebody who doesn't believe we can succeed and somebody who says the war where are is a mistake.
Solicitous but not unctuous, he is so relied upon by some luxury-end visitors to New York that they follow him from hotel to hotel as he ascends his professional ladder.
With unwavering dedication to human equality, he argued civil rights cases before the United States Court of Appeals and the United States Supreme Court.
The bond issue would increase taxes for an average homeowner by about $10.50 a year for 20 years.
Peter O'Toole, for example, in a dressing gown and fezlike nightcap, is Nina's eccentric father, rattling around in Doubting Hall, his ancestral pile, and no one has ever played a seedy, forgetful aristo with more charm or authenticity.
Caption information is provided below.
The good fortune came by way of $791 million more in tax revenue for the fiscal year that ends in June than had been anticipated in January -- resulting from a healthier Wall Street, an increase in the property tax and a booming real estate market.
Barely two months before the presidential vote, Missouri's secretary of state has suddenly announced that he will allow military voters from his state -- one of the most pivotal in the election -- to e-mail ballots from combat zones to the Defense Department.
''The Army Corps of Engineers flood control project was authorized many years ago, but obviously it hasn't come to fruition yet, so this is a welcome aside.''
He is the third Australian prime minister to be elected to a fourth term.
But when the first food giveaway caused riots in San Francisco, the plan was abandoned.
He made the comments after a speech in London.
Mr. Questrom, he added, has "agreed to stay on" as long as necessary.
The move, which Congressional officials attributed to competing budget priorities, cuts federal grants to local and state law enforcement agencies in investigating and prosecuting crimes committed with guns.
He had kept his pitches down most of the game, but when Robert Fick flied to deep right leading off the sixth, Gary Sheffield leapt at the warning track for the catch.
Bob Alejo, Giambi's personal trainer, said Giambi was being tested for a parasite called entamoeba histolytica and was also undergoing tests for other diseases.
Ms. Mitchell, a native of Kingston, N.Y., whose twin boys are living with their father in Virginia, said the sudden transfer to a new hospital was especially wrenching.
''Unendliche Liebe,'' the first in a group of five Schreker songs from 1899 that Ms. Hauman sang, was particularly haunting, with its ruminative vocal lines, cushioned by wayward harmonic turns and jolts of dissonance in the piano.
''There are not enough good quarterbacks to go around,'' Jets General Manager Terry Bradway said.
Half of its fire department members are paid professionals, unusual for Long Island, where all-volunteer departments are the rule.
''If I start worrying about what I say, people will pick it up in a minute.
The agreement on Wednesday was approved by the YankeeNets board on Friday, a formality that paved Ratner's path to his jubilant performance hours later at the Brooklyn Academy of Music, where he was joined by a cadre of New York cheerleaders, including Bloomberg and Gov.
Just when they learned a baby was on the way, Mr. Guiley -- also still in the retail clothing field -- got the chance to transfer back to New York at a higher level.
Marsh has also not disclosed the fund's returns or its costs.
"If you want lower oil prices, you need more production relative to demand," Jeroen van der Veer, the chairman of the Royal Dutch/Shell Group, said at the conference.
The police presence was also visibly increased, and agents stood in every aisle, ready to pounce on hecklers.
* ''Q-TIPS, COTTON BALLS, SMOKE AND MIRRORS: THE DRAWINGS OF ED RUSCHA'' AND ''ED RUSCHA AND PHOTOGRAPHY,'' Whitney Museum of American Art, 945 Madison Avenue, at 75th Street, (212) 570-3600, through Sept. 26.
The challenge is to make his internal thought processes apparent."
However that legal battle turns out, the growing effort to force pharmacy benefit managers to make their operations more transparent is a welcome development.
still opposes establishing a stand-alone agency.
But the wolf hasn't gotten in the door yet.
People who want to move out of the city to the suburbs to have more room and a different school equation for their children have continued to flood to Westchester and other suburbs.
Consumers will continue to be protected by laws addressing check disputes, and images have been accepted as proof of payment by the I.R.S.
This, to the French way of seeing things, is inconceivable.
''We think they were trying to clean up their inventory of 2003 models still on the lots before notifying buyers,'' Mr. Harvey said.
"I don't want to be part of his team."
headquarters, came seven years to the week after he took over as director of central intelligence.
If they force me, I'll have to drop out, and never be able to do anything except a job that no one else wants.''
I chose the location because it is only six feet away from a living room window, allowing me to see the tree in all its colorful glory.
Take Stanley Allan Sherman, a 50-something actor and theater-mask maker who lives on West 14th Street.
''After 9/11, people wanted to nest,'' she said.
He gave nine hundred and fifty dollars for me.
''The lot looks like Oklahoma,'' Mr. O'Hara said of the building, which fronts 45 feet on Wooster and 20 feet on Greene, about 6,500 square feet in all.
Dear Nana, we will miss you forever.
No word yet if Bono will recruit his touring buddy from his development road show, Paul H. O'Neill, the former Treasury secretary.
A true believer adheres to a fixed and rigid ideology or faith that allows him to flee from a deep sense of personal failure or defect.
Rotating antennas, a common sight around airports, sweep the radar beam around the horizon to develop a 360-degree view, but the picture is updated only when an antenna completes another full revolution.
British Airways to Conduct Inquiry British Airways said that it would conduct an internal investigation into a labor shortage that caused it to cancel more than 100 flights in the past week.
''When I wore it, this French woman from Le Monde came storming over to me full of outrage and asked me how many times I'd been to Tajikistan.
A. I don't know, but as soon as you pass 30 in Hollywood, you can play mothers of 15-year-olds, which is [expletive] ridiculous.
The film nominally pivots on Ms. Gellar, from television's "Buffy the Vampire Slayer," as Karen, an American social-work student living in Tokyo.
"We wouldn't have been able to be their distributor if we hadn't become this large," Mr. Crump of Stratasys said.
Homex Development, an initial public offering of 10.1 million American depositary shares; each A.D.S.
"Congress is always willing to look at amending, especially in emergency situations, the ability to contract and produce both real goods and services that need to be provided, certainly when in the context of protecting American fighting men and women and getting the Iraqi security forces stood up," she said.
He is Bryan Conroy, not Brian.
The commission's 165 inspectors call themselves ''New York's proudest'' in the way that the Police Department is known as ''New York's finest'' and the Fire Department as ''New York's bravest.''
On Election Day, Daffy Duck, below, will enter the race for the White House when Warner Brothers issues a new DVD, "Looney Tunes -- Golden Collection: Volume 2."
And a mother who is carrying that many fetuses faces threats of hemorrhaging; diabetes; pregnancy-induced high blood pressure that comes with swelling, sudden weight gain, headaches and changes in vision; and cardiovascular complications.
Still, he warned, ''Civil wars happen because people are reckless, because people are selfish, because groups think more of themselves than they do of their country.''
A year later, another Brazilian juice company, Citrosuco Paulista, bought a plant in Lake Wales, Fla.
This is the story of Shayma and Ali, two young Iraqis who recently were married.
The reader will learn not only that Madame de Pompadour (a close personal friend of Louis XV) tried to stimulate her libido with a diet of celery, truffles and vanilla but also that Joseph II of Bavaria (1741-1790) once complained about his queen: ''If I could put the tip of my finger on the tiniest part of her body which was not covered by pimples, I would try to have a child.''
There were no arrests as of yesterday evening.
But over the course of the week as I watched Rick and Mike gracefully attend to everyone's different needs, I realized that figuring out how to make this trip accessible for me was just another expedition challenge -- like getting a team of dog sledders to the North Pole.
In those days, coffee traveled in paper cups and the idea of paying $1 for water -- when I could fill my Boy Scout canteen for free -- would have been more ludicrous a prediction than hover-cars, talking robot maids and other fantasies from "The Jetsons."
That is altogether fitting for rosés, wines with a shimmering beauty that is as fleeting as a summer romance.
And Richard A. Smith, who runs Cendant's real estate division, scoffs at Mr. Diller's plans.
This child did not think to suppose that someone else would pay his way.
Marie Smith-Jones in Alaska, the last speaker of Eyak, is 83 years old.
He is an enthusiastic advocate of free markets who supported an American war on drugs that many Bolivians disliked.
She has held open houses at the Capitol and across the state, parceled out money for education and economic development, resurrected the state's embattled auto emissions program, fired administrators tainted during the Rowland administration and extolled ethics and good government.
He wouldn't have had this movie except for me,''' Mr. Silver said.
The Suffolk police narcotics unit's top priority is ''long-term investigations that involve cocaine, crack and heroin,'' said Detective Sgt.
Mr. Roman, a rookie inspector, had not received a ''special patrolman'' designation from the Police Department, which typically comes a few months after the inspectors finish their training.
Elected officials do not remember their people or keep their promises, people here complained.
Loving grandfather of Jacob, Emily and Sara.
Although American officials denounced the armed rebels and said they should have no role in ruling Haiti, the Americans did not take steps to confront them.
She feared becoming a target at school.
Only 7 percent of Pakistanis said they had a favorable view of Mr. Bush.
This year, they are all advised to leave their NYY caps and 'Bama T-shirts home.
Mr. Feld said the pieces of the car landed 20 feet from each other.
"Why don't they go back to the table, get a dollar and come back?"
PROVENCE EN BOÎTE (718) 759-1515; 8303 Third Avenue (83rd Street) Bay Ridge, Brooklyn; $$; Article: 12/13/00; (R to 86th Street) Jean-Jacques Bernat, who has worked at Eli's Manhattan, specializes in the sweets of Provence, at this pretty little patisserie and cafe.
A Harvard scholar tries to save the Vatican from the machinations of an underground society.
"The weekend is the best."
''It's especially important when you're going two turns, and it's especially important with a horse like him.
''We can dictate any possession we want with Jameer,'' St. Joseph's Coach Phil Martelli said.
"They're beautiful, elegant and goofy at the same time."
The Earthquakes lost, 3-0, to L.D.
The use of sterilized uniforms'' -- uniforms without insignia -- ''is highly suggested and personnel should NOT address each other by true name and rank in the segregation area.''
If "twisty switchbacks" are the only idea behind a shoot, it's not much of an idea, Mr. Moore said.
"These guys have built big, enduring institutional organizations," he said.
Inside the tiny shop, braids of potent French violet garlic lie next to packets of supari pan, a type of chewable Middle Eastern breath freshener.
Although roll-over deaths are often ruled accidental, it is well documented that they occur disproportionately in cases in which parents are high on drugs or alcohol.
Analyze King’s style, then choose an excerpt from a Bush or Kerry speech and perform it as you think King would have.
But his mastery of the genre is his own.
There are parks with forests and tree-lined streets.
Three people tried to buy that painting, which sold to an unidentified bidder for $3.4 million.
King Abdullah II of Jordan helped open a new museum exhibition in Berlin devoted to the art of the Middle East.
Cabinet-level officials, the unit chief wrote, thought the risk of civilian casualties too high.
"Legally Blonde 2" was tweaked after test audiences responded to it negatively, and as a result anything that might have been funny about it to begin with was in danger of being neutered.
football player received a boost when Nick Saban became coach before the 2000 season.
New events will include the Diane Dixon women's 500-yard race, 60-meter sprint and hurdles races for leading college and high school runners and ''fastest kid in New York'' dashes.
''I never admitted to myself about my heart.''
Inside, the Kings have the usual accouterments of an 1890's row house, including some nice cabinetwork in paired dressing rooms, with beveled glass in some of the cabinets.
It was left to small companies to offer optional equipment.
He is a son of Madeleine and David Arnow of Scarsdale, N.Y. His father is the author of "Creating Lively Passover Seders: A Sourcebook of Engaging Tales, Texts and Activities" (Jewish Lights, 2004).
And last night, on the eve of the Masters, another great moment occurred for the 49-year-old Bruce Edwards.
The Associated Press reported that two thousand names have been added to the waiting list for Redskins season tickets in the past 48 hours.
Both Mr. Zubeidah and Mr. Mousa, the city manager, grew up in Mr. Arafat's Fatah movement, the mainstream secular faction that embraced the Oslo peace process and dominates the Palestinian Authority.
Do you use human embryonic stem cells in your research?
''The lineup is playing together, and you hope that brings consistency.
Even as he left, Mr. Davies made an impassioned plea for the BBC's continued independence.
KEVIN BACON and Kyra Sedgwick like to think of themselves as a fairly typical New York couple.
''He still has a little ways to go,'' Manager Joe Torre said.
Jung bundled him into a cab and as they drove down Broadway, cried: ''This is a psychogenic neurosis because you, -- you -- you have the wrong attitude!
Steven F. Reich, the lawyer for the impeachment committee, said because of lawsuits and 13 important witnesses who have asserted their Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination, the committee was narrowing its scope and not addressing some of the most pressing issues swirling around Mr. Rowland.
''It was the same in 1949,'' she recalled.
They changed the Rockefeller drug laws, they didn't reform it.
A decade later the band could show a lot of American rappers and rockers how to turn socially conscious songs into explosive performances.
"We consider these people dangerous because those who go will come back once their mission is accomplished," the intelligence official said.
Higher prices for industrial metals like copper, nickel and aluminum will cause an increase in mine construction, he said.
"We would have had no fans, no coaches, no players, no water boys," Elton Williams, the coach at Ville Platte High, said.
A13 Voting Woes in Afghanistan President Hamid Karzai of Afghanistan said that the national elections planned for June could be held as late as August and that even this goal depended on the success of a major voter registration push to be held in May.
Those who are paying attention know that her approach to helping the economy of upstate New York is dominated by Republican-like tax-credit and loan-guarantee proposals for employers that create jobs -- not proposals to increase old-fashioned government job grants.
State Senator George D. Maziarz, who represents all of Orleans County and part of Monroe and Niagara Counties, said in a letter to Commissioner Erin M. Crotty of the Department of Environmental Conservation that state monitors provide "psychological comfort" to nearby communities.
The trend may be accelerating, said Chuck Davis, the chief executive of Shopzilla, a shopping search engine.
And now please join me in welcoming with great respect President Bush and Senator Kerry.
During a vacation to Scandinavia and Russia two years ago, we spent too much time in Stockholm and Helsinki seeking out Internet cafes so that we could read yet another disheartening e-mail message about our peevish pet.
Ms. Panyasiri usually has two assistants, but does almost all of the stir-frying herself, going through a bucketful of ladles -- her primary tool -- every hour or so.
Higher education is undergoing even more sweeping transformation in China.
More than a year after lawmakers in the House and Senate proposed a constitutional amendment to allow citizens born elsewhere to be president, the Senate Judiciary Committee gave the issue new momentum on Tuesday with a hearing that let proponents argue why the constitutional restriction should be eliminated.
''That's Brian Roberts, who made a deal for the cable assets of AT&T, and people didn't know who he was.''
These digressions don't diminish the achievement of the remainder of the volume, but they make for a faintly disappointing ending to such an initially engaging and vital book.
So on Sunday in Green Bay, the gambling defense will meet the ultimate gambling quarterback.
But the goal here is important enough to be worth pursuing -- with plenty of additional investigation and public input.
Staged as if it were a breezy period sex comedy, the production suffers from the depth-denying bad faith that the play makes a point of condemning.
But her hops on point had both clarity and an appropriate touch of delicacy in the dream scene.
The cable industry has been losing basic cable subscribers as customers jump to rival satellite providers.
(Mr. Keyes accused Hillary Clinton of being a carpetbagger in her 2000 Senate race.)
Vast oil reserves have been discovered in Equatorial Guinea, a country the size of Maryland with about 500,000 people, and it has become the third biggest oil producer in sub-Saharan Africa, after Nigeria and Angola.
These corrections were delayed by an editing lapse.
Mr. Corvo said his staff saw independent documentary filmmakers not as competitors but as different voices for the program.
And she has turned to the private sector to help pay for installing works.
Besides the police officers in the room, it was common knowledge that Mr. Davis, a former police officer, carried a gun.
I have saved a discussion of Emmanuel Todd's ''After the Empire'' for last, not because I deem it least but because it is the view of an outsider, and a highly troubling view at that.
On June 2, the United States will most likely play a Central American team, possibly Honduras, probably on the East Coast, according to a person with knowledge of the schedule.
Both of the plays, which Ms. Nottage wrote at the same time, are about African-American women ''in existential self-crises,'' as the author put it, with a weakness for charming men.
Rosie Flores has situated herself at the junction of Tex-Mex, rockabilly and honky-tonk.
"Her decision to live here was a direct commentary on the relationships she had in that house," he said.
The rechargeable battery on a premature baby's apnea monitor was slowly dying until someone, somehow, found yet another cord.
There was no explaining what had happened.
New Yorkers turned out en masse for Hamilton's funeral, while Burr (rightly or wrongly) was branded an assassin and fled south in anticipation of indictments in New York and New Jersey.
NHK television showed earlier video clips of Ms. Takato leading a singing group at a school for Iraqi street children.
Car sales in Italy rose 0.9 percent in November as companies enticed buyers with discounts and new models.
Benchmarks: Knows how the interrelationships and interdependencies among organisms generate stable ecosystems that fluctuate around a state of rough equilibrium for hundreds or thousands of years; Knows ways in which humans can modify ecosystems and cause irreversible effects Science Standard 16 – Understands the scientific enterprise.
JEFFREY YACKER New York, Jan. 23, 2004
The success of ''Queer Eye'' raises a question of how far television may go with blatant stereotyping that passes as entertainment.
On land, lions, hyenas and grizzly bears have joined the club, allowing the production team to take advantage of wireless video transmitters that do not work underwater; the Crittercam beams the video to a recorder in a truck up to three miles away instead of relying on a tape recording system that would weigh down a quadruped.
''Eventually, it'll make sense at the right price, and under the right conditions'' for a Bell to acquire AT&T, he said.
Mr. Jackson then went to the bathroom, huddled with his family and lawyers, and then stepped into the California sunshine to party with his ecstatic fans.
Ms. Bradford said that demand for ''The Passion'' DVD has far outstripped other films sold by the chain.
Here, the Metropolitan Transportation Authority has actually made an effort to preserve its history.
But all over, there were signs that they welcomed Ms. Stewart into their community, even though she would be behind locked gates.
7) or online, courtesy of CharityWave.com, an Internet donations service, at www.nytimesneediest.charitywave.com.
Because of a production error, a brief passage is omitted on Page 20 of Arts & Leisure today in a transcript of a conversation between film critics of The Times.
"Wherever you give me a job, that's where I'll go."
But Torre also saw positive signs in each bad outing, and he said Vazquez would be able to handle the atmosphere of his first postseason game.
For his part, Mr. Pelletier called the two provinces' legislation "almost antiemployer."
''It says to a kid, take math and science and you'll get a larger Pell grant,'' Mr. Bush said.
"It was a way of keeping the present problem alive, a way of educating each new generation about what the Israelis had done."
I only wish ''Inverted Utopias'' was traveling, but it is not.
He is investigating the prison guards union for mismanagement of prisons.
But Eileen Murphy, a spokeswoman for The Daily News who once worked as a spokeswoman for Chancellor Klein, said that the newspaper had printed names only with parental permission.
He owns a total of 155, and says, "I have an incurable disease."
WHERE -- Marathon, Fla. WHAT -- 3-bedroom house HOW MUCH -- $4.2 million This one-story house is on Tingler Island, a small private island that has a short gated causeway connecting it with Marathon Key, midway between the mainland and Key West.
Some consider it her greatest work.
Mrs. Vining, 30, is a drug and alcohol abuse therapist at the Educational Alliance, a nonprofit social service agency in New York.
Is this money largely from the government tax rolls or from private foundations?
The gift is the largest single donation that anyone in the worlds of philanthropy and fund-raising could recall -- and more than the Salvation Army received from all sources in 2002 -- and it left Commissioner W. Todd Bassett, the Army's national commander, tongue-tied.
But two albums' worth of reissues in the last three months, with more to follow, reveal not only a much broader musician, but also one who finally made sense of himself.
I'm 22 with a G.E.D.
He has been mocking and criticizing Mr. Kerry since February, almost from the minute Mr. Kerry became the front-runner for the Democratic Party nomination.
A failure to invest similarly in Africa's future could mean that Europeans pay a price far higher.
That's why his heroes cherish their illusions: they know anticipation is better than the real thing.
Proceeds will benefit the SoHo Partnership, a program of jobs and education for the homeless.
"I came only for the coat, and I came to own it, too," he said, adding that he had already checked out the size.
Specialist Bahr said he had planned to leave active duty to become a firefighter after his six-year commitment.
meeting in Las Vegas, he observed, as an aside: ''I'd be a lousy politician.
Lenders are trying to develop new approaches and policies for guarding against mold, microscopic organisms that have been known to cause allergic reactions in some people and that can seriously reduce a building's value.
Derek Lam, a hitherto little-known designer, caught the breeze with a cotton sheath, splashed with red carnations.
It would also give more power to the legislators after years of centralized executive power.
"I can understand that they would be suspicious."
One local woman who was adopted found her biological parents by searching on the Internet, Mrs. LeBoeuf said.
There are tests given each year for qualification as physics teachers; in one Northeastern state, between 60 to 70 percent fail.
A few minutes after he unloaded and drove away from the prison, Mr. Radwan was shot in the head and left to die in his truck.
Eight of the first 11.
But I don't think it's patriotic to dress up in a flight suit and prance around on the deck of an aircraft carrier.
And the performers seem similarly torn between conflicting styles.
The idea was not born out of creative restlessness but because certain dresses cry out to be individually fitted.
Hours after they were charged yesterday, the two men were escorted separately out of the 30th Precinct.
Sunhwa understands this and so finally does Hunjoon, who tries and fails to rewrite the past with those photographs he takes.
At first blush, limiting the spread of any religious doctrine that incites violence would seem to be easier in prison, because courts have traditionally given prison administrators great leeway in security matters.
But on balance, many investigators are dismissive of most mobsters' efforts to make their victims disappear.
Botox is approved by the Food and Drug Administration for specific uses, including the treatment of certain frown lines, and the agency considers a drug "safe and effective" only for those applications, a spokeswoman said.
India has already barred its citizens from coming to work in Iraq but has said nothing about the countless Indians already working here as cooks, cleaners and drivers on American military bases.
But Ms. Philips said the library was particularly important for people living on retirement incomes, who use it as a source of entertainment.
But it is sports that have fixed standards and cherished records that present fans with the greatest conundrum.
During an appearance as Sweeney in ''Sweeney Todd'' at Hofstra two years ago, Dr. Rebold did a scene with Emma Rucci of Westbury, whom he had delivered 12 years earlier.
''That is the kind of love that comes from God.''
I couldn't bring myself to pay for these things out of my own pocket.''
Yet the difficulties afflicting crocodile production here show that even in China, industrial policy has its limits.
Place cut-side-down on the baking sheet and roast until completely tender, about 1 hour.
Without elaborating, he said, ''I realize the fact that this affair and my own sexuality, if kept secret, leaves me, and most importantly the governor's office, vulnerable to rumors, false allegations and threats of disclosure.''
''But if he accepts a post from Arafat he will lose completely, because everyone will think his criticism was to gain a job.''
News coverage of Iraq dropped off sharply after the supposed transfer of sovereignty on June 28, but as many American soldiers have died since the transfer as in the original invasion.
China's industrial production and money supply grew at a slightly less brisk pace in May, two indications that officials here may be having some success in moderating growth in an economy that has shown signs of overheating.
Considering that the Insight and Prius were freshly made technological showcases, they seemed to promise that future hybrid vehicles would continue to flaunt their distinctiveness, showing off eye-grabbing exteriors and gadget-filled interiors.
(The stations Fox Entertainment owns are much more lucrative, as is usually the case in the television business, bringing in nearly half a billion dollars in operating income.)
''If Mr. Sam were here,'' Kevin Turner, the youthful president of the Sam's Club warehouse stores, told the audience at the shareholder meeting, ''he'd tell us: As long as we take care of our customers and we take care of our associates, they'll take care of us.''
In 2000, it acquired Associates First Capital, at the time one of the country's largest consumer finance companies.
"The Daily Show" now attracts more 18- to 34-year-old viewers than the network news.
The immediacy of opera surrounded by the audience on three sides, the intimacy of a small theater and the dramatic jolt of opera sung well in English are all distinctive features of the St. Louis experience.
The Musketeers, however, regained the lead at 55-53 with 5:56 to play on a basket by Brandon Cole.
While Allard remained above the fray, Wadhams derisively branded Strickland a ''lawyer-lobbyist.''
Campaign aides said Mr. Bush's bus had three rooms, including a kitchenette, as well as a flat-screen television, black leather sofas and chairs, and the presidential seal displayed on a back wall.
has provided only annual figures, until Friday when Professor Long said she was given data for the first half of fiscal 2004.
How can that be positive?
"We once made it known in the neighborhood that gifts were going to be given out," Father Frank recalled.
"I support the president's plan up to there.
''Living in Wilton Manors,'' she added, ''you have to change.
People his age generally do not want to discuss what happened, or they deflect their discomfort with bluster and black humor, said the former student, now 47 and a businessman, who spoke on condition that he not be identified.
Add onions, and stir occasionally, until they are golden brown, about 10 minutes.
Texas and Oregon are the only states that allow testimony on future dangerousness as a factor in imposing the death penalty.
Defense Minister Shaul Mofaz said the troops would `exact a price` from the militants after a rocket fired by Hamas, which fires most of them, killed Dorit Anisso, a 2-year-old girl, and Yuval Anisso, a 4-year-old boy, children of immigrants from Ethiopia, on the eve of the Jewish holiday of Succoth.
In the last week, it's come unglued a bit, very 'Lord of the Flies.'
Some cellular providers offer almost no coverage anywhere in Pound Ridge.
"You are here to launch a 21st-century green revolution."
Mr. Khodorkovsky stepped down as chief executive of Yukos after his arrest.
The United States unit, the Sumitomo Corporation of America, will be the majority owner of the company, said Jewelle Yamada, a spokeswoman for Sumitomo America.
But producing the unearthly and exotic sounds involves much more than simply playing the piano.
"You can quibble perhaps over what minimally visible is," he said.
''The classic rock stations are eliminating a lot of the 60's stuff -- you don't hear many album cuts from the first seven Rolling Stones albums, or first five Beatles albums, or the first three Who albums, or the Kinks,'' he said, speaking in a slow, measured, almost scholarly tone.
The accusation is explosive because no such link has ever been proved.
His findings increased understanding of the physical, mental, social and economic aspects of aging.
Now, the distrust is so deep and the divisions between the two sides so wide that it appears doubtful there will be a deal any time soon.
You know young quarterbacks will struggle; you're betting on the come.''
''I think it could be bigger and more successful.''
In the second, small sections, like recitatives, arias and duets, mirror the formalistic and artificial structure of the play within the play.
My town has celebrated for the last three years and will continue the tradition.
The recommendations included the formal recognition of political and ''territorial'' rights for Indian peoples, as well as efforts to promote their cultural identity.
Other major oil stocks were also lower.
The crucial factor in the February trend was the drop in the dollar, which has made American exports less expensive and more attractive.
But it is not Adrian Peterson, the University of Oklahoma tailback who has been popping up on magazine covers and atop Heisman Trophy lists.
But at the end of ''Troy,'' the new Wolfgang Petersen movie inspired by ''The Iliad,'' they will learn otherwise.
Fat-bellied, smoke-belching ovens are sprouting in rainy Oregon, icy upstate New York, even a wind-swept lot in the ghost town of Virginia City, Mont.
President Suharto's repression of unions was part of a strategy to promote exports by luring foreign investors with cheap labor.
Over the same period, newspaper advertising revenue fell 12.5 percent at The New York Times Company and 9.1 percent at Knight Ridder, Mr. Appert said.
''They have a clear choice between an America that leads the world with strength and confidence or an America that is uncertain in the face of danger.
A reporter who went to Ocean House last week to survey conditions was escorted from the home by Mr. Weber and one of the home's supervisors, who said they would not allow a visit.
If that happens again this year, analysts say, it may be because of three factors.
The other basket brimmed with fresh ingredients.
At Squaw Valley in California, discounts are offered on season passes bought by Sept. 1.
Were they rethinking their decision to take this walk on the wild side?
In 1987, he graduated, married Adrienne Taub, and got his first nursing job, at St. Barnabas Medical Center in Livingston, N.J. Mr. Cullen was quiet and stubbornly private while he was at St. Barnabas, recalled Jeanne T. Hackett, a chief technician who worked with him on the burn ward there.
Gutai was founded in 1954 when Japan was still recovering from war.
Safe in the 718 area code, in Prospect Heights, Ms. Janowitz is writing in bed, raising Willow, now 9, and nursing an incontinent, blind, brain-damaged nearly hairless Chinese Crested (that's a dog) named Nike, along with four ferrets, whose names are Scamper, Mole, Rat and Weasel.
Karen MacNeil, in ''The Wine Bible,'' explained that the coupe is ''terrible for Champagne.''
Mr. Richmond maintains that the decision is political.
Although bloom time depends on the cultivar, most bulbs flower in 8 to 12 weeks -- in time for a midwinter show.
The group also set up a telephone hot line on which victims and their family members could offer ideas.
The bugs would slowly asphyxiate, flickering rapidly for their last few minutes of life.
WHERE -- Brookings, Ore. WHAT -- 3-bedroom house HOW MUCH -- $495,000 Built in 2002, this 2,100-square-foot house has views of Brookings Harbor and the Pacific Ocean from its living room, master bedroom and a soaking tub.
The explosions have destroyed an agricultural center, a veterans' building and the Red Crescent headquarters.
Mr. Thomas, who bristled at the mention of that lawsuit, has a desire for order and results, according to people who know him.
The list was a reminder to Hmiel not to tangle with the contenders.
The Dow Jones industrial average added 62.24 points, or 0.61 percent, to 10,239.92.
In that broadcast, General Pinochet appeared lucid and defiant, arguing that "everything I did, I would do again."
Through their enthusiastic leadership, they have strengthened our ability to serve those in need, making an indelible impact through their generosity, warmth, and spirit of klal Yisrael.
Hotels are fully booked this month -- many in the Hamra district flying the green flag of Saudi Arabia -- and at night the cafes and streets of the mountain resorts of Aley and Bhamdoun pulsate with Arab music until 3 a.m. "The big change came after 9/11," said Joe Maatouk, the head of BEAR, a real estate development and consulting company.
The Times was not aware of Mr. Brown's arrest record at the time of the Jan. 17 article.
Peggy Diggs stamps dollar bills with conscience-probing one-line questions.
To see the wolves, visitors must attend one of it's the center's programs.
Jeff Tedford found Rodgers thanks to a tip from the father of Trent Dilfer.
The agent did not want to ask Rivera to recap a dreary day.
''I really hate it,'' said Al Lubrano, president of Technical Materials Inc., a Lincoln, R.I., manufacturer of specialty metal parts for computers, telecommunications equipment and other applications.
MARTIN: I never advocated violence!
14 Against Gay Marriage Many Christian conservatives are viewing the issue of gay marriage as an opportunity to revitalize their movement.
The critically acclaimed orchestral soundtrack for Halo by Microsoft sold only 40,000 copies, although the accompaniment to Halo 2 is expected to sell better.
Mr. Koons's work can be read, as Pop Art often is, as a satiric commentary on capitalism, the commodification of art and life, and the erosion of the real by the artificial.
Moving on and off the stage will be Peter Frankl, pianist; Clive Greensmith, cellist; Kikuei Ikeda, violinist; David Krakauer, clarinetist; and Kazuhide Isomura and Jesse Levine, violists.
As he closes in, a man hustles into the truck and drives away.
''Occasionally, access to some areas of the site may be limited.''
The moderator was Bill Ritter of WABC-TV Channel 7.
Jamie Dixon, Pittsburgh's first-year coach, said his players did not seem particularly fatigued.
The show's quiet victory comes from its insistence on carefully mapping out each tier.
Mr. Marcellino said he knows that Mr. Suozzi has been searching for an opponent to run against him, ''but that's not a threat to me because he's always supported my opponents.''
But you would be wrong.
The computers contained Bush-Cheney campaign strategy for Washington and advertising schedules, Mr. Vance said.
We extend to her daughter Joan Levine Levenson and the entire family our heartfelt sympathy.
''It's a little demeaning,'' Mr. Reuland said, ''to suggest that I would write for revenge.
''We believe that we have complied with the guidelines and the reporting requirements,'' R. Clifton Webb, a company spokesman, said.
Marbury is a two-time All-Star playing to disprove the coaches and fans who forgot to put him on the team this year.
But with his position in the polls strong, a decision is now unlikely until July, according to aides, and Mr. Kerry is able to unleash a kennel full of attack dogs, all standing to gain from impressing the man who could be their boss.
He said he works well with others, pays attention to detail and worked as an avionics technician in the Air Force, where punctuality was important.
Mr. Moeller said ''Liquid Stone'' was part of a loosely knit series at the National Building Museum on construction materials.
I saw people dancing on the street, the shops.
The narrow lanes, bungalow architecture and boat paraphernalia hark back to an era when this part of the Bronx was an oasis for warm-weather sybarites.
Mr. Guzman called the shaking an accident.
The guns were found in his rental car.
But suffering from both depression and gout, Charles didn't feel up to the arduous climb.
''Vazquez is that kind of pitcher.
Lee, who formerly worked at the Samsung Electronics Company, to head the research center.
Because of conflicting schedules, she says, family dinners don't happen, but around 9:30 Monday through Thursday nights, the four of them gather for what they loosely define as "Torah study.")
This watershed event is discussed at considerable length in Lou Sahadi's workmanlike "Johnny Unitas: America's Quarterback."
A place of pride in one cabinet is reserved for a shallow porcelain bowl with a geometric floral motif, the dish traditionally given by a mother to her daughter as a wedding gift.
He added that he achieved what he set out to, only "in a twisted sense."
He was 1 yard short of his career high for rushing.
That kind of anti-Americanism is now widespread around the globe, and it will be one of President Bush's most important legacies.
Time Warner Inc. mourns the passing of the beloved mother of our Chairman and CEO, Richard D. Parsons.
Three men in uniform found her one afternoon as she was gathering firewood on the edge of town.
The value of being around professionals is that you get to see not just how they work but also how they behave.
At March's annual meeting, 45 percent of Disney's shareholder votes were withheld from Mr. Eisner in his election to the board.
She has been the pawn in Nixon's plan, devised largely by Rose (Molly Hickok), his secretary.
White dropped back, shuffled his feet as he surveyed the field and then fired a bullet to the middle of the end zone, where Mark Clayton appeared to be streaking to an opening.
''Why he had a gun with him in this case is hard to imagine.''
Unlike most of the public spaces, the buildings that house the parliament's committee rooms and meeting areas went through endless revisions after the project had already broken ground.
Colon and Kelvim Escobar have joined a rotation that included Jarrod Washburn and John Lackey, stars of the 2002 World Series.
Getting off the plane in California, I go through three months' worth of correspondence and hardly notice that this letter is praising me to the skies while that one is condemning me to perdition.
The families have spent months pressing for Ms. Rice's public testimony; when the White House failed to send her to last week's hearings, they walked out in silent protest.
Spirit 530 West 27th Street; (212) 268-9477.
In a season of musical klutzburgers, this friendly, flavor-free musical -- based on ''Swing Time,'' the 1936 Astaire-Rogers movie -- stands out as an inoffensive, gracefully danced and pleasantly sung diversion, a quieter answer to the revival of ''42nd Street.''
"That is why I like going."
They formed Leader Car Racing and were known as the Flying W's.
Foundation dinner at the Pierre was attended by 400 guests and raised $750,000 for a children's health initiative at the N.Y.U.
He has saved more than 1,000.
While its premise takes the longest leap away from the original source, its allusion to recent news articles resonates.
He didn't say that to me, but if he were to say that, I'd listen to him.
It also improved markedly against the British pound, which settled at $1.8399, compared with $1.8674 on Monday.
He said that Mr. Kerry had not experienced the kind of examination he had, and that the party might suffer for nominating him.
Mr. Bellantoni said he was ready to give up.
7 pick and took Williams.
John Harvard's Brew House in Manchester (860-644-2739), one of 10 in the Northeast, is situated along a car-clogged road by the Buckland Hills mall in a former Sizzler.
Because of the new Israeli underpasses and the mayor's efforts at job creation to grapple with what he calls "this eccentric case," things are improving a bit in Qalqilya.
CBS News and ''60 Minutes'' want to break the news available in hot political books, and Simon & Schuster wants to promote sales by first exposing books and authors to the biggest and most book-oriented audience the company could find.
Presented by Opera Verdi Europa.
Williams, who has a strained groin muscle, did not practice either.
Herbert Blomstedt, who became the orchestra's 18th director in 1998, is an insightful musician whose appproach should suit the all-Brahms programs he is leading on his current American tour with the orchestra.
Other paintings look back on the artist's childhood in the 1950's, but in them he appears as a child-size version of his present self -- bald on top with long, stringy gray hair -- or as a 12-year-old girl named Sally.
These are the cold, hard questions that linger when the longtime security blanket fails to cover for everyone else's mistakes.
Kansas City and the state spent some $2 billion, building new facilities and adding teachers -- to the point where the student-teacher ratio was 13-to-1.
Spy's Claim Accepting an appeal by the Central Intelligence Agency, the court agreed to decide whether federal courts can consider a claim that the agency has wrongfully refused to keep a promise to provide a foreign agent with lifetime financial support in return for espionage services.
The bomb went off at an Iraq Army recruiting base in the city's heavily fortified Muthanna airport, where United States troops are also based.]
Police are investigating a possible link among the crimes.
Gérard Latortue, a Florida resident who was chosen as Haiti's interim prime minister by an American-backed council of prominent Haitians in March, recently described how he begged Secretary of State Colin L. Powell not to withdraw the Marines all at once.
Poitier is more dangerous (and studly) in ''Blackboard Jungle'' (1955).
Mr. Schwab also questioned the role of hedge funds.
Ms. Sánchez admitted that in exchange for $3,800 she arranged for the transport of two of the immigrants, one of whom died, from Mexico to the United States.
''I don't see governing boards at schools or advisory boards putting pressure on deans to teach more business ethics,'' he said.
From here it is a relatively easy 90-minute walk to the Gnifetti refuge, which, like the peak we will be headed to the next day, is named after a priest from Alagna.
We met at a Hardee's just off the turnpike.
Asked if she was ready to stand up to the most influential men in the capital as they fight to protect their turf, the senator, pumping her fist like an athlete who had just scored a goal, exclaimed, ''You bet!''
But the play was created by the so-called ''second assist,'' which went to Lecavalier, who set the whole thing up with one of his dazzling moves.
For a few seconds, the dying cell screams "Been here before!"
Sunday, 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. "TASTE OF CHINATOWN," outdoor samplings of food from area restaurants on Baxter, Bayard, Elizabeth, Mott and Mulberry Streets.
Both are critical steps in the development of nuclear arms.
Caviar prices are already climbing and may rise as much as 25 percent before the end of the year.
She was the crazy one -- not the party-crazy one, just the crazy one.
Kerry, a Catholic, was asked for his reaction to reports in The New York Times that some Catholic bishops are telling their church members that it would be a sin to vote for a candidate like Kerry who supports abortion rights.
There is, however, an alternative scenario: Mr. Codey, increasingly confident and comfortable in his role as chief executive after three decades in the Legislature, will decide that he does not like the idea of being brushed aside by some rich guy from Illinois with all of four years' experience in politics -- and he will throw his hat into the ring alongside Mr. Corzine's.
Erin and Karen prepared another fine meal, and this time we were allowed one fork and plate a person.
How many people ride the New York subway each day?
The news about Independence illustrates its bleak financial outlook and the tough choices it faces if it wants to stay in business.
Mr. Lewis said he expected a ''surge in speculative activity'' in crude oil trading, which could lead ultimately to wider swings in oil prices.
Analysts say Samsung and Fuji Xerox are strong in office laser printers, while Kodak has some intriguing digital photo printing technology.
If we agree with Senator John McCain that the bill "is the worst example of the influence of special-interest groups I have ever seen" (Business Day, Oct. 12), we need to demand that our representatives act to stop special interests from corrupting our democracy.
Mr. Montes Brito said the Salvadoran community had worked hard to satisfy the basic necessities and was ready to assert itself.
Letting In the Sunshine JUNE 3 -- Freedom Bremner, the Jay Sweeney Blues Experience and others will perform at a benefit concert at ABC Television Studios in Times Square, 1500 Broadway (44th Street), to raise money for Project Sunshine, which aids hospitalized children.
Gary Schatsky, a Manhattan financial planner, said it is possible for an individual or couple to give a home to charity and still remain in the home for as long as they live.
Just visit Amazon's discussion boards if you don't believe it.
He will succeed Bishop Frank J. Rodimer, 77, who submitted his retirement papers to the Vatican in 2002.
Ed served on the Board of the Lymphoma Foundation with a powerful desire to contriubute to cancer research and the related research of neurofibromatosis that could and would save many lives.
In the end, Ms. Lumley said, she realized the role required as much concentration as a speaking part.
North is said to sell food aid North Korea has been selling on its domestic market international food aid aimed at helping to ease food shortages in the impoverished country, South Korea's Unification Ministry said in Seoul on Friday, according to Reuters.
And what he called Nkosi's "mystic good cheer" lured him into breaking the first rule of journalism.
* Dana Micucci is a freelance journalist based in New York.
At the Snowshoe Mountain ski resort, near the Virginia border, neighbors feared that an influx of tourists would threaten their relaxed way of life when the ski giant Intrawest bought the mountain in 1995.
Minaya said he would have dinner in New York this week with Matsui and Manager Willie Randolph, who continues to reach out to his players.
(What toddler hasn't said something like ''doobah'' or ''bebop''?)
He is not expected to be charged with a crime.
The George H. W. Bush library, in College Station, Tex., costs over $3 million a year to operate.
I don't want to give the impression that monitors are the only lizards of note.
"It's very simple," Mr. Lavagna said.
He said the bomber apparently ''saw the police presence and fled, leaving the bag by the side of the road,'' Superintendent Kleiman said in an interview on Wednesday night.
The corporate spokesmen refer to accidents as ''mistakes'' and cite rogue employees in cases where evidence was destroyed.
How hard was it for the writers to go home to the shtetl they left 40 years ago?
Even boos and gasps of disapproval would surely be welcome to Mr. Robbins, the show's writer and director, and his industrious performers.
''Most doctors think they do a good job of communicating,'' Dr. Kravitz said.
Mr. Ames, who had been serving as a consultant to Warner Music, will become an adviser to Time Warner.
But he turned out to be a darling of the musicians, who have become an increasingly forceful constituency within the Philharmonic.
Reviewed by The Times June 6, 2004.
Watching this woman discover and then lose love, her eyes crinkling as delicately as tissue paper, do you at last feel the human touch.
But a United States General Accounting Office review last June questioned that analysis, and the United Nations, whose teams were there, said the extent of destruction was never determined.
Tickets: day of show, $23; advance, $19 to $56.
A private institution, and hence unlike most Washington museums, the Phillips does not offer entry gratis.
Salem Saad bin Suweid, 41, a Libyan convicted of shooting Mr. Foley, and Yasir Friehat, a Jordanian, 29, convicted for driving the getaway car, were the two men present in court who were sentenced to death.
* denotes a highly recommended show.
You probably know the location better as Rockefeller Plaza.
Hours: Sundays and Tuesdays through Thursdays, 9:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m.; Fridays and Saturdays to 9 p.m.
The cause was congestive heart failure, said his daughter Catherine Jean Hinton.
In response to the discrepancies, Newsday placed its vice president for circulation on administrative leave.
Instead, Saint Mary's (2-1) advanced with victories over Belmont and an upset of California.
Drug researchers are conducting small, fast, relatively inexpensive tests on people to get a quick gauge of a drug's promise before committing to full-scale clinical trials that may involve hundreds of patients, millions of dollars and many years of study.
Mike Cameron hit a two-run homer to center field in the sixth.
In Game 1 of their division series, the Cardinals hit five home runs in a rout of the Los Angeles Dodgers, and each one was rewarded with a curtain call.
At 8, she started swimming in her hometown of Casper, Wyo., where she set many state records.
I wouldn't have to censor myself because my own prose wasn't up to the mark.
The bride's father was a partner in Revis & McGrath, a former New York law firm.
He "deserved" to be 19-29.
Far-right ministers who hoped Sharon was bluffing or who thought they could restrain him were realizing he would not be stopped, and they were starting to bolt.
Liberal Saudis have accused the country's religious establishment of laying the groundwork for a long siege with the extremists by inspiring countless frustrated youths to take up arms for jihad abroad.
WACHOVIA CORP., Charlotte, N.C., the banking company, has arranged a $500 million refinancing for Energy Transfer Partners L.P., Dallas, an owner of natural gas pipelines, according to bankers.
"It is a conversation that Americans need to have," Ms. Hamerick said.
The Italian government has already budgeted 750 million euros to cover its portion, but the airline must also find private investors willing to match it.
And at least three kinds of bodily fluids are spilled.
With hulls more than a foot thick, the battleships were built to ''keep floating and keep fighting.''
All this demonstrates some of the problems members of legislative bodies have trying to balance their constituents' sentiments, and their own principles, with the will of the leadership.
Mr. Campbell churned them out from a new factory in Paterson, N.J., and deposited bags of slugs at self-storage places around Brooklyn.
While negotiating these loans Ms. Evans and Ms. Tarapor visited 35 countries.
''The Americans say we are working together,'' said one police colonel who asked not to be identified.
He began his pro career with CHZ Litvinov in the Czech League in 1969.
"This year, because this is such an important election, the scale is completely different for the whole labor movement.
A funeral service will be held at the Washington National Cathedral on Saturday, October 23 at 11:00 AM.
drug safety reviewer who co-authored a study critical of Vioxx and then complained in e-mail messages that his supervisors denigrated his conclusions.
With outward humility and inner assurance, Ms. Jones has found a cozy niche that has turned out to be hugely popular.
Toshiba said that Hynix infringed seven of its patents in the United States and three in Japan.
It had belonged to his beloved golden retriever, Tugboat, who died of cancer in July during the Tour de France.
And the rural terrain -- irrigation-soaked roads that are either too narrow for armored vehicles or too weak to support their weight -- partly negate the Americans' vast technological advantage.
Another panel, with posters for shows including "Hair," "Oh!
In it, a good number of younger artists will salute those who came before them.
In a place where racial matters still provoke strong emotions, it was no small thing that Mr. Dixon, who is black, was being reared by a white family.
Judge Clifford Nakea of the Kauai Circuit Court officiated at the Hyatt Regency Resort & Spa.
The complaint says, ''Mark Mangelsdorf and/or Melinda Harmon aka Melinda Raisch struck David Harmon numerous times in the head with a blunt instrument, killing him.
You sit atop an urban canyon, as the sheer cliffs of Midtown drop off into the park.
A9 Peaceful Protest in Israel Tens of thousands of Israelis held hands to form a human chain that stretched 56 miles, from the Gaza Strip to the Western Wall in Jerusalem, as a protest against Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's plan to dismantle Jewish settlements and to withdraw forces from the Gaza Strip.
The garret was well-stocked with able singers on Friday night as "La Bohème" returned to the Met for the first time this season.
Easley's throw pulled Florida first baseman Heep Seop Choi off the bag, and Phillips scored.
The acting Essex County prosecutor, Paula T. Dow, said in a short statement that was sent by e-mail to the news media that there was "no basis to proceed" in the case.
The victory has also been attributed to the growing number of Democrats in town, the qualifications of the two winning candidates, the hard work of the candidates' campaign organizations and voters' desire for change -- not to mention the suggestion that one component of the vote was simply a protest against ever-rising taxes that somehow managed to make history in this small village that borders on the north Bronx.
No offense, but where's the beef?
Boys, the assumption goes, can take care of themselves.
Part of the excitement of attending the premiere of Kaija Saariaho's mesmerizing and musically compelling "Amour de Loin" at the Salzburg Festival in 2000 and the premiere of Thomas Adès's brash and audacious adaptation of Shakespeare's "Tempest" this year came from being among listeners who sensed that we were attending the birth of formidable and authentic new works.
Ignoring issues and law-breaking because they are too politically sensitive -- or, worse, silencing those who seek the rule of law -- too often ends with dire consequences.
Though We've Sure Been Taken for a Ride Boldface's literary standards, as you know, are exacting: We'll go to a book party for anything if it's in a great place.
Although New York has roughly 550,000 such families, it still ranks only 29th out of 50 states when the families are measured as a percentage of total population.
His mother scrubs him at bath time, even in his teens.
And just how did the measurement of a quarterback's performance yield a figure as unmajestic as if the White House were at 1622 Pennsylvania Avenue?
Richard Avedon was born in New York City on May 15, 1923.
"For sale" signs are popping up all over the neighborhood, and developers waiting for the sewer system to bring a rise in property values have staked their claim to large tracts of land.
''The phone rings and you hear so-and-so died.
Toss with fingertips to evenly disperse; set aside.
When paying a utility or other company directly, customers can log on to its Web site and authorize a credit card or debit payment.
That confidence to tease progress out of history explains a lot about Boston.
Because of these technical factors, rates could fall further for a while and go much lower than expected.
Admission: $5; students and 62+, $2.50 (Johnson).
Neither Albert nor Beth is guilty of attempting to sell cocaine.
The type size seems smaller, and the headlines seem smaller and less bold, making it harder to skim in order to decide what you want to read.
The United States accepted the idea, and State Department officials say they now expect it to occur in late November in Cairo.
"I was kind of amazed how the word-of-mouth spread about the film," he said.
"She travels around the country, so she's reaching out to more audiences and exposing them to NASA programs than if she made an object like a painting."
The Florida trip is a murky area for both Mrs. and Mr. Rowland.
Salesforce.com's shares will trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol CRM.
Admission: $12; students and 65+, $7 (Glueck).
Based on an interview with another employee in the Secret Service lab, Mr. Stewart "did not participate at all in the August 2002 analysis of the work sheet," a federal agent concluded.
Both men looked embarrassed; clearly they knew better.
Joel E. Miller, a tax lawyer in Queens, said that the gain on the sale is the difference between the adjusted sale price (the price less expenses of the sale itself) and what is called the adjusted basis.
Tony Clark then belted Derek Lowe's second pitch to him into the bleachers in center field.
The appeal of Dirty Found is hard to define.
"Now he has a different understanding of the family," Ms. Patrick said.
Just before 7 p.m., he climbed on a couch and tumbled out the window and down into an alleyway, the police said.
The Reagans' advocacy of more research that may lead to the prevention of Alzheimer's or its cure is laudable, although treatment breakthroughs may still be far in the future.
Some experts would be influenced by the intermediate heart cards, passing if those were lacking.
If 100 children and teenagers are given antidepressants, 2 or 3 will become suicidal who otherwise would not have had they been given placebos, agency officials said.
Correction: April 30, 2004, Friday Because of an editing error, an article on Tuesday about Harvard's review of its undergraduate curriculum misspelled the name of a university in Beijing where students might be encouraged to spend a semester under a proposal to expand foreign study.
The possibility of another postseason confrontation with the Yankees is a main reason they fired their manager, traded their superstar shortstop and opened their coffers last November to add an elite pitcher.
Writers (and newspapers) who are often wrong may soon lose their reputations.
And any time there's the sense of a threat, bad things happen."
The show is ''Deadwood,'' the gritty, foul-mouthed Western.
Ms. Vaughn estimates that she has sold 25,000 units over all, and she has hired a sales representative.
According to proposals by the Transportation Security Administration, the administration will assign all passengers at American airports a ''threat index score,'' based on their perceived trustworthiness.
He also proposed using the $25 million in royalties that the A.F.L.-C.I.O.
"I left for the good of the company," he said.
But certain Kitty Kelley conventions pop up, like a fixation on women's weight problems and a willingness to attribute withering comments to unnamed sources.
Mr. Herbits said he was speaking on their behalf.
Everything in the end is about money.
''The question is: Can Stephon lead men?
Her father retired as a furniture salesman at the Macy's store in Flushing, Queens.
The dorm's promotional materials remind them to bring shampoo and conditioner, contact lens solution, dental floss, decongestants and Pepto-Bismol.
''Some of the proposals were politically impossible,'' said the City Hall official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity.
The one thing I'm going to ask everyone to do is in some way make sure George Bush doesn't get re-elected president of the United States.''
Finally, Saudi Aramco's inability to get oil to refiners on a timely basis has undermined its control over global prices.
''Will funding this initiative rather than other programs move science forward or hold it back?''
In 1989, pumped up, perhaps, by the success of "The Bonfire of the Vanities," which sold in the millions, he began throwing bricks around in his own bailiwick, the community of fiction writers.
Manhattan CHELSEA $225,000 350 West 14th Street 500-sq.-ft. studio condo in a postwar building; elevator, renovated kitchen with upgraded appliances, separate sleeping alcove, oversize windows, hardwood floors, north exposure; common charge $236; taxes $2,853; listed at $225,000, 1 year on market (broker: Buchbinder & Warren) MURRAY HILL $749,000 201 East 28th Street (Chesapeake House) 2-bedroom, 2-bath, 1,400-sq.-ft. co-op in a postwar building; 24-hr.
It was self-interest that kept me here.
Mr. Bush's first choice for the position, Anthony F. Raimondo, the chief executive of the Behlen Manufacturing Company of Columbus, Neb., was forced to withdraw from consideration after it became known that he had laid off 75 of his own workers in 2002 while announcing that he was building a plant in China.
''I'm not thinking about winning just yet,'' he said.
The goal is to make downtown look old, not to reproduce it accurately.
''We have an opportunity in my state to do something to end the obstruction, to end the blocks, to end the delays and the impediments and to really keep this country moving forward,'' he told the Austin breakfast crowd.
Mr. bin al-Shibh, who is believed to have played a central role in the plot, said Mr. Motassadeq was a regular visitor to Mr. Atta's apartment in Hamburg, where he and others ''studied jihad'' and ''engaged in vitriolic anti-American discussions.''
GREEN -- A lot of people, particularly certain kinds of directors, feel that a text is a mere suggestion.
I thought indignantly, wondering how best to alert the authorities.
But others present a different picture.
Sirius has about 600,000 subscribers who pay $12.95 a month; XM has about 2.5 million listeners who pay $9.95 a month.
''I really became a carpet salesman,'' she said.
When he rapped, ''People be talking, I feed dolphins/My defense'll fly the coop off your mean office,'' he sounded somehow helpless, held prisoner by the pleasures of language.
Splashy white-collar trials were also held in the late 1980's -- including those of Ivan F. Boesky and Michael Milken.
For now, the United States coaches were happy with the present.
The panel suggested that among many facets to be explored at the center, there should be a ''factual presentation of what is known of the terrorists, including their methods and means of preparation.''
Each had multiple shots from the same gun, the police said.
While some Guantánamo intelligence has aided terrorism investigations, none of of it has enabled intelligence or law-enforcement services to foil imminent attacks, the officials said.
IN the summer, reading habits also take vacations.
It was the latest chapter, but hardly the finale, for a woman who created a multimillion-dollar empire by marketing her own cooking, entertaining and decorating visions.
''These trucks are dangerous,'' he said.
That would mean letting South Florida's waters flow in the traditional route -- from Lake Okeechobee through the Everglades Agricultural Area and Everglades National Park, and into Florida Bay just above the Keys.
''The efficiency is mainly in the speed of the die changes and the elimination of job classifications,'' said Joe Leep, who manages cab assembly.
Hilton Hotels and Shimizu, a Japanese construction company, are among the companies that disclosed interest during the 1990's in the potential for lunar tourism.
I was wiser with his brother, who spent his first Halloween in his Superman pajamas.
All this change has wrought a budding cultural scene, but the main attraction remains the natural setting.
"It was the classic backyard barbecue.
She also ventures onto the street and atop cars -- antics that patrons inside can see through the restaurant's wall-to-ceiling windows facing the avenue.
At the end of the 19th century, the American astronomer Percival Lowell detected what he was certain were ''canals'' on Mars that reflected an advanced industrial society.
All times are Eastern Daylight Tonight's Theme A Safer World, a More Hopeful America Speakers 7:45 p.m. to 11:15 p.m. Lynn Swann, N.F.L.
The Scarecrow's recitation in "The Wizard of Oz" of something resembling the Pythagorean theorem, for example, was proof of his new brain.
The new store's 10,000-square-foot showroom is set up like two lofts, furnished with 24- to 39-year-olds in mind.
Christopher J. Lahoda Princeton, N.J., March 21 The writer is president of GrowthQuest Management Training.
Beloved husband of the late Florence and the late Paula.
"We wanted to convey a process that is both incendiary and fragile," Mr. Rockwell said.
That's the ranch I eventually bought, and thinking about buying it was a little distraction when I was in Pensacola.''
She researched the painting, reading Washington's letters, history books and anything she could find about the artist.
Hafner Shoots for Spring Indians designated hitter Travis Hafner had surgery on his right elbow yesterday and was expected to be ready for spring training.
They are served cafeteria style, and cost $7, including a helping of rice and beans.
A group of F-15's will streak above Constitution Avenue in the missing-man formation, as the family wanted.
The book is filled with informational tidbits (the word "exuberance," we are told, is derived from the Latin ex, "out of," and uberare, "to be fruitful, to be abundant") and quotes from the usual Humanities 101 list of Deep Thinkers, like Keats, Emerson, Gerard Manley Hopkins, William James and Walt Whitman.
Benchmarks: Uses descriptive language that clarifies and enhances ideas; Uses a variety of techniques to provide supporting detail; Organizes ideas to achieve cohesion in writing; Uses a variety of techniques to convey a personal style and voice Language Arts Standard 4- Gathers and uses information for research purposes.
The leader of Zimbabwe's political opposition, Morgan Tsvangirai, met with President Thabo Mbeki in Pretoria.
He masters every area he writes about without even doing much research, one suspects.
The family will sit shiva Monday and Tuesday.
Them what knows him understand this wasn't a question.
If Mr. Bush wants us to re-elect him, he must show us that he understands what being president entails and acknowledge his responsibility publicly.
Peter Ratcliffe, an executive director of Carnival Corporation, Cunard's parent company, said the ship had been delivered in January with appropriate approvals from regulatory authorities.
Ridership quickly exceeded the Port Authority's forecasts, with more than 20,000 passengers coming through the station only two days after it opened.
Yesterday's cases leave important questions unanswered.
The writer is to begin the project when he finishes with his latest film, "Meat Trade," a black comedy set in a hospital in Edinburgh.
He believes a raw pit has no place in the midst of the nation's third-largest central business district: it's bad for business and morale.
Stock prices will remain under pressure in such a picture.
Seeing Oscar Peterson try hard after a life of making virtuosity seem incredibly easy is a moving thing.
For many Americans who came of age before or during the 1960's, Vietnam was the name of a place you didn't want to go to.
As our government begins to take more necessary action against people who aren't supposed to be here, these stories will become more common.
Japan has followed Hong Kong's example, abiding by international guidelines for the disposal of infected fowl.
More than 25 buildings from the late 17th to the 19th century, restored and furnished, now decorated for the holidays, with demonstrations of holiday activities.
In hammering out the agreements at the Arab League meeting, there were endless arguments among members over everything from semantics to how the response to the Americans would be organized.
Antonio Reid, another producer turned president, resigned in January from Arista Records after four years, during which he developed hit artists but also amassed substantial losses, said executives at BMG, Arista's parent company.
But every time people write him off, Daly simply writes another chapter in one of golf's most amazing stories.
The 10-member bipartisan commission had warned that if it was required to meet its original, Congressionally mandated deadline to issue a final report by May 27, it would have to curtail its investigation and cancel several public hearings.
Ms. Ryan's performance is an admirable if not entirely persuasive attempt to play against type, a character in search of a better movie.
So the fashion industry accommodated, with today's size 4 fitting like former size 8, 8 like 12, 12 like 16 and so forth.
When it turned out that Coffee Junction, in a strip mall near the local Ross store, was closed on this Sunday night, Ms. Rose and Ms. Petrosyan headed to the Coffee Bean.
''We never got to see any pictures 'cause it was really hard,'' Melanie said.
No two are exactly alike.
Since returning to Israel, however, Mr. Cipel has not repeated that allegation.
One said to the other, ''Do you think he searched for people with long necks to paint?''
(That sort of diatribe was provided later in the afternoon by the longtime liberal radio talk show host Randi Rhodes, who likened the Bushes to the Corleone family in ''The Godfather'' and said the president was Fredo.)
After Sept. 11 ''one woman told me that there was so much emphasis on police and firemen, what about the secretaries, the people who just went to work that day?''
They have now got a - the beginnings of a constitution, the TAL [Transitional Administrative Law], which sends a different message, that there will be tolerance and an open society.
"Under your amendment, there is a chance that we will not build a new stadium," said Councilman Jack Evans, who has led the fight for the stadium on the council.
Mr. Leb recently pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor following an incident at Kennedy Airport involving badge-flashing and claims to be with the F.B.I.
''Enthusiasm has been heightened in the last few years,'' said Mr. Keeley, the Chamber of Commerce executive.
"We want them to kick the tires."
One woman professed her love for him, adding that she was upset when Mr. DuBois got married.
Customized spas from Mr. Lombardi, a landscape architect who also does master-planning and will even choose outdoor furniture, start at around $20,000.
"He's a quiet but confident player.
Even critics concede that it provides the one televised newscast they can appear on and reach every voter in the state.
But Mr. Bloomberg's lack of apology -- other than a nebulous comment to reporters that ''you are what you eat'' -- seems to have had the opposite of his intended effect, prolonging rather than killing the story.
They fear the shame a public death would bring their families.
"One of the primary goals is to bring in younger people to create the next generation of dancegoers and dance lovers," Ms. Shuler said.
Let's look at everyone in the league and let's see who the best teams are."
For long stretches, children stood by the side of the road, spaced roughly 25 yards apart, apparently waiting for anything to fall off the trucks, even in open desert with nothing but sand dunes visible for miles.
''And they die even faster if you forget to water.
(She has already won for featured performances in ''Ragtime,'' ''Master Class'' and ''Carousel.'')
When I first came here, I was overwhelmed to see so many couples walking the streets and talking in the cafes and no discrimination and no one yelling at you.''
It is not in our power to know."
This type of projection is associated with non-Western art, in particular Egyptian murals and Persian and Indian miniatures.
With nothing within walking distance of this rural school, the A.T.M.
It is not surprising that a man who believes in negotiating with terrorists -- wooing them, trying to find what they want and giving it to them -- is going to be unsatisfied in George Bush's Republican Party.''
Ms. Spence, 64, is keeping her name.
The band's solution to ''Troubles'' is ''If everybody laughed for just one day, you know that would make me happy.''
The breakfast nook is cozy because it is mostly underground, but may seem dark.
It did not help that Emmons missed the minicamps with an injury.
But I, as their adviser, became more nervous.''
Since 1985, dermatologists provided 1.3 million free skin cancer screenings through the American Academy of Dermatology skin cancer screening program.
IF YOU'RE LOOKING Tybee Houses On the Market WHAT -- 3-bedroom house HOW MUCH -- $365,000 This 1,680-square-foot house has front and rear screened porches and two bathrooms.
"If he happens to call, I'd be happy to receive his call," Mr. Codey said.
In a speech earlier in the evening, Mr. Kucinich had pleaded for unity behind Mr. Kerry.
Its largest customers are Wal-Mart, Kohl's and the J.C. Penney Company, and there are more than 70 Haggar outlet stores.
No wonder he left for the $32 million contract.
Mehmet Ali Talat, head of a party that backs a United Nations peace plan for Cyprus, said he had completed a two-party coalition accord with Serdar Denktash, a critic of the United Nations blueprint.
This might all be very amusing as a "Saturday Night Live" sketch, but Mr. Crichton doesn't seem to have amusement on his mind.
She described the work as part graphics, part photography, with text written or spoken by the women and children in those camps.
The secrecy that surrounds the meeting and attendees like the Rev.
When fighting erupted in Falluja earlier this year, however, the newly trained Iraqi security forces did not acquit themselves well.
Once, a company noted on our form that it had packed an item with ''custom inserts.''
C11 ARTS E1-8 Tomb Exhibit Closes Early Egyptian tombs at the Metropolitan Museum of Art temporarily on view for the first time in nine decades without protective glass that had obscured them, will be closed one month early.
''I haven't decided what I'm going to do yet,'' he said with a wry smile.
The entrepreneur, who ultimately did not win Marks & Spencer, said that experience did not mean that he would not call on HSBC for a deal in the future.
Mr. Foster plays Eddie, a prep school student who spends a long, eventful summer working as an assistant to Ted Cole (Mr. Bridges), a famous writer and illustrator of children's books.
It will extract the huff and the puff from the two-and-a-half mile, 3,000-foot ascent up Aspen Mountain, leaving hikers plenty of energy to tackle trails that extend from the 11,200-foot mountaintop into the White River and Gunnison National Forests as far as the eye can see.
"They tried to cap it the last time around," said Gov.
"A lot of people felt they couldn't get off the thing," he said.
The proceeds will also be used for a grant to a graduating Yale Law School student who will work on behalf of the needy, and for college scholarships for graduating seniors from Wilbur Cross High School in the Elizabeth Celotto Child Care Center, which was founded by Ms. Sullivan to encourage pregnant high school students to continue their education and learn about parenting in the school setting.
The badly decomposed body of Ms. Peterson and her fetus washed ashore in April 2003, a few miles from where Mr. Peterson said he had gone fishing.
WHAT THE STARS MEAN (None) Pass it by * Passable ** Good *** Excellent **** Extraordinary Ratings reflect the panel's reaction to wines, which were tasted with names and vintages concealed.
Bush in 1992, Gerald Ford in 1976 presumed that his debates against Jimmy Carter would demonstrate his stature and foreign policy experience in contrast to that of a little-known Southern governor.
He added: ''This recovery is a recovery for those people who have stock.
The program has been used by school districts to pay for network infrastructure, like routers and switches to direct Internet traffic, computer servers to manage the system and cables to connect them.
''That's no man's land,'' he said.
By then, OSI was financially stronger and excitement about this class of drugs was growing.
Shamil Basayev, a prominent rebel commander who is considered a terrorist by both Moscow and Washington, recently threatened more attacks.
The days where Allan Houston had to play 50 minutes and score 40 points to be close in a game, that's not how it is anymore."
It was an easy thing to do.
That anger, some Haitian and Western officials fear, could be channeled into an unruly armed resistance.
The Abkhaz president, Vladislav Ardzinba, has been ill and is not visibly in command of the government.
In percent (Sources by Bloomberg News; Telerate; The Bond Buyer; British Bankers' Assoc.)
Eleven other states, including Connecticut and Rhode Island, were also granted money for military support units on Tuesday.
Once the people responsible for selling licenses are caught, he said the most important questions will be: "Who first knew and when did they first take action?"
Bruce Palmer, who played bass guitar for Buffalo Springfield, the influential though short-lived folk-rock band that exemplified what was called the West Coast sound in the 1960's, died on Oct. 1 in Belleville, Ontario.
National League ATLANTA BRAVES--Activated C-OF Eli Marrero from the 15-day DL.
Previews today at 2 and 7:30 p.m., and Tuesday and Wednesday at 7:30 p.m.
"To have a 300-game winner out there is huge," Astros left fielder Craig Biggio said.
Rory Fitzpatrick also scored for the Sabres.
Faith they have, though not necessarily the same kind.
''We felt that we wanted to interact as directly as possible,'' said Jessamyn Sarmiento, NPR's director for public and media relations.
By Monday morning, Mr. Sukenik said he had received three offers, all over the asking price of $989,000.
In the second of the four books that make up ''The Snow Fox,'' we move to territory made familiar by the films of Akira Kurosawa.
Thus as fall turned to winter, Captain Standish and Mr. Alden were mightily depressed.
That would have caused West to lead his singleton heart with decisive effect, something that he might have done anyway.
And in fact she is known among friends as the polar opposite of her nerve-racked screen persona: a terrific mother and a talented craftswoman.
(Being a mathematician, he said, is no help at all in this area.)
There are fees to be paid, forms to be filled out, inspections to endure and equipment to be installed.
Mr. Ashley's is one of 53 names on a list of performers who were exposed directly or indirectly to two actors, Darren James and Lara Roxx, who were found to be infected with H.I.V., the virus that causes AIDS.
With unrest growing on the streets, the declared loser called for a general strike and a new election.
By delivering Mr. Bush for the European agenda on Middle East peace, moreover, Mr. Blair also stands to restore his badly tarnished credentials on the Continent, where he had styled himself as the essential European leader with real influence in Washington.
She appeared at the introductory news conference with Schottzie, her foul-smelling, 170-pound St. Bernard, who thenceforth, wearing a Reds cap, became a fixture in the clubhouse and in team photos.
But behind the scenes, the individual elements of this picture are easily discerned.
The circle, an organization of more than 75 critics and writers from more than 10 states, chose ''Intimate Apparel'' as the outstanding Off-Broadway play and, in a tie, ''Johnny Guitar'' and ''The Thing About Men'' as the outstanding Off-Broadway musicals.
most valuable player, might have been the only ones who showed their true selves last night.
The measures would also treat all parties and candidates as equals.
Having adjusted to jambalaya and the openness of the people in New Orleans, Scott praised his players with a small swipe back to the Nets.
''It's like a Magic 8 Ball,'' he said.
Lateness seems to be a vice with Ms. McKay, 19, who will release her debut album, aptly titled ''Late Again,'' on Feb. 10.
It's all about the opacity of cultural difference and how misunderstanding can lead to skewed representations of others.
Much more successful is ''Sins of the Mother,'' a new play in which Mr. Horovitz gives some lovely, witty dialogue to four men who have gathered at a shuttered fish-processing plant.
Susan Breen, a painter, and her husband, David Ryan, a writer and musician, are among a growing number of artists drawn to Black Rock's dramatic harbor views and relatively affordable home prices.
They're young, lonely, erotic, cast-a-cold-eye tough.
The search for the origin of life not only makes fascinating reading but also reaches an important milestone in our odyssey to discover, ultimately, ourselves (Charles Siebert, Sept. 26).
He noted that this was a big change from 2003, when greed and speculation drove equity prices higher.
(Nobody was sure what they talked about, but both of them were smiling.)
sent a preliminary notice that proposed disallowing the deductions, the company said in a regulatory filing.
This has been a music room for 30 years.
He leaves wife Lois, sons Elliot and Gregory, sister Lynn Schwat and husband Martin, and brother Sheldon and wife Linda.
Eastern Suffolk Boces has led the formation of a task force of superintendents and business officials to assess systems and financial controls with the goal of developing recommendations for school districts throughout the county.
He has started his own St. Patrick's tradition: the All-Star Irish Rock Revue, a little early this year.
''My husband knew this young man and we were all a happy family and at a happy stage in our lives,'' she said in an interview.
If he does, what will it mean?
The hearings won her widespread praise from parents, education officials and editorial boards, but also enraged union leaders and fueled tensions between Ms. Moskowitz and other council members, including Speaker Gifford Miller, who is expected to run for mayor next year.
LOS ANGELES LAKERS -- Signed F Jerry Dupree and G Tierre Brown.
"I talked to Eli on Monday after he found out he would be the starter, and he sounded like he always does," Archie Manning said in a telephone interview.
American officials said they knew little about the Americans arrested in the case.
After everyone else had entered, the manager was brought over.
In 1999 she received the Michael Balcon Award from the British Academy of Film and Television Arts for outstanding contribution to British film over her 36-year career.
''And the machines had to be narrow enough to get through the narrow entrances and exits.''
He wears a powder-blue suit for Christmas at 10, a top hat and tails for a cousin's cotillion at 12, a Chicago Cubs uniform for a mock Sport magazine cover at 19.
It doesn't help that the boy the archangel chooses is jaded enough to use the noxious local wine lingo to describe candy bars.
The way Glavine and Leiter are going, they cannot help but wonder if they are capable of pitching longer than they had once imagined.
But a fragmented copy was found by accident in the films left to the museum by a collector who died in 2000, Agence France-Presse reported.
But we don't know how much time.''
L'Ami Jean, 27, rue Malar in the Seventh Arrondissement, (33-1) 47.05.86.89, is closed Sunday and Monday.
It set the mood for a stop in Berkeley's Gourmet Ghetto, a neighborhood in North Berkeley where the organic produce movement of the 1970's blossomed.
In fact, they failed to make the playoffs for the first time since the 1999 season.
Mr. Lissauer, whose first four marriages ended in divorce, is survived by his fifth wife, the former Melinda Dopper; a sister, Marion Weil of Manhattan; three children, Geoffrey, of Kinderhook, N.Y., John, of Katonah, N.Y., and Lianne Cisneros of Sanbornville, N.H.; and four grandchildren.
The root of the problem, officials said, is not the machines themselves but vandalism and the demands of a 24-hour transit system.
But a formidable obstacle looms, according to Mr. Winkler: many of the chief executives to whom chief marketing officers report think that marketing is "largely a financial black hole, an ambiguous function of the business, with immeasurable results and limited return on investment."
Eight of the court's nine judges opposed the move.
Expanded rankings are available at The New York Times on the Web: nytimes.com/books.
''I want to prove to myself that I can handle leading by five shots,'' Weir said.
Mr. Brandt said the bureau did not provide the data needed to determine the median instead of the average.
Take down the 70-millimeter reels.
You can also find special deals and promotions that change from time to time and extended technical support plans.
Even so, officials have still not ruled out the possibility that he was the victim of some random crime or hooliganism, an euphemism often used in cases of ethnic violence, including the stabbing death of a 9-year-old Tajik girl in February and that of the son of Libya's cultural attaché this month.
Torre is doing his own negotiating, and he said that if the talks became a distraction, he would have someone represent him.
Ms. Morrison recalled Simone's ability to ''hypnotize'' an audience with her naked emotional intensity and raw, confrontational voice.
''Byzantium Faith and Power'' begins in 1261, when the capital Constantinople (now Istanbul) was restored to imperial rule after its sacking by the Crusaders.
He graduated from Harvard in 1951 and from Harvard Law School three years later.
Some principals said part of the problem was that officials used outdated numbers to determine if they had extra room in their schools for new students.
A dabbler in baseball history whose father played for the Giants and whose godfather is Willie Mays, Bonds understands the importance of 700 home runs, but more significantly, he understands what it portends.
To enter Najaf means to pour scorn on the Muslim holy places, whether they are Sunni or Shiite.
Others wanted to give their kids a large helping of the childhood they had enjoyed.
They force them to turn, make crossover dribbles, just do stuff they're not comfortable doing.''
One by one the Detroit Pistons came off the practice floor Wednesday and echoed the same storyline.
(Some think it almost freakishly remarkable, although I've always been fascinated by her dancing.)
''You know what,'' said Detroit's Richard Hamilton, the only player who has managed to rise above the fray, connecting on 18 of 34 shots in the two games for 23 points each night.
In 1954 she helped found an important Concretist group called la Frente (the Front).
In the first round, Coyle watched her team come back from a 15-point halftime deficit, and rally twice from 13 points down.
The deal for KinderCare is the latest step toward building "the pre-eminent for-profit education and training company in the world," as Mr. Milken described his ambitions in a document distributed to lenders in an earlier transaction.
''But saying it and getting it done are two different things.''
13 7 3 LOSING AMERICA, by Robert C. Byrd.
And when Eli Manning does that, he won't be marked on the learning curve.
Last summer, she sang the title role in ''Madama Butterfly'' with the Utah Festival Opera.
I learned that from Jack.
The cost is 99 cents per download, whether it is Derek Jeter's diving into the stands after catching a pop-up on July 1, below, or Ichiro Suzuki breaking the record for hits in a single season last Friday.
You've got to be able to keep the game close.''
Horizons have since expanded to Boston, Miami, Atlanta, Philadelphia and New York City.
The chairman and chief executive of the News Corporation, Rupert Murdoch, was paid $17 million, a 42 percent increase, in fiscal 2004 as television shows like "American Idol" and increased numbers of viewers at the FX cable network raised profit.
In part the novel exudes that feeling of ethereality because the main battle is not one that our good lieutenant engages in a physical sense.
''To say that the effects are due to growth hormone is flawed,'' said Dr. William Sonntag, a professor of physiology and pharmacology at the Wake Forest University School of Medicine.
The Mets, aka the Wilpons or just Fred Wilpon in some instances, have made other bad decisions in recent years.
He registered his company's Web site in his mother's name, and otherwise kept the site's management anonymous, issuing press releases that quoted only an unnamed company spokesman.
By Friday, it had climbed to No.
A marvelously painted Tibetan manuscript cover at John Eskenazi blends Persian, Chinese and Indian motifs into a harmonious whole.
So, again, it goes back to the need to be good.
Mr. Dehecq and Gérard Le Fur, the research chief of Sanofi-Synthélabo, said that they had settled upon Aventis as a target in part because there was no other company that they could feasibly buy.
It can provide a beginning for the technological foundation needed to resettle rural America, which desperately needs resettling.
(At the end of some of his most beautifully realized poems, Larkin would scribble a string of dismissive obscenities, as if he were defacing a billboard.)
It can honestly be said that the tone of these words is matched exactly by the music that accompanies them.
Also, unions will continue to represent workers should properties change ownership during the life of the contract.
He called the pictures ''not in the least gory'' but ''poignant and responsible'' and argued that using them was ''a proper part of the national dialogue.''
Tomorrow night at 8 and 10 and Sunday night at 9 and 11; cover charge is $30 and there is a $10 minimum (Ratliff).
American Basketball Association ABA--Granted expansion franchises to Calgary, Alberta and Everett, Wash. for the 2004-2005 season.
"Now, more than ever, New Yorkers have a deep need to reach out to the world," Bloomberg said.
Traded INF Ricky Gutierrez and cash to the New York Mets for a player to be named.
Administration officials said the assassination was a mistake that would make more difficult any Arab cooperation with the withdrawal, particularly on the part of Jordan and Egypt.
But as the Finnish choreographer Tero Saarinen proved on Thursday in arguably the biennial's most moving performance, space can be transformed into a magic box.
By late last year, Mr. Howard had assembled an impressive portfolio of duties at Fannie Mae, essentially having responsibility for overseeing how the company makes its money, how it counts its money and how it audits that count.
Israel's prime minister, Ariel Sharon, told his cabinet that the ailment that afflicts Mr. Arafat, the Palestinian leader, had not altered plans for a unilateral Israeli withdrawal of soldiers and Jewish settlers from the Gaza Strip, which is scheduled for next year.
Shelter and clothing would limit themselves to keeping out extreme cold or heat.
But now the gloves are really off.
Hundreds of thousands of toy automobiles -- Batman-themed cars and ride-on toy trucks -- have been recalled because more than a dozen children have been hurt and one killed while playing with them, federal officials said.
Tomorrow at 8 p.m., "Composers Who Made Us Famous," a concert of music by George Gershwin, Aaron Copland, Duke Ellington and Leonard Bernstein; free, but a $10 donation guarantees a seat.
What gets done is what gets paid for, and insurers usually do not pay for preventive care or chronic care management provided by nurses or in group classes, like the ones at Kaiser.
For a week, tensions in this strategic town in North Darfur had boiled over, pitting ethnic Africans and Arabs against each other in mob violence.
(Lest there be any doubts about last night's agenda, women and other compassionate speakers spoke under a big sign that said, "People of Compassion.")
The agreement grants Guidant immediate entry into a market that may reach more than $3 billion by the end of 2004.
I was not looking for straightforward narrative, which is maybe also why I chose that particular abstract painting.
It is not enough to be equal to men, when the men are acting like beasts.
''They've had this scattershot approach,'' said Graeme Maxton, an analyst with Autopolis, a consulting firm in London.
But like many others who have thrown themselves into new endeavors and faddish financial investments, the Colemans and a surging number of alpaca farmers across the nation feel certain their business is sustainable.
Wells was fanatical enough about his passion for Yankees history to wear a 1934 Babe Ruth cap once on the mound at Yankee Stadium.
As early as the 1870's, the press was tuning in to what women were wearing to presidential inaugurations.
Information: (212) 333-5333 or (212) 721-6500.
LAST year was great for stocks and good for bonds.
Allison Bari Silver, a daughter of Sheryll and Ronald Silver of Roslyn, N.Y., was married last evening to Marc Stuart Balinsky, the son of Madeline and Dr. Warren Balinsky of Setauket, N.Y.
Some of the most popular drag performers in New York City -- Joey Arias, Lypsinka, Lady Bunny, Varla Jean Merman and Flotilla De Barge -- have performed at the theater and stayed the weekend.
Dr. Barry D. Schwartz, Rabbi Herb Friend, President
The state elections director, Ed Kast, has resigned from his job overseeing the voting machinery.
The developments were reported by the German news media over the weekend, though Mr. Bernhard's move had been rumored for months.
Some were exposed to pools and lakes as children, but became fearful because a parent threw them in too soon, or a relative drowned.
Ever-improving technology has brought builders closer to the real thing.
I would get up to deliver newspapers at 5 in the morning, and then in the evenings I worked as a busboy in an overweening French restaurant.
They wheeled laps around the physical therapy room through late winter, and when spring came, around a large circular walkway outside.
Italy is not only delving into what happened in this hardscrabble community, it is also learning how officials covered up inquiries into events of that day.
Then he turned in his inspired prose to the convention's speech doctors, who told him he was not alone in that theme.
On December 10, 2004, of Long Island City.
Applied was recently named redeveloper of the former Upsala College site in East Orange in a partnership with the Alpert Group.
In general terms, it is spread by exposure to infected poultry, their feces and contaminated soil.
According to doctors, 80 percent of patients leave with infections they did not have when they arrived.
''George, I treasure the memories we share and wish you all the very best,'' Mr. Reagan wrote in part.
Mr. Arafat is confined to the West Bank city of Ramallah, and other Palestinian political figures rarely visit Gaza, where about 1.3 million Palestinians live.
would likely use counterinsurgency T.T.P.'s."
Scatter 2 tablespoons ground hickory, apple or cherry wood chips (designed for stove-top smokers) evenly in pan.
''Especially because if he had called the ambulance, the guy might have lived.''
His son, who skipped a breakfast stop, had arrived a half-hour earlier and was unloading his truck.
But now that it's just a masquerade -- giving a morale boost to troops heading off someplace where the enemy's invisible and there's no exit strategy and the government's not leveling with us about how bad it is -- hey, man, it's cool.
Getting out the vote is big business.
Those had been the only A.L.
A report in the Advisory column on Dec. 5 about Qatar's efforts to develop tourism referred incorrectly to the route of airline flights to Doha, the capital, from New York.
By lifting restrictions, this country would do exactly what Mr. Kerry says we should not do: ''sacrifice science for ideology.''
''He has got to be out there screaming.
Adding to the sense of monumentality is an intense, almost eerie quiet.
With a total of 2,200 students, meanwhile, the schools would collectively share an auditorium, a library, two kitchens and an athletics complex.
Earlier this year the school's first chorus was formed.
There's not a lot driving things right now.''
Yesterday, during a radio interview on WNYC, a listener who described himself as a Democratic supporter of the mayor who dislikes the president, asked whether Mr. Bloomberg planned to endorse President Bush from the podium at the convention.
In his cartooning days Jules Feiffer would portray the butterfly fecklessness of his urban neurotics by having them devise dances to their vague emotional or intellectual weathers.
The bottom, as it turned out, was a pile of melon rinds.
In its main article, Le Figaro referred to Mr. Bush as "the Texan" who stood astride the canyons of Manhattan "like a block of certainty, who sees the world in black and white" and who appointed himself "the self-assured head of the resistance of good against evil."
Judith Gorman Managing Director I.E.E.E.
Mr. Vattikuti, 53, held the titles from the company's founding in 1985 until June 2000, Covansys said.
They also tell a tale of the rapid advance of noncommunicable diseases linked to eating habits.
The most interesting works here are rectangular aprons for unmarried women bearing repeated images of buildings with peaked roofs, some of which look like fast-food restaurants.
The sooner we act, the easier it will be to turn things around.
Wood's team gathers impressions of how children watch the shows naturally, in their own homes, rather than viewing kids en masse in a contrived focus-group setting.
My message to our troops is we'll stay the course and complete the job, and you'll have what you need.
''What if that just means more casualties?''
Senator Schumer's wife is part of Mayor Bloomberg's administration," Ms. Quartararo said, referring to Iris Weinshall, commissioner of transportation.
You don't know who's going to walk in.''
Along the way Mr. Promutico -- whose 31 years in law enforcement included a stint with Edison's police dog unit -- has overcome some significant obstacles.
This sudden emptiness came from the coincidence of a few large real estate deals.
"I start to ask for the man's seat," he said.
''I don't think we're going to make sandwiches,'' she said comfortably, carrying the food into the dining room.
This makes sense to Ken Ostrum.
Like Rabin, Horovitz had trepidations; but he hoped that Arafat had made a genuine decision for peace.
The theater, which opened in 1931, is scheduled to reopen in June 2005.
WHEELCHAIR ACCESS -- Fully accessible, though the path to the restrooms is narrow.
But if that buyer had a significant amount of investments, she could pledge some as collateral for the $150,000 and get a mortgage for the entire $500,000.
A Leger Marketing poll of more than 1,000 people released Sunday indicated that nearly one in four voters in Quebec, the second most populous province, said they could change their minds about who to vote for on election day.
"Ronnie and Nancy" comes from a somewhat unlikely source: Bob Colacello, a celebrity chronicler for Vanity Fair and former sidekick to Andy Warhol, who befriended Nancy Reagan in 1981 and has interwoven their lives in a joint biography that shows how she and her husband worked together during his long climb toward the presidency.
"A livery car driver tried to get me to pay $20 to get to 85th Street and Fifth Avenue," Ms. Ladone said.
Services Friday, November 5th, 12 Noon at Menorah Gardens, West Palm Beach, FL.
''We thank the governor for his leadership,'' Mr. Bloomberg said in his statement, adding that he looked forward to working with the Mr. Pataki, Mr. Silver and Joseph L. Bruno, the State Senate's majority leader, and a Republican, in coming days.
You know, we've taken 90 percent of the coalition casualties.
As she braced her legs, Thomas pointed out a dark, multifaceted boulder as large as a blanket chest, conspicuously lodged among smaller, more colorful rocks.
She will be dearly missed by all her family and friends
A sauerbraten Baden-Baden-style dinner and small beer comes to $19.
When Indiana Pacers forward Austin Croshere called his wife, Emily, to tell her he was starting Friday night, her response was telling.
Ramsey threw short into double coverage, and Alexander was there for his second interception.
Who knew a quarterback could have a 0.0 rating until Jeff Garcia did it?
That poses a danger to traffic, several people in the neighborhood said.
Culture A 14-day trip through Costa Rica organized by Overseas Adventure Travel starts at $1,490 and includes round-trip air from Dallas, Houston or Miami.
And do you remember Al Moran, the Mets' shortstop in 1963 at the Polo Grounds when the team had a 51-111 record in its second season?
Celiac disease is no longer obscure.
I have overcome the hate.''
After more than 15,000 separate incidents of arson, many black urban neighborhoods were in ruins.
With a federal warrant out for his arrest, Mr. Hinzman has made Canada his home, done some speaking against the war in Iraq and become something of a hero in the peace movement.
The thefts occurred between January 2002 and this month, the indictment said.
But he is still a businessman.
In recent New York appearances she has been heard in works by John Zorn and Lou Harrison.
How can he plant more with less land?
Since founding Overland Entertaiment, he arranged special events for many magazines, including Women of the Year Awards for Glamour and GQ's Man of the Year Awards.
Lieber scattered nine hits in six and two-thirds innings.
''If the militia dissolves tomorrow, what I've got is 600 unemployed young men on my hands,'' General Dempsey said.
"The catastrophe of 1948 will not be repeated," said Dr. Mahmoud al-Asali, head of Kamal Adwan Hospital, which has treated most of the casualties.
''My best friend and worst enemy on the ice is myself,'' Kwan said.
Mozart's Pasha Selim becomes the brothel owner who falls in love with the captured Konstanze, while Osmin, the crude harem overseer in ''Seraglio,'' is a sadistic enforcer who rapes and beats the women at will.
staff, there was never any suggestion by them of a claim of fraud until after we advised them of our unwillingness to settle the initial allegations of inadequate supervision," he said.
A week later, they made a $1.1 million offer, and expect to move next month.
Dr. Christine Williams, director of the cardiovascular health center at the Children's Hospital of New York-Presbyterian, has studied overweight 3- and 4-year-olds and found that they are two and a half times more likely to have high blood pressure than normal-weight peers.
She lookedstressed but determined and I remember that she wore ablue dress with a floral design on it.
A26 Afghan Militants Kill Hostage A Turkish construction engineer was kidnapped and killed by people suspected of being Islamic militants opposed to the international reconstruction effort in Afghanistan.
His spiritual conferences are leavened with circus acts.
In Harlem, the section of 157th Street between St. Nicholas and Edgecombe Avenues is called Bushman Steps.
The report was distributed to lawyers at the White House, Pentagon and State Department and to the commander of the detention facility at Guantánamo, Gen. Jay W. Hood.
The deaths of key officials could change the balance of political viewpoints in each party.
In 1996, Assemblyman Steve Englebright of Setauket pushed a bill through the State Legislature authorizing the demolition of all but four cottages by January 2005.
Jeter was angry at Curtis, a backup outfielder, for admonishing him so publicly and for assuming to know what had happened.
The bill also includes the Dirty Dozen Brass Band from New Orleans, which started a brass-band renaissance by adding funk and jazz to the classic street parade music.
''It's one of the nicest Christmas presents that we got,'' he said of the banner.
Vazquez, 27, went 13-12 with a 3.24 earned run average for the Montreal Expos last season.
O'Neal said he knew Carlisle had been successful in Detroit but had heard many things about his communication with players.
Chirac's performance of what might be called the head of state China visit ritual earned him a front-page cartoon in Le Monde in which he is shown telling the Chinese president, Hu Jintao, that his dictionary contains no translation for words like "Gulag," "corruption" and human rights."
Private memorial service will held in CT.
1-ranked team in America tomorrow afternoon.''
As a result therapy rockers fetishize depression like gangsta rappers fetishize the thug life, publicizing their plight while asserting their credibility.
The victory earned the South African men a world record of 3 minutes, 13.17 seconds and their first ever swimming gold, with an unlikely team of Schoeman, Lyndon Ferns, Darian Townsend and Ryk Neethling.
It is easy to think of the campaign to ban same-sex marriage as a recent phenomenon, one orchestrated by prominent Christian conservatives and Republican Party officials.
It's a somewhat perplexing description, but as luck would have it, the next page features a postcard of the mosaic in question.
He said recently his party members were free to vote as they saw fit on the measure.
In practice, here at least, architecture wags the dog.
Soldiers are dying for your oil.
May her memory be for a blessing.
The pound climbed to $1.8409 from $1.8250 while the dollar dropped to ¥106.745 from ¥107.26.
It would also be the latest in a string of disturbing images from Iraq that Americans, unlike much of the rest of the world, are not accustomed to seeing.
But the conservative imagination does not seem to encompass total strangers who may be homeless, jobless or desperate.
Hasselbaink came on to score three times in the last 15 minutes.
''This is a terrible shock to this system, but they're McDonald's and the restaurants will open.''
Nor was NBC apparently apoplectic about Endemol's participation in a show that might undermine an enormous NBC investment.
''We want to make sure there is some surviving document that influences the last piece, to make sure the last piece fits in with all the prior pieces and the Libeskind master plan,'' Mr. Betts said, ''but not in a too restrictive, rigorous, tying your hands behind your back kind of way.''
It's an aggressively quirky turn with line-readings as unpredictable as a Christopher Walken monologue.
On Friday, the administration showed its own numbers to refute the criticisms, saying that nondefense discretionary spending -- from parks and museums to the Energy Department -- has grown more slowly in the last three years and will climb only 4 percent in 2004.
Add bluefish, stirring, about 2 minutes.
When Ms. Cho goes onstage, a quiet, chatty start is followed by a series of characters who seem to possess her, and before long she is screaming at the top of her lungs about how Christians should quit hassling others and get about the business of preparing for the rapture.
f. According to John Vignocchi, what is behind the increased portrayal of blacks in video games?
The two Rangers who figure to bring the biggest returns would be defenseman Brian Leetch, who turns 36 on March 3, and right wing Aleksei Kovalev.
The cable network TNT has used it to promote shows with specific times and channel numbers in place of the tepid and time-worn advice, ''Check your local listings.''
How many other pediatricians are in the practice?
He said keeping them in Montreal was not an option.
The record is susceptible to two broad strands of attack.
The Islanders and the Boston Bruins went to overtime Tuesday night at Nassau Coliseum.
Rudolph's well-published penthouse was legendary, but in the last decade of his life he designed and developed another project for himself in Manhattan that is little known.
Because of the road, people can bring their sick to the hospital and their children to distant schools.
We answer the threshold question in the negative and thus do not reach the second question presented.
''Planners, developers and some architects see these wastelands and they say, Let's just make it a tabula rasa.
It's a place that really should be better known.''
The roving umpire caught him.
David Fried, an official with the Massachusetts Commission Against Discrimination, said at the meeting that justices could be personally liable under the state's antidiscrimination law if they turned away same-sex couples who requested their services.
''An eye for an eye.''
''You know, I hope Phil is worried.
Mr. Scarpelli quickly asked the court for sanctions against Union Pacific and got them in February 2002.
Lowell P. Weicker Jr., said he did not think Mr. Rowland's legal prospects would change much even if he resigned.
It shows the influences of the satiric illustrator Thomas Theodor Heine on the mordant anti-Nazi montages of John Heartfield, and places artists like Lionel Feininger and Alfred Kubin in context.
In a report earlier this month, the International Crisis Group, an independent monitoring organization, said the fight against terrorism should not be used to justify Uzbekistan's human rights record.
The Mets' depleted bats seemingly morphed into bamboo again.
4 54 ANGELS & DEMONS, by Dan Brown.
But when the truth stared at me from the computer screen, I had some re-examining to do.
''But the seminal idea was there.''
All cookbooks traffic in fantasy, but this one takes the cake.
Correction Appended WASHINGTON, Nov. 3 - In the closing hours of President Bush's campaign for re-election, Karl Rove, his chief political adviser, was obsessed with turning out Republican votes.
Craig Janoff, a former director of ABC's ''Monday Night Football'' and numerous other events, has joined CSTV: College Sports Television, as the network's senior director.
The disparity between his company's stock performance and that of his competitors is "unjustified" as well as disappointing, he said.
Born and bred in the Bronx, I took pride in my Big Apple citizenship for 30 of my 40 years, save a brief college residency in Ohio and a subsequent misguided detour throughout parts of New England.
Last summer Coke had a series of ads showing a group of Phoenix teenagers, all skateboarders, hanging out with their friends, doing stupid things and generally avoiding adult responsibility.
The woman is a vagrant; she has long since left behind the trappings of a life, the solid shape of an identity.
Inside were their instruments, sheet music and sound system, as well as compact disks and cases of hot sauce, which they sell at concerts.
He added that the airline would be able to start service in two to three months once it decided to add an airport to its roster.
Mr. Sires's name was among a long list of names read to jurors as possible witnesses.
In addition, some companies with cash are already paying fairly high dividends and are therefore unlikely to increase them any time soon.
Alex Rodriguez once had more specific dreams -- wearing blue and orange and appearing on ''Kiner's Korner.''
They also say that the second jury was not instructed to consider the laws of war, which could have exonerated him even if he had been found to have killed the militiaman.
It looks like they're off to some important thing because they're walking 15 miles an hour and they're talking and handing papers off.
Both returned to the Knicks in better shape -- Baker lighter and healthier after a procedure to correct an irregular heartbeat, Mohammed stronger and quicker -- but it could come down to whose skills are more valued.
Like Israeli doves, some Likud leaders have argued recently that Israel must abandon some of the occupied territory of the West Bank and Gaza Strip, or risk losing a Jewish majority between the Jordan River and the Mediterranean Sea.
Parks also acted in films, like "Fail Safe" in 1964 and "The Group" in 1966, and made regular appearances on major television shows for 12 years.
She said that she was the same ''music junkie'' she was when she walked out of a Condé Nast job 23 years ago looking to be a writer for Rolling Stone and instead walked into a nascent cable television company called MTV.
Mr. Kerry's Senate and campaign staff maintain that money played no role in shaping the senator's opposition to the amendment and that his position was based on his regulatory philosophy.
Under the plan, complaints about misleading infomercials, online ads and other direct-response vehicles will be referred to an independent review board at the National Advertising Review Council, a partnership of advertising trade associations and the Council of Better Business Bureaus.
We'll help them through their elections.
This is his seventh year as a college head coach and his fourth season with Georgia Tech.
In percent Day Year Yesterday Ago Ago Prime rate 4.75 4.75 4.00 Federal Funds 1.94 1.94 1.00 3-month Libor 2.03 2.02 1.15 3-month T-bills 1.69 1.71 0.93 6-month T-bills 1.99 1.99 1.01 10-yr. T-infl.
In Tunisia yesterday, Mali held Senegal to a 1-1 draw as both nations advanced to the quarterfinals.
Hammon shot 3 of 9 from the floor and finished with 9 points.
International Speedway Corp., which owns the facility, announced in May that the track would close for good after the race.
Her sentences reverberate with ''I mean'' and ''you know.''
In mid-October small but vigorous new colonies of it began to appear.
According to church leaders, next month's conference, the church's equivalent of a legislature, is likely to test the bounds of civil debate.
"I thought this was a really weak year for fiction," said Benjamin Schwarz, literary editor for The Atlantic, "but I still wouldn't have guessed that any of these would have been strong contenders.''
When demand is slack, it can be weeks before talks begin.
It would have been different if he did all that and he was actually doing something."
For info Kimble Funeral Home, Princeton, NJ.
I have another religion, music, which is my form of prayer."
B5 Campaign Finance Plan The Bloomberg administration is working on a proposal to severely limit campaign contributions from people who do business with the city, according to a memo drafted by city lawyers.
But it's a different kind of war.
Mularkey called a play for the slow-footed Bills quarterback Drew Bledsoe to fake a handoff to Travis Henry and run himself.
A more northerly islet was found in 1996 by a team led by two Americans, Ken Zerbst and John Jancik.
In an interview Friday, Jayne Gould, the editor of 25 Hours, who came from London's Fleet Street, said that the magazine would contain little writing beyond the captions necessary to identify the faces at the city's book parties, record releases and movie premieres.
Since then, though, most of the buildings have installed turnstiles at elevator banks, with package scanners and other technological devices.
A reeking channel of open sewage ran along the street.
When it came time to introduce Ms. Fields to speak, Mr. Bloomberg said, ''Let me introduce to you the best borough president that I have ever had, since I have always lived in Manhattan.''
Early on, they painted over the mural, then ripped up the parquet flooring and ordered new cabinets and appliances.
""Several Republicans said they had hoped that Mr. Bush, after having forced the first debate to be fought out on foreign policy, would have effectively squashed Mr. Kerry's challenge by now.
You come back thinking that America is impoverished in different ways.''
JEREMY EICHLER MEASHA BRUEGGERGOSMAN This young Canadian soprano comes trailing raves, some of them comparing her with Jessye Norman.
"She was famously austere; at home she dressed as a nun and structured her day around the monastic hours."
"Twice a week their Khmer Rouge guards gave them rice and fish."
Two tourists from Ontario, Leeane Barkhouse, 26, and Analise Spencer, 18, were apparently determined to enjoy the heat while it lasted.
Before Mr. Arafat fell ill, Mr. Sharon's government consistently said that he was free to travel abroad but that his return could not be assured.
I've had four highly overweight women in their late 20's ask to meet me.''
How can it be that humans, seen by some as the apotheosis of creation, have the same number of genes?
"You can't keep increasing ticket prices.
He was Myres McDougal, not Myers.
She used it as a weekend escape hatch from his domineering mother and perhaps from Franklin himself, who by that time was usually accompanied by attractive younger women.
But the death of the nominal head of the most important body of Iraqis deepened the uncertainty here only 45 days before limited sovereignty is to be handed over to Iraqis, on June 30.
They were named for Theodore Roosevelt, the Republican president who first established a national monument here in 1909 to protect them.
''Growing up, and developing, are really ideas about individuals, not movements,'' said George Chauncey, a historian who directs the University of Chicago's lesbian and gay studies project.
We are on the path to the future, and we're not turning back.
Diane Saatchi, president of Dayton-Halstead, a real estate firm on Long Island that specializes in multimillion-dollar houses, is more subtle.
Environmentalists have questioned the effectiveness of the ethanol requirement, and the commissioner of the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation says it is time for the rule to be scrapped.
After narrowly pulling off a daring mission, they retire to a life of lobster dinners, fruity cocktails and lovely sunsets.
When the couple were considering opening a new one, they wanted to found it on Christian principles.
The president's campaign broadcast its first television advertisements last week, and they depicted George Bush as a steady leader.
Mayor Wahler also insists that he never spoke to the governor about the Halpers' property, and he blames the family for tarnishing the town's reputation.
Mrs. Greenbaum is a third-year student at Brooklyn Law School.
DRURY--Named Steve Hesser mens basketball coach.
SPONGEBOB AT QUASSY AMUSEMENT PARK, Route 64, Middlebury.
As a result, he left a cut fastball up in the hitting zone, and Kent pounced.
''What it looks like is important to me,'' he says, barely eating his lunch of Japanese soup at his office in West L.A. ''But I've worked too hard to just be known as an arbiter of taste.''
Four of the six new defendants in the case were arrested yesterday and arraigned before United States Magistrate Judge Robert M. Levy.
Kimberley spends summer days with Heather at the Thomas School of Horsemanship, a day camp and riding school in Melville, where she has learned how to pet a horse, tried her hand at arts and crafts and indulged in drama classes.
"We present performances that push the envelope -- not just acts, but interesting cultural performances," said Ms. Ugoretz, who is also president of the Teaneck Cultural Arts Coalition.
''The price you see,'' he added, ''is the price you pay.''
Students do seem to be taking things more seriously since the recent attacks.
According to Birns, the last time a formal paper on Powell was presented at a Modern Language Association convention was in 1977, which says more about the latter-day politicization of the M.L.A.
Correction: July 18, 2004, Sunday The Gretchen Morgenson column on July 4, about the voting policies of mutual fund families, included an erroneous reference, from an academic study, to the stance of Fidelity Investments on stock option plans of companies in its portfolios.
Instead, he gets down to work and, in lively, thoroughly standard English, traces the development of the language that he so obviously loves, in all its quirks and historical oddities.
It is Bayside Betsy's, not Bayside Betty's.
5 behind its spread offense and the Heisman Trophy contender Kyle Orton.
The moment Freddy Adu will remember for a long time did not come easily.
Word of the supposed burial box of James caused a big stir in archaeological circles two years ago, with some experts giving credence to its authenticity and others expressing doubts.
Which brings us back to ''la-dee-dah.''
THE INDEPENDENTS NADER RETURNS TO A BALLOT The Wisconsin Supreme Court decided to restore Ralph Nader on the Wisconsin ballot.
So the idea that this wintry Godzilla has devoured its victims proves unconvincing, and anyway, within about two minutes, it is vanquished, seeming not so much to die as to flop from exertion and embarrassment.
''Unfortunately the security circumstances and fighting and bombing caused that meeting to be impossible,'' he said.
Yesterday, the company said that the contract it had terminated with Berkshire Hathaway, headed by Warren E. Buffett, differed from the finite insurance it sells to other clients.
For every new gnome-themed product or promotion, it seems that a throng of older gnome-related items are being bought and sold on the Internet.
The Library of Congress is financing research in the new method, now in the early stage of development.
But even before the speeches began, Iraqi engineers pointed out not only that more work must still be done before the plant will be able to produce more electricity than before but that an earlier American project -- also unveiled to much fanfare -- that was supposed to let the plant operate on cheap crude oil had ceased to function because of a lack of spare parts.
Justice Minister Dominique Perben has also expressed his opposition, as has the Archbishop Jean-Pierre Ricard of Bordeaux, who is also president of the Conference of Bishops of France.
Weeks This Last On Week Week List Fiction 1 1 R IS FOR RICOCHET, by Sue Grafton.
Instead, they wind up paying default judgments without ever making the argument that the debts were illegal and therefore uncollectible, she said.
This bracingly contentious but spatially challenged and cursory show is worth seeing, if only because it is the first in an American museum to survey the functional and semifunctional objects designed during the last three decades by artists, in this case 18 well-known Minimalists, post-Minimalists and post-post-Minimalists.
On the streets of Kiev and other cities, antigovernment protests continued and appeared to grow, fueled in part by a concerted push from Ukraine's strengthening youth movement.
''For your safety, you should undergo blood testing even if you have felt entirely well since your procedure,'' the letters say.
"I could go inside, but this is my little headquarters here," he said.
SATURDAY -- Honoring a native son, Cutchogue holds a Douglas Moore Memorial Concert.
"What we were going for was to make something like an off-kilter 'Huckleberry Finn' or 'Treasure Island,' or like the Hardy Boys books.
ON paper, Tod Williams might be a guy who's likely to land in the gossip columns, some East Coast version of a Hollywood jerk.
Another factor is that the government has been encouraging eligible people to participate, emphasizing that the program is not welfare but nutrition assistance.
Van Noten, who is 46, says he underwent a radical shift in his own thinking about four years ago.
DUNNING KDNY Strictly speaking, this program combines the work of the New York-based KDNY company and of KDHDC of Austin, Tex.
Still, the defense lawyers said Judge Gleeson, a former federal prosecutor, did not make any secret of how troubled he was.
"The ambience of having a cup of tea is totally different.
Residents can divvy up their 96 hours in any way, Mr. Apple said, whether it be eight hours each month for 12 months, or 96 hours consecutively.
The economy has lost 2.2 million jobs in three years, and job growth has remained anemic despite rapid growth in the overall economy since the summer.
Hours passed and Mr. Muller's condition worsened, until finally an ambulance took him a few blocks north, to the Herbert and Nell Singer Division of the Beth Israel Medical Center on East End Avenue at 87th Street.
Others say that part of Channel 2's culture is to shock by exaggerating.
In order to help Poles still living in Poland learn something about America and its national pastime, he was a director of the Polish National Youth Baseball Program that helped introduce the game to Poland.
Ravenscourt describes how territorial warfare broke out between the ''Pigeon Front'' from Central London and his own side, the ''Surbs,'' after a fight in Trafalgar Square over a scrap of fried chicken.
Holland, who agreed to a five-year contract, will begin work Oct. 1, Chancellor Steve Ballard said yesterday.
I'll be able to afford a DVD player and the DVD of English Patient so I can watch all the outtakes and everything.
They found that fields where both strip-cover and conservation tilling methods were used had up to 20 times as many meadowlarks, blackbirds, sparrows and other birds as those farmed with conventional methods, and up to six times as many as in fields where only conservation tilling was used.
The prosecutor, William H. Kennedy, asserted then that C.I.A.
This position, AAA points out, prompts people to use hand-over-hand steering when negotiating a turn, a technique that is still taught by some driving instructors.
Mr. Roberts, the minister of works and utilities, was just one of the many who thanked heaven.
It found that while some research had pointed to an association between smoking and diseases including colon, liver and prostate cancer, as well as erectile dysfunction, the current evidence was not sufficient to establish a link.
But more important, he is going to have to talk about his positions on the issue of the day, not a vote on an amendment or what have you.
Any discussion of one is "extremely premature," he said.
His brother, Johnathan, studying pre-law, despairs that Bongani has sunk from helping paint their dining room to living in prison.
While the day shift may typically net 150 cars, the night shift can attract 90, he said, including people who are getting off work at that hour, or those who simply want to take advantage of the short lines, cool temperatures and lower prices (starting at $5).
"These were women who visited the salon once, twice, five times a week.
One problem, some retailers say, is that in normal light the fish do not look as colorful or shiny in the tank as they do in photographs.
"I don't care which of our hitters is up there," La Russa said.
Mr. O'Brien thought it was more like a fantasy run amok.
Mr. Kerry said, "The Scripture says very clearly, 'Honor thy father and mother,"' and promised never to cut Social Security benefits or raise the retirement age.
On his albums, Mr. Hannon wraps his doubts and yearnings in elaborate arrangements that can embrace the pomp of Britpop or the sardonic bounce of Berlin cabaret.
The Rangers (18-17-7-4) dropped into ninth place in the Eastern Conference behind the Islanders, who defeated the Ottawa Senators, 5-2, at Nassau Coliseum on Monday.
In the span of two days earlier this month, the anti-Nielsen forces ran about 100 television advertisements against the people meters, according to both sides.
''Eventually housing and offices were started in these areas,'' Dr. Dmitriyev said.
The chief trade negotiator for the United States said that the government would file a complaint against Europe before the trade organization over what the United States regards as lavish subsidies for Airbus.
"We cannot let that team back in."
SHE is just like any teenage girl, but taller, thinner, prettier and she spends her spare time writing notes to the opera singer Kiri Te Kanawa.
If Cabrera insists on a long-term deal, he may not get it in Boston, where Hanley Ramirez, a top shortstop prospect, should arrive by 2006.
But the Grand Prix circuit, with 12 shows annually, was grueling.
Heart surgeons, who earn their living from fixing up patients like him, tend to blame his genes more than his taste buds and to doubt that his artery blockages could have been prevented.
Cost has been an issue as well.
"What it means long-term is enormous.
Kerry's pollsters apparently told him that his defiant embrace of the nasty crack backfired, and he was being tagged not as deliciously tough but as distastefully negative.
Wander into this cozy restaurant any time of day or night and you'll find the owner Patrick Rousseau racing about, sporting a bright red tie, spectacles and a level of energy that knows no bounds.
It is also unclear whether voters have much appetite for another big idea from the president.
He received five standing ovations.
''The need for a soapbox is so important, especially now, during the conventions.''
They cite statistics indicating that a growing number of Iraqi security forces are trained and fully equipped, and they note that applicants continue to line up at recruiting stations despite bombings of them.
By contrast Emanuel was trendy.
The concerts, presented in association with Classical Action: Performing Artists Against AIDS, are a showcase for young soloists, and when they say young, they mean it.
Gaudet drove into the end zone late in the second quarter on a 7-yard run, and the final touchdown came on a 12-yard scoring pass from Charlie Rittgers to Andrew Hall early in the fourth quarter.
''It could not have been imaginable to any of us that this could have happened,'' said Nancy Hopkins, a professor of biology who undertook the sex discrimination report with 16 colleagues in 1994.
I felt at sea trying to lose weight without a sure-fire formula to keep me on the cottage cheese and off the cheesecake.
Barring the occasional benefit, it has been more than three years since Mr. Move's poignant, meticulously researched and hilarious interpretation of Ms. Graham has graced a New York stage.
Why do they always seem to work for the other team?
Temple (6-9, 1-4) trailed by 39-22 at halftime before staging runs of 18-2 and 11-0 to go ahead.
But on the road, for the year, Suzuki hit .446, and for three months this year he hit better than .400.
This exhibition of more than 100 pieces by Surrealists in America dating from 1930 to 1950 will include works by Joseph Cornell, Dorothea Tanning, Peter Blume, Arshile Gorky, Alexander Calder and Jackson Pollock.
Mud and snow have been attracting motorized vehicles to New England's forests and parks for decades.
With its lean, springy, analog-flavored grooves and its New York-centric references, ''To the Five Boroughs'' tries wholeheartedly to rewrite old-school rap with politically correct hindsight.
His father retired as the chief operations and technology officer and a member of the management committee at Lehman Brothers, the New York investment bank.
has promised an education campaign to persuade parents to buy tickets for their babies and put them in infant seats, but has not begun it.
Wheelchair access -- Street level.
The rest of the cast is also superb (2:30).
It's hard to imagine America's teenagers singing along on lyrics like "Columnated ruins domino!," an exquisitely harmonized phrase from "Surf's Up."
But they placed responsibility in the hands of the insurgents, who they said had put the civilians at risk by hiding among them.
He said the larger issue was whether another, larger nation might use the ruling to challenge the United States' policy.
SCC, which is countersuing Lexmark for alleged antitrust violations, praises Hewlett-Packard, the world's biggest printer maker, for not using similar lockout chips.
In terms of my personal life, I don't try to be a saint.
The Cold Spring Harbor school board also met with administrators in a private session about the Roslyn scandal and emerged confident that no similar problems exist, said Jean Forchelli, a board member.
''No one,'' Dr. Cox said, ''wants to spoil the party.''
''There are few places for them to train and no way for them to make a living.
Included in the shorter trip are eight performances and tours in Prague of the Dvorak Museum; Villa Bertramka, where Mozart stayed; and Vysehrad, where Dvorak and Smetana are buried.
This afternoon at 2 and tomorrow night at 8, Avery Fisher Hall, (212) 721-6500.
National dance company of the Republic of Guinea.
When a classic Impressionist painting comes up for sale, collectors jump.
This problem is not Justice Scalia's alone.
Bernard Gersten, the producer of Lincoln Center Theater, said he didn't remember the Tonys having much impact three decades ago, when he helped produce the musical ''A Chorus Line,'' which won nine awards in 1976.
The Queen Mary 2 is to leave New York on Sunday, sailing back to England with the Queen Elizabeth 2, which is scheduled to arrive in New York that morning.
Experiencing the impact of his genius to connect and to empower, the graduates rose to salute Wally with one of the rare standing ovations in the history of Swarthmore commence ments--and then went off to infect the world with the powers Wally had so lovingly released in them.
Go out and ask Americans what they think about Abu Ghraib.
Even though Bridgehampton was small, it was remarkably diverse, so I never felt self-conscious about my immigrant roots.
LAST Wednesday, three longtime experts on state politics sat down in the Hartford offices of the public affairs television network, Connecticut Network, CT-N, to watch Gov.
Although there are striking differences between the books, they are complimentary rather than contradictory.
And the question is, When will that be, and which candidate will that be?''
But in general, the tone of performative art today has shifted onto "a more intimate, personal and indeed easygoing level," in Mr. Barragán's words.
It was unclear when he would arrive in Pyongyang, North Korea's capital, and some reports indicated he might stop in the Chinese city of Shenyang.
This style of play not only precedes the current jaded era of wild cards and multimillion-dollar salaries; it also precedes the 20th century.
1 last week, then lost to Illinois on Wednesday.
In 1993, it was 2.97 percent (not 29.7).
And he conducted Pascal Dusapin's new creation, ''Perelà,'' to full houses.
The Cherry Hill special education teachers will make about $40 an hour.
''Those things happen,'' Lieber said afterward.
She spent much time visiting the sick, the handicapped, the aged and needy children.
The publisher of Need for Speed and FIFA Soccer is seeking developers for a studio in China to make games for local consumers, said a senior vice president, Erick Hachenburg, head of online games at the company, based in Redwood City, Calif.
Ms. Rieker pleaded guilty to selling 18,380 Enron shares in July 2001 after she learned that the company's broadband services division was ''experiencing significant problems'' and would have to report a $102 million loss for the quarter, according to court papers.
"We like the stability," he said.
Mike Mussina (12-9), who has won his last three decisions, is scheduled to face the Minnesota ace, Johan Santana (20-6), in the first game.
There are multifamily rental homes to invest in.
Mr. Cummins's wife, Florence, agreed.
For now, Dell is even offering an additional 10 percent off at dell.com.
Those sponsors who did sign on had to adapt to pages that might be parallelograms instead of rectangles, or might have slits cut through them.
Mr. Dickerson said he never set out to be a money man, and became one as much out of friendship as any interest in fund-raising.
As the fighting has increased, the Pakistani military has hardened its position against the Afghan refugees living in the area, officials in Afghanistan said.
"It is irresponsible for the president to keep whitewashing the situation.
Having enjoyed the sharp climb in oil prices through the third quarter, the Dow component Exxon Mobil posted record profits for the third quarter, beating analysts' increased forecasts by a penny a share.
He said that because of potential conflicts of interest, both Mayor Parisi, and his son, Councilman Joseph Parisi Jr., would recuse themselves from voting on the Porrino matters.
Often, those guns were used in crimes.
He followed up with a phone call.
Asked about the tension his habitual brinksmanship creates, he answers philosophically: "I can understand why that happens.
Other states have adopted restrictions on how oil companies market their gasoline.
WHAT might you study in college when you already have a $1 billion retail empire that includes your own clothing line, home video business and Cool Bubble toothpaste label?
Hundreds of yellow ponchos were piled up to protect workers from the rain.
In contrast to his Yves Saint Laurent ad two years ago for Nu, showing a naked man and woman, their bodies interlocked, Mr. Lloyd's fall ads for YSL are restrained.
Grill the chops (partly covered if possible to control flaming) over medium-hot coals about 5 to 7 minutes a side, or fry 3 at a time in 2 preheated heavy-bottomed skillets over medium-high heat.
Tom Coughlin is in trouble.
Raising his voice in song, he belts out his ambition: ''I Wanna Be a Boy.''
The recipe here calls for dried pasta, but if you prefer to use a fresh egg pasta that needs no more than about three minutes' cooking time, add the beans before the pasta goes in and make sure the potatoes are well cooked before the pasta is added.
That was almost guaranteed after last night's victory by the Red Sox, which actually came early this morning and stretched the series to a seventh game.
Mr. Bixby said the change could substantially increase the deficit.
While dean at Parsons, Mr. Goldberger will continue to be a critic for The New Yorker.
''My people have plenty of opportunities to tell the stories they want to tell,'' he explained.
Officials said that this year there were 713 ninth graders.
"There was never a buildup of intelligence that says: 'It's coming.
Waiters forgot their orders or ignored them.
The organization also sponsors events at downtown clubs that are open to all but are intended to help bring together young Jews looking for community outside traditional institutions like the network of Jewish federations or a synagogue.
Mr. Pataki also said that when he became governor, the city paid 60 percent of its school budget and the state 40 percent; he said he had reversed that ratio over his three terms.
Instead, Pavin said he would approach the final round the same way he did in 1995: playing conservatively, waiting for a rare chance to attack.
As the movie seesaws between Seabrook, N.C., in the summer of 1940, when the young lovers in the story meet, and the present, it is deliberately (and annoyingly) coy as to who these oldsters might be.
In Los Angeles, the authorities said they had ordered searches of trucks and any other vehicles that ''look suspicious'' in the downtown business district and in Century City, a neighborhood of high-rise office buildings.
So when Christie's catalogs for its important May auctions of Impressionist, Modern and postwar art come out next month, they will include nine works being sold by the Modern, including the top lot of its May 4 sale of Impressionist and Modern art: an early metaphysical painting by de Chirico, estimated at $7 million to $10 million.
''I believed important public issues were involved,'' he said in a statement, ''and that I had the right under the First Amendment to release the taped conversation to the news media.''
A partner at the Brazen Head, Lou Sones, put it this way: ''Sam Adams, which started the trend almost -- people don't consider them microbrew anymore.''
Mr. Bush has been hugely popular here.
REVIEWED BY THE TIMES -- Jan. 11, 2004.
But that is not to say Mr. DeLay is not making the rounds.
''The problem was the rhetoric was all wrong,'' said Steven Fisher, the organization's communications director.
''You cannot do family team meetings while you have high caseloads,'' says Ms. Rosenstein, who estimates that workloads will not decline significantly until all the new employees are fully trained, at the end of the two-year hiring period.
United Nations officials said Friday that Mr. Volcker, 76, had been selected for the panel along with Mark Pieth, 50, a Swiss law professor with expertise in investigating money laundering and economic crime, and Richard J. Goldstone, 65, a South African judge who was chief prosecutor for the international criminal tribunals for the former Yugoslavia.
Two weeks ago, the Federal Communications Commission approved much wider last-mile use of B.P.L., under rules meant to address the interference problem.
When asked where his typical tantrums had gone, he responded in bewilderment.
The turning point came in the mid-1970's when a book dealer he knew in London, Bernard Stone, became ill and lost the lease for his business, Turret Press, a popular gathering spot for poets and poetry lovers.
In a hotly contested election, they are paying less attention to the campaigns than voters overall are, and they are more likely to be uninformed about the candidates.
She initially retained some punk symbols, like ripped and cut cloth.
Usually the acrobats foul up, leaving them little chance to win the big animal talent contest to be held on the mainland.
''If security does not improve, the U.N. won't participate in elections,'' said the official, Carina Perelli.
However, United did not specify any job losses in an announcement of the plan this morning.
The first innovation was exclusivity.
At one level this election was about nothing.
The Huskies (26-4) advanced to the second round with a dominating 91-55 victory.
''This is the most serious setback for the American military since Vietnam,'' said Richard Holbrooke, a former United States ambassador to the United Nations in the Clinton administration.
She says they argue more.
Szczerbiak hit one more jumper, but Fisher followed that with his late 3-pointer to end all doubt.
He was wearing a T-shirt featuring a picture of his smiling children, though he looked very serious himself.
In his first term, Mr. Pataki counted Mr. Marlin as an ally and appointed him executive director of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey.
Come to think of it, why not make every workplace in the city provide that kind of instruction?
Because land is so expensive in Edgemont, he said, Greenburgh has not built any parks there in the last 50 years.
Bill Joy finished his 21-year career at Sun Microsystems, the huge technology company he helped create and build, early last September.
''What other information would you need?''
They're so about their own work, their own well-being, so competitive here -- who's earning more.
After three consecutive years in which it took no wait-listed students, its yield came up short in 2003 and 60 spots opened up.
In a small bowl combine salt, sugar and spices.
Nationally, New York isn't the political power it used to be on either side of the aisle, in part because the state, once No.
NINTH AVENUE INTERNATIONAL FOOD FESTIVAL, from 37th to 57th Streets, Manhattan.
We are staying on the offensive, striking terrorists abroad so we do not have to face them here at home.
The Times's Edward Wong, after a series of interviews with marines in the Sunni-dominated city of Ramadi, wrote: "They said the Iraqi police and National Guard are unhelpful at best and enemy agents at worst, raising doubts about President Bush's assertion that local forces would soon help relieve the policing duties of the 138,000 American troops in Iraq.
Revenue rose 11 percent, to $10.62 billion.
One critic described the show as ''beautifully shot and hypnotic'' and suggested it could be nominated for the Turner Prize, Britain's most prestigious contemporary art award.
"I set a standard that far exceeded what the conflicts of interest law required of me -- that I would not get involved in the selection of Related as developer, or negotiate with them," Mr. Doctoroff said.
But Mr. Barnes quickly added that it was ''not political as such.''
But the advertisements for Pink TV, France's new gay television channel, delivered its most provocative message with a 1984 black-and-white photograph of two familiar politicians, François Mitterrand and Helmut Kohl, in suits and sober expressions, hands linked.
ALLYSON J. KLEIMAN Lake Worth, Fla., April 1, 2004
The notion of a new Holy Alliance is already being promoted by those with a special interest in entangling the United States in a prolonged conflict with Islam.
As people become exposed to homosexuality through the news, through television, through the movies, they become used to it.''
Connecticut ranked third with $56,803, while New York was 17th with $46,195.
It also said problems in the industrial hygiene program ''will, until corrected, continue to raise uncertainties in determining whether some workers are being overexposed to some chemical vapors.''
said it was suspending its activities to overcome ''technological, logistic and other weaknesses.''
It can also be used as an MP3 song player for times when the photos don't tell the whole story.
But now that months have passed since the accident on your street, you may urge local authorities to speak to the family, gently and tactfully, about removing those crosses and finding another way to commemorate those they've lost, one that does not impose on their neighbors.
Woodson's words could be viewed as the ravings of a 21st-century athlete, if he had been the lone Raider to voice displeasure.
US Airways has long dominated the airport -- it has 68 percent of the flights from Philadelphia, one of its hubs along with Pittsburgh and Charlotte, N.C. With a lock on the Philadelphia market, US Airways over the years was able to charge last-minute fares of $1,000 or more to some cities, like St. Louis, where it was the only carrier with direct flights from Philadelphia.
Media types are Democratic, of course, but one is dismayed to learn that two-thirds of employee donations at Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation went to Democrats.
It is also known that in many people -- but not all -- eating a lot of saturated fat and trans fat and being overweight can raise blood cholesterol.
Continuing the story begun in Mario Puzo's novel "The Godfather."
Although Iraqi leaders and the United States are pushing for elections for a national assembly to be held as planned, signs of open campaigning are few, with preparations for the vote clouded by continuing violence in parts of Iraq and complicated by the threat of boycott.
Laura Schultz of Syosset was one of three who raised her hand.
And if colleges really wanted to clamp down on grade inflation, they could whisk it away statistically, simply by factoring those averages into each student's G.P.A.
Still, he said, communities that have undergone similar transformations, like Greenwich Village, retain their gay character long after the arrival of straight yuppies.
As a actor-playwright, he's an unusual case in the theater.
Shiva will be observed at the Jacobs' residence between 1 pm and 5 pm, through Friday.
"Why weren't they in a hotel on the other side?
When supporting the removal of Israeli checkpoints in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip, you write, "While those checkpoints have undoubtedly reduced the number of attacks by suicide bombers, they have made it virtually impossible for average Palestinians to move freely, whether going to the polls or simply trying to go to work."
Sadly for Walter, who prefers blondes, Laura is promised in marriage to the quick-tempered Sir Percival Glyde (Oliver Darley), who is stalked by the lovely but vengeance-crazed Anne Catherick (Angela Christian), the title character.
They also have enormous implications for consumers, the telephone and energy industries, and equipment manufacturers.
That familiarity lent an easygoing air to the restaurant, which lacks the polish or sparkle to qualify as a big night out.
Heat oven to 350 degrees.
After pleading guilty to a bribery-related charge, Mr. Velella, a Republican, is now serving a year at Rikers Island.
Fleming, which filed for bankruptcy in April 2003, will have $468 million in assets and $320 million in debt, according to Ted Stenger, the chief restructuring officer.
The Dow average dropped 10.69 points, or 0.1 percent, to 9,886.93, a level not seen since Aug. 13.
"Zarqawi was never part of the leadership of Al Qaeda -- he has never sworn allegiance to bin Laden," said a senior German intelligence official, who refused to be identified.
The new members abruptly suspended programs they considered un-Islamic.
Here in Washington, Senate Democrats elected as their leader Harry Reid of Nevada, an opponent of abortion, without a murmur of objection.
GROUNDS FOR SCULPTURE "Songs of the Season," Robin Greenstein, vocals.
We had delicious clam chowder at Baked Alaska, and a wonderful lunch at the Schooner, also called 12th Street Bistro.
Old houses continue to be restored and sold with the cachet of antiques.
''And the actors talk to them.''
The hazmat team had all its equipment packed in the truck and ready to go -- in case a call came in about a suspicious suitcase, or the unthinkable really happened.
Mr. Sadr made a similar threat nearly two months ago, but it has yet to be carried out.
''They don't expect this to be a cyclical problem.
After winning about a dozen professional fights in Canada in 1923, when he was 15 -- he said he was 16, the minimum age for a pro -- McLarnin moved to Oakland, Calif., with Foster and fought as a flyweight (112-pound limit).
The 40-member company of musicians and dancers will celebrate its 50th anniversary with dances by the Guinean choreographer Keita Fodeba.
At times, the Liberty's sloppy play elicited boos from the sellout crowd of 5,945.
This month's Shostakovich celebration schedule at Bard: Today PROGRAM ONE: ''Dmitri Shostakovich: The Man and His Work,'' an all-Shostakovich program with ''Three Fantastic Dances''; the ''Song of the Counterplan,'' from the film ''Counterplan''; Four Songs on Texts of Dolmatovsky; ''Preface to the Complete Edition of My Works''; the Piano Trio No.
''These days, it's a gift,'' she said.
To the Editor: ''Felons and the Right to Vote'' (editorial, July 11) is one of the most compassionate and sensible articles I have read in a long time.
"Eight hours of driving and 12 hours of tailgating," Eastin said.
He has talked about being a recovering alcoholic.
Phelps figures to reel in far more than one gold in his five remaining individual events: the 200 and 400 medley, the 200 freestyle, and the 100 and 200 butterfly.
''The character of the neighborhood is being changed, and houses are being replaced by unattractive crackerbox buildings.''
Further Questions for Discussion: –How did archaeologists draw upon concepts developed in the Near East to form assumptions about African early life?
''Hopefully it will be gone.''
Called Shakesbeer, ''a name which was sort of obvious and irresistible,'' Ms. Moran said, and the Gatekeeper's Porter, an allusion to a character in ''Macbeth,'' the two brews will be ready for delivery on or about April 23.
On our way back to Johannesburg, we visited the two-year-old Apartheid Museum between Soweto and central Johannesburg.
Reginald Ely Zelnik, a historian who focused on Russian labor and social studies, died May 17 in an accident at the University of California, Berkeley.
One of the district's three elementary schools is in Lloyd Harbor.
A popular attraction in 16th- and 17th-century Europe, anatomical theaters were temporary or permanent structures in which medical students, artists and the general public gathered to watch dissections and autopsies.
They became active in the Catholic War Veterans, and it served as the linchpin of their social life.
The others were near Kansas City and Wichita.
But the time in question here is not the present and the enemy is not Al Qaeda.
For Schools and Libraries WEDNESDAY -- Spike Lee, Richard D. Parsons and other alumni of New York's public schools will be honored at a dinner at the Allen Room at Jazz at Lincoln Center, located at the Time Warner Center, to aid the Fund for Public Schools and its support for libraries and after-school sports programs.
When they formed Cingular, SBC and BellSouth signed a settlement in which they agreed to sell wireless businesses in California and Indiana markets to AT&T Wireless.
Politics does exactly the opposite.''
security, renovated kitchen, French doors, south exposure; maintenance $425, 40% tax-deductible; listed at $239,000, 11 weeks on market (broker: Simone Song Properties) BROOKLYN FORT GREENE $360,000 153 Lafayette Avenue 2-bedroom, 1-bath, 850-sq.-ft. co-op in a prewar building; renovated kitchen and bath, high ceilings, 2 exposures; maintenance $599, 39% tax-deductible; listed at $360,000, 4 weeks on market (broker: Corcoran Group Brooklyn) PARK SLOPE $820,000 444 12th Street (Ansonia Mews) 3-bedroom, 2-bath, 1,600-sq.-ft. co-op in a renovated prewar factory; concierge; kitchen with granite countertops, 26-ft. living room, harbor view, terrace; common charge $600; taxes abated for 14 years; listed at $840,000, 5 weeks on market (broker: Warren Lewis Realty) WINDSOR TERRACE $660,000 601 18th Street 4-family, 2-story, prewar brick house; 2 bedrooms, 1 bath, eat-in kitchen in each unit; new roof, rear garden, 20-by-100-ft. lot; taxes $3,982; listed at $720,000, 3 weeks on market (broker: Brenton Realty) QUEENS MASPETH $520,000 61-31 56th Road 2-family, 94-year-old wood-frame house; 2 bedrooms, dining room, eat-in kitchen, 6 closets in primary duplex; 2 bedrooms in other unit; 1 bath in each; 50-by-100-ft. lot; taxes $1,873; listed at $560,000, 6 weeks on market (broker: Remax-FH Realty) WESTCHESTER DOBBS FERRY $1.15 million 310 Palisade Avenue 5-bedroom, 4 1/2-bath, 81-year-old two-story stucco Mediterranean-style house; dining room, renovated eat-in kitchen, living room with fireplace, whirlpool bath and balcony off master bedroom suite, central air-conditioning; 2-car garage, 0.38-acre lot; taxes $20,813; listed at $1.195 million, 19 weeks on market (broker: Coldwell Banker/Ye Village) ROCKLAND NEW CITY $657,500 2 Doolin Road 5-bedroom, 3-bath, 5-year-old colonial-style house; 2-story entry, great room with stone fireplace, semifinished basement; in-ground pool with waterfall, 3-car garage, 0.81-acre lot; taxes $12,283; listed at $665,000, 4 weeks on market (brokers: Coldwell Banker/New City; Prudential Rand)
By last spring, the Senate bill had ballooned to more than 700 pages.
Ms. Berry's victory in 2002 for her work in "Monster's Ball" was an upset over Sissy Spacek, who had swept the critics' awards and won the Golden Globe for her performance in "In the Bedroom."
He is the son of Stephen S. Halsey of Kamuela, Hawaii, and of the late Wanda Halsey, and the stepson of Louise Halsey.
Jasmin's feet curl inward at the ankles, and her gnarled fingers flutter uncontrollably.
The spread of capitalist meritocracy in the 19th and 20th centuries eventually dealt this delicate arrangement a devastating blow.
"What we hope is that this will break the logjam that has been there for some time," said Brendan Cox, a spokesman for Oxfam, a nonprofit group that has urged accelerated moves to cancel third world debt.
"To a lot of people, what we are seeing would be mundane, but it's fascinating because of the way we are seeing it," Mr. Caldwell says.
They had already selected their festival colognes: Dolce & Gabbana and Sonia Rykiel for Mr. Famiglietti, and Joop for Mr. Bonifacio.
The stakes, after all, are enormous.
Justice O'Connor, usually an active participant in the court's arguments, made only one comment, to James R. Layton, Missouri's state solicitor.
The first is that a steep drop would increase inflation, because imported goods would become more expensive and American companies would have less competitive pressure to keep prices low.
Yet when the shopping day is done and Jamaica's deal-seekers are looking for a place to sit down and have a proper meal, the options, until recently, have been less than plentiful.
A man of great intellect, love and compassion, Bob will be deeply missed by his loving wife, son, daughterin-law, grandsons, and many dear friends.
At this rate, he calculated, they would spend more time over the weekend inhaling exhaust on highway blacktop than fishing for walleye.
ELSEWHERE in the article he noted that the kingdom's religious scholars ''have to declare jihad against those deviants and to fully support it, as those who keep silent about the truth are mute devils.''
Instead, party officials focused on trying to stop Democratic-leaning groups like America Coming Together, the MoveOn.org Voter Fund and the Media Fund, which support Mr. Kerry and attack Mr. Bush.
SCORECARD: This is a sort of greatest-hits compilation of attacks Mr. Bush's campaign has made against Mr. Kerry all year.
Of course, their mothers weigh in at around half a ton, and the infants aren't human, but still, they are soft and deliciously smelly.
Mr. Olson was referring to the literal facts behind the painting, and it might be tempting to respond that such literalism does art an injustice -- that reducing the emotional depths of the red in ''The Scream'' to an atmospheric anomaly robs it of its mystique.
I HAVE lived in Farmingville for almost 18 years.
The inexorable harshness of her master drove her to seek refuge in her grandmother's attic, where she lived alone for years in gloomy isolation.
So we decided that if anyone was late they'd stand up for one minute."
Services in the neighborhood are still a bit spotty, and sometimes it takes a walk or a cab to find the right groceries, restaurants or nightlife.
''At times when the general's exhausted or there are too many people around, Gene takes over,'' he said.
Maybe I should look into a Kmart Kareer.''
Optioned C Jamie Burke to Charlotte of the IL.
It is also the basis for maps by several federal agencies and the world atlases of Rand McNally.
To the Editor: The current shortage of flu vaccines is a perfect illustration of the need for active government involvement in the provision of essential health care services to the public ("An Influenza Vaccine Debacle," editorial, Oct. 20).
Its name is Lasserre, not Lassere; it has two Michelin stars, not three; and it has no view of the Eiffel Tower.
But genes that influence diseases of old age, which kick in long after the years of fertility, escape that net.
The comments by Cardinal Arinze, a Nigerian who presides over the Vatican office on worship and the sacraments, came at a news conference in which he released Vatican directives on celebrating Mass.
''I look at Tennessee so much clearer now,'' DeMoss said.
Revenue sharing is used by roughly 90 percent of 401(k) plans, according to Michael Weddell, a retirement consultant at Watson Wyatt Worldwide.
After three years of being rubbed the wrong way by Scott, half the news media treated Frank like Walter Mitty, the other half like the second coming of Red Auerbach.
In West Virginia, a state that had voted for only three Republican presidential candidates in the 70 years before Mr. Bush carried it in 2000, the big local issue is coal.
At one point during the Elvis siege, the Memphis police investigated the Enquirer operation to see if any laws were being broken.
''I was making her stuff out of old newspapers or fabric from a dollar store.
Theater ''JUNIE B. JONES,'' a musical by Theaterworks at the Lucille Lortel Theater, 121 Christopher Street, West Village.
Services on Sunday 11:30AM at "The Riverside", 76th Street and Amsterdam Avenue.
Eleanor Acer, asylum director for Human Rights First, said, ''It sends a very clear message that the U.S. is not willing to step up and accept its legal and moral obligation to accept refugees, particularly when the refugees at issue are at our own doorstep.''
In San Francisco, visitors will find free shuttles in two majors parks this summer.
The R&B crooner's "Confessions" (La Face) rode high in the Billboard charts not once but twice: the original release of the album, in March, reached No.
For the moment, at least, the Haggadah appears to be safe.
''You can't walk away, and you can't get the Cocoa Puffs either,'' she said.
His Desdemona, smothered nightly by Tom Wilkinson's Othello, flutters on the thin boundary between camp and melodrama, and the argument of "Stage Beauty," at once drably common-sensical and brazenly revisionist, is that such playacting compromised the tragic force of Shakespeare's work.
The plane, an Airbus A300, crashed shortly after takeoff from Kennedy International Airport on Nov. 12, 2001, killing all 260 people on board and 5 more on the ground in Belle Harbor, Queens.
In recent conversations and news conferences, Mr. Sadr has appeared deferential to the authority of the marjaiah.
The pass was so true and traveled so quickly across the practice field at Southwest DeKalb High School that Coach Buck Godfrey was tempted to promote whoever had thrown it to the varsity right on the spot.
The killing, at a park in broad daylight, is glimpsed at the beginning of Matthew Ryan Hoge's film, which opens today in New York, Los Angeles, Chicago and Washington.
This can help the authorities locate a stolen machine when it is being used online.
WITH: Renée Fleming (Rodelinda), Stephanie Blythe (Eduige), David Daniels (Bertarido), Bejun Mehta (Unulfo), Kobie van Rensburg (Grimoaldo) and John Relyea (Garibaldo).
He said that RadioShack sells tiny MP3 players but that the advantage of their size is offset by the equally small size of their display screens.Personally, Asimus, who is 50, said, "I want to scan the songs without having to put on my glasses."
But people who knew the latest Telo Rinpoche say they see similarities in the two men's ways of thinking.
The House passed legislation on Thursday that would overhaul the corporate tax code and resolve a long-running trade dispute between the United States and Europe while offering $140 billion in tax breaks that affect almost every corner of industry.
For instance, Mr. Schwartz said, under Pennsylvania law, each juvenile prison writes a monthly progress report on every inmate.
A moderate Democrat with an engaging personality and sense of humor, Mr. Glickman made a positive impression on at least some of his interviewers, according to people close to them.
''It's all about the weight and the pressure.''
Passage of the measure could also have unintended political consequences.
"I was hooked like a drug and wanted to participate."
A Western diplomat who maintains close contacts with the Palestinian leadership said he had heard talk that Mr. Arafat might need to visit a hospital for a checkup, but that he did not appear to have a serious illness.
Our relationship has always been that way, but it's been successful.''
"This offense can strike at any time."
These and hundreds of other stories are being assembled by two Harvard scholars for what they are calling the largest-ever collection of biographies of African-Americans.
The artifacts, on loan from the Nanjing Museum, include 3,500-year-old bone fragments used to predict the future and a rubbing from a stone star chart used in the Southern Song Dynasty (A.D. 1127 to 1279).
But that debate paled in comparison with a discussion about the Pantheon -- specifically, whether the edifice, almost 1,900 years old, should also be renovated with financing from advertisements adorning its columns, roof and walls.
The lurch of the coaster as it left the station made my heart race and my palms sweat.
For once, that thundering soap-opera music (which makes a Douglas Sirk movie score seem subtle) is welcome; it drowns out any embarrassing audience sniffles.
Yet Mr. Bush's brand of internationalism, by his own account, is limited.
The road needs to be only two lanes.
Ms. Ervin added that Ms. Taylor seemed to be watching over the block.
He lives outside Atlanta and uses his downtime to travel to California to visit his 5-year-old son, Terique; he has no relationship with the boy's mother.
Deposed dictators like Ferdinand Marcos and brutal generals like Carlos Vides Casanova, who presided over human rights abuses in El Salvador in the 1980's, could come here and enjoy safe haven.
Mr. Bush and President Jacques Chirac of France are expected to extol the sacrifice, the trans-Atlantic bond forged here, and the common values of Europe and America.
And along the river, the landscape shrinks.
The gesture, which is meant to underscore the personal nature of his writing, has a faint whiff of the apology about it, as if the plays would not merit our interest without the direct intervention of the great artist himself.
The patient was started on the essential hormone.
Maris would chime as they passed on the sidewalk.
The lead character, played by Dennis Quaid, is a paleoclimatologist, an investigator of past climate shifts, for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.
The Panthers' offensive coordinator, Dan Henning, who brought Delhomme in for a workout with the Jets in 1999, said Delhomme needs to improve his footwork.
The North Korea policy doesn't have to be the one the Democratic Party likes; it only needs to be realistic and effective.
As in previous years, stylists and designers kept the stars looking tastefully glamorous and tiresomely alike.
And, of course, Smarty Jones is kicking around a breeding farm in Kentucky.
But they are nearly bunkers."
If your friend is bragging about his great new cellphone, he may not be a buzz agent, but he may not be the purely rational information source you assume.
This week, USA presents its own six-hour ''Traffic'' mini-series, with a new, terrifyingly human twist.
A Red Sox manager could get fired for staying with his pitcher too long.
Arkwright was a competent engineer, but his real claim to fame wasas an industrial organizer.
Mr. Romney said allowing same-sex marriages in Massachusetts presented many confusing legal questions that his administration was trying to sort out.
I'm sure he would get along well with my friends.
Compounding the insult to the integrity of Dr. Barnes's creation is a bizarre scheme to replicate it.
This afternoon's vote had been expected in view of the 85-to-10 vote on Tuesday to limit further debate and end consideration of amendments.
Charles, borne under a canopy emblazoned with his slogan, was accompanied by of 2,000 nobles, soldiers and retainers -- 10 times the size of the presidential entourage.
An average of 524 foreign-born residents arrive at Rikers each month, and after scrutinizing their records, immigration agents find an average of 226 deportable.
If re-elected, he will still be 43rd.
The television commercials, filmed in a grainy, hand-held camera style, show a male boss punching a female employee when she arrives late for an office meeting; a patron at a restaurant slapping a waitress when she gets the order wrong; and a salesman in a clothing store berating and humiliating a female customer while she is trying on clothes.
After a tug of war between New York's baseball neighbors, the Mets announced yesterday that they had hired Down to be their hitting coach.
''Can I get some water?''
drugs, a leading AIDS organization is warning, that, on the continent, where the infection is rapidly spreading, widespread misuse could create epidemics from drug-resistant strains of the virus.
In warm weather, Dr. Sheppard notes, ''they like the wind near the shore.''
Perhaps the Nets should have been celebrating Monday.
But so too, last week, did Mr. Alwan's tenure as police chief.
In 1994, after he organized a voter drive for Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani , Mr. Diaz, then a city councilman, vocally criticized the Gay and Lesbian Olympic Games.
"That church was the locus of life in Vailsburg," said State Supreme Court Justice James Zazzali, a Rumson resident who was born in the neighborhood in 1937 and lived there until his marriage in 1967.
(In Ohio, much of the writers' talk among themselves involved not electoral but publishing politics: how many books you have to sell to get on the best-seller list, problems with distributors, placement in bookstores.)
Genevieve Christy stays up into the wee hours to finish her management consulting work in her apartment in Boerum Hill, Brooklyn, so she can spend a few days a week here painting posters and knocking on voters' doors.
Ms. Smith, in a T-shirt and jeans, was talking on a recent Sunday in a high-rise apartment building in the East 60's, her temporary home during the run of ''More.''
The most beloved breakfast items in town, I would wager, are the cinnamon buns at Ann Sather's.
Its communication tower, with dozens of disclike antennas, looked like the barnacle-covered horn of a gigantic narwhal.
Either the stone, which is about 50 inches in diameter, dropped into the falls due to natural erosion at the site or it was thrown down, he said, adding the latter appears to be the logical conclusion based on circumstantial evidence.
Mr. Vandevelde, who is Belgian, took over Marks & Spencer in 2000 as the first non-Briton to run what had once been an icon of retailing.
Mr. Kerry's advisers painted it as an act of political desperation.
Devoted father of Randi (Paul Neustein), Lori (Steven Kany), Peter and Jani (Larry Simons).
''Or,'' Mr. Setzer interrupted, ''the Juilliard or the Guarneri.''
A picture on Sept. 26 in a chart listing admission fees at a variety of museums, with an article about the fee increase at the Museum of Modern Art, was printed in error.
Her statistical analysis of a program in Australia that provided recreation for troubled adolescents found bad effects.
''The little cheerleaders had actually made up cheers to the tune,'' he said.
The name Vauxhall has become a generic term for softly beveled 18th-century plate."
Hundreds of fans stormed the court to celebrate when a last-second jumper by Oklahoma State's John Lucas bounced off the rim, giving the Tigers (14-10, 8-5) their fifth straight victory and putting them back in contention for an N.C.A.A.
How can I load my Mac OS X address book onto my Palm-based organizer?
That was the night's final lesson.
ROBERT J. WILSON Suffern, N.Y., March 9, 2004
The generals also said Pakistan could not protect Dr. Khan's daughter in London, the official said.
Mr. Natama floated the idea of strengthening the African Union's mandate to peace enforcement.
Mr. Grdina has always considered himself a practicing Catholic; Ms. Jameson said she is returning to her Catholic roots.
I remember the beginning of welfare reform, which kicked single moms off the rolls into working multiple jobs, leaving them precious little time for their children or themselves.
Last week, I argued in this space that The Times is not systematically biased in its campaign coverage - a position that necessarily invites rebuttal.
"I was wondering where you were," she says to one driver, a former accountant in the Dominican Republic, who replies with an intricate explanation about how he parks farther away from the luncheonette to avoid getting an expensive ticket.
''This is a very expensive party,'' Joe, who is 63, reminded her every so often in the weeks leading up to the event.
But in both cases the image derives from the land.
And now, though the Pataki administration has vowed to reform the state's adult home system, the new operator it installed at Ocean House also has a checkered background.
After graduating from Midwood High School in Brooklyn, Mr. Ptah said, he relied on grants and loans to go to SUNY College at Oswego, with plans to become an artist.
It's not the biggest thing in our sport, but it's the biggest thing in sports.''
After discussing the merits of a particular golf course on Long Island, one said to the other, "By the way, thanks for the wedding present."
Construction noise would be less likely to disturb migrating whales.
Why are all these rappers think they're gangsters?
APRIL MARCH, Southpaw, 125 Fifth Avenue, at Sterling Place, Park Slope, Brooklyn, (718) 230-0236.
Mr. Khan directed Pakistan's uranium enrichment program for 25 years.
You never know where you are going to find something.
It was Dec. 2, 2001, not Nov. 8.
production, Jack Viertel, artistic director; Rob Fisher, music director; Kathleen Marshall, director in residence.
And it was at their expense.
He barely looked up from his game.
Companies are not allowed to report important news directly to the public but must first report it to the exchange, which sometimes disputes figures for days or weeks before releasing the information.
On a recent exploration, hikers saw only a plastic bucket and a bottle.
"All the horses needed was food."
Mr. Cocchiola's daughter also landed a job with the state.
It has proven, for one thing, to be a marvelous leveler, a way of allowing filmmakers from small countries (Denmark has a population of only 5.4 million) or Americans outside the studio system to have access to the same theaters as hegemonic Hollywood.
Absent female figures leave white silhouettes in Charles Cohen's large color pictures.
Mr. Boylston continued to send them handmade cards for birthdays, anniversaries, and Christmas long after the war was over.
''She's letting it be known that she's unhappy about what the governor did.''
"And I ran back home.
But Robert L. Bixby, the executive director of the Concord Coalition, said, "Given the size of the deficit and the likely explosion of expenses after five years, we need to be looking at a longer time frame and a more ambitious goal."
He is survived by his wife of 64 years, Rose Susan (Hirschhorn) Behrend, his sons, David and Daniel of Philadelphia, and daughter, Catherine of New York City, a sister, Sara, four grandchildren, two daughters-in-law, and two great-nephews.
''The philosophy we have here is when we have the ball we have to score, because we are up against competitors that have the ball a lot more than we do,'' Mr. Hall said, referring to Subway's ad budget, estimated at $225 million, seven to eight times the size of the Quiznos budget.
In fact, I still half believe that it was our collectively lousy karma that brought on the floods of 1980 that devastated our beloved Esopus Creek.
"We need many thousands of African union troops with a broad mandate, quick deployment, big numbers," Jan Pronk, the United Nations secretary general's special representative for Sudan, said Saturday evening in a telephone interview from Khartoum.
He says he likes to spend his free time with his wife of 30 years, Usha, and also enjoys going to the gym.
No, no, I never did that.
On the principle that this country didn't win the Battle of Midway by cowering in a root cellar, I spent a good portion of the recent Code Orange alert phase traveling by air.
Gander Mountain Co., an initial public offering of 5 million shares.
"The U.S. Army is very interested in this," he said, "because these days, the U.S. Army tends to go to desert states."
At Yale, Ms. Akwai was known as Peter Clarence Akwai.
In a survey by Hagerty Insurance, which specializes in coverage for collectible cars, the Charger was voted the most popular television or movie car ever.
When asked his name, however, he would not give it, saying it would be embarrassing to be the brain surgeon in favor of fast food.
In a brief conversation, Mr. Lowy reportedly said that he was drafting a lawsuit in which Mr. Cipel would allege that Mr. McGreevey had sexually harassed and assaulted him over the course of his employment by the state and sought to silence him by arranging jobs, with the state and in the private sector.
''But it's true in France that if you have more money, you have more shame.
''It's not because the secretary general of the United Nations is here that we moved them,'' Mr. Ibrahim insisted as incredulous United Nations officials looked on.
The bride, 29, will continue to use her name professionally.
News that the bank was leading the effort pushed up Parmalat's share price in December 1999.
Copy the published headline and description onto the board and allow students to compare.
Arguing for approval of the measure, its Senate sponsors listed a series of high-profile crimes like the Laci Peterson murder and said their sole objective was to establish in criminal law the principle that a fetus injured in an assault was just as much a victim of the crime as the expectant mother.
Mr. Gough, 44, was cheered on by a group of local residents in John O'Groats and welcomed by a large media contingent.
It is Shop Etc., not Shopping Etc.
The request was the latest move in Mr. Levy's effort to address cresting voter complaints about illegal immigration on Long Island.
One person involved in putting together the advertising campaign said that such advertisements had particular meaning given the 2000 election debacle in Florida, where a disproportionate number of ballots cast by black voters were thrown out.
She expects to mention OTOvertime in most of the coming engagements and publications.
COLLEGE CENTRAL MICHIGAN -- Named James Lott cornerback's coach.
(Of course, among major news organizations, this not-invented-here attitude is no more exclusive to The Times than are commas.)
Volunteers and staff members read through the night on deck or below, depending on the weather, but visitors must leave at 5 p.m. and can return when the Seaport reopens at 9 a.m. Sunday.
There's not much that I can do about it now except offer the advice of staying home if you're coughing and sneezing and washing surfaces like desks and phones often.
That's where I found Ms. Khattar.
X-Hawk's propulsion comes from ducted fans, two encased propellers that push air downward.
Written under Communist rule not long after Mr. Havel was released from political imprisonment, ''Temptation'' centers on Dr. Faustka, a modern Faust who works for an institution that shapes public opinion, Agence France-Presse reported.
Nigeria, which has sheltered Mr. Taylor since he stepped down as president of Liberia in August 2003, has so far rebuffed demands to turn him over to the court in Sierra Leone.
Cruising, of course, was a euphemism for prostitution, and according to Mr. Degani, the sign wasn't much of a deterrent.
Tomorrow ''THE STORY OF THE WEEPING CAMEL'' 12:30 p.m., Tully Hall.
Republicans and Democrats on the House Transportation Committee want to spend $375 billion on highways and mass transit over the next six years.
''I think that's the major appeal of Pebble Beach.
In airports and at border crossings, a machine will read the chip to see if the information there matches the bearer's face.
He is socially libertarian (no to a constitutional ban of gay marriage) and fiscally conservative (yes to low taxes).
It's a rule burned into the memory of many immigrants in New York City: no speaking your native language in school.
The move prompted several state attorneys general to open investigations.
But it has become more complicated than that, with Warner's odd proclamation that he would like to end his career with the Giants and Manning's insistence that he will be ready to start on opening day.
They came from the imaginations of 14-year-old boys, in search of something even well-to-do parents couldn't provide.
Studio Plus, a slightly higher-priced chain of 96 hotels that Extended Stay America acquired in 1997, has spas but no pools, Mr. Wilson said.
The current work is to be done by October.
The neighborhood where Mr. Niazi grew up, Layari, is an example of what plagues Karachi: poor to nonexistent government services for the city's 14 million people.
It's an unfortunate by-product of people making the wrong choices.
''I think the price-fixing issue is not over and done with and will continue to follow Infineon,'' Mr. Laux said.
RICHMOND -- The Spiders (12-8, 4-3 Atlantic 10) have won four straight, with an upset of 12th-ranked Kansas, ending the Jayhawks' 52-game home winning streak over unranked opponents.
Commentators praised her selfless loyalty when her husband fell ill and commended her campaign on behalf of embryonic stem cell research, which President Bush opposes.
Yes, organizational structures in many companies create blind spots to growth.
"I think this is so sad, because I know what it feels like to lose a child," said Shellyann Polanco, 28.
What the two have in common, apparently, is that both ''crossed borders'' to come to the United States, and that their art reflects the human tragedy of disruption by psychic and societal upheavals in many parts of the world.
The Bell companies have said that their largest rivals, AT&T and MCI, would be able to absorb any increases in network leasing fees that might be imposed, and thus the elimination of the rules would not result in higher telephone rates.
Stock markets in Australia, Hong Kong, India, Indonesia, New Zealand, the Philippines, Singapore and Sri Lanka were closed for Easter.
When Ryan Longwell kicked a 27-yard field goal, it gave the Packers a 7-point lead going into halftime.
I had forgotten what tiny steps they take and how easily distracted they are.
"They're a guaranteed money-loser," he said of houses in an interview with The Saturday Review in 1981, "but I never want to give them up because of the richness and complexity involved."
WHAT IT'S AIMING FOR: Wry suburban everyman wisdom.
So when the Heagneys talked about wanting to put up a restaurant, I said it might be something I'd like to invest in.
There is a garden, weather permitting.
Then, with sound stages reserved and locations scouted in Wilmington, N.C., the producers found themselves at budget loggerheads with the studio, according to published reports.
''It's exactly the opposite of what we hoped for when we saw oil going up,'' Mr. Penn said.
He and his colleagues struggle to protect 15 breeding pairs from stoats, ferrets, blowflies and humans while granting restricted viewing privileges to people who may otherwise never see these thrilling avian gliders.
But after they convicted John and Timothy Rigas on 18 separate charges and acquitted Michael Rigas on some charges, it became clear they were torn on the remaining bank and securities charges against him.
"That's why Blockbuster Video is still doing so well," Ms. Tilbian said, referring to the video and DVD rental chain.
The irony is that Mr. Buckley's fellow conservatives play language both ways, worshiping a president who is inarticulateness incarnate and vilifying academic liberals whose equally turgid cadence is ostensibly proof of their irrelevance.
''No one in the Mideast spoke Latin,'' Rabbi Geller said.
"It must be clear," he said.
The police say the thieves may have verified that last point by asking a saleswoman to take a piece of jewelry out of one of the cases for closer inspection.
"We're living in a time warp," Ms. Sherman, said about herself and Mr.
Perhaps what is most shocking about this outlay of modern creations is how few of the museum's Chinese visitors looked shocked, even at the mock mountain landscape created by a row of naked human bottoms.
Rabbi Dana Saroken officiated at the Rockleigh Country Club.
The 96-minute firing of Cassini's main braking rocket began and ended on schedule.
The most important and contentious issue for the two sides is the agency's rule that provides for sanctioning based on documented proof.
While he was serving a 45-year sentence in the United States, Mr. Badalamenti was never convicted of mob association in Italy, although the Italian government confiscated his property.
Unless the state can find a way to divert the new lines so that they are not on the property or bury them to mitigate the risk, he said, ''it will hurt our enrollment and puts our center at risk.''
The Times pays the fund's expenses, so all contributions go directly to the charities, which use them to provide services and cash assistance to the poor.
said he thought the airline would terminate and replace its plans.
He also provided a ''shopping list'' of equipment that North Korea needed to produce thousands of the machines.
Indeed, DVD sales have soared.
Raymond Breu, the chief financial officer, said he expected pharmaceuticals to grow by 10 percent in 2005 and to maintain that rate for the following four years compared with analysts' average expectation of 8 percent annual growth.
In six injury-plagued seasons with the Cardinals, the left-handed-hitting Drew never collected more than 27 home runs and 73 R.B.I.
One wonders whether there is a link between the vibrancy of these characters and the textual context.
Not being able to wait until Monday, she called a postal worker -- she gave no name for fear that the woman, whose children she knows from school, would be punished for breaking regulations -- who came in the next morning and opened the office just for her.
-If a draft inducted people into service from all economic and educational backgrounds, would this make the obligation to fight U.S. conflicts more fair, or less fair?
Written by Johannes von Saaz in 1401, "Death and the Ploughman" is a prose work divided into 34 chapters, alternating the viewpoint of Death himself with that of a humble farm laborer who has a grievance against him: Death has snatched away the ploughman's young wife.
A selective listing by critics of The Times: New or noteworthy Broadway and Off Broadway shows this weekend.
A week, and even days before the event, which was to be held at a family home in Greenwich, Conn., a dozen people remained unaccounted for.
''It doesn't always work out that the more you spend the faster you go,'' said Larry Ellison, the Oracle boss and Silicon Valley billionaire.
The Officers, Trustees and Members of the Hollywood Golf Club note with sorrow the passing of their longtime friend and member, Elliot Marvel.
''This definitely is a déjà vu,'' Navratilova said, referring to the days when herovermatched opponents got plenty of positive feedback for winning games against her.
No one embodies New York's schizophrenic relationship with bicycles better than Edward I. Koch.
Pastrami, which is spicier, is dry-cured, smoked and steamed.
In November 2003, before final votes on the bill, administration officials repeatedly said, without qualification, that the legislation would cost no more than $400 billion over 10 years.
''She didn't deserve this,'' Nancy said.
The lawsuit has nine plaintiffs, who are identified by their initials.
''Plein Sud, the women's clothing apparel company, was considering it, but thought it required too much renovation.
They were the center of his universe.
The tank top is the new layer.
That firm advised disclosure, too.
There is a difference between an image and a symbol, and the images here do not always have a significant dimension.
With the opening coinciding with Ash Wednesday, the start of the Lenten season, many said the movie was a way to renew their faith.
But White House officials have suggested that the order was made earlier in the morning and should have been communicated immediately to pilots.
Billick says the Ravens will have an edge in having Fassel show up each Monday with an evaluation of the next opponent already in hand.
Since Noranda announced in June that it was in talks on a possible sale, its market capitalization has ranged from 6 billion Canadian dollars ($4.7 billion) to 7.4 billion Canadian dollars ($5.8 billion).
Nearby, a building with 417 market-rate rental apartments is nearing completion on one of two former parking lots across Neilson Street from each other.
''I was noticing how cool her hair was,'' Ms. Sharkey started out, referring to the film shot in the diner.
asked Randy Baseler, vice president for marketing at Boeing's commercial aircraft unit.
Deif, like al-Ghoul, is high on Israel's wanted list and has been in hiding for years.
''He's really in love with you,'' she said to Ms. Allen.
The equipment is expensive and is only used for a few months of the year.
He is Rafael Jablonka, not Raphael Yablonka.
Storm Flag Flying (9-2) is classy, but has yet to post a top speed figure this year.
Dr. Ackerman even questions whether the ''epidemic'' of melanoma proclaimed by many dermatologists exists.
Often, they need to pay off college loans or get on a career track by obtaining résumé-building internships at law firms and investment banks.
Ms. Croke, who was expressing her personal views, wrote that there were ''compelling reasons'' to believe that housing prices were artificially inflated.
)As crime has fallen, though, the company has become more adept at policing its property, and executives have realized that customers visiting the Atlantic Center want to shop at more than one store.
The Shinnecock Canal runs right through the hamlet.
Inside was a case of wine, along with a note on Surrey Hotel stationery.
Dan Pierson of Orlando said he had to drink a few beers before heading out to buy plywood at Home Depot, where he guarded his investment by lying on it while he waited for a friend to drive up.
With the Yankees' next nine games against the Mets and the Red Sox, Steinbrenner surely wants to see it last.
The talks have broken down over a number of issues, but a critical one is the demand of the soccer leagues to impose a two-hour embargo after the end of the game before newspapers can post photos on their Web sites.
They worried that Mrs. Cohn would not be able to get the drugs her doctor ordered, or that she would have to go to the hospital instead of a doctor's office nearer their home.
He's had a great career in public service in elective office in the United States Senate.''
They have so much to look forward to.
He can't do that anymore.
The visual designers have done their work well, too.
Finally, a chance meeting in a New Jersey wine shop reacquainted me with an old friend, the 100 percent grenache red from Bargemone in the Coteaux d'Aix appellation in the South of France.
Their backs were to the white-painted steel palm trees that lined the pool.
For $27 you can order from two categories.
It boasts one former first lady (Barbara Bush), four former governors (Roy E. Barnes of Georgia, James B.
Well, the rules have just changed.
As Burr explained to his vanquished opponents: "We have beat you by superior management."
But it was not until Dec. 30 that the federal Justice Department approved the system for electing their members.
She is a residential real estate agent in New York at Stribling & Associates, where her mother is also an agent.
She said that half the hospital's revenues came from Medicare patients.
At Trump Place, on the Upper West Side, a 635-square-foot studio on the 15th floor of 240 Riverside Boulevard, at 72nd Street, sold for $635,000, said Paul Davis, the developer.
Trinidad's aim to cement its position as the leading supplier to the United States fits into its ambition to help guide the policies of large gas-exporting nations.
He described the company's violation of securities laws as "egregious," though he added, "In this day and age of scandal, nothing is too surprising."
He denounced the agreed-upon law as ''legislated by an unelected council in the shadow of occupation.''
MALONE--James Michael, 66, of Bethany Beach, DE, died of pancreatic cancer at his home on Monday, April 12, 2004.
"All these people are no longer beholden to them."
Tickets: $25, $18 for members of the museum, students and 65+ (Kozinn).
''In general, on this golf course it helps to have experience, it helps to have been here before.
Afterward, somebody remarked to Trachsel that the Expos did not seem overly concerned about avoiding a last-place finish.
For a man who has made his reputation defying conventional wisdom, Mr. Sharpton found himself burned by relying on what he assumed to be a given, that he would at least hold his support at home.
Col. Rick Fuentes, the superintendent, denied that any investigations under his command were biased.
The reason: the court upheld the fundamental right to due process of law by rejecting the Bush administration's argument that it could deny ''enemy combatants'' their day in court.
He dueled with Els at Memorial, and showed he still has nerves to handle Sunday back-nine pressure.
As Wrase recalled recently, ''Mo gave me a look like 'That's a great question.
Correction Appended President Bush on Wednesday chastised his defense secretary, Donald H. Rumsfeld, for Mr. Rumsfeld's handling of a scandal over the American abuse of Iraqis held at a notorious prison in Baghdad, White House officials said.
''Now, I am smart enough to know that in logic, no negative inference arises from the absence, but the world runs on a different engine than Socrates' logic, and some, many, will take offense.
She and Mr. Collins talked on the way to the subway, and Ms. Jones recalled feeling a surge of electricity between them.
As they try to track the disease to try to stem its spread to humans, officials of the health organization say migratory birds like the ones here have probably played a central role in spreading the disease.
The numbers released last week help quell concerns about a return to those bad old days.
In December 2001, while Mr. Bloomberg was mayor-elect, he tapped Mr. Doctoroff to be deputy mayor for economic development.
''He has abused, deceived and betrayed so many people for so long on such a massive scale that sooner or later it was all going to catch up with him,'' said Mr. Denis, a former state assemblyman who lost his seat to Mr. Powell in 2000.
A wary eyebrow rose above the Ray-Bans.
''Ryan is very, very smart and knows how to get you in a compromising position where you can't finish a pass,'' said Kenseth, who won at Rockingham, N.C., and Las Vegas this season and is fifth in the Nextel Cup points standing.
But Ms. Juneau, 59, who rarely travels outside Montana but stayed in a hotel at the 2000 convention in Los Angeles, does wish there was a swimming pool.
But he said it does mean that, at current levels, ''nobody should be calling stocks undervalued or even fairly valued.''
HOSTAGES -- Two Pakistanis working for a Kuwaiti-based company were believed kidnapped.
They monitor vehicle and engine speed, throttle position, brake-pedal movement, air bag inflation, whether the driver was belted in and whether the front passenger's side air bag was disabled -- and in some 2005 cars, whether the cruise control, traction control and stability control are on.
Six months later, Heidi's clothes no longer fit and she felt ''like the Michelin Man or a stuffed goose,'' Krieger said.
definition, a fund must be held privately.
''It's just another way for people to connect, especially since everyone is there for the same reason,'' she explained.
For those who chose to exchange their AT&T stock for AT&T Wireless shares when the parent company made that offer, also in 2001, the sale price, of course, stays the same, but the basis is somewhat more complicated.
This cruise should be called "the Shame of Norwegian Cruise Line."
Even as the magnitude of the job cuts, which GM hopes will save €500 million, or $620 million, by the end of 2006, became clear, Wolfgang Clement, the German economics minister, sought to nudge the public mood away from confrontation and toward problem-solving.
Our real communities, it has been said, are disintegrating.
Boston's victory evokes memories of my first love (the Dodgers) and the ecstasy of overcoming seeming insurmountable obstacles.
Tomorrow and Sunday from 4 to 7 p.m.
GOUSSELAND--Pierre, 82, a resident of Greenwich, CT, died Monday, December 13 in Greenwich Hospital due to complications of myelodisplastic syndrome.
And at 34, he is better than ever.
That signaled to the insurgents that the Americans had arrived.
Some 500 medical spas are among the 9,000 or so spas in the United States, says Eric Light, president of the International Medical Spa Association, and they represent the fastest-growing segment of the industry.
The Mortgage Bankers Association's measure of applications to refinance existing loans fell 2.6 percent, to 4,857.6, after reaching 4,988.7 the week before.
Nevertheless, private aviation is gaining business converts.
''The intent of the law is to help minority businesses, yet these are major corporations who wouldn't otherwise need help getting contracts,'' said Danielle Brian, executive director for the Project on Government Oversight, a Washington nonprofit group that studies military spending.
Immediately after the race, some incredible things happened.
''Imagine that you can no longer take any of your garbage out of the house,'' Dr. Langston of the Parkinson's Institute said.
He served in the 1990's, not the 1980's.
Their families may know they are gay, but their work colleagues do not.
Everybody can come to a weekday wedding.''
He graduated from Boston University and received an M.B.A. from Columbia.
"Here's one taxpayer pocket for property taxes and here's the other taxpayer pocket for income taxes, and there's one over here for sales taxes,'' Ms. Levin said.
"Sun Nation" has a delicate guitar part but urgent lyrics: "Haiti is our misfortune, Haiti is our happiness," she sings.
Hours for both galleries: Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays, 1 to 5 p.m.; Wednesdays, 1 to 9 p.m.; Sundays, 2 to 5 p.m.
He had been working for the Halliburton subsidiary Kellogg Brown & Root.
4 Wisconsin (9-0) at Michigan State (4-5) 3:30 P.M., ABC (Regional) The Badgers are still unbeaten and a big reason has been the emergence of the passing attack.
's office of medical affairs, told the House Energy and Commerce Committee.
And Compstat has been forced to evolve to fit departments with different traditions and cities with different problems.
The suit, filed in Los Angeles County Superior Court, says that his production company struck an oral agreement with Sherry Lansing, the chairwoman of Paramount, in early 2003 to produce "The Long Ride" and that Ms. Lansing unreasonably stalled until her husband, William Friedkin ("Rules of Engagement") could become available to direct it.
The characters are funny at times, plausible at times, although the sheer niceness of the rent boy makes it hard to worry about him in any crisis, however lurid.
The chief executive, Allen B. Salmasi, above, is taking the company private and will begin providing Internet services in Las Vegas and New York City.
Speakers emit an unintelligible, low-rumbling voice.
Visitors are strongly advised to book ahead.
Down in Greenwich Village or in Chelsea, Mr. Leatherbury says, ''You feel like a foreigner, someone who doesn't belong.''
''A federal mediator would be welcome,'' he said.
''That's what people don't understand.
The FleetBoston unit, Fleet Specialist, the third largest of the New York exchange's floor traders, will pay the second-biggest fine in the settlement.
Though it is impossible to know what Mr. Kerry is like when no one is watching him, observations on the campaign trail over several months, combined with interviews with politicians and aides who spend time by his side, help flesh out the one-dimensional portraits of Mr. Kerry as war hero or waffler proffered by the two sides' television advertisements.
But biographical tidbits could not make up for months in which opponents ran advertisements highlighting their backgrounds while Dr. Dean used commercials to sell message more than man.
has received A(H5N1) viruses isolated from a chicken in South Korea and from people and poultry in Vietnam, Dr. Cox said.
Also contributing was a 108 million gain from the July initial public offering of LG.Philips LCD, a producer of liquid crystal display screens.
Camden has taken a more mixed approach to the question of middle school.
Then, the eradication of malaria -- to which Tharus are believed to be immune -- drew in large numbers of hill migrants to claim Tharu lands.
Crushed, I dragged myself into the long room containing the permanent collection.
"And I also want to say this is the very first time that I have felt that God was in the White House."
The Knicks should have chips on their shoulders the size of Madison Square Garden.
It is not customary for a client to dash into our office under desperate circumstances and seek to hire a nanny or baby nurse on the spot.
Over a dinner of laghman (hand-pulled wheat noodles), kerdah (Uighur-style sesame bagels) and fresh local watermelon, I watched a crooner take the center of the restaurant and launch into folk melodies in Uighur, which sounds like a cross between Arabic and Russian.
The column also misstated the given name of a civil rights lawyer representing some detainees.
There were macabre Hollywood jokes.
''It evokes an image of a group of Americans isolated on a bus moving very quickly on a very tight schedule.''
The Pacers are seeded No.
With the White House having said on Friday that Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld would stay on for Mr. Bush's second term, Mr.
At Christmastime they could have the sign change to green and red.''
Our love and friendship is eternal.
"They said it was just a way of having me on the books," he said.
To put it another way, people who hear voices -- or who can't control themselves or follow even the most basic instructions -- become automatic candidates for punitive sanctions like solitary confinement.
''This latest ruling crystallized the amount, but not the timing,'' James Fenkner, head of research at Troika Dialog, a brokerage firm, said on Tuesday.
He also pledged that Russia would ''continue improving its economic institutions, budget policy, financial markets and banking sector,'' as well as promoting small and medium-size businesses.
Last week, there were only six songs by rock bands in Billboard's Top 40.
I saw what happened when the mill in my hometown closed that my own father worked at.''
Brad Halsey, the rookie who was beaten by the Mets on Saturday, has the third game.
Did we know people from Senegal in New York?
"I'm planning on being ready to play.
This season, a new crop of high-end hotels will join the increasingly crowded luxury field, with these four among the most anticipated, based on interviews with tourism industry sources.
He is Dr. John Breitner, not Breiten.
Today's settlement, which pertains to events that occurred in the 1990's, fully resolves all Warnaco-related S.E.C.
The last time he was in Giants Stadium, in last season's opener, he was sacked six times, lost three fumbles and was hospitalized with a concussion as the Giants won, 23-13.
Cavs center Zydrunas Ilgauskas killed the Knicks with 24 points, and forward Eric Williams added 22.
Al Trautwig knows about suffering -- after all, he broadcasts from Madison Square Garden in the winter -- but he has never ridden a bicycle up Huez.
The Commerce Department also reported that sales of new homes declined 1.7 percent in January, to a seasonally adjusted annual pace of 1.1 million, as winter weather affected some regions of the country.
In Peru, indigenous Andean women can spend their final weeks of pregnancy in professional health care centers, accompanied by their husbands, children and sometimes livestock, to reduce the chance of infant death.
Three major contributors in the secondary are also gone.
The continuing trauma of that chapter of Cambodian history threatens to sever the natural ties between generations.
B1 Taxi Drivers Fear Expansion A proposal to expand New York City's fleet of yellow cabs received a chilly welcome from taxi drivers, who fear that increased competition and fewer passengers will drive down their earnings.
6 Oklahoma on Sunday, that scene was telling, as the Huskies sped past the Sooners, who looked on helplessly.
"I don't know if I'll die tomorrow."
The structure of "The Ancestor's Tale" could have been better as well.
That is a huge ad budget for a product of any type, larger than for brands like Olay skin-care products and Tylenol pain relievers and just below the spending for the Acura and Saturn lines of automobiles.
720 Route 9, Cape May.
The president thought he could improve on the ending to his father's gulf war.
Not at all; he was an expert who was being very clever.
These peddlers do not need licenses and can set up shop as long as there is at least one vendor on the block with a blue permit.
The new character is ''a little bit of all the versions of Black Canary smashed into one'' in an attempt to take the best of each, Mr. Timm said.
Following government service he had longstanding business interests in Central America and Spain.
TSR's Profit Slips TSR Inc. (Nasdaq: TSRI) of Hauppauge, a provider of computer programming consulting services, said Monday that its profit had dropped about 10 percent for the fiscal year, which ended May 31, reflecting widespread price-cutting while sales and administrative costs rose at the same time.
says it expects the aircraft may be used for border patrol duties, inspecting power lines and other domestic purposes.
He unpacked the scooter and sped back into the night.
It is unclear what role Robinson would play with the Knicks.
''You are opening Pandora's box,'' Mr. Cordesman said.
That is because terror has never been a matter of a few hundred crazies who could be rounded up by the police and special forces.
The guest book, when checked in May, was being filled by empowered teenagers making their mark at the Museum of Modern Art.
They slog through the division series, the championship series and the so-called World Series, 19 games at most, tacked on to a regular season that was expanded to 162 games from 154 four decades ago.
For athletes, performance-enhancing drugs and techniques raise issues of health, fair play and, in some cases, legality.
Alia Faraj, a spokeswoman for the Florida secretary of state, Glenda Hood, said people who did not receive absentee ballots could still vote in person, at early-voting sites or on Election Day.
''Everybody who is anybody is in these two buildings,'' said Julian Schlossberg, a Democratic donor and theatrical producer who lives there.
"What's going on in the charitable sector is the feeling that there needs to be some level of reform, and maybe this does need to be regulated," said Julie Floch, a partner who handles nonprofit accounts at Eisner L.L.P., a Manhattan accounting firm.
Many of the book's contributors believe the privacy of the biological family should not be specially protected, that raising kids should be a privilege and not just a right.
Sam Kazman, general counsel of the Competitive Enterprise Institute, a libertarian group based in Washington, argues Accutane's risks are so widely known that no one can suggest women are taking it unawares.
A8 Pakistan Nuclear Investigation Pakistani investigators are looking into the real estate holdings and bank accounts of scientists involved in the country's nuclear program.
"This happened without them ever hearing my side," said Ms. Crisafulli, 32.
''The last time I was at Midway I thought that was worse than O'Hare,'' Mr. Petersen said.
''I just think he wants to do the best he can,'' Lezak said of Phelps.
But in practice, in this as in any administration, no information is guarded more closely.
The van Gogh, records show, was bought by the Perpetual Corporation, a holding company that is the parent of Allbritton Communications, which controls a television station and other media assets in Washington.
He sang, ''Oh come, oh come, Immanuel,'' the name he used as a street preacher.
Big symphonic statements by rock songwriters like Mr. McCartney, Joe Jackson and Trey Anastasio have been greeted with shrugs and skepticism from both the classical and pop camps.
23, 37, 41 and 42.
An article and a picture caption on Thursday about Adzharia, the renegade province in the former Soviet Georgia, misstated the title of a lawmaker, and a correction in this space yesterday referred to that official incorrectly.
request ourselves, because this was the first we had known that the military was shooting these pictures.''
Ms. MacManus said, describing attitudes toward Mr. Bush.
Hasbro's focus on its classic brands such as Transformers and G.I.
By pushing millions, albeit often brutally, from the rolls, welfare reform served to bring into stark relief the true contours of the issues and pathologies surrounding many of these families.
What will it take to get people to toe the line on recycling?
Criminals will go to the next house because it's easier.
The Chattanooga complaint said Mr. Phillips and his colleagues controlled and manipulated the information given to the pension board, keeping it in the dark about excessive fees and conflicts inherent in the recommendations they made to the fund.
Jeb Bush, a Republican and brother of President Bush.
In that case, the militias retreated even more swiftly.
The overall effect is a blend of the nearby Franklin Delano Roosevelt Memorial, with its series of sculptures, and the older, more self-contained memorials to the big three presidents.
Clemens did not claim to be 100 percent yesterday, but Garner saw him romp around during batting practice and knew that was a good sign.
It's always been done, but today there is more data.''
ChevronTexaco said yesterday that profit nearly doubled in the fourth quarter as prices of crude oil and natural gas soared, but its report raised questions about near-term production prospects.
And so are the jobs.
Funeral Mass February 14, 11AM at St. John's Catholic Chapel, North Salem NY.
On the other hand, art like this speaks for itself.
Myskina, after a close first set,raced through the second against Dementieva in just 24 minutes.
Mr. Annan did not specify the timing, composition, size or exact mandate of the mission, although diplomats in New York said they hoped the mission could go next week.
Evangeline Benedetti, another cellist, was reading the evening's program notes.
But that is bunk, said Geoffrey K. Pullum, a professor of linguistics at the University of California at Santa Cruz.
''The courthouse is awesome, in the traditional sense of the term,'' he said, meaning awe-inspiring.
When she died in 1985 at 36 under mysterious circumstances, she left behind mostly documentary photographs and short films.
Most of the Indians sold their prisoners to the French, who ransomed about 60 people back to the British over a three-year period.
MILE 553: CANYON DE CHELLY -- There's a sort of circus air at Canyon de Chelly (pronounced shay) National Monument.
Mr. Chamberlin and others expressed particular anger that when Mr. Cheney departed from Halliburton in 2000, he was too young to qualify for retirement benefits, but was granted a package worth millions of dollars anyway, through a special vote of the board.
He announced his candidacy, then, with reporters in tow, climbed on board a bus for a tour of the state.
A half-dozen managing directors are in Beverly Hills in addition to Ms. Kingsley.
In the early 1900's, a resort, Fort Comfort, briefly revived commerce with an ice cream parlor, bathing pavilions and casino along the river.
The bank has given Russia about $8.4 billion in loans since the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991.
Beloved mother, mother-in-law, and grandmother.
Happy not just to finally be a major league manager after having been brushed off by nearly a dozen other clubs, but particularly happy to be the Mets' manager.
Also on Saturday, two car bombs exploded in the town of Samarra north of Baghdad, killing eight people and wounding at least 20, police said.]
And there was more at stake than usual, since the the whole country was invited to attend via telecast, as part of the ''Live From Lincoln Center'' series.
A special shareholders' meeting is planned in November to complete this plan, the company said.
To persuade voters the second time, schools have trimmed their budgets, held public meetings, handed out fliers and sent their children home with notes pleading for support.
"Everyone told me the only way to get to college was through basketball," said Mr. Mitchell, a former star point guard on the Madison varsity team and a B student.
But he disagreed with what he called the defensive posture of some gay advocates.
Even so, Southwest's choice of Philadelphia caught some people in the industry off guard.
Roethlisberger is 3-0 as a starter, the fourth nonreplacement rookie quarterback since the N.F.L.
As the insurgency lengthens, the British world-weariness strikes a telling contrast with the more visionary perspective of American commanders.
Lengthy excerpts from "The Courage of Lassie," a 1946 tear-jerker starring the young Ms. Taylor, are shown without ironic subtext, and embellished with Mr. Weber's story of how the adult Ms. Taylor, at his request, telephoned and conversed for 45 minutes with a friend who was dying of AIDS.
Three years after Mr. Buntzman obtained the lease for the market, he became the subject of state and city investigations into whether he used political influence to get a sweetheart deal from the city.
It is not known precisely what interest federal investigators have in Hunter, a retired shot-putter, or what information he provided during a meeting on Tuesday in Raleigh, N.C., where he lives.
But most of the text will probably consist of words with neutral or very low rankings, dragging down the score and allowing the e-mail to go through.
International commercial flights coming into Mirabel were transferred back to Dorval in 1997, leaving Mirabel to handle only charter and cargo traffic.
The Dow Jones industrials plunged 107.88 points, to 9,894.45; the S.&P.
These days, I don't see the Dogme principles as so interesting, but I think, for some crazy reason, that these stupid rules generate some rather interesting movies.
In addition to his wife of 33 years, he is survived by his sister and brother-in-law, Marjorie and Dr. Joseph K. Perloff, and their two daughters, Nancy and Carey, all of California.
The executive, Joseph R. Bronson, will be succeeded by Nancy H. Handel, the deputy chief financial officer.
"Which daddy of yours is that?"
Unfortunately he's the more successful of the two, which brings female admirers in droves.
"I know the strengths and weaknesses of all of them, but I still use paper."
But within this creaky structure burns an illuminating fire of authentic guilt and pain (1:30).
in lieu of flowers, memorial donations may be sent to the American Cancer Society, 372 Danbury Road, Wilton, CT 06897 or the American Heart Assn., 2550 US Highway 1, North Brunswick, NJ 08902.
INTERESTINGLY, Geode Capital Management, a firm that Fidelity spun off last year but that manages certain of its index funds, voted in favor of expensing options.
That is the drama of solo riffs, of call-and-response interchanges, of daring high-wire improvisations.
He keeps a piece of 1879 Dresser wallpaper rolled up.
The school population has shrunk over the last five years, from 620 students in 1999, mainly because of ordinances that discouraged landlords from renting summer properties to families with children for the nonsummer months.
The answer seems to be that diners of that day simply liked spicy food.
Dr. Reiter: I recently reread Clinton's 1998 state of the union address and I've heard that the governor is looking to Clinton as a role model for how to get through a crisis like this.
"The city has never been able to afford this kind of retirement program.
Whether it was a pigeon calmly walking across a Berlin street, a political figure like the Russian journalist Karl Radek, executed by Stalinists in 1939, or of Grock the Clown, Lotte chose to photograph and document what she considered the morally legitimate world.
Reductions in all kinds of assistance, especially early on, ''were felt pretty sharply in New York,'' said Charles Brecher, research director of the Citizens Budget Commission, a business-supported policy group in the city.
North KEY TO WINNING DIVISION -- Over the past decade, a feeling of optimism has wound through Green Bays Lambeau Field, from fan to player and back again.
''I've always said the greatest gift that I can have is helping someone restore their life,'' he said, ''not hitting a grand slam.''
Had we managed to make it clear why all this mattered?
SEATTLE MARINERS--Recalled RHP J.J. Putz from Tacoma of the PCL.
The ultimate frustration, he adds, is when a rainbow seizes his bait on a carp lake.
The film will be shown on Channel 13 in New York on July 1, as part of the ''Reel New York'' series, and at the Jacob's Pillow Dance Festival this summer.
He said religious conflict should end, and that it is not ''for us'' to decide who is a good or bad Muslim, according to Mr. Sherpao.
The free pass given the author's allies of the moment -- Michael Moore, Joe Conason, Eric Alterman, Sidney Blumenthal -- calls into question his choice of targets like Thomas Friedman, Andrew Sullivan and my colleague Mickey Kaus, shrewder commentators with whom he simply disagrees.
Robert Silvers, co-editor of The New York Review of Books, called the book a crucial revision of postwar history and "an exceptional insight into the cold war establishment."
Throw in Eugene V. Debs, who ran better than any other Socialist in American history, and you have an unbeatable campaign story, which James Chace's lively and engrossing book ''1912'' fully captures.
All this points to troubling realities in the calculus of risk versus benefit.
As an artist, Gauguin had no direct disciples, but in other ways he had wide influence.
The State Department of Motor Vehicles said last week that its emissions testing program, which was shut down in April and scheduled to start again this month, will not resume until the middle of August at the earliest.
Mr. Swindells expects that soon after he completes this latest tour, he'll be called in at the last minute to pilot another multiday trip.
Hugh Jackman's shoulders must ache like the devil when he wakes up in the morning.
It was only two years ago (Aug. 9, 2002) that Bonds hit No.
"The gunman wanted to bring the soldiers toward him, and then detonate the bomb as they approached," said Capt.
There's no man interested only in sports, only in women, only in electronics.
Chase has opened 11 Small Business Resource Centers, nine in the New York region and two in Texas, to help small-business owners.
Pair a tweed jacket with a lacy camisole.
In a time when teams can go from losing seasons to the Super Bowl in one year, the Jets hope that their rapid turnover will make 2003 an aberration.
With Lily Koppel and Jamie Wallis
Blaine Wilson, a five-time national champion, was one of those looking away.
While Mr. le Carré uses his intimate knowledge of spies and spycraft to infuse the adventures of Mundy and Sasha during the cold war with suspense and verisimilitude, the story grows increasingly preposterous as they enter the post-cold-war era.
He was alive, awake, almost well again.
A pumpkin cheesecake was heavy going.
But critics and watchdog groups say the Taser could be used to torture suspects and prison inmates to extract confessions or taunt them, and Amnesty International has called for a ban on their use pending studies on their long-term effects.
Senator John Kerry of Massachusetts, the presumptive Democratic nominee for president, said in a statement that ''there are 2.8 million reasons why this White House needs to change its tune when it comes to standing up to China, and they are the 2.8 million manufacturing workers who have lost their jobs since George Bush took office.''
South of Ichabod's Landing, over the line in Tarrytown, plans are being developed for a mixed-use complex on 30 waterfront acres, also being designed by Mr. Chung.
These three-bedroom, one-and-a-half bath homes, generally about 1,200 to 1,500 square feet, are usually built on 50-foot-by-100-foot lots.
For starters, she will be presiding over a three-bedroom brick house in suburban Union County, rather than the 19-room Greek Revival governor's mansion, Drumthwacket, in Princeton.
''America honors all the liberators who fought here in the noblest of causes,'' Mr. Bush said.
And keep in mind that in some professions, like medicine, staying put for some time is crucial to building a practice.
Mr. Cheney said that 900,000 small businesses would be affected by the Kerry proposal to raise taxes on individuals with incomes of more than $200,000.
Despite the add-ons, ''the resale value doesn't go up,'' said Toby Ristau, manager of the J. C. Whitney aftermarket shop in LaSalle, Ill., where most customers are under 25 -- and 80 percent of the parts are built for Hondas.
The plans for the Garden still face hurdles, including necessary approvals from the city.
His choice, Prince Sihamoni, 51, has been as absent from the country's affairs as his father has been dominant.
The victims -- women, children, the elderly -- were honored, but demands for justice were brushed aside.
Academic experts, led by Dr. Williams, a native North Carolinian who grew up on a tobacco farm, were given the job of choosing technologies for evaluation, judging their technical merits and figuring their costs.
The agreement involves the cozy deal-making that often characterizes pork-barrel politics with lawmakers from both parties insisting on breaks for hometown industries in return for their support of the overall measure.
The Timberwolves' victory ended the Lakers' string of playoff victories in elimination games at 12 in a row, the last 11 of which had come on their first opportunity to put way an opponent.
Benchmarks: Uses style and structure appropriate for specific audiences and purposes; Writes persuasive compositions (CTSS – ‘english’, ‘6-8’, ‘1’) Language Arts Standard 7- Demonstrates competence in the general skills and strategies for reading a variety of informational texts.
Plavix, the antistroke medicine, and Avapro, a blood pressure pill, are two of Sanofi's top-selling drugs.
"I killed the children," she said.
''He could not only parody the songwriting style and the syntax of a specific musician or lyricist, but his orchestration could also do that.
Lucas set aside the zucchini.
Peter McPherson, the president of Michigan State University, who led the first team sent to Iraq to revitalize the economy, has been under consideration for several years and has been seen in Washington an awful lot of late.
Or a child's chatter may prove to be an overwhelming distraction, though Lincoln Center programs tend to be fun for the entire family.
His repertory includes the New Victory Theater and Central Synagogue.
The members of Shelter Rock Tennis Club record with great sorrow the passing of our esteemed member Burt Scheinman.
They are cooks and teachers, college students and salespeople.
''I don't think you can blame anybody else but the head coach,'' he said.
The HBO show was widely praised for its writing, performances and western verisimilitude.
For 60 years Joe, a self made "legend," an innovator in the watch industry, earned the respect and admiration of his colleagues.
They seemed to be an unlikely pair speaking on what seemed an unlikely topic -- genocide -- for a group of teenagers munching on sandwiches and rustling snack wrappers.
The department often took weeks or months to discharge the screeners, the report found.
Last year, 15 foundations formed the Central New Jersey Education Foundation Partnership, which will send students from 10 districts to a seminar on international relations and globalization sponsored by Princeton University.
These details are meant to reflect certain values, Ms.
Peter Glazier, who opened the restaurant in 1998 with his wife, Penny Glazier, calls them the first family of Grand Central.
While South Korea is renowned for having nearly universal high-speed Internet access, highway speeds can be torturous.
I used to imagine that my work would be discovered after I am dead, but it's much nicer to be recognized in one's lifetime.
The situation is worse elsewhere in the borough.
Like Christopher Bailey, the designer at Burberry, he is a product of the Gucci boot camp.
He said that the investigation of athletes implicated in the steroids case involving the Bay Area Laboratory Co-Operative represented a ''unique situation.''
To the Editor: I was so moved by Anne Rice's article about diabetes (Women's Health section, June 6).
How she has managed to endure the broken rhythm of rehearsal -- wait, repeat, discuss -- for so many years is a minor miracle, physically speaking.
Loving fatherin-law of Stephen Elbert, Paul Pervil and Carolyn Schwartz.
A lot has happened to Bentley since then.
His exuberant good nature will be greatly missed by his many friends.
Its bankruptcy financing, already extended once, runs out at the end of this year, and it needs to come up with at least $2 billion to emerge on its own.
''In sports, you love challenges,'' Scott Drew said from the Baylor campus in Waco, Tex.
Unlike the Harvard site, both required that I undergo a free registration process.
''He would pick the cases that had the largest verdict potential,'' said Dewey W. Wells, a former state court judge who litigated against Mr. Edwards as a defense lawyer.
Eurides Echavarria can stand in front of his business, a secondhand store under the elevated train tracks along Broadway near Arion Place, and point out the reasons people wouldn't want to move there.
''Some people are disquieted by change.
IZAK SENBAHAR, a developer of luxury condominiums in Manhattan, was commenting this week that neighbors should not complain about a glass tower overlooking the Hudson River that he is planning.
''I've heard Coach Dungy talk about how Peyton has done a good job sticking with his reads.
DreamWorks even initially passed on its own coming Will Ferrell comedy, ''Anchorman,'' which it helped develop.
Physicians said patients were contacting them with their concerns.
But George Sard, chairman of Citigate Sard Verbinnen, a crisis communications firm, said Pfizer was making a mistake by trying to keep Celebrex on the market.
The ruling by the Quebec Court of Appeal follows similar decisions last year in British Columbia and Ontario.
Carroll called himself ''a West Coast guy operating in a West Coast environment.
He graduated from St. Joseph's University and received an M.B.A. from the University of North Carolina.
To the Editor: Knowing how much to push oneself to the extreme and knowing when to stop is crucial in mountain travel.
MINUSES -- The surrounding intrigue is jumbled and barely comprehensible.
Because they never learn that the tangent is the thing that really controls events.''
"You might have activists now on the right who want to ferret out gay people and those on the other side who are gay but don't want to live a double life anymore."
What if Rivers had reported to camp on time?
The band's debut album, ''Franz Ferdinand'' (Domino/Epic) was a big hit in Britain, and this week it climbed 10 spots to No.
Allison signed for a $1.85 million bonus.
"There may well be lawsuits with players against fans and fans against players," Stern said.
One, dated about 1878, was a large oil of the Resolute, a New York Yacht Club schooner, heading around Castle Garden (a building that once stood near the Battery in lower Manhattan).
Mr. Spitzer is urging the 32 restaurants and clubs that use Royal Flush to put the attendants on their payroll, as many prestigious restaurants have done for years.
Others sat in their winter clothes behind windbreaks, portable plastic shelters that are as much a part of the British beachgoing experience as fleece jackets, extra sweaters and thermoses of hot tea.
''Against the Ropes,'' a Paramount picture starring Meg Ryan as a tough Detroit boxing promoter who drags her discovery (Omar Epps) into the big time, makes its DVD debut with a handful of extra features; this is one case where the alternative version should have been a seriously shortened -- say half an hour -- version of this poundingly predictable film.
Part of the magic of the Seagram Building is to have the Four Seasons restaurant downstairs.''
I played with him long enough to know how he is.
The Beatles took a different view.
Effort The Internal Revenue Service won a round in an effort to require an investment firm in Pennsylvania to turn over documents in connection with a questionable tax shelter it administered.
Huber is a talented kid, with great plate presence, who's getting some confidence.
Arthur Sulzberger Jr., the publisher of The Times, said the paper would move to quash the subpoena to Ms. Miller, issued at the behest of Patrick J. Fitzgerald, the special prosecutor heading the investigation.
''When I go home at night,'' Mr. Flannery said, ''I like to think that they're all in there talking to each other.''
The scans can also spot danger spots in the arteries that might be missed by an angiogram.
''They probably concluded that given how little they collect, the cost was not all that much,'' he said.
Yet this dazzling performer never comes close to crashing, providing the essential helium in a show not otherwise endowed with much lightness.
An asterisk (*) indicates that a book's sales are barely distinguishable from those of the book above.
When the ink on the document was further analyzed in January of this year, the agent reported, Mr. Stewart was consulted two or three times, but again, he did not perform the analysis himself.
Describing the look as ''kind of 1960's prep-school American,'' he combined madras with rugby shirts and other preppy elements in a tableau that recalled the all-American jocks of Abercrombie & Fitch, seen through Mr. van Noten's geek-chic looking glass.
"You might have to come in fast," Ellison said.
Selling shoes imbued with an anticorporate message is a new kind of activist movement, he said, calling it "culture jamming."
Although the spotlight shines on Democratic convention beginning on Monday in Boston, Mr. Kerry will keep a light schedule, one event a day, so he can save hours to hone his acceptance speech, on Thursday.
A sharp, punchy skyline just breaks over the bottom edge, giving way to a wide open piece of blue.
After that, Juvenile never quite became the mainstream hip-hop star some of us were hoping he'd become, but he made an unlikely comeback this year with "Slow Motion," a similarly backside-obsessed track based on a hypnotic guitar figure.
''They are stopped and searched and arrested, but if you keep the figures on how many are convicted, you can see that few of them are,'' he said.
The rainy season is roughly from October to early December.
Even in the House, where the Republican margin is greater and the discipline stronger, the president cannot expect a rubber stamp.
Perhaps most important, there's a poison pill of sorts.
He has a doctorate in mathematics, but he spent the next 18 months searching fruitlessly for full-time work.
Academic Content Standards: Grades 6-8 Science Standard 1- Understands basic features of the Earth.
"I'm not used to playing someone else.
In the first volume, the Fantastic Four received their powers.
Some people want to get agitated.''
''Code enforcement is supposed to be enforcing the town or village code, and in the case of the villages of Old Field and Patchogue, they voted in the county police department and the county charter says we are the police agency for those areas.''
Al Sharpton, who was protesting baseball's record for hiring blacks in white-collar positions.
Since its founding by Angus Browner in 1935, the festival, in the picturesque town of Ashland, Ore., had produced a steady stream of Shakespeare before branching out to embrace other authors -- even contemporary ones -- during the 1960's.
What he called his ''dance on canvas'' featured maniacal, mesmerizing movement, but he regarded the sermons he shouted over the music while he painted as his main mission.
Exhibitor Relations, which tracks the box office, said "The Forgotten," a Julianne Moore thriller that was last week's top film, fell to third place with a take of $12 million.
Robert D. Liodice, president and chief executive of the advertiser association, said the committee, which is to meet April 29, would focus on proposals in two areas -- limiting deal making to scheduled daytime hours by introducing a ''closing bell'' and changing when the negotiations take place.
''Most of the new looks are really sweet and innocent,'' said Liz Lange, a designer of maternity wear.
There were claims of relentless abuse by his unstable mother -- hit, pepper thrown in his face, tossed out in his underwear to sleep in the stairwell.
Most of the killings involved Afghan police officers or soldiers being killed in ambushes, attacks or clashes with Taliban forces in rural areas in the south and east.
The new generations who read them may not care about their biographical underpinnings the way we did in the 60's, but they will care about their strength and craft.
A starry-eyed lass fresh off the bus has to step in for the diva at the last minute.
So it's one down and 18 to go in the storied rivalry.
It took barely 30 seconds for me to pass through it.
Secretary of State Colin L. Powell, leaving for India, declined to respond publicly to the Socialists' victory, and the White House drafted a positive-sounding statement saying President Bush looked forward to working with José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero, the Socialist leader who will now become prime minister.
So Dot went alone the next day to a shoe market and got lonely and depressed and chatted up, but managed to buy some nice shoes also.''
There is a moment of discomfort when they hand over a credit card at a store, but there have been few bad scenes.
Last Chance ''DEPRESSION-ERA PRINTS AND PHOTOGRAPHS,'' New York Public Library, Fifth Avenue and 42nd Street, (212) 869-8089, through tomorrow.
Little Rock has failed to measure adequately the progress of black pupils and has to remain under court supervision for at least two more years, a judge ruled.
''To say to an otherwise healthy person to go start taking statins right now would be imprudent,'' said Dr. Monica Morrow of Northwestern Memorial Hospital in Chicago.
When City Hall closed Tuesday afternoon, more than 2,600 licenses had been issued to same-sex couples over five days, and city officials had invited couples waiting in line to return on Wednesday.
does not generally like the practice, known as netting, but said it was standard in the world of private equity firms and hedge funds.
There, the well-spoken minister delivered an elaborate PowerPoint presentation challenging Charles Darwin's theories.
Marcelo Games's Manson, a gentle-seeming hippie prone to abrupt fits of rage, hardly seems capable of inspiring the murder of five innocent people.
The police fired tear gas and used batons to disperse the crowd.
"It was not me," she said.
"He always treated me well, always gave me a little part in whatever he did."
It's so unusual for an advertiser, let alone a beer company, to bother with this crowd that what happened next is almost sad: younger people, ages 28 to 49, started buying the beer.
To the casual customer, Egidio's may represent little more than a familiar old favorite with a reasonable menu and a loyal clientele.
One hundred evangelical leaders signed a statement denouncing it.
Bradway said that signing Pennington to a seven-year contract extension last week was a priority, one that might have offered him some perspective on his own contract situation.
''It's a little different when you're No.
"I remember when I got close to my record, I pressed, then I got mad, then I got frustrated.
As a child he spoke Yiddish and German, Ruthenian and Romanian.
Baseball officials were so eager to pull off the complex deal that they lent Loria $38 million, much or all of it designed to be interest free, to add to the $120 million Loria received for the Expos.
He was creative director, not art director.
Instead, they kept their sights on Manhattan.
His return reunites him with Mickser (Jamie Foreman), who was Davey's protector and best friend and who becomes Will's sidekick, his anxious emotionalism providing a counterpart to Mr. Owen's limitless sang-froid.
She has been denounced as a subversive.
None of which quite explains the character of Shylock, or dispels the taint of blood libel from the play -- an impossibility in any case.
I can put him in a Mercedes and put myself in local garb, but if I do that the Geneva Conventions say I lose my rights and protections.
-------------------- Immigrant Faces Gun Charge PORTLAND, Ore., June 10 (AP) -- A Lebanese immigrant linked by prosecutors to an Oregon terrorism cell was charged Thursday with possessing a machine gun, shortly before he was to be deported after serving prison time for other weapons counts.
When Michaels sat West, she defended three spades as shown when North was more cautious.
But the reality is, who's going to buy it?"
PUFFIN CULTURAL FORUM ''Shocked and Awed: Iraqi Children Depict Operation Iraqi Freedom.''
What do we know today?
''But when he does what is right, he should get the credit for it.''
Plantard's hoax was debunked by a series of (as yet untranslated) French books and a 1996 BBC documentary, but curiously enough, this set of shocking revelations hasn't proved as popular as the fantasia of ''Holy Blood, Holy Grail,'' or, for that matter, as ''The Da Vinci Code.''
He also said Simrandeep had apologized to the congregation and would perform community service to the temple as punishment.
To roaring applause, he said: ''To those of you who felt disappointed or angry with the outcome in 2000, I want you to remember all of those feelings.
The first couple to be married were Ms. Greenleaf and her partner of 17 years, with Ms. Sangrey officiating.
Russian airlines also have flights to Seoul from these cities.
Besides his son, a Houston resident, and his daughter, Becky, of Tulsa, Mr. Hargis is survived by his wife, Betty Jane, whom he married in 1951; two daughters, Bonnie Jane Choisnard and Brenda Jo Epperley, both of Tulsa; 11 grandchildren; and 4 great-grandchildren.
With its view of the Manhattan skyline and its live, intimate acoustics, this barge floating gently on the East River is one of the finest places in the city to hear chamber music.
On Wednesday, the cargo was being off-loaded onto another vessel.
In its licensing submissions before the operation was approved, the Energy Department called the French transportation methods "comparable to those used in the U.S. for land transportation."
The more e-mail, Web links and attached files lodged in their computer systems, the harder it can be for people to find what they really want.
Value managers have been tempted to dip into the growth-stock group because it has become surprisingly cheap, while value stocks have become quite expensive.
And remember, there's a lot more in Queens.
The Druse chieftain, Walid Jumblatt -- whose three Progressive Socialist Party ministers cast the only opposing votes -- was so outraged he demanded that the memorabilia of his assassinated father, Kamal Jumblatt, be moved out of a museum at the presidential summer palace.
''It's premature for anyone to leave,'' Mr. Hanson said.
Then he added pepper, cayenne and aniseed, along with sodium nitrate and sodium nitrite as curing agents.
''We will use all necessary legal means to seek justice,'' she said.
Add vinegar, vegetable broth, honey and thyme.
The chief of the United States Park Police, Teresa C. Chambers, who was told last month that she would be fired for violating federal rules regarding public statements on budget and staffing issues, has rejected a proposal from the National Park Service that would have dropped all charges against her.
Any increase in the underlying stock, therefore, means a potential gain for the option holder.
The gestures recall Scriabin but replace Scriabin's sensuality with something chaste, almost innocent.
But then, in a nation that worships youth, why should politics be any different, particularly in Connecticut where issues have pretty much given way to a chummy mutual nonaggression pact of mutual back scratching?
Commentators and musicologists compete with some shrillness over Shostakovich's undeclared messages and coded political resistance, but perhaps it was best to listen and absorb beautiful music almost reluctant to speak to us at all.
According to the institute, he worked in its mathematics department in the field of applied mathematics for a number of years.
Today, Johnson says he would have done only one thing differently that night: ''I wouldn't have turned the music down.''
People have even come to his office with newspaper in hand, he said, and asked if what they have is depression.
And Marcos came with 8 and Somoza with 12!''
A Harvard scholar tries to save the Vatican from the machinations of an underground society.
He has also noticed spouses who make introductions, then hover while their unemployed partners try to talk business with the new contacts.
''The Village'' took in an estimated $16.5 million this weekend, for a cumulative box office of $86 million.
They may also be tinged by a certain nostalgic ruefulness about what Modernism promised but failed to fully deliver (Johnson).
Mr. DiLeonardo then went to his mother's residence and reported the murder, prosecutors said.
"It's none of their business," one of them said with scorn.
Eury decided to take advantage of the fact that Earnhardt was on pit road for his final stop when a yellow flag came out for a crash involving Sterling Marlin and Bobby Labonte.
Yet what Russians themselves actually want in a leader today is less clear than ever.
Ricoh is an official sponsor of the series.
(That number seemed implausible, given the silent streets.)
In a 2003 survey conducted for AARP, 68 percent of workers age 50 to 70 said they expected to continue to work or never retire at all.
I sometimes tell him: ''You take your insulin.
''None of the findings have recurred.''
At an interest rate of 5.25 percent, which will remain set for seven years, he feels he has taken a conservative stance, combining a large amount of equity with the lower rate and flexible payment structure provided by an ARM.
Op-Ed Contributor Robert Guest, Africa editor for The Economist, is the author of "The Shackled Continent: Power, Corruption and African Lives."
It's just that saying 'I'm sorry' sometimes is not enough.''
6.07 6.07 6.29 Municipal bds.
Mr. Bush benefited in 2000 from low expectations against Mr. Gore.
It stands in chilling contrast to reforms taking place within Muslim communities nationwide.
Some New Yorkers, like Meredith Hackett, a 25-year-old barmaid in Brooklyn, said they didn't even know any people who had voted for President Bush.
Without a new deal, next season could be delayed or canceled by a lockout.
Speaking on the NBC News program ''Meet the Press'' on Sunday, Dr. Dean said he did not blame his campaign staff for the spending.
On Sunday afternoon, before the American offensive in Kufa, General Kimmitt said it was unclear why insurgents were still attacking American soldiers.
Germany has a large Turkish population that has been growing in recent decades.
She is a member of the Ivy eating club, the most notorious of Princeton's social clubs, renowned for its hard-drinking ways, and her teachers said she was a pleasure to deal with amid a scrum of careerist young students.
They now occupy a floor of the Whitney Museum.
At the liquor store on the Maple Valley Highway, the closest business to Mr. Thompson's slapdash home under an old railroad trestle, a sign now says, "Jeff's Killers' Caught!
Mr. Moore may also have to defend his portrayal of Mr. Bush's presidency as sinking prior to Sept. 11, citing an inability to win support for his legislation.
''It takes no teeth out of it,'' he said.
Tonight at 6 and Thursday at 9 p.m. at Alice Tully Hall, Lincoln Center, 165 West 65th Street, as part of the 42nd New York Film Festival.
So if the disengagement from the Gaza Strip does go forward, the most likely outcome is a repeat of the Israeli withdrawal from northern Sinai in 1982, during which everything that could be carted off from Israeli settlements was removed and everything else was razed.
"One of the reasons that people have a bad time at retreats is that they collude," he said.
He described President Bush as more positive toward the managed care companies than is Senator John Kerry, the presumptive Democratic nominee for president.
As lingering questions get answered, however, the impression grows that Flight 327 was an example of how, in a general atmosphere of fear, cultural misperceptions can create big trouble.
''I think the people of the world should watch carefully and listen carefully, presume he's innocent if you will, and let the Iraqi people through their courts decide,'' he said.
Reporters were barred from the area and did not see the loading of detainees into the trucks.
''People sit in front of screens too much and don't talk to each other.
And relatively intact fetuses can be used in autopsies, which can help in the planning of further pregnancies.
His archive yields the play, a few novellas and scattered other pieces, but Kingbitter senses a "yawning gap": "Something is missing.
Previews at the Kerr are to begin on Nov. 4, and Mr. Mordecai said neither the previews nor the opening night would be delayed.
Those remarks upset the judge, Edward M. Coleman, who ordered them stricken from the record.
The cameras, some stationary and some mobile, send signals back to his command post, allowing patrols to track approaching vessels.
''Harold and Kumar Go to White Castle'' is rated R (Under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult guardian).
The New York office of LISC, an organization serving 35 cities nationwide, opened in 1979.
We've got a code blue.
The central scene of ''Das Nusch-Nuschi'' (1920), a comic opera about castration, illustrates sex: one man having sex with four women, all of whom happen to be married to others, while the orchestra plays suggestive dances.
Returning to the United States, Kadish spent a couple of years in New York, where he painted the three untitled works from the mid-1940's that are included here.
This gives an acknowledgment that the task is being completed.
We've increased Pell grants by a million students.
He was in other prisons before winding up in Attica, where tensions crackled because of overcrowding and policies like giving inmates one roll of toilet paper a month.
In the afterglow of 1996, women were on their way to endorsement riches, but this year not one female, not even Venus or Serena Williams, hit the Forbes magazine list of the 50 best-paid athletes.
"No one ever feels dumb."
Generally, construction engineers avoid blasting at night, partly for safety reasons and partly because extensive lighting is usually needed, a luxury in power-starved North Korea.
In a paper accepted by Applied Animal Behavior Science, Dr. Walker describes how George correctly found melanomas on six of seven patients.
''I don't think anybody thinks I'm capable, including me,'' he said.
Javal S. Davis and Staff Sgt.
Some mining companies lost one-fifth of the value of their stock before it became clear the plan was just a draft.
In normal circumstances, this would be a moment for the United States to step in and serve as mediator.
In many ways, he is a baseball contradiction -- a leadoff hitter with home-run power who frequently strikes out and has an uppercut swing.
The shoreline property, where the new shingle-style houses on lots of about a third of an acre start at $1.8 million and go up to more than $3 million, was once the site of the Riviera Beach Club, said Fraydun Manocherian, whose family bought the property in the 1990's.
But the similarities end there.
He says that he bought the 55,000-square-foot house as well as another smaller mansion and 250 lovely acres for $8 million.
He did not share the proceeds.
The snubbing of small stocks was reflected in the performance of the major indexes.
The discounter had forecast a gain of 2 percent to 4 percent from a year earlier.
I pay for it by changing the relationship with the banks.
h. How are some towns trying to maintain the cranberry tradition in the area?
; yarn from D&T Spinning in Ludlow, Vt.; cowhide from Tennessee Tanning in Tullahoma, Tenn. Its operations are a harbinger of a pending free-trade accord between Costa Rica and the United States; negotiations on that agreement, expected to bring more such ventures to Costa Rica, are in their final stages.
C2 Business Digest C1 World Business W1 EDITORIAL A24-25 Editorials: Afghanistan votes; the menace from avian flu; Congress gives away the store.
The Federal Trade Commission declared yesterday that a ''do not e-mail list'' modeled after the immensely popular ''do not call list'' would not be effective, suggesting such a list might help spammers find legitimate e-mail addresses.
It could have been worse for the Nets, of course.
You might gain two feet at each pump, which means a lot of work to bring up a big fish from a depth of 200 or 300 feet.
Certainly, allies remain reluctant to engage more with Iraq.
So did the Hilton sisters, Nicky and Paris, the American Idol runner-up Clay Aiken and the wrestler The Rock.
Since then, the practitioners have ranged from Art Spiegelman, who won a Pulitzer Prize for his Holocaust narrative "Maus," to Chris Ware, who portrayed two generations of fatherless boys in "Jimmy Corrigan."
But he played Friday night against Seattle, scoring 8 points on 3-of-10 shooting in 24 minutes as the Nets sustained their eighth consecutive defeat, 92-79.
At around 20 years old, she was too young to attract me, but a Raven who was Mariely plus another 15 years would suit me very well indeed.
But as investors await the Labor Department's release of the April figures tomorrow morning, he is sticking to his guns, forecasting a slim gain of 95,000 jobs.
Eminem, dressed as Mr. Jackson, is sitting on the edge of a king-size bed covered with red satin sheets.
Approximately 9,000 skiiers will compete in the Birkie and other shorter races.
Samsung agreed to modify its rebate program and pay New York State $50,000 to cover the cost of the investigation.
On the other side is Oksnehallen, a huge weathered gray brick hall, built in 1901; until the 1960's, cattle were kept there before being slaughtered in the meat-packing buildings (Kodby, or Meat City) alongside.
The tulip-petal flanges could replace side rails used by the handicapped or the elderly to push themselves up from the seat.
He refers to his lunches with Chuck Grodin, better known as Charles.
Even so, real privacy concerns have emerged.
''The downside of it, of putting your client on, is that you give the prosecution a chance to replay for the jury some of its best proof,'' a lawyer said.
And this process is continuing, with approval of the grant expected soon.
The reason for the astounding discrepancy between nominal tax increases and actual tax increases is because Rye's equalization rate - a number determined by New York State - declined 16 percent, to 2.64 for 2003 from 3.14 for 2002.
All this is fodder for debate.
I don't know of anybody in the world that works harder than Peyton to be successful.
Founded in 1995 by Neil Ieremia, a young dancer and choreographer, Black Grace is an all-male ensemble of six dancers of Pacific Island and Maori descent.
Ms. Sack that Ms. Mahon-Powell fell 25 credits short of earning her undergraduate degree but returned to Hunter in the fall of 1979 as a nonmatriculated graduate student in education.
He has repeatedly stopped short of using it, in part to avoid making the Khartoum government more intransigent, the officials said.
She said: 'I think you should know, Mum, at this time in my life I don't do culture.
There were no arrests yesterday in either case.
We will be visiting Dominica Feb. 12 to 19.
He took one look at my teeth and told me I ground them so fiercely at night that three were near breaking.
Those tension-filled subway rides in the spring of 1972 are still easily recalled by many of Dr. Milgram's former students scattered across the country.
Today, the Neediest Cases begins its 93rd annual fund-raising campaign, which will run through Jan. 31.
For all the attention focused on the investigations, regulators have yet to address broader issues that are likely to put more money back in investors' pockets -- and have a heftier impact on fund companies' bottom lines.
Solana: That is also the case today.
There is no substitute, they say, for unembalmed flesh in teaching a doctor how to perform laparoscopic or arthroscopic surgery, or how to repair a heart valve.
She and Mr. Ruffalo skulk around each other in a dance of petty resentment and maladroit tenderness, which climaxes in one of the most lacerating and believable scenes of imploding love since Diane Keaton and Albert Finney fell apart in ''Shoot the Moon.''
He hit a two-run homer off Pedro Martínez in the sixth inning Wednesday night.
''When you get it going like that,'' Bean, a winner of 11 tournaments on the PGA Tour, said of his five straight birdies, ''you want to make five more.
I went for the Cloud Nine treatment ($165), involving a one-hour massage, a one-hour facial and a manicure.
The doors opened to modern-looking cars, with cushioned seats arranged singly or in pairs.
Those who voluntarily surrender should be allowed to return to their country and remain there until the trial begins."
The Securities and Exchange Commission sued three former executives at Gemstar-TV Guide International yesterday, accusing them of helping to mislead investors about the company's financial performance.
The key is multiple layers or a thick layer of tightly sealed air.
And a white male comes back into town.
New heroes and heroines emerge every couple of years, with only some of the historical knowledge that the longtime fans retain.
An earlier version of the bill, a direct challenge to Roe v. Wade that would probably have wound up in the Supreme Court, had already passed in the House and Senate.
In accepting the company's invitation, Mr. Tenet joined a list of people who had spoken at the conferences, including Mr. Powell, Rudolph W. Giuliani and Senators Joseph R. Biden Jr., Democrat of Delaware, and Olympia J. Snowe, Republican of Maine.
The problems grew so severe that commanders began issuing cellular phones to troopers.
Their main activities may have taken place in the dark, but both spots shone in the sun's absence.
Microsoft has said publicly it will soon offer a better search function for PC's.
In an interview, Dr. Turner elaborated on those concerns.
Gordon walked Jose Cruz Jr. to load the bases.
She is not shy about hitting the streets in costume, big pink pearls, pillbox hat and all.
The least familiar of the works are three little tableaus made of cutout photographs in which Ms. Sherman plays each of the characters.
"I get to push most clients but she pushes me."
''One day does not a cease-fire make.
Most important, many Europeans now believe that shorter hours, once seen as a way of spreading work among more people, have done little to ease unemployment.
INVESTORS are rewarding mutual fund companies that run a clean ship.
Pretty Lady in this house?''
Life Member of SAE & AMS.
MR. CHENEY -- Your rhetoric, senator, would be a lot more credible if there was a record to back it up.
''He's thrilled,'' Mr. Moors said.
Senator Reed said the Defense Science Board study found "inadequate total numbers of U.S. troops" and "a lack of long-term endurance."
Recently he has become involved in philanthropic efforts that include restoring monasteries like the one in Solovki, according to a Russian magazine called Who Is Who.
So far, as nonbelievers wonder at it all, no lawmaker has dared own up to authorizing use of a Congressional sanctuary for such a ludicrous traducing of self-government.
Stir tomatoes, wine and broth into vegetables.
''This is really about broadening the base,'' said Eric D. Rudder, a senior vice president.
MCCARTER THEATER CENTER "Last of the Boys," drama about the reunion of soldiers who served in Vietnam by Steven Dietz.
''The key to getting it off,'' Ms. Menzel says, ''is a hot shower with Neutrogena, a wash rag and a lot of scrubbing.''
The injury sidelined Pennington for three games.
"We know that there is widespread unhappiness in the country about the failures of the clerical regime," Mr. Feith said of Iran at a Pentagon news conference on June 4, 2003.
Calling members is not against the association's new guidelines, but they do bar providing gifts to members or soliciting ''members' opinions about films.''
He graduated from the Military Academy at West Point and received an M.B.A. from M.I.T.
''There were more older and part-time students, who didn't necessarily need housing.
And it wrangled with its stewards.
Starting Thursday morning, for instance, federal judges conducting sentencing hearings had to decide whether to ignore the federal sentencing guidelines entirely, to rely on only those aggravating factors that had been proved to the jury or to carry on as before pending definitive guidance from higher courts.
In retrospect, voters are entitled to question the rosy prognoses.
First, the electronic image stabilizer doesn't work very well.
had to cut its labor costs, quickly and substantially, if it wanted to have a viable European business.
He adds, ''When kids don't participate, they don't get nothing out of it, and when they don't get nothing out of it, they don't learn any skills that they said they were getting to go out in the real world and use them to have a better life.
Under an obscure section of New York State law, those sworn in as citizens after the registration deadline are allowed to register in person at the Board of Elections headquarters in their county until 10 days before the election, or next Saturday, according to Jerome A. Koenig, a retired chief of staff of the Assembly's Election Law Committee.
In an interview, Mr. Chalabi said he saw himself as the broker between the Islamists and the Americans, as the man who can reassure each about the other.
In response, the panel said the state was "refusing to squarely address" the issue and essentially adopted the plaintiffs' proposals whole.
For many years his Fifth Avenue apartment was a mecca for collectors and librarians drawn to early printed books, medieval manuscripts, fine period bindings and literary and musical autographs.
''Hospital visitation rights -- why wouldn't I want that?''
The music may be rented for $2 a concert.
Before this performance Lutz Rath, the festival's music director and a cellist in the chamber orchestra, explained that because of cuts in support from the city and the state, the musicians had had only minimal rehearsal time.
''The problem with Long Island is not the attractiveness,'' he said.
That sense of ownership, he said, explains why he and thousands of other striking casino workers are still out there after nearly a month.
A five-year note and a 10-year note are being auctioned tomorrow and Thursday.
Born in Ahmedabad, in the Indian state of Gujarat, Ms. Desai, 54, is the daughter of Nirubhai Desai, a newspaper editor.
While it is a Democratic territory, the 34th State Senate District, which horseshoes around the northern Bronx and includes portions of Westchester County, is decidedly moderate to conservative in its political leanings.
"Well," Mr. Kerry replied, "I know -- I've learned not to do that."
But, he said, to hold Mr. Seselj in contempt of court would probably be counterproductive.
''Iran used to be the heart of the Silk Road,'' President Mohammad Khatami said at the ribbon-cutting in February, according to state media.
It would have let governors limit states' reimbursements to lawyers who won suits on behalf of disabled children and would have let schools remove disabled children who violated codes of conduct, whether or not their misbehavior was related to medical conditions.
But he is uncomfortably employed here as a straw man, a fanatic whom the audience can only deride as he sputters ideas that may retain currency in ultraconservative circles but naturally inspire scornful laughter in theatergoers.
Now age 52, Mr. Kriegman is at work re-establishing both his personal life and his professional one.
The shelves are stacked with vinegars and jellies, fizzy waters and pastes, peppercorns, juniper berries and 29 kinds of olive oil.
''I'm a contrarian at heart, so I like large caps now more than ever,'' said John Montgomery, manager of the Calvert Large Cap Growth fund.
After the Nets fell behind by 12 points in the first half, Frank charged into the locker room, apologized for calling too many plays that resulted in perimeter jumpers and instructed his team to pound the ball inside.
The United States Anti-Doping Agency said an arbitration panel would review the determination before it became official.
Mitchell Pally Vice President Long Island Association Commack
The Americans have produced photos showing seized guns, bomb detonators, foreign passports and other such evidence found at the site, at the village of Makr al-Deeb.
In his statement, Judge Pickering, 67, said the bitter fight over his nomination threatened judicial independence.
Societies throughout history have recognized the hazards of groupthink and made arrangements to guard against it.
In creating "The Temptation of St. Anthony," Ms. Reagon said, she drew from the lexicon of black music, responding as well to the story's struggle between the worldly and the sacred, and the fight of various religious groups to claim the truth.
But parking isn't the issue in the suburbs -- except at the train stations, where diplomats need permits to park just as everyone else does.
When they did step up a gear, they were able to create scoring chances almost at will but squandered nearly every one.
Today and tomorrow (and Fridays and Saturdays through Nov. 20) at 7 p.m.; Sunday (and Sundays through Nov. 21) at 3 p.m. S.L.A.M.
''The couples must sign the form, attesting that they have been truthful on their application and that they know of no ''legal impediment'' to their marriage.
It is at 36 Battery Place, not 35.
Two Ontario women were granted Canada's first same-sex divorce after a provincial court judge ruled that the traditional definition of spouse in the country's Divorce Act is unconstitutional.
Xaverian closed the half with an 11-2 run that gave it a 34-21 lead, and Rice never got closer 7 points the rest of the game.
There is no doubt that cultural sensitivity will make hospital stays easier and more pleasant for patients and will also improve patient outcomes, which I hope is the primary goal.
Of the 101 journalists who attended the event, exactly two spoke with Mr. Teplansky, he later recalled.
You can learn a little about each dancer by how he or she reacts to messing up.
After playing the Pacers tonight, the Knicks travel to San Antonio, Dallas and Houston.
Because of an editing error, an article last Wednesday about Antonin Carême, the early-19th-century French chef, misstated the title of the biography written by Ian Kelly and turned into a theatrical monologue.
I decided not to go to N.Y.U., not because of its boastful rankings and SAT scores, but because the urban campus made me desire the peace and quiet I had found at other colleges.
At that, Mr. Woodward said: ''You're smiling.
Given the large sums at stake, time spent getting things right would be well spent.
said Mark D. Robbins, a public policy professor at the University of Connecticut.
For some people, a dream vacation involves no labor harder than balancing a paper umbrella on the rim of a tall glass.
To the Editor: The government has again found a way to keep the public in the dark about the war in Iraq.
It is another small, hidden cost of illegal immigration.
Some critics have accused the school of bowing to pressure from a patron and parent.
One of Grey's longtime clients is Procter & Gamble, while WPP has Unilever, one of P.&G.
Alekperov, who is 54, has a laser stare that could melt an iceberg.
There is also the uncanny feeling of being in contact with a whole other psychic planet.
The claims, coming originally from some Israeli officials, arose in direct response to the call for peace by President Bashar al-Assad in his interview with The New York Times published on Dec. 1.
And Mark Brown has been solid as a replacement for weakside linebacker Victor Hobson, who has missed two games with a high ankle sprain.
Since the 1930's the party had linked itself to the principal organizations of workers, peasants and middle-class professionals.
People who sign up for the E*Trade hardware tokens and lose them will have to call customer service to authenticate themselves, he said.
And there's Mr. Pekar himself, who drops in periodically, just to be cantankerous.
He said he had, just about literally, been considering blowing up a mountain.
Mr. Sadr is mercurial, and the practical impact of his statement remains unclear.
Neale said Burns was ''kind of a tough boss'' who brought out the best in players without necessarily making them smile.
The idea was that it might be rolled out in a hurry if officials believed there was a threat to rail security.
''There are separate black and white folk memories of Nat Turner to this day.''
Under Mr. Howard's new plan, all of those services will soon be divided among no fewer than eight government departments.
The sides were closing in on a four-year contract for just under $40 million, pending a physical, and Manager Joe Torre made the difference.
Problems in mentoring were especially important, the plaintiffs say, because mentoring was crucial to getting high-profile research projects and moving up the corporate ladder.
On Tuesday, the Committee for Environmentally Sound Development, a neighborhood group, published an open letter to Robert B. Tierney, chairman of the Landmarks Preservation Commission, in AM New York, a free daily newspaper.
Years later, she would leave New York and close-knit feminist circles there for a small town in Northern California in order to write "The Color Purple."
No one understands this better than the Eagles' faithful, who have ended the past three seasons in anguish.
Ford has even licensed a small number of Toyota patents.
She will be remembered by her family and many friends.
Mr. Reagan said Mr. Kerry had called him from the campaign trail in Wisconsin to restate his support for stem-cell research.
And for that to happen -- so the argument runs -- Big Pharma needs to be reassured of making a profit.
Photo: Eight people, including three children, were injured last night when a van ran a red light and struck a Chevy Suburban at 112th Street and Second Avenue at 8:50 p.m., the police said.
The teenagers complain on camera about a ''cover-up'' and have Travis describe the rooms.
But Dr. Robert A. Neimeyer, professor of psychology at the University of Memphis, editor of the scientific journal Death Studies and chairman of the committee that prepared the new report, said in an interview: ''Not everyone requires the same thing.
And we can do better putting people to work, providing health care, fixing our schools, protecting our environment.
We found videos of beheadings and brutal terrorist attacks."
The short black jacket shocked the crowd with its informality.
(I didn't try the Rhode Island style, advertised as ''spicy and greasy.'')
Mr. Powell also said the insurgency in Iraq was "getting worse" as forces opposed to the United States and the new Iraqi leadership remained "determined to disrupt the election" set for January.
If an occupying power is unable to guarantee security -- and car bombs have a way of showing it can't -- the insurgents might, over time, win over the populace.
-- should appeal to any rational person.
But lifestyle products with an untraditional flair are what seem to excite Mr. Mooney most.
Two younger family members, Selminha and Dorinha, seem at once to be repeating and overcoming the drama that drove Jú and Cida apart.
''If only 3 percent or a ludicrous percent of yellow cabs are accessible, well, what are you doing?''
''There is so much going on this year that I think it's unique,'' Bruce Allen, Tampa Bay's general manager, said in a news conference Friday, discussing the deal that may send Buccaneers receiver Keyshawn Johnson to Dallas for receiver Joey Galloway.
The Depression reaches the Riants in the form of a bankrupt bond trader who claims to have walked all the way from New York to Mobile looking for work.
We mourn with our friends, Jim Robinson III and Jim Robinson IV, the passing of Josephine Robinson.
"You need to proceed deliberately, carefully and step on as few toes as possible along the way."
Mr. Trump has been on both sides of the issue, fighting casinos closer to his Atlantic City operations, but also helping at least one Indian group in Connecticut, the Eastern Pequots, in their efforts to seek tribal recognition, which would allow them to build a casino there.
But despite Marylands victory in the title game yesterday, Duke remains the class of one of the toughest conferences in the country.
Justice Carol W. Hunstein wrote in the opinion that hate-crimes laws could be appropriate, but that this one did not give people of ordinary intelligence a specific enough warning of what conduct to avoid.
Mr. Bloomberg conceded yesterday that he had never previously heard of the advisory panel; his committee on appointments chooses the mayoral members of such boards.
The leaders of the 10-member bipartisan Sept. 11 commission, which is at the end of a 19-month investigation that has largely rewritten the history of the Sept. 11 attacks, have refused to discuss the panel's recommendations before the release of the report, which is due out on Thursday.
For example, HP Compaq (www.hp.com) has several desktop computers with Mandrake Linux instead of Windows XP as the operating system, and the company recently announced that it would offer certain desktop and laptop computers that use the Novell SUSE Linux system.
Christopher Pappas of Dairyland, which supplies specialty foods to more than 3,000 restaurants in the New York area, said he expected ''a nightmare'' because of traffic and security measures.
''That relationship has been broken.''
The exoticism of the collection -- really, its eroticism -- was all concentrated in the palette: the cocoa browns, the silvery taupes, the sudden jolt of blood red.
Back in Minnesota, as Chuck Ripka and I were leaving the bank to go to a meeting of local business leaders, a small encounter took place that was treated as so commonplace by everyone involved that I failed to see its significance at first.
Bond prices, for example, will fall if interest rates rise, as some economists predict.
She had captured the 100-meter backstroke at the 1932 Los Angeles Games and had set world records in that event and the 200-meter backstroke.
Seconds after John Kerry's speech, CNN gave Ed Gillespie, the Republican Party's chairman, the opportunity to bash the candidate.
Earlier that morning, at dawn, a half-dozen policemen were sitting around at a cafe in the same neighborhood eating eggs and bread.
The proposed changes were first reported Wednesday morning on the Web site of an alternative weekly newspaper, Creative Loafing.
including the amusing representation of Commodore Perry as a feral barbarian.
He returned to the fold at the beginning of the Eisenhower administration.
I wasn't used to living in the middle of nowhere, and I'm a mama's boy.
Again, the caution lights: Never give your phone number to a stranger.
He said, however, that there were two catastrophic prospects that could change Israel's calculations.
In a live solo, she jiggles pasties on her bare chest while discussing men.
These arguments have not swayed Dr. Hamilton's former students, who argue that the leaf-signal hypothesis is still worth investigating.
Given the intransigent and politically popular refusals by Germany and France to commit troops to Iraq, it might seem highly unlikely that either country could fulfill that part of the prospective bargain.
Most of them are accessible from the shore.
Desperate to rescue a few things of sentimental value, Mr. Melbourne wrote a letter to Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg, asking for help.
Mr. McAuliffe spoke as the leaders endured the first of two days of appeals from the cast looking to succeed Mr. McAuliffe on Saturday at the organization meeting.
It was unable to obtain debtor-in-possession financing, a feature of most bankruptcies, because its assets are pledged to secure $717 million in federally backed loans.
Mr. Kilmnick said that the Island had become safer for gay students in the 11 years since he started the organization, but that there were still problems.
Volvo sold 63.7 million Scania Class B shares to Deutsche Bank ''for placement in the market,'' the truckmaker said.
"What we think is likely, but certainly not certain, is that an individual in an Iraqi military uniform, possibly with a vest-worn explosive device, was inside the facility and detonated the facility," General Ham said.
But the tragedies and difficulties that afflict the Laments -- a dead baby, a son with a severed hand, a suicidal out-of-work father and worse -- are carried carefully in a basket of bitter humor; any apparent invitation to either characters or readers to fall into a sentimental slump is quickly withdrawn.
XTO plans a share offering to help pay for a total of $1.8 billion in acquisitions this year, the chief executive, Bob Simpson, 56, said during a conference call with analysts and investors.
"Things seem very unstable, but perhapsif you proceed cautiously, it will be fine.
Mr. Renis, in fact, was quoted in Italian newspapers as saying he approached the New York mob boss Joe Adonis for help.
Hank Blalock, the Texas third baseman, said.
Now we need to reconsider the road not taken.
Older children swim to a small offshore raft.
From the start of his term, he acted like an aggressive young fighter.
The Borgata is the template for this new vision of Atlantic City, a luxurious, Las Vegas-style resort with spas, upscale shopping, 11 restaurants, a hip nightclub and a gambling floor designed to appeal to high rollers.
I said: "We're not going to pick what one station likes.
See, the card will have a period of time attached to it.
New York City's sale could come at a crucial time for Medallion Financial.
Erin Courtney adds fantasy to a screwball-tinged comedy of manners in ''Demon Baby,'' the Clubbed Thumb company's production at the Ohio Theater in SoHo through Jan. 31.
JERSEY BATTLE OF THE FLOWERS Aug. 12 and 13, Jersey.
Another issue that may surface this week involves a call for Baptists to boycott United States public schools.
So there could be some social fallout.
But none of the three dozen people who showed up at the modest community center in Bay Shore for the inaugural meeting were brand new to the organization.
For instance, there was a stretch from March 2000 to May 2001 when Mr. Topolewski changed agencies four times -- in two instances, he never spent a day at the agency that hired him, jumping to another one before he reported for work.
Shares in Alitalia, the Italian airline, rose 19 percent yesterday, a day after the Italian government fired the company's board and said it would seek private investors to invest in the company.
While most conservatives remain squarely behind Mr. Bush, the united front has not been quite as united.
Mrs. Saltzman then became a successful residential real estate broker, working until her marriage in 1978 to Brig.
–What qualification does this person have to hold the office he seeks?
''This president has got the worst record on fiscal matters of any president in the history of the United States,'' said Senator Kent Conrad of North Dakota, senior Democrat on the Budget Committee, one of many Democrats who went to the barricades on Monday.
Bird lovers have camped outside, held vigils and chanted in anger, occasionally joined by Ms. Moore.
Rabbi Bergman said a sort of ''mikvah mania'' cultural movement has swept through the American Jewish community over the past 25 years.
"A person of keen intellect and compassion, Ron made a positive, substantial impact on virtually every area of the organization."
At the peak of the program in the mid-1990's, some 40,000 criminal illegal immigrants were sent back each year.
Bring an offering -- coffee or a slice of pizza will do.
WINE LIST -- Fifteen of the 18 wines on the inexpensive international list are $25 or less.
"Until we publicly debate the quiet cost-shifting from state support to tuition that continues in far too many states, no amount of effort by our institutions to raise revenue and cut expenses will be able to preserve affordable tuition formulas, particularly at public colleges and universities."
But there must be some good reason for the owners to want to do it, for they also have to submit to invasion of their privacy, governmental regulations and the daily traumas inevitable to any artistic enterprise.
The congressman faced a choice that year: run for governor against the incumbent, George E. Pataki, or run for senator against Alfonse M. D'Amato, also an incumbent.
Then suddenly, in 1994, it was gone.
The Jewish Center mourns the passing of the sister of our member, Mrs. Brauna Fortgang.
"You take all these pieces together, and they make a fascinating whole."
"After saying he would have voted for the war, even knowing everything we know today, my opponent woke up this morning with new campaign advisers and yet another new position," Mr. Bush said to laughter and to cries of, "Flip-flop.
Much of this work dates back to the 1989 education summit meeting convened by the first President Bush and led by Bill Clinton, then governor of Arkansas.
On four occasions in the last few months, I have held dinner parties for a total of 20 guests, and I was anticipating eight more friends on a recent Friday night.
Farther south, in the city of Long Beach -- a half-mile-wide barrier island with a two-mile-long boardwalk -- the housing stock includes co-ops, condos, small ranches and upscale oceanfront houses.
''Once again in the history of the democracy in Spain, the Socialists have not behaved as they should in moments of crisis, and have again betrayed the constitution'' as they did in the 1930's, said Alberto Recarte, a political commentator said in Libertad Digital, an online magazine.
In Moscow, Mr. Putin's most prominent liberal critics, including Irina M. Khakamada, Boris E. Nemtsov and the chess champion Garry Kasparov, issued an open letter on Tuesday urging Mr. Putin to accept Ukraine's choice, which, in their view, is Mr. Yushchenko.
He brought a veteran's calm to a position that had been manned by a group of players with almost no experience.
Then, in early 2000, Mr. Sher told Mr. Lipton ''the trunk was not burned'' and that the score was in the Library of Congress.
We're going to get rid of tax cuts for companies who are outsourcing your jobs.
Does the meditation master interrupt his ''om'' to hustle down to Kinko's?
New York today is witnessing a tabloid war that hearkens back to the days of William Randolph Hearst and Joseph Pulitzer.
It also lacks a palpable friction between the two main characters, along with the particularly compelling personality that Jerry brings to ''Zoo Story.''
Jeb Bush, with pollsters saying Floridians are already concerned that their votes will not be counted.
Riverside, Calif., Redevelopment Agency, $75 million of 2004 tax allocation housing bonds.
Of Mr. Ordan's plans for the city, Mr. Sneddon said: ''If it's done right in the right location, like the Upper East Side in the 70's, a Whole Foods-style market with the Balducci's name might do well.
Drinks at 7 and dinner at 8, with dancing to the music of the George Young Orchestra.
Mr. Nobbs portrays the central character in the Keen Company's well-acted resurrection of "The Hasty Heart," a gentle drama by John Patrick seen on Broadway in 1945.
But President Bush, her close confidante, has been adamant, White House officials say, that any public appearance would violate longstanding precedent against incumbent national security advisers testifying before a legislative body.
The children's best-seller list on Page 25 of the Book Review today misattributes "Holes," No.
''How can anyone follow him?''
And that is what might trouble the Jets most.
He said they had them in California, and it sounded like a good idea.
Mr. Fanning, now 24 and part of a new venture called Snocap, has lately written software that would recognize songs being made available on a peer-to-peer network and let copyright holders set terms for its price and its use by consumers who wish to download them.
of trying to hatch a "coup d'état" -- that is, that they had considered delaying the election in the wake of the terrorist attack to maintain power.
Mr. Mack declined to say exactly how much he was paying for the new lot, a 14,995-square-foot parcel, between Hudson and Renwick Streets, north of Canal Street.
Firefighters came to the area about 6:15 p.m. to put out a fire inside a manhole on 43rd Street between Seventh and Eighth Avenues, Deputy Fire Chief James Leonard said.
Douglas Druick, the curator of European paintings, agreed to take down some works in his galleries.
But with the news media energized, every week seems to bring new revelations of financial irregularities along the Workers' Party's path to power.
His wife, Jean Todd Sharp, whom he met when he was at Harvard and she was working on a doctorate at Radcliffe, died in 2000.
The results of the survey of almost 50,000 people older than 65 conducted in 2002 were published last month in The Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report, the journal of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
A host of specialized decorative techniques came into play that enabled artists to enhance effects dramatically: bronze powder added to gilding, stenciling and the transfer of printed scenes from paper.
On a recent Friday afternoon, some shoppers echoed that complaint.
At many museums, children under 12 and members are admitted free.
Carol Stone and her husband, David, are two of Bay Creek's newest customers who do like golf.
If you are in an urban area with a lot of driveways and intersections, you get your best capacity at somewhere around 30 m.p.h.
Lance Collins, the chief executive of Fuze Beverage, had planned to introduce three more flavors in the company's fast-growing line of Slenderize juice and tea drinks next year.
After a year in jail and tangled court proceedings in the United States, he was granted asylum here in 1999.
Without traffic lights, driving takes extra caution.
... Cardinals great Stan Musial threw out the first ball to fellow Hall of Famer Bob Gibson.
Even though we spent more than $500 for four, we were punished for not ordering coffee.
BYPASS THE PUMP -- One way to avoid worrying about gasoline prices: take someone else's vehicle.
And he wonders if even that will help.
So has Mr. Disney's moment arrived?
So the production gains from the painstaking reconstruction of Iraq's oil infrastructure in the last year have already been absorbed by export markets.
Recently, he said, ''the most visible woman in the world was Condoleezza Rice.
Mr. Horan's 21-window Deluxe model is prized by collectors for its quaint features like Safari windshield panels that open outward from the bottom, "vista windows" lined up on the roof like a sightseeing railcar and an enormous canvas sunroof.
In her mind, there is no curfew and no particular time that one must roll out of bed the next day either.
Recalled OF Ramon Nivar from Oklahoma.
In essence, we are saying it is reasonable to complete the curriculum in less time, but unacceptable to need more time.
A report by the inspector, Charles Duelfer, released Wednesday alleges that the Iraqi regime created a vast bribery network, directing billions of dollars worth of lucrative oil-for-food vouchers to foreign politicians and businessmen "on a lavish and almost indiscriminate scale."
In the war to spin the report, such specific warnings are critical pieces of ammunition.
The governor left immediately after the address.
You could see it on his face.
George Bush said he would have done everything the same.
Have her people get in touch with my people.
White played for all three teams during his 15-year N.F.L.
Memorial Services Tuesday November 9, 6 PM, at Church of the Epiphany, 74th Street and York Avenue, NYC.
That is why the Yankees will approach Game 3 on Friday with the urgency of an underdog -- which they were, according to Las Vegas oddsmakers, when the series began.
In difficult times, and in good times, we are who we are.''
The superintendent, Robert E. Riccobono, left, was fired by Rudy Crew, then the chancellor, in June 1999, in a purge of superintendents in low-performing districts.
Kyan Douglas, the grooming guide, appears with the four other cast members in a campaign featuring Mr. Collins, promoting the American Express card for small businesses.)
The satellite channel Al Jazeera broadcast an audiotape on Sunday said to be from Osama bin Laden, the leader of Al Qaeda, in which he urged Muslims to continue fighting a holy war in Iraq and elsewhere in the Middle East rather than cooperate with peace efforts.
And finally, on Thursday, the day after the Yankees dropped their fourth straight game to cap the most colossal postseason collapse in baseball history, Mr. Mittelman grew downright bellicose.
''You don't realize he hasn't been here the whole time because he was calling plays as if he knows what he's doing,'' running back Tiki Barber said.
When I visited Hollenberg in June, in his cozy book-lined office tucked away on the ground floor of Brigham and Women's Hospital in Boston, he said he was even more encouraged by a pilot study he concluded a few weeks earlier.
Don't Look Up Some say the world will end in fire -- and for them, there's a new estimate of what it would take for that to happen.
''Over time the level of trust and intimacy develops and we take risks and explore,'' he said.
The company and its executives are already the focus of investigations by European regulators and officials from the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Farmers say wolves killed more than 2,000 sheep last year and decimated a flock of 140 sheep in Alpes de Haute-Provence on Saturday.
If the challenge for the Republicans lies in restoring faith in the party, the Democrats must convince Muslims that their party has something new to offer.
After satisfying himself that the sleeping man was Mr. Kennedy, Officer Moran said he moved to the end of the car.
The best case for "Warriors," which opens today in New York and Los Angeles, is its cinematic time travels and its peek into the natural wildness of a long-closed countryside.
A squad of two dozen F.B.I.
''It's always really been more of a joke,'' she said of the agreement.
These Afghan women are afraid to leave their houses, let alone to cast their vote for fear of dishonoring their husbands or fathers.
My own feeling is that there is something ambiguously homoerotic in a man's conducting a lengthy affair with a married woman who remains at home and continues to sleep with her husband.
"Once you have a diagrid, there's no reason to have a vertical column on the corner," said Brandon Haw, a senior partner in Foster & Partners of London, which is working on the Hearst Tower with Adamson Associates Architects.
Mr. Zalaznick's younger brother, Brian, was his roommate at the time, in an apartment on Perry Street in Greenwich Village.
"I felt I couldn't coach until I was 65 and eventually I would be faced with the problem of what to do."
He took some art and drama classes that subtly included therapy.
A8 The American-led occupation authority's disbanding of the Iraqi Army over a year ago casts a shadow over the occupation of Iraq.
"I play the game like it should be played," Emmons said.
But Stephen E. Quinn, the vice president for substation operations, said Con Ed builds in a double contingency, under which one of the transformers could be shut down for maintenance, another transformer could fail and the substation could still send out the needed power with the remaining transformer.
"I can say now that I'm sure of it.
He entered the auditorium briskly from a side entrance, surrounded by a phalanx of aides.
The poor are visible on the edges of any metropolis, where slums of plywood apartments sometimes abut the Western-looking mansions.
Or, echoing a patriotic song from another era, they shouted, roughly: ''May a big sword chop off the Japanese heads!''
King's longtime fans, along with new readers curious about his ever-widening influence and the half-grudging respect now accorded him in literary circles, can find here a sort of skeleton key to what one of King's characters might mockingly call his ''oover.''
At the same time, the World Bank's larger-than-life leader, James D. Wolfensohn, was presiding over what could be his last annual meeting as the heart and soul of that organization.
They also worked with the state's most prolific Republican fund-raiser, James H. Harless, a coal operator who collected $275,000 for Mr. Bush, five times what Mr. Gore raised in the entire state.
More than 160 people were wounded, including 11 Russians and some Britons.
In his last nine Tour starts, Singh has finished no worse than sixth.
Ricky Ray, whom the Jets signed yesterday, led the Edmonton Eskimos to the Canadian Football League's championship last season.
He then looked at his watch, and shrugged.
As a result, he added, ''Longueira has had to spend 25 hours a day defending UDI from the gravest of accusations.''
The book's author, Dr. Brian Alman, Ph.D., a psychologist who is a consultant to a weight loss program with the Kaiser Permanente health care organization, believes that weight loss can come with the right combination of self-induced trances and Stuart-Smalley-like positive affirmations.
Wednesday's vote marks a reversal among Intel shareholders, who defeated a similar referendum at last year's annual meeting, when the pro-expensing forces received only 48 percent of the vote.
Correction Appended THERE are objects or possessions that scream ''I'm better than you'' -- items that remind the average Joe of a cultural and economic divide that cannot be crossed.
The Hmong are told that in the United States polygamy is forbidden and that beating one's children is considered a crime.
My route-running has gotten so much better.
Can the theory of evolution be made quantitative and predictable?
She said: 'John, I'm not the Barbie Doll type.
But then she had things like, 'Hiring and training of entirely new team.'
's previous four-year contract with American Axle expired Wednesday and workers took to the picket lines on Thursday.
Mr. Powell recruited store owners with an anti-vandalism pitch.
In another sits a white 1950 Frigidaire range, its shiny hubcap-like knobs practically begging to be touched.
Those surveyed include mortgage bankers, commercial banks and savings and loans.
Consumption would slip 1 percent, Goldman estimated, if housing prices fell by 10 percent, to the fair value level.
Statements by judges on issues they might be called upon to decide were generally thought to violate codes of judicial ethics before that decision.
Op-Ed Contributor Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie is the author of the novel "Purple Hibiscus."
"It very much replicates the open living in California," she said.
Apple Paltrow Martin would be rejected as a fruit, Jett Travolta as a plane (and misspelled as well), Brooklyn Beckham as a place, and Rumer Willis, as, well, Danish name investigators would not even know where to begin with that one.
I think I made a step, but I have to keep going.
As a result, the public is more likely to hear from a few women with true intersex conditions and those females whose surgeries were performed using outdated techniques.
Mr. David-Weill has previously indicated that he is not against the idea of taking the company public, in principle.
"I prefer to say we will continue the same policy and try to avoid mistakes that were committed in the past."
Private companies are now permitted to take the trash wherever they like, and legal battles have been fought around the country over whether municipalities can impose rules on where garbage flows once it is in private hands.
Mr. Murren, who had McKinsey & Company study the situation for months ("We spent a fortune on those guys," he said), said residents would eventually prove to be more profitable than visitors.
Building skins that respond to air and temperature changes, ecological roof gardens, gardens that recycle water and air, geothermal heating and cooling systems, solar and wind energy producers, biochemical super-decomposers of waste and other ecotechnologies create a sustainable environment in which landscape functions less as a backdrop and more as a productive, living machine.
Or buy the guy music lessons.
At least when it comes, it will give pleasant new meaning to the expression ''everybody gains.''
No wonder fans were excited.
But many of the people who know her best, back in Trumbull where she lived until her move to Milford last spring, are scratching their heads.
Several of the Bronx students spending their weekdays and nights here this summer talked of friends who had wanted to join but weren't accepted, in part because families could not be found to house them.
"A quota is urgently needed in order to promote talent," said Gerd Gebhardt, the president of the association.
Our annual meeting was at a resort in Palm Springs, Calif. For its second day, I had scheduled a 9 a.m. meeting with a publisher to discuss a book deal.
You can change those habits, if you really work at it.
believed that elements of the criticism in the draft report were wrong or exaggerated, and that they were pressing for last-minute corrections.
I feel my first week of shows are still better than a lot of these other shows that have come along since, and they've had 10 times the network support I had.
The United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit blocked the execution of the inmate, Kevin Cooper, and the United States Supreme Court refused to hear an appeal by the state.
Drivers also pull over to use their cellphones, which creates its own traffic hazards.
She cannot work on Sundays because of her religious beliefs, and said that she was automatically disqualified when she filled out the application by computer.
If you experienced something anywhere else (a great love affair, an unforgettable summer, a piece of fruit), we believe that we can not only duplicate it here, but also improve upon it.
He made seven more pictures in the 13 years that remained to him, and all are, in their various ways, attempts to recapture that fleeting convergence of style and substance.
Weibring's 65 put him at 133, and Hale Irvin (68) was another two shots back.
That would increase domestic demand for gasoline even further, pushing prices still higher.
Hours and admission: see above.
California would not be the first state to consider such a change.
''I think people have been playing nicely this year,'' said Bruce Davis, executive director of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, which awards the Oscars.
Red Sox management will also have to face raised expectations.
(Her label, Virgin Records, did not respond to interview requests.)
The trend confronts another challenge, from gay men and lesbians who worry that the way their better-known counterparts are presented in ads may reinforce stereotypes of homosexuals as flighty fashionistas obsessed with style and surfaces.
Page had no known history of heart disease, said A.J.
''And I'm hardly going to sing it on ''Top of the Pops'' in my slutty shorts.''
A certain Hudson Valley state of mind is reflected in the current show at the Coffey Gallery.
Perhaps it was inevitable that the rookie would eventually look like a rookie, but when it happened to Eli Manning on Friday night after a training camp full of impressive practices, it was jarring.
Mr. Kerry, who was an early front-runner in this season, might be said to have shot his lead in his foot, albeit in slow motion, for agonizingly explaining his support for the Iraq war over and over to no one's satisfaction but Dr. Dean's.
Hubbell Brothers was established in 1896, at 265 Main Street, Mr. Kohn said.
Wagner made unprecedented demands on singers regarding power, range and stamina.
Linda Altman, President Rabbi Charles A. Klein BECKER--Elissa.
For Cynthia Germain of Queens, mastering the new routes brought a surge of triumph.
"I really only care about what it looks like," she said.
If Franks lives up to his reputation for honesty in this book, it is in the early chapters.
They are climbers; the term ''bromeliad'' refers to a specific plant family.
Wondee's has an excellent version of pad thai ($8.45), but be sure to try a traditional hangover remedy, the spicy and basil-accented spaghetti kee maow ($8.45).
After getting permission from Ms. Kuperman's mother, Mr. Nzomo threw together a studio in his store and selected a tank top for Ms. Kuperman to wear.
They noted that Congress and more than three dozen states had passed laws defining marriage as the union of a man and a woman.
A25 CBS and Guard Documents CBS News said there were legitimate questions about documents it presented in a "60 Minutes" report that raised new charges about President Bush's service in the National Guard.
This free exhibition, which runs through Sept. 3, includes costumes, photographs, film and television footage and artifacts of a career that spanned a half-century.
Bidding wars erupted in 2001 and 2002, she said, but are rare today.
In 2000, the state's voters split 47 percent to 47 percent for George W. Bush and Al Gore, with 5 percent voting for Ralph Nader.
Timed to maximize pressure on Mr. Bush as the presidential campaign heats up, the complaint asserts that the United States has lost up to 727,000 factory jobs because the labor violations it cites artificially lowered China's production costs and unfairly undercut American companies.
In an age of prescription remedies for even slightly off-kilter kids, it's refreshing to encounter a couple of misfit characters whose resistance to the world resolves itself in traditional common sense and celebration of the individual.
Arguedas, the lawyer for Montgomery, yesterday declined to discuss specific evidence shown to her last week in a meeting with the anti-doping agency.
Richter was the most valuable player when the Americans won the first World Cup in 1996.
"When you weld, it leaves a kind of ugly scar.
Mr. Centeno; his wife, Alba Pugo; and Ms. Mora are all from Ecuador, and knew one another through other immigrants in Patchogue, said Mr. Centeno's brother Manuel Centeno.
Cultural buildings will be constructed, following the Libeskind plan, but they will not bridge the space over the north tower footprint or cantilever over the south tower footprint, as Mr. Libeskind had proposed.
Israel has since slashed the number of workers allowed in.
In the 1960's he promised not to raise taxes, adding, "I am in concrete" for emphasis.
''We're looking for commercial shows.''
The choice of player does not affect the programming you receive, whether it is from cable, satellite or over-the-air broadcasts.
In Popeye's latest odyssey he dreams that his long-lost Pappy, who abandoned him as a child, is in trouble and needs help.
RUTTENBERG--Derald H. I miss my husband and friend.
With so many applications to process, it seems inevitable that numerical scores loom larger than they should, making it likely that students of enormous intellectual promise who fail to jump through the right numerical hoops are overlooked.
The huts, which sleep eight, are about five miles apart.
In its August instructions to prospective architects, the corporation said that the design "should permit visual transparency between the surrounding sidewalks and the memorial" and that "there should also be physical permeability through the ground level."
A tendency toward concise, elegant and generally compact visual statements is evident, however.
"I know we must continue to work to improve the I.N.G.," he said, referring to the Iraqi National Guard.
Demonstrations continued Friday against Israel's construction of a barrier against West Bank Palestinians.
''I look at Kurt as a Knick,'' Isiah Thomas said.
This multilayered, one-hour, one-woman show is an ingenious conceit, a way of talking about feminism, sexuality and society's view of women, told through the history of a cultural icon who went from comic book character in 1941 to hit TV star in the 1970's played by Lynda Carter.
The nine-story triangular building takes up a city block and is an elegant mix of architectural styles.
''The Ecstasy of St. Francis'' by Giovanni Baglione.
''If we were able to do 'All the President's Men' with people meeting in garages and whispering in parks, then certainly with someone sitting at a table in the White House we could have a remarkable event.''
''Of the four budgets we've done, this is the toughest,'' the state treasurer, John E. McCormac, said.
In testimony before the House Ways and Means Committee, Mr. Foster said he had struggled to preserve the independence and integrity of his office.
This week Jones pulled out of today's Crystal Palace meet in London, saying she wanted to prepare in the United States.
Leslie Kaston, 63, a pit boss at the Stratosphere Casino on the Las Vegas Strip, said his vote for Mr. Kerry was never in doubt.
McCarver, who hit only .125 in the Series ("I was horrible"), said the passion of Red Sox fans had surprised the Cardinals.
Mr. Heinz, 52, and six others, including two children playing in a schoolyard below, were killed when a helicopter collided with an airplane carrying the senator on April 4, 1991.
A lawyer for Mr. Quinn declined to comment on the investigation Wall Street firms and Fidelity are scouring expense reports, searching for canceled checks to see who paid for what.
Passengers curled up on luggage carousels and in the middle of the terminal floor.
It was unclear yesterday how long the two women have been together.
"I had no idea that I would ever work in the theater or have a career in the theater."
He is the chairman of the New Delhi-based Corporate & Economic Research Group Advisory.
The piece, to selections by Shostakovich, Villa-Lobos and Jelly Roll Morton, honored Romare Bearden, an artist noted for his collages.
When asked in a follow-up phone conversation why revenue sharing with the firms created by his former colleagues was not subject to taxes while a similar arrangement with any other firm would be, Mr. Meyer said he had misspoken.
"There is no possibility to consolidate taxes under the European company statute," he said.
By the time Jessica Lee Roger was discovered on the floor of her prison cell on Aug. 17, 2002, it was too late.
"You don't have to worry," he tells him.
(''It Sudses'' belongs in the tiny ''shavings gone awry'' genre, along with Martin Scorsese's 1967 film-school short ''The Big Shave.'')
GAZA, Oct. 8 Â Palestinians distanced themselves today from the deadly bombings that targeted Israeli tourists in Egypt, with many Palestinians saying they did not think the fight with Israel should be waged in other countries.
Free societies will be hopeful places where people can realize their dreams.
In July, the Electronic Frontier Foundation, an organization that is skeptical about the value to society of software patents, announced the winners of its ''busting patents'' competition, which sought nominations for the worst Internet-related patents.
It was The Yale Law Journal, not The Law Review.
From there, he had gone on to Harvard, where he became the starting point guard on the basketball team.
"Certainly it's the largest series of natural disasters we've faced."
The rest of the program on Thursday was devoted largely to sonic navel gazing, often at epic lengths.
Correction: May 2, 2004, Sunday A caption on April 4 with an article about air and rail fares in Europe misidentified two train stations.
"The Plot Against America" is a novel that can be read, in the current Bush era, as either a warning about the dangers of isolationism or a warning about the dangers of the Patriot Act and the threat to civil liberties.
And his sentences were also pure in the sense that they were unsullied by traffic with reality.
If you do not want chili oil, garlic oil or regular olive oil would be fine.
As an instructor at a Baghdad military academy, he sat out the war, not having to make the near-suicidal choice of whether to defend the capital against an overpowering American-led invasion or risk retribution against deserters.
And she noted that the lawsuit brought by the seven police officers was settled by the town but was withdrawn against her when she refused to settle.
''When banks look the other way, they put our national security at risk.
So why should it matter that we want extra lighting in the attic?''
"Uta Hagen taught me that.
In 2000 she opened Zafra, a casual, luncheonette-like restaurant on Willow Avenue, just a block away, and continues to preside there as well.
''Light From the Past: Early American Rugs From the Collection of Ronnie Newman,'' through May 26 at the Kresge Gallery.
The rest -- MVP Baseball 2004, NFL Street, Pokémon Colosseum and Fight Night 2004 -- are all sequels or sports spinoffs.
Aunt Dan cuddles on the bed with young Lemon, confiding the fine points of right-wing philosophy and the details of swinging sex parties.
"When people say I don't understand what Saddam Hussein had to do with Sept. 11, I don't understand the question," he said.
ONCE, you could rely on stereotypes, at least when it came to best picture awards.
As patriarch and pope of Alexandria and All Africa since 1997, he was ranked second in the Orthodox Church; only the holder of the ecumenical patriarchate in Istanbul is higher.
''Cooper is either guilty as sin or he was framed by the police,'' wrote Judge Barry Silverman, one of 11 judges on the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit who reviewed the case.
To new riders who get their image of a ''cyclist'' from the Tour, this might sound backward.
Prayer and religion sustain me.
This past week, fans have received a delicious taste of what life with Safin could be like.
The employees' union went on strike against a lab contractor in 2002, and the Department of Homeland Security has since brought in a new contractor.
It could funnel research money to where it will do the most good rather than to those areas with the largest and most vocal constituency, thereby treating the victims of various diseases and conditions more equitably.
She walks away last night with a recording contract.
After landing at the Rovaniemi airport, we boarded a bus to Suomu, our resort on the outskirts of Kemijarvi, the northern-most town in Finland, which is 90 miles from Rovaniemi.
For the Patriot Act, against the Patriot Act.
Team officials also expect the newly acquired striker Sergio Galván to be available for the match.
''I wanted to be involved in high technology.
He ladled water from the Rhine and later from all the oceans of the world - labeled, stored, poured and pumped it through exhibition spaces with labyrinths of plastic hoses.
''A decade ago, the conservatives just wanted to get control of their property so they could leave,'' Dr. Wood said.
''It seemed like when things went bad, they went really bad.''
Transfer salad to a serving bowl or plate.
He said he was concerned that 50 different investigations would balkanize regulations, and added that once-lax federal agencies had become more aggressive about rooting out fraud and wrongdoing.
Her first grin in months appeared Friday, when Judge Miriam Goldman Cedarbaum dismissed the securities fraud charge that the judge had previously described as novel.
And yet, stranded somewhere between the benevolent curiosity of Bill Bryson and the wisecracking scorn of P. J. O'Rourke, Queenan never quite convinces us, or even himself, of the truths he wants to tell.
Yesterday, with a cool rain slanting into the Atlantic waves, only one surfer was out in the water at Beach 91st Street.
Veritas is Latin for truth.
''But it's still a very solid building, wonderful in terms of architecture, and it provides us with space for a lot of youth sports and activities that we never had before,'' Ms. Gentile said.
It's really something that is missing when you retire.
We were just together marching, and now he is dead!''
He occasionally tried a less formal address -- "This is in our country, folks, the United States of America" -- but folksy just ain't his style.
Clemens and Pettitte Seek Ownership Roger Clemens and Andy Pettitte are looking to take their friendship and partnership in a different direction.
-------------------- Sinai Attackers Reportedly Escaped CAIRO, Wednesday, Oct. 13 (Reuters) -- All four bombers who attacked three Egyptian resorts frequented by Israelis last week were seen escaping on foot minutes before their vehicles exploded, the Egyptian government newspaper Al Ahram reported Wednesday.
In fact, some patients in the trial who improved the most had received a placebo.
The women, who design most of Laila Rowe's merchandise, have been friends for those 12 years.
"What else do you need?
On May 7, before Mr. Dubose tried to get into Sing Sing, an Ossining police officer, Donald Farrell, had stopped Mr. Dubose and Mr. Alexander as they moved a motorcycle that investigators said they planned to leave for the escaping prisoners near the prison.
I had long wondered about the Krug reputation.
There are no Julian Schnabels or Damien Hirsts now in the collection of paintings and sculpture.
We are pleased to endorse him for re-election.
But Mr. Farina is such an easy-going sort that when the subject comes up anyway, he doesn't betray any discomfort other than a hint of boredom with a much raked-over topic from nearly 20 years ago.
We put him on the list.''
Ignacio Carrillo Prieto Special Prosecutor for Social and Political Movements of the Past Mexico City, July 30, 2004
''They had very bad treatment toward us,'' he said.
And that's very bad news for Mr. Bush.
In the United States, Citigroup advises holding ChevronTexaco and recommends selling Exxon Mobil and ConocoPhillips.
Researchers asked, for example, what is the meaning of disk abnormalities, so often seen when a back patient undergoes an magnetic resonance imaging, or M.R.I.?
Correction Appended TO many authors, a looming publication deadline is stressful enough.
We mourn the loss of our esteemed member and Past President and extend heartfelt condolences to his family.
Warner Brothers signed the group in 1990, and it scored a breakthrough about three years later with the single ''She Don't Use Jelly,'' which climbed to No.
''Everyone is concerned with looking cool.
Private Moreno was the youngest of four children.
The same day, militants assassinated Osama Kashmoula, the governor of Nineveh, after attempts on the lives of several other Iraqi government officials in the past two weeks.
Sometimes people use the phrase ''carpet shag,'' but to my people, that's a slur.
Accordingly, they have caused ruckuses at readings, fired out screeds with titles like "The Art Revolution vs. Corporate Art" and gotten into shoving matches with the writer Thomas Beller (the "moody giant," in Wenclas's poetic description of the fracas).
If shop owners fail a car using a tougher test, and then use an easier version, it is difficult to determine whether the car passed because of the repairs or because of the easier test.
David O'Connor, director of the United States operations for the International Air Transport Association, a trade group that represents most international carriers, said one critical challenge facing the United States in seeking to strengthen air security was that safety standards vary so widely around the world.
Gordon hit the same chunk of debris late in the race that Matt Kenseth did.
This administration has consistently favored the short-term profit of the wealthy few and the administration's own political advantage over the long-term welfare of the rest of us.
I know what we have to do in Iraq.
But it has also come at a steep cost.
Vitamin D is important for people of all ages, but especially for children and adolescents, because of its role in bone formation.
NBC's goal seemed to be taking over the whole company if regulatory changes eventually allowed NBC to add a large number of new stations.
Then all the juices will remain with the fish, and the effect will be quite similar to -- if less striking than -- wrapping in leaves.
The proposals, offered by the Tyco subsidiary, M/A-Com, and Motorola, were so different in what they said the job would cost -- with Tyco's bid for the 20-year contract coming in at roughly $1 billion and Motorola's bid costing roughly $3 billion -- that many observers, Republicans and Democrats alike, wondered how such disparate bids could each satisfy the state's requirements.
They have no Super Bowl or Stanley Cup or World Series.
This year, however, the candidates, their families and their surrogates are coming in droves.
Duval's elections office has been under fire for opening only one early-voting site, and today the county elections supervisor, John Stafford, resigned, citing health concerns.
Pujols had been scheduled for an arbitration hearing yesterday in Phoenix.
It departs from art-world trends, though, in being politically charged, sometimes with topical references, more often with an attitudinal nose-thumbing intrinsic to against-the-grain lifestyles.
For years, military planners have discussed a need for such a weapon, which could wipe out underground factories or command centers.
The advisers, who include independent analysts, former staff members from Congress and the Clinton administration, and a few industry executives, contend that Mr. Kerry's regular jabs at Saudi Arabia in particular could be construed by many in the Middle East as anti-Arab, at a time when the United States may need the help of other Arab nations to improve the situation in Iraq.
Unlike other commodities, where buyers can count on a range of suppliers competing for sales, iron ore is controlled by a remarkably small number of producers.
The resistance to devaluation draws no protest from the chamber.
A warning to all who would enter here."
When we parted, I felt dizzy with excitement.
And they might keep an eye out for more changes: in early September, the retreat began selling organic coffee in the cafe; the dining room, however, is still caffeine free.
However, the company said the reasons for their leaving did not involve abuse of detainees or any other misconduct at Abu Ghraib.
I didn't think he was that handsome -- he's a good-looking guy, and I'm a man.
Larry McMurtry's four-volume series, ''The Berrybender Narratives,'' is like a cross between John Ford and Quentin Tarantino: a genre-bending Western farce that follows the misadventures and couplings of a sprawling English family and its hangers-on as it makes its roundabout way across the West in the 1830's.
HEMPSTEAD, N.Y., Dec. 20 - As a student at Marshall University, Chad Pennington studied journalism to better understand the relationship between athletes and reporters.
I just knew I wanted to be a part of that world.
The new NATO secretary general, Jaap de Hoop Scheffer, has said that the credibility of NATO is ''on the line'' in Afghanistan -- its first mission outside the European Atlantic area -- and he underscored Friday that ''it's very important the political commitment NATO entered into be fulfilled.''
Although only a third of Russia's gas sales in terms of volume go to Europe, they account for 70 percent of the revenue from natural gas.
(Most of the Atari T-shirts in circulation are not officially licensed, according to Wim Stocks, Atari's executive vice president for sales and marketing.
Those critics are seeking greater access to the marathon because, they say, it is a local race and their taxes help pay for the thousands of police, fire, emergency and custodial personnel employed on race day.
A21 Petros VII The Greek Orthodox patriarch of Alexandria was 55.
The venture last year posted a net loss of $86 million.
Nothing is more eerie than an abandoned amusement park; Smith gives us one in which the bumper cars have been overturned and the Ferris wheel "looked like it had rolled, stopped and rusted in place."
Through contracts were signed and checks were exchanged, Mr. Brown said that the arrangements were actually fake ''wash'' transactions that served only to inflate Ebitda.
Last year in the world championships in Barcelona, Spain, Serdinov broke the 100 butterfly world record in the first semifinal only to watch Phelps break it again less than five minutes later.
Memorials to the Halfway House of Westchester, Hawthorne House, 14 Longview Avenue, White Plains, NY 10605.
In more than two years as mayor, Mr. Bloomberg has refused to discuss his personal views on gay and lesbian marriage.
When Gen. Wesley K. Clark pointed to a 1992 remark by Mr. Kerry calling affirmative action ''an inherently limited and divisive program,'' the senator denied he had ever said that.
"Now there's an effort to speed up the political timetable for final status talks, which could take place in 2005," the NATO official said, adding that NATO has decided to keep its peacekeeping force at nearly 20,000.
If there is a prototype for how good coaching and a wide-open offense can maximize a quarterback's talent, it is Orton.
Meanwhile at reflect.com, concocted-to-order makeup and body products are mixed in a San Francisco lab, based on a virtual consultation.
In that case, Ms. Lindauer met with Libyan officials in 1995 because, she said, she had information about the attack that could exculpate the Libyans -- who have since acknowledged their role in the bombing.
The collection offers the public durable high-design fabrics like those normally available only to designers and architects.
Halliburton did not profit from overcharges, officials have said, but the disclosure has led to calls for the company to repay any overcharges.
The listing can be found at www.cleanbeaches.org.
If so, ditch the outdoor activities and head to the Heard Museum where, for $7 admission, you can see an expansive collection of Indian art.
In conference calls and e-mail exchanges, they have said it so overstates the issue -- turning a decades-long or century-long threat into one that explodes over five days -- that it might cause people to simply laugh off the real questions.
The avant-garde Dutch design company Droog plans to put it into production next year.
Now she would recommend only classics, ''great books that have stood the test of time,'' as she put it, with three to five selections a year.
It's going to happen, it's going to happen within a generation, and it's going to happen even though George W. Bush teed off his re-election campaign this week by calling for a constitutional amendment to outlaw it.
But during the teleconference in July, he dismissed the suits as frivolous and derided the lawyers who had brought them.
Unseasonably pleasant weather inspires people to pay a significantly higher rate.
"We tried to get his language pared down more, with simpler speeches, less statistics; we had him out hunting, we put him in a bar in Wisconsin to watch a football game; we tried to humanize him more for people," the strategist said.
The Baudelaire siblings find misfortune everywhere they turn.
In addition, it has some 50,000 subscribers to services that offer independent films and sexually explicit films.
''He made the point with his look and body language about how tough and physical they had to be,'' Simms said.
The Goodmail system is designed to work even if not all senders and not all Internet providers participate.
And, no doubt, a nagging sense that this feeling is fleeting, so they'd better vacuum again soon, just to be safe.
The women's game has increased its share of viewers and revealed its depth in the parity that exists on the N.C.A.A.
''Any information that is provided to our enforcement staff is reviewed for credibility,'' Howard said.
The Colts lost their 1998 opener, 24-15, as Peyton completed 21 of 37 passes for 302 yards and a touchdown, but threw three interceptions, including one that Terrell Buckley, now with the Jets, returned for a touchdown.
But how many know who was at the top in online play?
In slow periods during playoff season, when there are no Red Sox games,fans may begin to feel sad, fatigued, anxious, or irritable, as their bodygets worn down with anxiety or anticipation.
They are so long that organizers are no longer advertising; the hall fills up fast.
The foreign minister of France, Michel Barnier, met with the Palestinian leader Yasir Arafat in Ramallah and told him that France seeks ''to help you build an independent, democratic and prosperous Palestinian state.''
"Even though it's updated daily, you're not going to be able to find out the wait time at that specific moment," said Ann Davis, a security administration spokeswoman.
Regulators are also likely to claim that Mr. Grasso kept much of the board in the dark about the extent that his ballooning annual pay awards from 1999 to 2001 -- which totaled $58 million -- further inflated his retirement account.
Some House Democrats, meanwhile, bemoaned the withdrawal of Representative Richard A. Gephardt, the former Democratic leader, from the race.
'''Locusts are descending,' was joyfully chanted everywhere, and men, women and children left their work or their play and ran into the open to see the unfamiliar sight.''
By my late teens I had read and studied all his plays and revue sketches, which not only crackled with sophisticated Broadway wiseguy dialogue but, more important, played.
He also has a production company that makes corporate videos; in his place, Madden, Troy Aikman, Cheryl Ladd and Jim Nantz have lent their voices to the marketing tapes.
Mr. Bock, 75, recalled, for example, that ''no matter how old you get as a writer, you're still called 'the boys' '' by producers.
In its time, methadone was considered a breakthrough: It got people off heroin, reduced fatal overdoses and slowed the spread of infectious diseases through dirty needles.
"Any more would have been less."
All those issues, they said, should be the subject of negotiations, not cases before the W.T.O.
That transaction replaced Century shares with Adelphia shares, Mr. Weitz said.
And he continues to build theremins, his "first love."
And a third responded: "Long live adventure!
"I wanted to see what I could do.
After dark, people stroll around Little Tub, stopping for ice cream or at the Crow's Nest, a pub that offers performances by local entertainers.
Like wine, Pu Erhs are stored in a manner (sometimes buried or put in caves) that enhances taste.
"The Globes are hugely important from a marketing, commercial standpoint."
If Grigg begins as a sand grain, Ms. Fowler gradually allows him the status of a pearl, one particularly valuable to Jocelyn.
Sedaris decides to wolf it down instead -- the chocolate bars, the wax lips, the candy necklaces -- before his mother can take it away.
''I see and hear everything very clearly!''
Maybe you'd like to hear their music?'
Anyone passingly familiar with the literature knows the list -- the loss of the South, the rhetorical (if not always operational) triumph of conservative attacks on liberalism's accomplishments, liberals' own failings and excesses, which alienated such broad swaths of the working and middle classes upon whom midcentury liberalism had relied.
He served in the Army Air Forces in the early 1940's, before joining the National Association for Retarded Children to help with research that led to the book ''Mental Subnormality: Biological, Psychological and Cultural Factors'' (1958).
For many, particularly the large networks, the potential risks still outweigh the benefits.
Though at the time the lawyers explained the behavior as ''Michael being Michael,'' they are said to have privately expressed consternation at the display of frivolity in the face of serious charges.
Gross, the word aha is the reaction one gives when bad news is followed by good.
The ads said "the F.D.A.
Right after ''Proof,'' Mr. Auburn wrote a play that didn't quite please him and that he showed only to friends.
The theme of struggle was emphasized in the way that Danny Tidwell moved determinedly forward in his solo.
It's about Bush's second term.
At the same time, the committee reviewed ideas for the ballroom's décor.
You hand them that, and they give you the 'is that all there is?'
I chose ''Concourse,'' and quickly registered as a one-day user.
The agency did not return phone calls requesting comment.
Three of his earliest films, out of circulation since they were made in the 1960's, are high points of this exhibition, and they show Baltimore as a gross-out Gomorrah populated by sex-crazed housewives, trailer park killers and senior-citizen terrorists.
On this day, however, Gilbert can't hit anything in.
They say, 'I didn't do anything,' and a lot of times you don't know what really did happen.
Or will they form new alliances in opposition?
Still, it is not clear whether Microsoft is ready to comply.
And we worked there for about a year.
There's not a plastic mammoth's tooth in the place, just hundreds of tools, beads and ornaments and 34,000-year-old engraved stones with animal and human images.
I was disappointed it was a tie game instead of having a one-run lead, but two pitches into the inning, in my opinion, he's still O.K.
He would expand the use of tax-free medical savings accounts and create ''association health plans'' that would allow small businesses to participate in larger insurance pools.
Peja Stojakovic scored 23 points, and the host Sacramento Kings routed the injury-depleted Los Angeles Lakers, 103-83, last night in an anticlimactic meeting of archrivals.
You can use soy sauce as a substitute, and the dish will be equally good, if slightly less authentic.
Ms. Hilton joined Michael Moore and the founders of Google, Larry Page and Sergey Brin, as one of Ms. Walters's choices for the 10 most fascinating people of 2004, rather exalted company for a 23-year-old heiress with a sprayed-on tan, a voracious appetite for pink clothing and a teacup Chihuahua named Tinkerbell.
The governor officially supports the stadium and the proposed West Side redevelopment that would surround it, but the hiring of Mr. Finkelstein may be part of an effort to change that.
The authority plans to raise 70 billion baht ($1.76 billion) this year selling shares to the public.
China now has tens of thousands of multimillionaires, some of whom do not follow Confucian or Communist codes of austerity.
Buena Vista said it did not enforce the clause, however, and agreed to scrap it to avoid a "costly debate over redundant terms."
Mr. Reagan's position as the Republican candidate for president was by then secure, but his official nomination would not come for almost two months, at the Republican National Convention.
The Eagles have struggled lately to find willing Louisiana opponents outside of their district and have lost this season only to out-of-state teams.
Luckily, we now have an answer, at least to the first part of the question.
That was done by the Iranians.
Ayesha's son is growing away from her in a way that she would never have imagined; it even dovetails with nightmares of her past.
She is called the Prima Donna and is a typically temperamental soprano.
"They had been arrogant, insensitive and elitist," said Joseph Dovinh, a Vietnamese-American who wrote the online petition and became the head of the advisory group.
A lot of writers make that mistake.''
Taken together, the two manslaughter charges carry a maximum prison sentence of 40 years.
''It's a good thing for judges to be more demanding.''
Dutch officials said Jewometaal s employees and nearby residents were never in any danger because the uranium oxide was not highly radioactive.
The city has even managed to sell its central location as a boon for efficient distribution at a time when domestic car sales here are booming.
The last team to win a World Series without a left-handed starter was the 1993 Toronto Blue Jays.
And what of those who accuse him of running simply to feed his own ego?
On the way back, passing the Javits Center, I found my joy interrupted by the horrid thought that, a few years from now, the spot that I was passing could be the site of a Jets game.
But in fact, Mr. Comey said, the plot was a ruse from the start.
Like so much else in the orchestral world, tour financing began to sour in mid-2002, with the recession and fears of terrorism.
Mr. Vajpayee's party is running an ''India Shining'' re-election campaign focused on the country's booming high technology industry, stock markets and an estimated 8 percent economic growth.
Two years ago, the district council ended a three-year trusteeship that Mr. McEntee had imposed after the council was rocked by a scandal in which more than 20 council officials were convicted of embezzlement or vote fraud.
Travel agents can also request a longer hold on a vehicle.
At a Najaf intersection, an Iraqi named Fadel Hejab spent much of the day trying to reassemble his livelihood: a small metal cart from which he sold light bulbs and electrical fixtures and parts.
"The Rottweiler" is an especially sure-handed mystery novel from Ruth Rendell, arriving 40 years after the publication of her first one.
A Queens taxi driver died yesterday after setting himself on fire in front of his home, the police said.
Back in 1950, he was on the losing side in that 19-18 game, a record-low point total for the league.
The county went to court to have those ballots included in the tally during the hand recount, and ultimately won their case in the State Supreme Court last week.
Her father is a director of sales in Hooksett, N.H., for a bakery unit of George Weston Limited, a Toronto-based food company whose products include Thomas' English muffins and Entenmann's cookies and cakes.
So do people in Queens take the rejections personally?
In these glimpses, Mr. Khodorkovsky looks pale, resolute and unemotional, much as he did in the years before the state police arrested him at gunpoint aboard his private jet in October, charging him with looting public assets and evading hundreds of millions of dollars in taxes.
In the three years since Mr. Kerik left city government, he has made millions of dollars in the private sector, much of it working for companies that do business with the Department of Homeland Security and that are seeking to expand their sales.
Bob Stevenson, a spokesman for the Senate majority leader, Bill Frist, Republican of Tennessee, said he was aware of no new information of a specific threat to the Capitol, which lawmakers and law enforcement authorities consider a potential terror target.
Experts say that recent vineyard investments are generally doing well, since the lower land prices more than offset the relatively low per-acre yields caused by the cool climate.
P.G., Maplewood, N.J. Why do you assume that your wife's way is the ethical high road -- that setting a limit on someone else's giving is ethical?
All are former Supreme Court justices and are appointed by the governor.
About 47 percent of all babies born in the United States each year participate in the program.
Like all interesting lives, hers includes a multiplicity of stories.
But he expected early voting to rise to 10 percent of the ballots cast this year from 6 percent in 2000, and perhaps even double.
The Vulajs and other Albanians were discouraged from using their mother tongue in favor of Serbo-Croatian, and discriminatory hiring policies left highly educated Albanian neighbors no choice but to work as subsistence farmers, Mr. Vulaj said.
To what kinds of basic regulations do you think students studying abroad should adhere?
''We live in crumbling, roach-infested buildings,'' she said.
Kayak does not disclose all of the sites it scans, but it says they total 60, covering 550 airlines and 85,000 hotels.
Each performance must sell, on average, 75 percent of available tickets in order to break even, compared to 55 percent or 60 percent for most high-end productions.
He amassed 262, breaking George Sisler's 84-year-old record, one of baseball's oldest.
-- he competed hard for the New York schools' job.
He has found overwhelming approval among his fellow ethnic Pashtuns in the south and east of the country, winning 90 percent of the vote in some provinces.
''''He likes baseball and liked to play baseball.''
This has produced a surge of jobs in construction, tourism, health care, education and retailing.
Pesky shares a locker with an icon of a later era, Luis Tiant.
What's been the impact of Sept. 11?
The Russian Tax Ministry described the Yukos claims as "an attempt to mislead the public."
MIDDLE TENNESSEE -- Announced the resignation of Cindy Connelley, softball coach.
US Airways and UAL Corporation's United Airlines are already bankrupt, and Delta Air Lines could file for Chapter 11 as soon as this month unless it is able to slash its costs and repair its balance sheet quickly.
''A quarter of a million call-center jobs have been sent overseas in the past three years,'' he said.
''We've pitched a little better,'' Showalter said.
We are the home of entrepreneurs, men and women who want to know the pride of accomplishment, the honor of self-sufficiency."
"There is general agreement that we will not propose that kind of thing right now," said Reha Denemec, a deputy chairman of the party.
The captive-breeding program that tried desperately to save the po'ouli, run by the San Diego Zoo, has had several other successes, hatching and rearing the 'alala, or Hawaiian crow, which is extinct in the wild, and the state bird, the nene goose.
There are dozens and dozens of types.
"We're just playing to get out of here."
Or rather, it had been his assistant, askingthe Hagels to join the Mannings at the banquet.
The business is adjacent to the Kil Brook -- usually a small trickle of water that feeds into the Hudson.
Along the way, they spread their idiotism -- a word that a recent lunch companion forced him to coin, to distinguish the actions of Idiot Bosses from those of run-of-the-mill idiots.
They carried the names of about 160 people who had written Mr. McGovern about the war, ''went and saw everyone'' and left with a skeletal organization in place, Mr. Stearns recalled.
The Nasdaq composite index surged 41.20 points, or 2.1 percent, to 1,969.99.
Mr. Fomenko, over more than three and a half hours, presented not an abridged version of the epic, but rather a fairly detailed rendition of just the first of its 15 books.
Mitt Romney, a Republican who has called for Mr. Kerry's resignation, to speak to the mayors' convention in Mr. Kerry's place, and Mr. Romney returned the favor by calling Mr. Menino a ''good Democrat.''
For the misdemeanor convictions of conspiracy and attempting to defraud the government, he was sentenced to 540 hours of community service.
championships and 10 Final Four appearances.
But that is enough for him.
Stephanie Zacharek is a senior writer for Salon.
Kerry advisers say they no longer see Pennsylvania as really in contention -- though Mr. Edwards is to return there on Sunday -- and that they believe Mr. Kerry is in strong position to win the other two big electoral prizes as well.
It is also not certain if, as some Middle East analysts have suggested, the United States will find itself with new obligations in Gaza, now that Mr. Bush has blessed Mr. Sharon's approach.
Fire and hospital officials did not identify them yesterday.
Mr. Sanguino also lets Colombia know where Arco Iris stands, recently testifying in Congress against Mr. Uribe's negotiations with the paramilitaries, saying the talks would reward murderers and drug-traffickers.
The Falluja Brigade consists of men from the town who signed up after the truce started last month.
Inside Beijing's Kunlun Hotel, where both teams were staying before the game, security guards and police locked arms to hold back a crowd and allow the teams to reach their buses.
But Dr. Timothy Gay sees it differently.
The museum's interdepartmental communications, she explained, are ''not so good.''
Google added a blocker to its toolbar, a small program that adds some features to Internet Explorer.
4 Gonzaga, which won its 18th in a row, extending its team record.
With the 14th pick, the colt's trainer, Patrick Biancone, deferred to the wishes of his jockey, Mike Smith.
Those are often the facts missing from the splashy announcements of big deals.
The opening of "1907: A Proposal From Paris," which takes the form of a letter from Richard Strauss, provides a typical example, establishing a 10-4-7-4 arrangement that runs intact for 200 lines: Herr Privatdozent, it is not my way to intervene in matters of this nature: our livelihood is, after all, our very life -- I know.
''I am the only candidate in the race, certainly now, who has any kind record of being able to win a general election in a Southern state,'' he said, referring to his 1998 victory in the North Carolina Senate race over an incumbent Republican.
Hugs and celebrations over, Francona announced his rotation on Thursday afternoon, with Curt Schilling, Martínez and Lowe to follow Wakefield.
And Mr. Prieto, who will be serving out the remaining 13 months of Mr. Impreveduto's term, said that the event also served as a celebration of the beginning of his new career.
Mr. Selzer said the Adirondack deal would help redefine land conservation in the 21st century.
He left after a rocky four innings against the Dodgers on Sunday, his shortest start of the season, complaining of a tired shoulder.
Now it is expecting to rake in even more in what analysts predict will be a heavily oversubscribed offering.
''I think I was hitting 80 when David Pincus -- he was very nice -- said, 'You can leave at 4 o'clock,' '' Stevie said.
An article on June 27 about a study predicting long-term climate changes in the New York region referred imprecisely to a finding that the sharpest increases in heat-related deaths would occur in the most developed areas.
Having breakfast with Mr. Denton recently, she told him about a few tips she said were too ridiculous to mention on the blog.
''What made him electable and re-electable was the sense that his major interest was in not being a partisan Republican.''
Cher took the opportunity to advise Mr. Shrum to pull Joe Lockhart, the campaign spokesman, off the air.
Rutgers, 33 Livingston Avenue, New Brunswick.
Nanci Griffith comes from the school of Texas songwriting that finds little epiphanies amid small-town lives and loves.
''Whether it's 30 or 10, it's a lot of medals.
''Eventually that's going to catch up to some of those houses on the beach in Montauk and Napeague.''
The bombings were not the first strike at Christians, who constitute less than 5 percent of Iraq's 24 million people.
Mr. Milosz was a man of quiet manner but strong opinions and he expressed them, sometimes to the distress of his admirers.
Mr. Seibel told his fellow library board members that there was a way to digitize much of the library's archived material and to offer it to the public via the Internet.
In aperture- or shutter-priority mode, for example, you can summon side-by-side sample photos to the big two-inch screen, which show the photographic results of the settings you're about tochoose.
Reportedly, one county boss was so enraged that he flung his office chair into a wall on hearing the news.
But not only do I think Kagan is wrong, I think The New York Times is wrong in not excising the remark.
Beyond the marquee event, there were several noteworthy performances Sunday.
But in a city where restaurants with celebrity chefs seem to open every day, the Oak Room -- its meals are cooked in the Plaza's central kitchen, along with room service orders -- has a hard time competing.
Gradually add oils in a thin, steady stream and blend until emulsified.
During the Gore-Bush election of 2000, Venezuela had just set out on a political path that would change it forever.
Free agents who sign major league contracts cannot have their contracts assigned elsewhere without their permission until the following June 15, but Gomez was not protected by that clause because he had signed a minor league contract.
Already the close investigation of the exhibits has further burnished the reputation of Akeley, Mr. Quinn said.
When the first film opens, Ming (Mr. Lau) has been in the employ of the Hong Kong Police Department for nearly a decade.
The smile on Shameka Christon's face said it all yesterday.
In my house, you pray after you eat.
For $50 a year, Xbox Live users can play the 100 online games currently available; that number is expected to reach 150 by Christmas.
''He has pretty much been in the whirlwind,'' said Leon Panetta, a former colleague and one of those whom Mr. Gephardt has consulted about life after Congress.
Mexican authorities have said some 260 women had been murdered in the gritty, industrial border city since 1993, including 100 women who appear to be the victims of serial killers.
I'm going to die of this disease, I know.
He has played only 30 minutes in December, including a scoreless five minutes Wednesday.
Because of a ''decline in variation,'' the bell curve depicting batting averages becomes steeper, with more players bunched together in the middle and fewer at the extremes.
Unicast says it hopes 50 million to 75 million ads will be viewed.
Gary Baseman, a designer, artist and television producer in Hollywood, draws inspiration from icons like the Michelin Man and Felix the Cat in his art toys.
For example, omitting the mayonnaise on the Chicken McGrill sandwich eliminates 100 calories and reduces the fat content to 6 grams.
is a hateful entity that ruins young lives.
There are still a few filmmakers -- not all of them French -- who are capable of infusing the bodily expressions of erotic desire with dramatic force and psychological meaning, but the vast majority are content with a few moments of sheet-twisting and peek-a-boo montage.
When mom tries to shame her by invoking starving children in Africa, Cassandra demands that she name them.
Tom Coughlin became the first head coach hired in the N.F.L.
Another issue that would linger is Weis's health.
agents to a boyfriend there.
That is also the case at Southwest, the sixth-largest carrier and the largest among the low-fare airlines.
Interestingly, this was also done by the governor who in the past few weeks issued an executive order aimed at a phenomenon called pay-to-play, New Jersey's winking-and-nodding way of handing out lucrative business contracts to political contributors.
In the coming movie ''The Day After Tomorrow,'' directed by Roland Emmerich, who last threatened Earth with alien warships in ''Independence Day,'' ''super storms'' destroy Western Europe, and Manhattan is covered in a sheet of ice.
From 1953 until 1967 Denton served as General Counsel and Executive Vice President of Vanadium Corporation of America.
After all, he said, it doesn't seem that most people are any richer.
His students, many of whom came to him to learn the art of improvisation, occupy organ benches around the country.
"It's wrong to allow skyrocketing health care costs to choke off new jobs, eat up family incomes and leave millions uninsured," Mr. Kerry, the Democratic presidential candidate, said yesterday during a campaign stop in Des Moines.
The veterans' group raised 90 percent of its $80 million in contributions last year from direct mailings, including 75 million pieces of mail that contained a free gift -- a calendar or greeting cards or, most commonly, address labels.
Republicans are not delighted about the influx of union members to Florida.
The wreckage of a helicopter that crashed in the Gulf of Mexico on Tuesday night was found submerged with four bodies inside, bringing to eight the number of victims recovered.
"American knows business travelers are looking for value, comfort and convenience," the airline said.
Sports Memorabilia Remains a Calling Michael Bertolini was neither a player, a coach nor a baseball executive, but he was big news on the sports pages in the 1990's.
''It's about putting the brakes on human self-deception, starting with my own.''
Born -- Yugoslavia, 1966 Arrived in New York -- 1989 Home -- Upper West Side THE NEXT WAVE Natasha Radojcic is the author of "Homecoming," a novel.
At 17 she rebelled against her upbringing by getting pregnant and giving birth to a daughter.
The moves, intended to define Mr. Kerry's candidacy, amount to a re-emergence of sorts by a candidate who largely yielded the spotlight to Mr. Bush after effectively winning the Democratic nomination in early March.
"If you've got pain and you can still go out and throw the ball like you want to, it's easier to manage.
Of course we've heard it!
Two subsequent transactions helped catapult Mr. Ryan into the leading ranks of the business.
''I think they work extremely hard.
They were identified as Shafiq Rasul, 24; Asif Iqbal, 20; Ruhal Ahmed, 21; and Tarek Dergoul, 24.
Young writers cultivate older ones so they can ask them to blurb their books.
The provisions, which would strengthen the government's surveillance and deportation powers, have been opposed by Democrats in Congress and civil liberties groups.
''This is not an issue that the Democratic leadership can demagogue on anymore,'' said Bob Costello, the group's president.
Ms. Ding, a resident of Beijing, was detained while visiting her ancestral home in Wuxi, near Shanghai.
The concert, one of the main events of the JVC Jazz Festival, was a sad reminder that once upon a time before pop music became a televised lap dance, music and social history were intimately connected in a tradition that stood near the forefront of American culture.
Services Thursday, November 11, 2:00 PM, Congregational Church, 23 Park St., New Canaan, CT.
And in any era, judges differ slightly on exactly how well the athletes performed.
"There's enormous musical background, enormous business background, marketing background, areas those of us inside the Met are very interested in dealing with."
"It's 1 a.m., and I'm the only one that's married," she said.
Frontline The Choice 2004 PBS, tomorrow night at 9; check local listings.
But the farm was too far from big cities to draw traffic, and he and his wife were determined to keep their land productive and do what they loved: raise apples.
They also pointed out that previous Pioneer and Voyager spacecraft, on fly-by missions, had passed safely through gaps in the ice, dust and rock of the rings.
Recalled RHP Robert Novoa from Erie of the EL.
MARIO WINANS -- This R & B singer and producer has a huge hit with ''I Don't Wanna Know,'' which uses an airy Enya sample (previously used by the Fugees) to make a heartfelt -- but short-sighted -- plea: ''I don't wanna know/ If you're playing me, keep it on the low/ 'Cause my heart can't take it anymore.''
''If you have the proper stride length when you push off, then you get the proper extension and flexion,'' he said.
Those who yell will not be asked.
Starting in 1996, when Fox News and MSNBC ended CNN's monopoly in the 24/7 cable news business, the suffering of those who have lost their children or parents, either to apocalyptic calamities or everyday crimes, has become the surefire ratings winner of TV news, cable and network alike.
Like a strong majority of Euroskeptical Britons, Blair is now lukewarm on both issues, which snatches the clothes of the Tories.
She is a communications associate in New York at the William T. Grant Foundation, which finances social science research about young people.
So when you visit, be prepared to be active.
As we were heading back to Manhattan and going over the pronunciation of words related to that day's lesson, a young Hasidic man got on the train and sat opposite us.
''President Bush's recovery has been almost as bad as his recession,'' he said.
The two men were charged with concealing material support for terrorism, which carries a maximum penalty of 15 years in prison, and participating in a money-laundering conspiracy, with a maximum of 20 years, officials said.
''I don't know of any others in the state that have taken this step.''
If secretaries had a similar role in determining their own pay, they'd come up with PowerPoint presentations looking at how their peers were compensated (e.g., the secretary of the Microsoft Corporation, the general secretary of the Chinese Communist Party, winnings of Secretariat) and conclude that $200 million is about right.
Torre is still seeking the old Heredia.
The ranking's top 50 players qualify for the British Open, the United States Open and the Masters, and the ranking also helps set the field for the P.G.A.
The best way for the Sox to accomplish this mission of mercy is to finish off the Cardinals before Schilling's turn comes around again.
"Here at Energizer, we refer to Lew as the 'father of alkaline,"' said Dan Carpenter, Energizer's vice president and technology chief.
While he has large cash volume because of the cost of organs, the flow is not always easy.
So the enormous, ungovernable natural forces of Niagara Falls and a woman's desire somehow merge in Gilbert's delicate psyche, become a single voice -- a siren's, beckoning him to foamy oblivion.
She is also an oboist and was until June an acting principal member of the Greenwich Village Orchestra.
Nadaburg's campaign in retirement communities raised almost $244,000, or more than $488 a pupil, under the rule in 2002, researchers have found, though the area has a much higher poverty rate than the state average.
"Brooklyn isn't such a pushover," she said.
Now it is New York's turn.
Dan Wall, Oracle's lead lawyer, disputed Mr. Scott's assertion that the unilateral effects theory applied in this case.
''The emotions are pretty intense here,'' Mr. Fiebich concurred.
Lemon argues, among other things, that the Nazis weren't such bad guys.
For remodels, garage additions cost about 15 percent more, Mr. Ahluwalia said.
The Bush administration plans to announce today a long-term plan for modernizing the nation's health care system with information technology, bringing patient records and prescriptions out of the realm of ink and paper and into the computer age.
2 to 4 p.m. Information: (212) 340-0913.
In the interview, Vincent said Miller also talked about growing up in New York, working for the war-production board during World War II and as an economist for the steelworkers, before moving to baseball in 1966.
The work here was Bach's ''St.
Its incredibly faint light had been amplified by the curvature of space around a giant cluster of galaxies.
Our heartfelt condolences to Dorothy and the entire Lewis Family.
Mr. Ross, 45, who confessed in 1984 to strangling eight girls and young women and raping some of them, is to die by lethal injection at the Osborn Correctional Institution in Somers, in northern Connecticut, on Jan. 26.
After Mr. Lafler got out of the Navy in the late 1960's, he went to his local employment office.
The appeals court in Ms. Corcoran's case said that if she had wanted to pay a percentage only of the additional money her lawyers obtained for her, she should have negotiated such a deal with them.
the Pete Best band and dozens more.
"You make your calls short, sweet and to the point," he said.
In 2002, it sought Chapter 11 protection from its creditors.
Mr. Boal learned early that creative experience feeds the dancer.
The company was spending an estimated $100 million to redesign the engine alone, but its engineers were bedeviled by problems with the cooling system.
Designed at the height of the cold war to penetrate Soviet radars without being detected and to shoot down Soviet jets in the event of World War III, the Raptor has taken 23 years to move from the drawing board to the assembly line and into an Air Force fighter squadron.
In such an environment, people are not always looking for the next job, but for the next rung up the success ladder.
The whole point of celebrity endorsers is to draw attention to products, of course.
A1 There is much in Senator John Kerry's past to suggest that he believes elections are won in the endgame, that he holds back on purpose.
Some have been especially creative.
Accommodation is in student ''rooms,'' some Brideshead in style, with separate sitting rooms and comfy sofas, others more austere.
He scored a double-digit victory over Mr. Edwards in Ohio, where Mr. Edwards had campaigned heavily in the calculation that his attacks on Mr. Kerry for voting for the North American Free Trade Agreement would lift him to victory.
''The allegations of sexual misconduct, rape, alcohol abuse and recruiting violations, and the potential role in all of this by university employees, are well known,'' Owens said at a news conference in the state Capitol.
You refuse to admit making mistakes, even when it is obvious that you made them.
LAST summer the Greenwich Village Society for Historic Preservation singled out 13 Federal-style row houses in lower Manhattan to recommend for designation by the Landmarks Preservation Commission, which is considering the matter.
Taiwan's exports to China soared to $35.3 billion last year, dwarfing imports, at $11 billion.
Kerry also blundered with a weird attack on an $84 item in the Bushes' federal income tax return, supposedly from a timber business.
Finally, I bought the Odyssey because it has a high safety rating and it's low maintenance.
It's free and open daily, 10 a.m. to 9 p.m; call (619) 296-3161 or visit www.bazaardelmundo.com.
He has assigned workers to monitor the chemicals in the pool every hour, 24 hours a day, and guards stand by at night to make sure revelers and crafty teenagers do not sneak in for unauthorized midnight swims.
It was Bill Moyer, the social activist who wrote ''Doing Democracy,'' not the television journalist Bill Moyers.
Also, simultaneous holding of the Games would spread the burden of providing security to more than one country, and strengthen the spirit of solidarity and unity.
''I found myself scrutinizing the indictments in several cases, including Martha Stewart's, and at some point, I though it would be interesting to write about.''
Joe Maciejewski, president of the New York State Association of Directors of Real Property Tax, said that ideally, assessed value should be the same as market value.
Although eight residents were in the building at the time, none were injured, and only two people on the 60-acre campus required first aid because of glass cuts, according to Jeff Schroeder, the chief executive.
The stories flow into each other so casually that only the flash of a subtitle signals the change of season and the transition from one tale to the next.
But I'll tell you, we're going to get those funding back."
''As far as I can see, no jobs will go to the locals,'' said Alou, who like many Tibetans uses only one name.
The Federal District Court in Seattle, in a ruling affirmed by the Ninth Circuit, has allowed the case to proceed to the pretrial discovery phase.
The perils of such behavior resonate throughout history.
Of course, most people don't feel that their taxes have fallen sharply.
''Brooklyn is not known for shy people, and certainly our chamber reflects the idea that Brooklyn is full of characters, and most of them run small businesses,'' he says.
Starring Nicole Kidman and Glenn Close.
This is a hybrid car.
The president acknowledged that "the tasks of the 21st century" -- fighting nuclear proliferation, AIDS, poverty and hunger -- "cannot be accomplished by a single nation alone."
Ritz-Carlton Buckhead, $231, (404) 237-2700.
Duquette continued to voice pessimism at the Mets' chances of making a strong push for Guerrero, the top free agent in this class, who remains unsigned a month before the start of spring training.
''It's very unfortunate,'' said Keith Martin, an electrical engineer in Denver.
Mr. Lowndes said such steep demand reflects an increase in population and also heavier demand because homes are larger and have more high-tech appliances.
Mr. Howard goes on at length about the film, his first western, which has moments of uncomfortably graphic violence.
Tomorrow night, he headlines a line-up of electronica acts that also includes the appealing micro-house producer Matthew Dear.
Even without preventive medicine, ''women in our study reported that this helped them to feel more in control of their migraine,'' she said.
More meaningful statistics, for those seeking to measure quality of education in terms of faculty accessibility, are average class size, average instructional load, percentage of faculty members who are full-time, and how frequently professors hold office hours or take their meals in student dining halls.
But at Least We Have A Place to Carry Our Keys Thank Heaven that ADAM MOSS does not feel the need to bolster newsstand sales of New York magazine by putting naked female flesh on the cover.
First was resolving what Mr. Thomas and Mr. Moranis would bring to the movie itself.
Then, in May 2002, outside scientists discovered nearly identical graphs in several of Mr. Schön's papers, even though they supposedly represented different data from different experiments.
(AP) NEW YORK:American Airlines, posting a big loss, has announced that it will squeeze passengers in more tightly.Several years ago, American decided to provide more room for economy passengers by removing rows of seats from its MD-80 and Boeing 737, 767 and 777 fleets.Some of those seats will be replaced.
It is my first man-on-man contact!"
The schedule: Today ''THE MIDDLE OF THE WORLD'' (Brazil), directed by Vicente Amorim, 6 p.m., Walter Reade Theater.
They took advantage, with Kevin Dougherty scoring five goals and Brian Nee four.
This is not to take anything away from Mr. Barmak, who had the self-confidence to embark on this project with donated equipment, a tiny budget and a cast of nonprofessionals recruited from the streets of Kabul.
The state now claims a virtual monopoly of written and broadcast media; foreign correspondents, meanwhile, are a thing of the past.
Since AIDS was first recognized in the United States in 1981, more than 400,000 Thais have died of the disease, 53,000 of them last year.
But there is also pure fun.
Still, Juror 43 ran afoul of the defense lawyers after he informed the judge that he had grown up in Italy and that in the United States, ''the defendants have, in my opinion, too many rights.''
The only candid shot of Mr. Kerry gathering material for the Winter Soldier hearings shows him solicitously asking a veteran why he felt the need to speak.
So when President Bush announced in 2003, three years after France gave her the Légion d'Honneur, that he planned to award her the Presidential Medal of Freedom, some of her friends, who had tried and failed to persuade Mr. Clinton to do so, feared that Mrs. Child might turn down such recognition from a Republican.
He wrote a book, just after the Reagan years, arguing that the Reagan brand of exceptionalism is a danger.
''I was so tired and I had trouble with the heat,'' Runyan said.
''Oh, yeah,'' Ms. Landau said.
And Jay Leno is being cast yet again as the man in possession of the prize.
Having said that, I think that rule has been very good in terms of the N.F.L.
Turn rice onto a sheetpan and spread to cool.
In a separate action later in the night, an Israeli aircraft fired a missile that killed at least two militants and wounded three others near the Jabaliya refugee camp in the Gaza Strip, witnesses and Palestinian security sources said.
Even with an additional 2.7 million doses promised by Aventis in January and another 1.5 million proposed to be imported from Canada, health agencies will receive slightly more than half of the flu vaccine that they ordered, said New Jersey's health commissioner, Dr. Clifton R. Lacy.
The life of a cabdriver is also notoriously difficult, filled with long hours and difficult passengers.
He was my doctor, adopted uncle, friend and if necessary he would have been my Rabbi.
He also said it was ''too early to tell'' whether there had been more than three men in the house and whether anyone had escaped before the explosion.
Commission investigations and hearings like the one yesterday are usually secret unless and until a judge is sanctioned, but Judge Bauer took the unusual step of asking to have the proceedings opened to the public -- and of speaking in his own defense.
of 115 and whose blood pressure, with medication, is 130, could now receive drug treatment.
The king retrieved it and put it on his own leg, snapping at courtiers who found this somehow amusing.
Iosef Hechter's story -- Sebastian was a pen name -- differs from many Holocaust narratives in that he never set foot in a concentration camp, though he lived in constant fear of being sent to one.
The series is divided into three parts: ''Height of Passion,'' ''Champions of the World'' and ''Sleeping Giants.''
Although the debate has not received an endorsement from either campaign, both debaters have been deeply involved in the race.
ST. LOUIS CARDINALS -- Recalled RHP Danny Harren from Memphis of the PCL.
''India is one of the fastest-growing economies in the world, and an important marketplace for I.B.M.,'' Abraham Thomas, general manager of I.B.M.
Mr. Simpson has said that in many ways, leaving the church for Hollywood saved his relationship with his younger daughter, who felt alienated from church youth group activities.
I need that person to dance to this music.
When she was 13, Moon Unit slipped a note under the studio door to "introduce" herself and her ideas.
One police major I met dismissed that short lecture and the rest of the course-work: "Your system," he told me, "will not work in our country."
Martínez looked into Abreu's eyes and nodded, "O.K., I'll do it."
The plan, you write, ''is being sold to the public through propagandistic ads disguised as TV news reports, and it turns out the government's top Medicare actuary was muzzled by superiors during the debate about the program's price tag.''
The company created a pagination program that made it possible to control the appearance of text on a printed page with software.
Other alterations were more limited but have left distinctive marks.
Grandfather of Samuel, Matthew, Thomas, and Stephen Dowdney.
Her father retired in June as the principal of Intermediate School 230 in Jackson Heights, Queens.
and struck out more men than he walked.
It comes without a shade and is $28 at Urban Outfitters, www.urbanoutfitters.com or (800) 282-2200.
" Most boathouses are part of what are known locally as camps and are rented along with a main house for as much as $8,500 a week.
Not everyone at Emo's was drawn by the political coloration of the night's show.
They sailed through the Narrows and out into the Atlantic.
One solution was to give the main characters traits that would be recognizable to viewers in the 20-plus countries where "Epitafios" is broadcast.
I think in some ways I have become part of the mainstream.
University of California regents, $265 million of debt securities for UCLA Medical Center.
President Johnson: ''Let's set predicate -- we can't pop it all at once.''
Bright red, prone to capricious scheduling, usually packed and generally Darwinian in the demands it makes of its passengers, the double-decker has retained pretty much the same place in the national soul as Flanders and Swann assigned to it: quirky, annoying, beloved, necessary and somehow worth every penny of the fare.
France Télécom also recently bought back shares in its Internet unit.
In the two right-hand projections, children play near an old car.
And in likely voters in battleground states, Mr. Bush is the choice of 49 percent of likely voters, compared with 47 percent for Mr. Kerry.
Wall Street observers have mentioned Washington Mutual itself as a possible takeover target, but any acquirer is certain to be hesitant about the bank's troubling exposure to rate increases and its unwieldy risk management practices.
There is, by the way, a precedent for Bush-style privatization.
Events Victorian art and architecture enjoyed sustained popularity in British colonies like New Zealand, perhaps because it provided recent immigrants with a nostalgic connection to the motherland.
Hoarding cash until an investment window opens is a form of market timing, skeptics say.
In a statement issued by the civil liberties union, he said: "The school lets other students wear antigay T-shirts, and I understand that they have a right to do that.
''If it doesn't happen, we'll still have our wedding.''
"It's one of the saddest things."
The explosion also ripped the facade off a nearby hotel and gutted several photography shops and juice stands.
Mr. Pellicano's former clients and employees have been questioned in the wiretapping investigation.
And that's how best it is to keep the peace.
But maintaining such low temperatures during the long trip from boat to plate is a very expensive proposition.
But every decision relating to the stock was a test of their loyalty; when their sister, Ellen, sold a few shares, the Rigas men snubbed her, as if she had broken with the faith.
Each participant's height, weight and blood pressure is taken, along with a blood sample that is tested for sugar, tobacco smoke exposure, pesticides, hepatitis C and herpes simplex virus, and poisons like lead, mercury, cadmium and arsenic.
But are empathy and imagination general things?
"He has rounded off so many of my rough edges."
A number of tour companies have organized itineraries that include, if not the actual Diagon Alley or Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, then some of the sites, later enhanced by special effects, that were those imaginary settings on the big screen.
General Musharraf has named a pro-American general as his top deputy and successor as army chief of staff.
Even in states where felons have the right to vote, they are rarely notified of this when they exit prison.
The big story out of Florida over the weekend was the tragic devastation caused by Hurricane Charley.
For example, some people assume that confronting their boss about a raise will be a catastrophe, said Dr. Wetzler of Montefiore, but it often simply is not the case, especially if they have prepared themselves by learning the market value of their skills at other companies.
CHICO O'FARRILL AFRO-CUBAN JAZZ BIG BAND, Birdland, 315 West 44th Street, Manhattan, (212) 581-3080.
The state has added nearly 60,000 jobs in the past year, recouping almost all of its jobs lost in the recession, Professor Seneca said.
Many Americans are facing the same questions today.
For those who think going to the refrigerator for a can of soda is just too obvious, there's a cool new alternative.
For the first time, we had a patron.
A powerful Shiite leader, Grand Ayatollah Ali Husseini al-Sistani, has complained that Washington's plans do not ensure broad representation of Iraqis.
asked his therapist, Ed Wormold.
g. Why is the current, alleged “political paralysis” so “peculiar”?
So far, the biggest market impact has been on industrial commodities like coal, copper and iron ore.
That way, she said, her shrubs stay around six feet tall.
Theater ''THE SNOW QUEEN,'' a one-act musical based on the Hans Christian Andersen tale, Sundays though Aug. 1 at noon at the Triad Theater, 158 West 72nd Street, Manhattan.
This summer the building's owners dismantled the Hollein facade, which Mr. Feigen called an act of vandalism.
One of the few remaining large independent agency companies, the Kirshenbaum Bond Creative Network in New York, is independent no longer.
At a news conference yesterday, Mr. Tankleff's supporters announced a petition drive for a special prosecutor and said that they had asked top state and local officials to endorse the effort.
There was a line of First Amendment vendors next to him.
KINETZ -- That in itself takes a lot of discipline.
Where to Stay A cross between a boutique hotel and a bed-and-breakfast, Amitee's on Ponsonby, 237 Ponsonby Road, (64-9) 378-6325, fax (64-9) 378-6329, www.amitees.com, was entirely refurbished by new owners in May.
But he makes clear that the best defense of affirmative action has always been that the alternatives to it are even worse.
Caesars Entertainment last week sold its Atlantic City Hilton Casino Hotel to Colony Capital LLC as part of a $1.2 billion four-casino deal.
According to Dr. Jones and the Hutton findings, although Dr. Jones and a colleague submitted a formal memorandum stating their concerns as Britain's ''foremost experts in their field,'' senior British intelligence officials never sought to discuss their concerns or convey them to Mr. Blair and his aides.
Retailers and factories make up the rest.
We deeply regret the loss of this most vibrant woman, who was born to a Viennese stage actress, Alice von Herdan, and an anti-Hitler revolutionary, Karl Frank, on June 13, 1924, in Munich.
''The final decision ought to be based as much on comfort level and chemistry,'' Mr. Ramusevic said, ''as on the quality of the thinking the agency offers.''
A1 New Plan for Controlling Iraq Pentagon planners and military commanders have identified areas in Iraq that must be brought under control before elections there.
Jihad, invoked by a variety of militant Islamic groups, is generally translated as holy war, but Dr. Khan insisted that it "actually means improvement, self-study, doing good with hearts and minds, and not holy war."
Target and Wal-Mart squeezed out Kmart; Best Buy and Circuit City made mincemeat of the Wiz; Lowe's and Home Depot steamrolled Channel and Pergament.
SRI LANKAN DAL Time: 45 minutes 1 1/2 tablespoons coconut oil or peanut oil 1 small onion, chopped 2 cloves garlic, chopped 1 sprig curry leaves, leaves stripped from stem (see note) 4 to 5 dried red chilies 1 teaspoon black mustard seeds 1 1/2 cups chana dal (yellow split peas), rinsed and drained 1 teaspoon turmeric 1 2-inch piece cinnamon stick 2 cloves, crushed in a mortar and pestle 2 cardamom pods, lightly crushed in a mortar and pestle 1/2 teaspoon fenugreek seeds 1 3/4 cups coconut milk Sea salt.
By contrast, Southern Baptists and other mostly fundamentalist churches do not observe Lent, and even Catholics have muted the ancient tradition of fast and abstinence that commemorated the Passion of Jesus.
He knows that living in China would not be easy.
To Mr. Mankiw's critics, it did not matter that his comments about outsourcing echoed the views of many sophisticated economic observers, from Democrats like Robert B. Reich, the former labor secretary, to Republicans like Alan Greenspan, chairman of the Federal Reserve.
$(6$)Worked with a bishop in Wisconsin to try to stop complainants from filing criminal charges against a priest by asking him to apologize.
After puberty, he studied as a tenor.
An article on Monday about a Korean family's struggle with the United States' health care system misstated the affiliation and title of Adam Gurvitch, an advocate for immigrants.
''We're going to ask for an exchange of prisoners.''
With an inland, uphill turn you cruise along the shores of Gotomeer, a lake that is a sanctuary for pink flamingoes, and eventually end up in Rincon, the oldest settlement on the island, and now a quiet, dusty suburb.
Despite those comments, which were largely anticipated, mainland Chinese leaders appear to have reached a new consensus that there is little prospect of negotiating with Mr. Chen, who narrowly won re-election in a disputed poll in March, and that Beijing must eliminate doubts that it is prepared to attack to enforce its will.
He caught the traffic noise sounding like an "orchestra tuning up" and the sounds of steel and glass "creaking and cracking" in 1999 the day after Hurricane Floyd passed over New York.
An experienced litigator in civil rights cases, Bell certainly has plenty of facts on his side.
Derek Jeter was wearing a gray hooded sweatshirt as he stretched on the grass before last night's game, looking like a college junior lounging outside his dormitory room.
"It lengthens the time when people can stay, which helps revenues," he said.
I walked with Odom through the hotel lobby, watching him sign autographs and pose for pictures.
Mr. Putin has been riding a wave of strong economic growth ever since Russia's 1998 financial crisis and default, largely on a crest of high oil prices.
This oculus, however, will look more like the lens of a camera, casting light on one or another area of the main room, where images of historical figures might be projected on the ceiling or famous battles engraved into the floor.
(Photo by George M. Gutierrez/The New York Times)
Neither Spain nor America stand alone.
In the past, the bindings and boots would combine to create a flat spot in the ski at the point where most of a skier's weight was applied, causing the ski to skid.
So nobody could imagine how incompetent, crude and over-the-top Kerry has been in this final phase of the campaign.
''More than 400,000 people died in World War II, and a lot of young people don't know that,'' said Jerry Colbert, the show's executive producer.
The chewy marinated rib eye was put in the shade by its platemates of Brussels sprouts and celery-Yukon smashed potatoes.
Cassette recorders are cheap and available, easy to use and virtually impossible for governments to control.
The President's Council on Bioethics expressed this belief system with considerable eloquence in its December 2003 report "Being Human": "We have both corporeal and noncorporeal aspects.
Then, when his Senate term expires in January, Mr. Miller says he will retire from politics for good.
Talk is useful in addressing the problems, education is crucial, but until we unite and together develop and implement local and global solutions to the wildlife crisis, we will continue to lose species.
If America were not fighting terrorists in Iraq, Afghanistan and elsewhere, Mr. Bush said, ''What would these thousands of killers do -- suddenly begin leading productive lives of service and charity?''
The judge set an execution date of Oct. 14, though that will probably be postponed by appeals.
And the if-you-build-it-they-will-come sensibility of the dot-com years was as ill suited for higher education as it was for most businesses.
He stopped at Linda Hoffmann's stand, where city dwellers fondled gnarly wild mushrooms, and told her about an omelet he served his wife on Mother's Day.
Saddam and his henchmen could have destroyed them as we entered into Iraq.
''We had someone watching over us that day,'' said Jeff Hoadley, the borough fire chief.
But what it mostly does is relieve some of the symptoms associated with menopause, like vaginal dryness and night sweats, that lower a woman's libido by making intercourse unpleasant.
Yet it is striking how resilient this perpetrator-as-victim narrative remains.
Consider this: Each day, approximately 60 bottles of formula must be prepared, served and cleaned.
But a lot of people who I think would benefit from these meds already won't take them because of various stigma reasons, so I'm a little concerned that this will raise that barrier even higher.''
That meant that, in addition to classes centered on card tricks, folding roses and stage fog, magicians would be invited to perform on campus and to explain their craft.
Mr. Messerschmitt told The Associated Press in 1984 that he saw the technology ''absolutely expanding.''
One was from Portugal and the rest from the United States.
''Finishing the Picture'' deals with a big-budget movie jeopardized by the unreliability of a Hollywood star named Kitty.
"They are a very important customer of ours for Penguin Classics," she continued, a line of more than 1,000 titles, several times the number currently published by Barnes & Noble.
agent, as well as others.
Although Met curators seemed to resent the amount of control being given to an outsider -- Mr. Lagerfeld had proposed a show that would combine Chanel's clothes with the work of contemporary artists -- the museum did not have a costume curator at the time.
The story opens at the hardware store and ends happily at the church's annual Covered Dish Columbus Day Social -- think of it as "Satisfied Housewives."
In the Red Sox' case, their wild-card position was not really in doubt the last month of the season, but they were still trying to catch the Yankees.
Knight, which is based in Jersey City, is the fourth firm since November to say it will reduce or close its market-making of the floor-based exchange's 1,700 options products as they consolidate operations on other exchanges with more electronic trading features.
''Absolutely, I have a knife,'' he responded.
The new study suggests that those spurs can also scare off diners before they attack.
For years, all four countries have held the bulk of their reserves in the Treasury bills, notes, and bonds that finance the federal budget deficit, leaving American consumers and companies free to spend more on other things and invest their spare cash in more promising ventures.
McCain twice turned to Terry Madden, the chief executive of the United States Anti-Doping Agency, for his assessment of baseball's drug testing.
The presidential debate between John Kerry and George W. Bush on Sept. 30 made it clear that North Korea is a critical security issue for the United States.
Israel said that it had begun to scale back its 17-day military operation into the northern Gaza Strip after the deaths of more than 100 Palestinians, but Gaza residents said there had been little change.
"I think it would be in a situation, we'd probably re-work the Meadowlands or re-do the arena somehow," he said.
''Aloft'' is organized around the spiraling convergence of outward crises and Jerry's inner realignment.
A1 Casino Chain Rejects Offer The Mandalay Resort Group, an owner and operator of 11 hotels and casinos, rejected a $4.5 billion takeover offer from MGM Mirage, saying there was too great a risk that the deal would not go through.
''The secret of happiness for any society is to cherish its identity rather than seek to suppress it, or worse still reduce us to the mere cash value we all represent at the bank.''
Like an early Donald Trump, Damen had a thirst for land and wealth.
MONTCLAIR ART MUSEUM ''Evolving Identities: Figurative Works From the 18th Century to Now'' and ''The Unseen Cindy Sherman: Early Transformations.''
Buoyed by the strong performance of ESPN and its other cable channels, the Walt Disney Company said yesterday that its profit rose 24 percent in its fiscal fourth quarter.
Aides to Mr. Zapatero said he would appear before Parliament, probably on Tuesday, to explain his plan and submit it for a vote.
''Without being with a family 24/7 you can do everything possible and still lose a child.''
The Hiram Bingham departs from Poroy, a station 20 minutes from central Cuzco, at the civil hour of 9 a.m. And while it pulls into Aguas Calientes at 12:30 p.m., more than 2 hours after its plebian counterparts, it starts back at 6:30 p.m., while the Vistadome leaves at 3:30 and the Backpacker at 3:55.
So will Mr. McGreevey propose a millionaire's tax?
She walks along stacks of logs.
But to the party and the real Mr. Hoffman, who was entertaining friends of his son from the N.Y.U.
He can also move to power forward when Mourning is on the court.
Treasured son of Ruth Schekter and Bill Zirinsky.
The women's event was attended by about 150 women, most of them designers, marketers, educators and students.
The situation was described as scandalous by Boris V. Gryzlov, speaker of the Parliament, and is to be addressed at a plenary session today.
The Yankees would like to void Giambi's contract, or at the least convert it into a nonguaranteed contract.
Just how precisely this squares with the new campaign finance law that allows such groups, known as 527 organizations, to raise unlimited sums for politics so long as they do not coordinate with the candidates or the national parties depends on how much one takes Mr. Ickes's word about the distance between him and the Democrats.
Without the support from the bondholders, the deal fell apart, and analysts said that Trump Hotels would have to look for new investors, or restructure its debt and its relationship with bondholders without the help of a third party, or sell itself to a rival casino operator.
But the practice is not widespread, said Michael Garrahan, the jury program specialist in the state's administrative office of the courts.
FRANZ FERDINAND -- Musicians have been wearing their influences on their sleeves since rock 'n' roll began, and in the last few years we've seen a whole slew of young bands giving their spin on their parents' and older siblings' record collections.
In fact, throughout, in the simultaneous translation provided by the company, the English version sounds flat.
Executives close to Mylan said that the investigations did not deter its interest.
And then, just for a little sense of history, visitors might wander over to the LuEsther T. Mertz Library, to browse through "Cultured Conifers," an exhibition of rare 18th-century books, copper etchings and lithographs that trace the economic uses of these ancient trees, from making charcoal and gin to curing cancer.
As Google begins its life as a public company, the question is not merely how valuable it will be -- it is how powerful it will be.
''It is a reasonable position to have some colleges for which you have to be prepared to do the work,'' she said, ''and not to have open admissions everywhere.''
''What we can do, we shall do.''
How would these articles have been different if they appeared in the same paper today?
On Monday, he suggested that his leverage was minimal.
Rehabilitated if not sanctified, that quaint bogeyman, the Male Chauvinist Pig, crawled out from his cave to beat his chest, grab his crotch and preen discreetly in upscale art films.
The odds appear stacked against him; he has 3 career victories to Clemens's 317.
The company said fourth-quarter net income rose to $222 million, or 22 cents a share, from $19 million, or 1 cent a share, a year earlier.
The New York City Opera, the co-producer, will eventually bring it to Lincoln Center.
Refrigerate for up to 1 month.
It said the alliance could not participate in a forum that was created parallel to the Parliament and headed by a president who was also army chief.
''The enemies of the exchange smell blood in the water,'' said Matt Andresen, head of global trading at Sanford C. Bernstein & Company.
I'm also friends with her.''
As anyone who's talked to Jarred for more than 10 seconds knows, he's a hard guy to beat in an argument.
RAYMOND J. LEUNG Berkeley, Calif., Feb. 13, 2004
That is how much J.P. Morgan Chase paid William B. Harrison and Goldman Sachs paid Mr. Paulson.
He added, ''It is completely flat with no trees or hollows.''
Mr. Arenas said that he was upset that J&J's owner, Julio Navarro, had not pressed the supermarket to stop locking in the workers after some workers complained to him.
Designer jeans, a product New Yorkers cannot seem to get enough of, are now creeping toward the $200 mark.
According to one American military estimate, this included three million tons of bombs and bullets; millions of AK-47's and other rifles, rocket launchers and mortar tubes; and thousands of more sophisticated arms like ground-to-air missiles.
The asteroid, which is believed to be about a half-mile in diameter, was observed on May 10 by Brian Skiff at the Lowell Observatory near Flagstaff, Ariz. Its distance from the Sun varies.
Pierre was kept for a week of examination, he said.
But in a landscape as shaky as any, it is not certain that Payton will be a Laker next season.
It's not something that naturally occurs to me, the publicness of it.
We extend our sympathy to his daughter, Dassah (and Dr. Howard Wang), son, Sid Washer, and grandchildren.
Sunday from 1 to 3 p.m., ''Tea With Friends, Part II,'' a workshop in selecting, storing and brewing tea led by Elizabeth Knight, the tea sommelier for the St. Regis Hotel; refeshments follow the session.
Admission: Tuesdays through Thursdays, $5 for adults, $4 for students and those 65-plus, $1 for children; Fridays and Saturdays, $8 for adults, $7 for students and those 65-plus, $4 for children; Sundays, $12 for each admission; members, free at all times.
The state-run Iranian News Agency in Tehran said that Iran ''deplored'' the expulsions, and quoted an unidentified Foreign Ministry official as saying, ''This is aimed at disrupting the daily routine of Iran's permanent representation office, and this is not in harmony with accepted norms.''
There's a big gathering of coaster enthusiasts on Sept. 4, then it's just weekends through Sept. 19 and the Haunted Graveyard on Fridays and weekend nights in October.
And even when deputies did stop the truck, they thought it was a domestic dispute, he said, because the driver identified the woman as his wife.
Can you give me an example?
But under Mr. Wittig, Westar's debt ballooned, and regulators in Kansas sought to block some of the company's more aggressive deals.
Another defenseman the Rangers could be fielding offers for is Tom Poti.
Even Mr. Breen concedes that costs remain far too high.
We hope it's not too late.
It comes from a rare translation of a little-known saying, or "hadith," from a Muslim text, the 100 Maxims of Imam Ali, who led the Muslim world a few generations after Muhammad.
As Kevin Zanders, Jonathan Jackson and David Childs stood flanking a bright red Salvation Army kettle outside Grand Central Terminal last week, it was hard to imagine their frigid hours of bell-ringing as an exercise leading to a college diploma.
On a stage littered with blankets, books and paintbrushes, bisected by a pool of water representing the Tigris, Ms. Raffo, who is in her early 30's, pivots from one character to the next, composites of women she knows from eight years of interviews and living-room confessionals.
(He was fresh out of art school; she was a writer and photographer.)
Orr launched into a 20-minute locker-rattling rant that could be heard beyond the walls.
The transponders are one of a number of technologies that American, British and French forces will test during combined exercises along the East Coast in June.
But it was Mr. Jiang, acting in his capacity as chairman of the Central Military Commission, who decided to detain Dr. Jiang on June 1 and subject him to political indoctrination, according to the people informed about the case.
It was graves like these that convinced Holland she had to stay in Iraq.
The big question is how standards for management of digital rights will develop.
Phil Mickelson used to be asked regularly about his having never won a major championship.
The slower growth underscored the growing aggressive competition from phone companies like Verizon, which are making inroads in the fight for broadband customers and could continue to win new customers at the expense of the cable operators, analysts said.
Yesterday's attacks indicated that despite its crackdown on Al Qaeda militants, Saudi Arabia was still vulnerable to terrorism.
''When they are young, they do not have the strength to do the simplest moves, let alone the combinations which are the equivalent of slipping a Ferrari in and out of gears at high speed.
About a mile down the road, Mr. Bass pulls onto the gravel shoulder, tapping the brakes and stirring up a cloud of white coral dust.
"Invading Iraq has created a crisis of historic proportions, and if we do not change course, there is the prospect of a war with no end in sight," Mr. Kerry, the Democratic presidential nominee, told an invited audience of party advocates at New York University.
White and his wife, Sara, said the speech had kept the network from hiring him.
The painting stolen in December, ''Special 21 (Palo Duro Canyon),'' has not been recovered.
He was leading the American League in on-base percentage (.434) and walks (64).
Moreover, he said, he was told that ''the consequences of insubordination would be very severe.''
He said lots of players started slowly before finding their rhythm, and the same is true of the man who could have been the Rhythm of Boston.
But Two River and the State Theater are plugging ahead with their long-range plans to pump new life into their organizations.
At the meetings commanders are grilled by their bosses, in front of their peers, about crime trends in their precincts and what is being done about them.
Houston, whose left knee hobbled him throughout the season and might require surgery, has a contract that will pay him $47 million over the next three years, including $17.5 million next season.
However, how much Mitsubishi Tokyo is willing to pay for UFJ "is the main point," Mr. Amano said, because even in Japan, UFJ would be hard pressed to justify a decision to accept anything but the highest bid.
It still takes two decades to build a major weapons system, and the costs are still staggering.
But now we're talking about subpoenas, the F.B.I.
But the urgency with which they sound the alarm requires attention.
The survey indicated that Muhammad Mohaqeq would place third, with support from about 5 percent of those polled.
All of the other scouts figured to be looking at Leetch, who turns 36 today.
"It was not his writing, but how smart he was about life, about books, about people."
Sergeant Wilson, 24, an Army Ranger from Hermiston, Ore., was caught in an ambush two months ago just outside Baghdad.
Mr. Grundfest, who led a three-member acquisition committee, said the Oracle board decided against a friendly approach and in favor of quick action because it was likely that PeopleSoft would have rejected an acquisition in which it was not the survivor.
Most important, the designers are systematically building a financial case for why such hospitals are more cost-effective than the old-style hospital that emphasizes function over feeling.
"Laguna Beach: The Real Orange County," a verité series that starts tonight on MTV, is really high school, so precise -- a nervous, thrilled look at a tribe of kids making romance out of shared mood swings over one hallucinogenically sexual summer.
That can cost more than twice as much as a basic armoring job, and requires technology that only the biggest armoring companies here have.
His designs include a pair of gold slippers decorated with diamonds and rubies; a set of small gold cases mimicking postal enevelopes, with stamps painted in enamels and the owner's name and address engraved to imitate handwritten script; and a pair of gold cuff links in the form of nuts and bolts that screw together.
PARELES DICK FOX'S HOLIDAY ROOTS OF ROCK, Westbury Music Fair, 960 Brush Hollow Road, Westbury, N.Y., (516) 334-0800.
Santa Fe in August is a whirlwind of Native American art shows and ethnographic antiques, where everyone's celebrating the cult of relics, including some relics that still walk and talk.
Students are interested in chief executives who have harnessed the energy of innovation to do great things for society.
McCabe spins sentimental fantasies that are no less nostalgic for their wall-to-wall suffering.
series eight years ago this month (and jumped to Broadway, where it remains), he briefly wielded a weapon as well as a baton.
''We want someone who hasn't been there for 15 to 20 years if you're going to bring change.''
But there a couple of caveats.
Loving mother of Karen, Wendy and Nancy.
Lolita assumes that people only pretend to be interested in her as a way of gaining access to her father, who neglects her in favor of his luscious young wife (Virginie Desarnauts), their 4-year-old daughter and his own monumental ego.
Kathy Grace, a Web site designer in Austin, said that she is more likely to send instant messages to her husband, Dennis, than to her daughter Ariel, because ''we're on different systems.''
The sting will not go away anytime soon.
Wanda Blackmore, I met here from Missouri.
And I had a wonderful time.
'' But the Knicks are still listening to trade offers, with the Atlanta Hawks trying to redirect the recently acquired Rasheed Wallace and the Golden State Warriors discussing deals for center Erick Dampier.
In the sixth, Jose Cruz Jr. crushed a game-tying homer to right, and Martinez, Julio Lugo and Hall followed with doubles to give the Devil Rays a 5-3 lead.
The success of Newington should put to rest any doubts about the viability of the far more ambitious project planned for the Olympic site.
In the spring the county leased a 7,000-acre parcel of land from a mining company and it plans to turn it into an off-road park.
And it doesn't necessarily have anything to do with 1918.
Linda Thomas Brooks, executive vice president of General Motors Media Works, a unit of the Interpublic Group, said she had been advocating stricter guidelines on third-party sales, in part so her company could be persuaded that such papers were actually being read.
We extend our deepest sympathies to his beloved wife Marge; to his children: David, Jeffery, Susan, and Judith; and to the entire family.
About 150 leaders attended the gathering, representing many of Shiism's most influential political, religious and professional groups.
Amazingly masklike at first, her face follows her body in telegraphing numbness and evolving nuance.
"I've met about three genuinely undecided people," said Travis Sydney, the president of the Young Democrats.
So they just sat there, refusing to put out new leaves.
With respect to our, how we've spent our careers I obviously made a choice for public service.
Health economists at the Lewin Group, based in Falls Church, Va., said they were astounded to hear the name of their company mentioned in the final presidential debate on Wednesday.
''Our main focus right now is to preserve James O'Rourke's memory,'' said Michael Bielawa of Woodbury, vice president and secretary of The First Hit, the group working to restore Mr. O'Rourke's former residence and move it across town in what could be a $1 million project.
The others either play with stereotypes in different ways or criticize them.
Shoppers are out of the gates, and the race is on.
But the bureau's more accurate advertising page figures show that after losing about 21 percent of its ad pages in 2001 and 2002, the magazine industry was flat in ad pages last year compared with 2002.
He added, ''The answer I got was, 'This is how military intelligence wants it done.'
Motorola's revenues for the quarter, $8.02 billion, were 4 percent ahead of the $7.7 billion the company achieved in the last quarter of 2002.
The argument Alexander advances is no less dubious.
Warne and Miller are linked not only as perhaps the most charismatic Australian cricketers of the postwar era but by both having played Australian football for the St. Kilda club in Melbourne — Miller with sufficient success to win senior representative honors in the early 1940s, Warne in the junior ranks in the late 1980s.
's director of compliance, inspections and examinations, outlined her office's extensive and troubling experiences with the company and urged the commission to scrutinize Metropolitan's operations.
The Mont Blanc inquiry has wound down, although investigators are still monitoring the communications of a few people.
Conditions in many of the institutions were described by the experts as ''deplorable,'' with blood, mucus and dried feces on the walls of many high-security cells.
TINCHER--Robert K. Sr. Mocal Enterprises, Inc. mourns the passing of their associate and colleague.
Goldstein argues that the scheme of a business like iTunes is actually more efficient and democratic than the commons model championed by the Copy Left.
In one clip from the show that Ford executives played at the campaign kickoff event yesterday, a family whose home is being extremely made over opens the garage to find a Ford F-250 Super Duty pickup.
Except during presidential visits here, when he is usually at his brother's side, Governor Bush gives the appearance, at least, of focusing more on the workaday duties of running his state.
And the president's been very busy running around the country using what I just described to you as a reason to say I'm wishy-washy, that I'm flip-flopper.
Concourses deserted earlier in the week were bustling with travelers, luggage in tow, hurrying to catch trains for the holiday weekend.
Mr. Westfall said that the difference in image quality between the two cameras becomes apparent only in 8-by-10-inch prints and larger.
They struggle, not for victories, but for public affection.
''The irony is by that charging Echeverría with genocide, he may have ensured impunity,'' said George Vickers, Latin America director at the Open Society Institute in Washington.
Part of the team's motivation was to take better advantage of underused public displays.
Then came Bunny, the Ibizan hound, or Ch.
Accusations of prisoner abuse surfaced last week when the television program ''60 Minutes II'' broadcast pictures of military police officers posing with Iraqi prisoners at Abu Ghraib, a prison west of Baghdad.
Long before the railroad existed, a man crossed the mountains on a horse.
Rich Saudis bailed out George W. when his oil company went bust.
As a captain with WestJet Airlines, Allen Byl estimates that his salary is about one-third less than that of his counterparts at Air Canada.
And when I started coaching, players took two-minute shifts, maybe longer, while today the shifts are 45 seconds.
"Pay attention to that sound" was something he told me.
In comparison, Spring Ridge is a modest investment.
"I'm not voting for Kerry.
But the full force of Mr. Taniguchi's vision is best understood from the garden, which was once quietly tucked away at the rear of the museum.
One way the chains are trying to gain market share is to develop a soothing message for business travelers beaten down by the stresses of life on the road.
At the brand-new Citizens Bank Park in Philadelphia, ''ballpark bankers'' drive fans from the parking lot in golf carts, usher people to their seats, and, yes, discuss opening new accounts.
But a partly privatized system would produce a cut that's likely to be bigger and an income that would be far less reliable.
Within minutes, two dozen Iraqis emerged from buildings to push cars away from the flames and pull down a tent where gunmen had been seen taking cover.
Explain to students that they will be examining and comparing the several other examples of executive response to major events mentioned in the article.
But experts are also urging governments to take a more informed view of the long-term consequences of hiding information.
The pain that we feel from outsourcing must be similar to the pain that a farmer in a third-world country feels when her agricultural goods cannot compete with imported ones.
to go our own way."
Ad pages declined 0.5 percent in April compared with April 2003, the bureau said, after a decline of 1.9 percent in March.
Tickets: $5 and two cans of food; $10 (Dunning).
Math and science education-group business grew 16 percent.
The only other time Detroit won 13 in a row was in the 1989-90 season, when it won its second straight N.B.A.
Some of the coaches at the rival universities do not talk much anymore.
Both groups were invited by the government and the electoral council to monitor the signature gathering that set off the referendum in December, but their criticism of the electoral council's efforts to disqualify and delay a decision infuriated Mr. Chávez's supporters.
The advisory group members insisted that the exhibit refer to Vietnamese-Americans as refugees, not immigrants, because they fled their country for political, not economic, reasons.
Two residents critical of the district's response to the abuse ran for the board, but only one, John Rossi, who defeated a longtime board member, Norbert Billig, won a seat.
I chatted with a French couple with slightly different views of Armstrong.
Just this week, hospital administrators and state health officials met to discuss ways to avert fiscal disaster.
You hear it in Josef Suk's performance of the Violin Concerto with Karel Ancerl, and you hear it in the Talich Quartet's Opus 81 Piano Quintet or String Quartet No.
Even as digital technology continues to proliferate, demand for chips in laptop computers, cellphones and other electronic devices is not growing as fast as it once did.
It is part of an education drive by Citizen Change, a nonpartisan group.
Ordained in his father's church, First Baptist Church in Leander, Tex., he continued as a full-time youth minister, leading groups of kids on hiking trips to Colorado and missionary visits to New York, where they sang on the subway and handed out meals at a soup kitchen.
There are 1,500 to 2,000 licensed waterfowl hunters on Long Island, according to state Department of Environmental Conservation statistics.
Now, about 36 percent do.
Here is the familiar, early story of modernism that the Modern virtually invented under its founding director and genius, Alfred H. Barr Jr., and elaborated on, brilliantly, under William Rubin and Kirk Varnedoe.
The 80's were a heady time for architecture in Los Angeles.
Such was his progress that Mr. Reeve in February 2003 decided to have surgery to free him from the respirator that had enabled his paralyzed lungs to breathe.
"It's for the guy that wants something more aggressive."
Dear sister of Laura Reed.
They're counterpointed by handsome modern windows donated by de Gaulle on a 1967 visit.
''Nobody ever listened himself out of a job,'' Calvin Coolidge once said.
The researchers also determined that Archaeopteryx ''closely resembled modern birds in the dominance of the sense of vision and in the possession of expanded auditory and spatial sensory perception in the ear,'' characteristics necessary for flight.
Her family returned to Afghanistan, and she found work in a U.S. construction company, where her bosses were so impressed that they began arranging a scholarship for her to go to Canada to study.
The director understands that intrigue is like a physical force in the material, and that Lady Chung's secret adherence to a religion with its own strict codes complicates the psychological maneuvering.
SIZE OF ACCOUNTS -- The individual accounts are not likely to be nearly as large as some proponents have imagined.
A version of the technology has long been used in military planes, but it's expensive and cumbersome, as well as messily pyrotechnic.
KANSAS CITY CHIEFS -- Signed P Steve Cheek from the practice squad.
When Mr. Conley came home that evening, he found that his aversion to music had disappeared, and he began writing a torrent of new songs and soon founded the band Consonant.
They Hummed in Europe, Too Hummingbirds just got a lot older and wider.
SHOWBOY Directed by Lindy Heymann and Christian Taylor; written by Ms. Heymann, Mr. Taylor and Jason Buchtel; director of photography, Joaquin Boca-Asay; edited by Kant Pan; music by Daniele Luppi; produced by Mr. Buchtel; released by here!
Correction Appended Google revised the document it will give prospective investors yesterday, to state even more pointedly that the unusual auction process for its initial stock sale could cause its shares to fall after the offering.
A barn and a three-seat outhouse are still standing on the grounds.
''It's like having a big white sheet of paper to draw on!''
You could go to the movie theater and collectively worship against the Bush infidel."
To people struggling for emotional and material security within their increasingly modern and fragmented societies, they offer the consolations of tradition, especially of family values.
''Really, now, it seems like it doesn't matter if you have a bachelor's degree.''
When Marlene Negron left Lima, Peru, for the United States two and a half years ago with a temporary work visa, she intended to return to her homeland with money to buy a house and escape a life of poverty.
Until the company's internal investigation is concluded, its brokers will be operating under a cloud.
Tavarez then fired a fastball behind Jeff Bagwell's head, drawing a $10,000 fine.
The rebels have also killed and robbed civilians, but not nearly as often as the Sudanese government.
The History Channel has endeavored to make it clear that the program expressed only one point of view, and that the History Channel does not endorse it or any other theory of the assassination.''
Some gay Republicans said the president had gone too far.
Starting at about 8:30 a.m., a major ''Internet performance issue'' was detected, according to Lloyd Taylor, vice president for technology and operations at Keynote, which tests and monitors Web sites.
Opera 'AIDA' The Metropolitan Opera often succeeds in making a spectacle of itself; at least the spectacle is warranted in the case of Verdi's "Aida," originally conceived as grand opera.
We crawled out a window and shoveled our way in a second time.
Since white inmates are the minority, Mr. Hill said, they are more likely to be sexually, verbally and physically harassed.
Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Tuesday that ''if at some point the military decides that the string has run out, then they will tell us that and take appropriate action.''
Our beloved land has been fogged with fear -- fear, the greatest political strategy ever.
She was a daughter of the late Judge Learned Hand and Frances Hand, and the wife of the late Norris Darrell, a partner of Sullivan & Cromwell, and President of the American Law Institute.
She said it was a gift from an employee who took it off a dead German during the war.
PEEKSKILL - IN its 14th year, Zephs' sits on the fringe of town here, its handsome brick face trimmed with dark green shutters and cup-and-saucer vines.
It's like like the purity of a child's love for its mother.
You'll also notice a tiny shrine panel from eighth-century Kashmir; its open-relief carving shows Buddha descending from heaven as hovering bodhisattvas offer garlands.
The center, Mr. Sheehan said, would bring together information from a many sources, giving the department access to databases maintained by the research organizations and containing information that could prove vital.
There is a growing demand for the team to make changes, whether that means a trade or shaking up the lineup.
Contributions in his memory may be made to Volunteers of America-Greater New York, 340 W. 85 St, NYC 10024; or the Colorectal Cancer Network, PO Box 182, Kensington, MD 20895-0182.
One of the mandates of the federal court monitor is to reduce the number of children sent out of state.
George E. Pataki have long grumbled that when the State Legislature wrote the Freedom of Information Law, it weakened the provisions dealing with itself.
No place is too public, seemingly no activity too private to interrupt with a cellphone conversation.
When you click on ''send'' to deliver that e-mail note to your lover, mother or boss, you realize that you are not communicating directly with that person.
So was Montreal's director of pro scouting, Pierre Gauthier, who has been at several Rangers games recently.
Our deepest sympathy is extended to the bereaved family.
Over and over again, I've written about family, the dangers of it, the possibilities of it and the wisdom of letting people be who they are."
Already the lassitude of the outside world seems to have seeped through the dormitory walls along with the winter cold.
Ford has been struggling since to catch up with Volkswagen and G.M., which have their most important operations in Shanghai and have turned China into a mainstay of their profitability.
Afterward, the Knicks flew to Boston for a rematch with the Celtics, affording them an opportunity for instant redemption or double jeopardy.
"We've done that in the past; we may or may not do that in the future, depending on who these individuals might be."
But two weeks later, when you step out of the gondola into the 20-degree temperatures at the summit, the bladder suddenly feels as if it were chipped from stone and the plastic shell is as supple as battleship armor.
's accusations and was not fined as a part of the settlement.
But then, Mr. Kurzweil's success as an inventor has been based partly on ignoring conventional wisdom and a willingness to pursue ideas that may seem extreme.
Paris Fields, a landlord with three properties in the Sag Harbor section of the Hamptons, strives to find long-term tenants who ultimately become, as he put it, ''like distant relatives.''
The bar's founder, John Cryan, was once Essex County sheriff; his son, Joseph, is a Democratic assemblyman from Union County.
Joseph passed away in Brooklyn while preparing his 30th High School reunion.
We believe that all Americans ought to have access to available to medical care and that they ought to have access to the finest schools in the world.
The player, whom Hewitt declined to name, decided he did not want to lose to Duke every season.
Wigged and powdered and looking like a Restoration Bernadette Peters, Mr. Crudup plays Ned Kynaston, an actor who, thanks to a law that banned women from appearing on the stage, became the leading portrayer of female characters in mid-17th-century London.
Stevenson noted that all vaulters are trying to get to the heights that Sergei Bubka of Ukraine reached.
"It lives in this organic schmutz that protects the soil from erosion."
Gordon Fisher, the chairman of the Iowa Democratic Party, said he was confident that all the positive press the president was receiving would wear off.
''This is clearly aimed at being more provocative and trying to age her up to an older following,'' noted Laura Groppe, president of the Girls Intelligence Agency, a Los Angeles-based marketing firm that tracks teenage trends.
''It is a strange turn of history that called on young men from the prairie towns and city streets of America to cross an ocean and throw back the marching, mechanized evils of fascism,'' Mr. Bush said.
White House aides were so confident that Mr. Bush would have a chance to nominate at least one justice in his first term that they compiled a list of candidates.
All but one charge, conspiracy to murder, was later dropped.
As one member of the crowd hurls a ball, a soldier operating the Active Denial System (it looks like a squat satellite dish) targets an unruly protester in the weapon's viewfinder, squeezes a trigger that releases a beam of energy and, in a split second, one ''civilian'' howls and scampers away, fanning his rear end.
His common-law wife was also killed.
The annual Lake Success Little League Parade, where young Giants, Dodgers, Indians and Yankees rode triumphantly in their dads' convertibles past suburban ranch ranches, was the greatest event in the history of the world.
United States Congressman Anthony D. Weiner and Assemblyman Brian McLaughlin are considering running and have each raised more than $1 million.
"Most people do not need a dedicated country-specific fund and would be better served by a diversified international fund."
''This smacks of a bad adviser trying to make him seem less grandfatherly,'' said Marion Maneker, author of ''Dreaming in the Dark: Lessons in Men's Style From the Movies.''
They are under no pressure, however.
Indeed, talk to any middle-aged Chola and her daughter and you are bound to find a generational split.
thrown into limbo after a federal court ruling last month blocked him from entering the N.F.L.
"You think back to who you were in high school," Mr. Attonito said before the Starland concert, "when you had no grasp on who you were.
Mr. Zeigler says that one of the most significant moments in his life occurred in 1968 when, at age 19, he read ''A Fighting Chance'' (J.B. Lippincott), a book by the Scots yachtsman Chay Blyth and a partner, John Ridgway, describing their harrowing row from Cape Cod, Mass., to Ireland, battling the relentless Labrador Current.
Besides a short visit from his parents three years earlier, when Eitan and I had just met, his family had not visited us in New York.
It's not much, but it isn't nothing.
But it has no supermarket, forcing residents to do their grocery shopping in neighboring Wall Township.
She is survived by her children, Mitchell and Zhava Glaser of Easton, CT; Roy and Rita Krasik of New Rochelle, NY; Sheri and Alan Baron of NY, NY; Adrienne and Mitchell Cohen of Freehold, NJ; Sandra Pinter of Howell, NJ; and ten grandchildren, Stephanie, Miriam, Jennifer, Jenni, Evan, Michael, Daniel, Brian, Matthew and Max; and a sister-in-law Sylvia Mendelson of Sunrise, FL.
''He is impressionable,'' he said of Mr. Williams.
Unfortunately, he says (in his own display of Occidentalism), we have so debased our virility, our sense of shame and honor, that we risk not being able to produce men who can honorably practice the ruthlessness required to protect our society.
A native of Suffolk County, Mr. DuBois was born in Gordon Heights.
Medical insurance premiums, a good proxy for overall health costs, have risen about 60 percent during the Bush presidency.
''No one wants to get to the bottom of this more than the president of the United States,'' the White House spokesman, Scott McClellan, said.
According to the complaint, the loan was sold several times and ended up at First Horizon Home Loan Corporation in Irving, Tex., a subsidiary of a national bank, First Tennessee.
Like it, the VW power plant responds on hard acceleration like a thoroughbed leaving the gate, and the six-speed Tiptronic transmission permits manual gear shifting, which is especially effective when you are driving enthusiastically.
He was until July a deputy director in the office of special investigations in the criminal division of the Justice Department, where he led the prosecution of John Demjanjuk, an auto worker whose citizenship was revoked when it was found that he had been a guard at Nazi camps.
He is a son of Maureen and William Meyer of East Greenwich, R.I.
The Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory has received a commitment from Msgr.
Not surprisingly, though, the F.C.C.
While he was aware of the charter provision, she said, he initially chose to ignore it.
I arrived at Stansted Airport the next morning via the Stansted Express train from central London, a trip of about 45 minutes.
So people are going to continue traveling, regardless of whether that service is available from one airline or another.
In 2003 it caused two deaths.
With such a rule, and without opt-outs, trades would be more likely to go to markets that had the best prices posted -- or at least to those that were willing to match the best price.
"There are seven different kinds of beans with the lamb," Cesare told me.
''I haven't spoken to any people who say I love pop-ups, send me more of them,'' said David J. Moore, the chief executive of 24/7 Real Media, an online advertising firm.
It is generally accepted that 1,021 people died, almost seven times as many as in the Triangle Shirtwaist Fire in 1911, which killed 146 and is often thought of as New York's worst inferno.
He spent the past season as an adviser with the Chicago Cubs.
Waksal is a star, though, with a charisma that Denby perfectly captures, maybe because it never quite stopped charming him.
''But I'm in the managing business because of him and I'm appreciative of that.
MOST days, Rick also proposed a hiking alternative for those who did not want to kayak for the entire day.
JOHNSON--Hazel K. June 8, 1919-October 2, 2004.
Hillwood, which opened to the public in 1977, embraced all these changes starting in the mid-1990's.
''Five Days to Midnight'' was originally to have appeared over five nights, June 7-11, but Sci Fi ran two episodes on June 7, ending the run on June 10.
Indeed, a procession of top strategists have moved back and forth between Mr. Kerry's campaign and the advocacy groups, drawing fresh rounds of Republican protests.
In 1948, he was the collegiate national champion in foil and led his team to the national college team foil championship.
The illustrations had become murky with 70 years of slowly accumulating grime.
Mr. Abraham remained in office for a full four-year term, something few have done since the first energy secretary, James R. Schlesinger, took office in 1977 under President Jimmy Carter and resigned two years later.
And at the end, "Bear Cub" does have a brush with sentimentality.
Congress has it fully within its power to do that.
Eye injuries from paintball games have increased among children, even as the protective gear for the sport has improved, according to a study released yesterday.
The promotion will feature a succession of other artists and their MySpace profiles until it concludes at the end of this month.
They implied that they had better things to do.
Mr. Simone, a developer who reportedly was a contender for the Reader's Digest property, is building the Hutchinson Metro Center, an office complex in the Bronx on the foundation of what had been a state mental health center.
They will have to be further trained, Mr. Saeed said.
The plans drawn up by Robert A. M. Stern call for an exterior of brick and cast stone to match the brownstones of the neighborhoods nearby, and Joan G. Wexler, dean of the school, said it would be completed in the spring of 2005 at a total cost of $83 million.
Torre will have to resist using Rivera for more than an inning at a time.
Those of us who came to this cinema late, well after the Shaw brothers' early heyday, look to it for relentless pace and nonstop stimulation, not impeccably formal reveries on mortality.
In last week's episode, the first of ABC's seven-part series about the American jury system, a man named Mark Ducic was on trial in Ohio, accused of using Oxycontin to murder two associates.
But most Democrats were afraid to ask the question.
It costs about $100,000 to $150,000 each year to drive in the Dodge Weekly Series.
The quiet disposition of his case stands in stark contrast to language F.B.I.
''The most important thing for me is to talk to the people tomorrow night the same way I did to those people in living rooms in Iowa,'' he told reporters Tuesday afternoon on the plane to Boston.
In the past few years, Guarente made great strides toward this goal, first finding a single gene that could extend the longevity of yeast cells, then finding a strong link between the activity of that gene and calorie consumption.
Eventually, Mr. Christofi drove some of the guests to the Williams mansion and toured it with them.
''Does he like to make money?
In the Great Neck area alone, 231 co-op units had been sold by Dec. 6 compared with a total of 131 for all of 2003.
Rees at the very least flirted with the Communist underground, while von Trott played a highly equivocal role of a different kind.
He will not play football for the second consecutive season.
If the United States is not interested, perhaps Japan's government could enhance its standing with the electorate by purchasing the Spanish club.
When you fry them in olive oil, the oil intensifies their saltiness and turns their outer leaves into a crisp shell, creating delicious crunchy bits that can be used as both seasoning and texture.
It is the first sign of an easing of the political tensions that the outgoing president has warned risked leading to civil war.
On Tuesday, he was again trying to add froth to the frenzy of Portuguese support, urging fans to wear red to support the team.
But, of course, there were none.
This can save time because it means that a programmer does not have to write versions of the program for both computer systems, but the R.P.C.
In this blame game, it's always the other guy.
Like a small, imaginative child, he was, to himself, the world entire.
"We set out to try to create a more human connection, to keep it more basic, keep it more real, keep it more sensible," said Lee Garfinkel, chairman and chief creative officer at DDB, part of the Omnicom Group.
The Monserratians in the United States do not automatically have British passports.
''Lawyers, a lot of translators, academics, corporate executives, and we're just starting to attract some of the U.S. military personnel stationed here, which is really exciting for us,'' he said.
At his bedside were his wife, Joy, his daughter, Marguerite, his 4 sons, Peter, Michael, David and Jonathan, and his granddaughter, Silintira.
He has disappeared from the political scene to get a face-lift, and appeared in the pages of his wife's authorized biography as ''not a man ready to confront reality.''
Mr. Metzmacher is a new-music specialist, so one has to assume his account of the Henze 10th was more authoritative; certainly the playing sounded surer.
What evidence there is of a conspiracy to concoct a false explanation of the stock trade ''deals with the conduct of Mr. Faneuil and Mr. Bacanovic, and very, very little of it deals with the conduct of Ms. Stewart,'' he said, referring to Mr. Bacanovic's assistant, Douglas Faneuil, who testified for the prosecution earlier in the case.
Another friend, who worked as a home health aide, prepared me for what to expect as my father moved closer to death.
''You do hear about counselors having a good time,'' Mr. Ellertson added.
While serving on a ballistic missile submarine, he was found manning the missile control panel dressed in a green surgical gown, mask and gloves taken from a medical cabinet.
In collaboration with the 12 Miles West Theater Company.
''It's big, because with a guy like Palmeiro, anything can happen.''
But the main event is the setting, designed by Matthew Lusk, the show's organizer.
player to reach 1,700 points.
The American Conference of Cantors records with sorrow the passing of Cantor George Weinflash, distinguished past president of the Conference from 1965 through 1967.
Last Tuesday, he admitted in a Houston court that he violated his probation by testing positive for cocaine last month, Licht said.
The more than 75,000 absentee ballots that have been requested in Cuyahoga County, which includes Cleveland, could decide the election.
Since then, courts, and even the Justice Department's own internal regulations, have recognized that to preserve the important free-speech interests involved in news gathering, journalists should be subpoenaed in only the rarest of cases.
He will succeed Mark Emmert, who was named president of the University of Washington in Seattle in June.
And after the election breakdown of 2000, the solution, to many, was plain: electronic voting machines.
But not many people are aware that a trove of drawings, specifications, photographs and other data exist on one lesser-known structure -- the 1909 apartment building at 36 Gramercy Park East.
Ms. Langel co-wrote a pertinent book published in April, ''Making It on Broadway: Actors' Tales of Climbing to the Top'' (Allworth Press).
But it is a reminder that Curry dramatically painted tornadoes racing across the prairie.
''Philip Rivers is somebody we love as an organization,'' Chargers General Manager A. J. Smith said at a news conference Saturday.
Although politics now tend to favor punishment over rehabilitation, studies, like one conducted in 1987 by the California Corrections Department's research unit, found that arts and crafts programs in prisons resulted in lowered recidivism rates.
An inmate at a jail on Rikers Island collapsed and died yesterday afternoon after he was attacked by six other inmates, a spokesman for the city's Department of Correction said last night.
''Otherwise they would be slaughtered,'' Mr. Apaid said.
Last year, Mr. Powell asked Edward P. Djerejian, an experienced diplomat, to travel the world to examine the failures of American public diplomacy in the Arab and Muslim worlds.
He is survived by his wife of 68 years, the former Laurina Banks; three daughters, Julie Miller of Orcas Island, Wash.; Caron Avery of Manhattan; Stepper LeBoutillier of Perrysburg, Ohio; a son, Steve Girard of Palm Springs, Fla.; a sister, Margaret Girard Smith of Lafayette, Calif.; 10 grandchildren; and eight great-grandchildren.
''There is a great amount of activity with those buildings right now,'' she said.
''I also did not want to bring another severely ill child into this world or be in the position where I am unable to give my children the full care and attention they need,'' she wrote in an affidavit under the name Jane Doe No.4.
''If I don't blitz them and get some of those things out of the arsenal that will get those things dug out, they're going to run the ball.''
Maurice Clarett's attempt to have the National Football League's age-restriction rule struck down so that he could join the league hit perhaps its final roadblock yesterday when a federal appeals court ruled that the restriction was not an illegal restraint of trade.
Organizers say that they are now considering acquiescing to a Bloomberg administration proposal to rally along the West Side Highway from Chambers Street as far north as 34th Street.
Mr. Oriente said he understood that the money would be shared with the mayor.
Dr. Akhmed Mogushkov, the chief doctor at the republic's main hospital, tried to reach the emergency room as the battles raged but could not get past the first street without encountering gunfire.
While doing research for ''The Master,'' his novel about Henry James, Colm Toibin was on one of his many visits to Lamb House, James's home in the seaside town of Rye.
Daffodil is one of three (almost) identical redheads, whose mother (a taller version) loves a good party.
Even after Piazza hit a towering drive off the 457-foot sign on a brick wall over the left-center-field seats in the seventh inning, giving him 361 career home runs and 350 as a catcher, he was moved to first base because the outcome was no longer in doubt.
The October contract fell to $46.05 a barrel.
But rather than shock audiences, or run up bar tabs at the Groucho Club, these guys just want to paint.
"Should we have gone there?
''At the end, he wasn't being given any more work,'' said Robin Lally, a hospital spokeswoman.
They have some authority, too, to undermine the green reputation that the governor wanted to seal with his Highlands plan.
He is reported to have refused for 15 years to sell the rights to the romantic novel to Hollywood and to have rejected as many as 50 offers to bring it to the screen.
But they also point to a second reason: the speed of the market timers' turn from stocks.
''We strongly urge the kids to wear their seat belts,'' he said.
''In the turnarounds that do well with new C.E.O.
-- Will it have been worth it, even if you lose your job because of it?
It contests a federal German law passed in 1960 that conferred special rights to shareholders who own 20 percent of Volkswagen's shares, the amount traditionally owned by federal and state governments, and requires an 80 percent majority for major decisions, like a takeover.
Also worthy were pan-seared sea scallops upon a colorful display of vegetables: pea pods, broccoli rabe, carrots and tiny cubes of fried potatoes.
In addition to real-time text messaging, AOL Instant Messenger software can transfer files directly between two connected users, including documents that might be too large to e-mail.
Manning connected with Brandon Stokley for his first three touchdown passes and with Marvin Harrison for the last three.
Then there is the issue of sex for sale.
You're not credible because of it.''
Asked if the problem would be resolved soon, Jones paused, clearly in no mood to pass around the tin cup again.
"It's almost impossible to live in the 21st century and look around and say that religion has no impact anymore," he said.
As first selectwoman, she also helped to organize the bipartisan Litchfield Hills Council of Elected Officials.
The polls were conducted by Edison Media Research of Somerville, N.J., and Mitofsky International of New York City for the National Election Pool, a consortium of ABC News, Associated Press, CBS News, CNN, Fox News and NBC News.
When you open your gift, be gallant and say, "You have no idea how much this means to me!"
Tuesdays through Fridays at 8 p.m.; Saturdays at 4 and 8 p.m.; Sundays at 2 and 5:30 p.m. Tickets $59.90 to $64.90 (Lawrence Van Gelder).
We took a picture of him and I didn't notice until I saw the picture but his face was lit up.
They sent military fighter planes to escort overseas flights thought to be at risk.
Saatchi & Saatchi, part of Publicis, named Kevin Dundas, 43, to the new position of worldwide strategy director.
If he had been asked to read, what would he have chosen?
In the middle, Suzdal soldiers shoot the icon with arrows.
at the governor's first inaugural ball 10 years ago.
The agency may wait to see what additional evidence emerges from the Balco case, especially if it goes to trial later this year.
The Democrats are also wrestling with the lessons of past culture wars.
The most recent exhibition, which opened last October with loans from 34 museums around the world, hung Manet's work alongside the Spanish masters who influenced him, illustrating young Mr. Zugaza's approach.
Newspapers print the names of the dead, names that eventually make their way onto memorials -- cold comfort though it may be to those that loved the dead and ache for them.
She is a certified public school teacher; her annual salary is $25,720.
''Especially from old grandmas like us.''
Previews begin in early February.
Even though X-rays showed there was no break, Yankees Manager Joe Torre said, ''It's incredibly scary.''
New this year in the 2005 Honda Odyssey (the first minivan to carry a noise-reducing system), the 2005 Honda Accord Hybrid and the 2005 Acura RL (the company's luxury brand), the kindred systems use microphones in the front and rear of the vehicle to analyze noise from the engine and exhaust.
87, 160 West 78th Street, Manhattan.
Now, I'm not one to read into things, but guess which wing of the hospital the maternity ward was in?
It's very frustrating to be haggling over the budget.''
''Let's put it this way: he had very high expectations of us,'' she said, adding that they were expected to beat their peers at reading, walking, even potty training.
While she told investigators she had had consensual sex with Firefighter Deluca, she said that she had then been raped by three other firefighters in succession, the official said.
Xochimilco conducts moonlight gondola rides on its ancient canals, with songs and ghost stories, in English upon request, Oct. 30 to Nov. 2, (52-55) 5560-2058.
Messier, the Rangers' 43-year-old captain, was kidding.
Garton Ash argues at one point that there's no point offering prescriptions that are "trimmed already to all the existing constraints," and that there's no point writing another Sermon on the Mount.
Today their television advertisements are almost pornographic."
contract and INF John McDonald on a one-year contract.
(Ages 10 and up) 7 9 2 THE SUPERNATURALIST, by Eoin Colfer.
The Delhi High Court said there was no evidence to show that Mr. Gandhi had accepted money to clear a $1.2 billion artillery deal with the Swedish concern Bofors almost 16 years ago, a Bofors lawyer said.
IT is a family drama: the son struggling with his grief and the mystery of his mother's recent death.
Agriculture is a source of great pride in Sri Lanka.
(Every time there isn't a story providing a précis of a new policy statement from the Dean camp, it's almost the same.)
NUMBER OF EXT'S SOLD SINCE NOVEMBER 2001 -- 26,761.
Trudi Hirsch, who supervised the hospital's chaplains for almost four years, called the Singer Division the best hospital she has ever worked in.
That has put the burden on private institutions using private funds to keep the United States competitive.
''And I've definitely crashed on Matt's couch a number of times, and he's picked up a lot of checks.''
At the time, news reports said she made contributions to the ballet and other New York causes, but Ms. Reagan said in an interview yesterday that Mrs. Schreuder's mother, Berenice Bradshaw, actually made most of them.
With inflation starting to rise, the bonds have become less attractive and the central bank has been struggling to sell enough new bonds each month just to pay off old bonds falling due.
''He wouldn't want to miss it.''
And, between the two there is the complex palimpsest of rank and achievement including, say, a knighthood for a rock star, bestowed by the tap of a queenly sword on a bowed subject's shoulders (arise Sir Mick Jagger!)
It isn't shunning stocks entirely.
But we did see, stepping down the carpet, RADHA MITCHELL, who plays Barrie's wife, KATE WINSLET, who plays Llewelyn Davies, and DUSTIN HOFFMAN, who has a small part as an American theater producer.
Private investment pools attracted virtually no state pension money a decade ago, but the typical state pension fund now has nearly 5 percent of its assets in them, and some states have far more.
Investigators spent yesterday afternoon removing charred chunks of wood from the building and, at one point, dusting a pay telephone across the street for fingerprints.
Actresses watched today: I finally saw "Bridget Jones: The Edge of Reason" and, man, does this one make the first movie look like a masterpiece.
Douglas Durst, a prominent Midtown developer, would not estimate the value of the Jujamcyn theaters.
The legislation's emphasis on testing has drawn criticism from some educators and protests from some school districts, but the officials on stage with Mr. Bush here said they were enthusiastic proponents.
As the Mets try to diminish the sizable gap between themselves and the rich-in-ability, richer-in-payroll Yankees, they hope Wright can be a major part of their revival.
Thus the extraordinary West African pop music scene in Paris a few decades back, and the continuing excitement of the music and art created by British citizens of South Asian descent.
He worked his end of the chemistry exam perfectly.
She does not wonder how she knew.
KANSAS CITY ROYALS--Optioned INF Jarrod Patterson to Omaha of the PCL.
That defection was coupled with strength among moderate-to-conservative white voters.
The pièce de résistance on the modern side is ''La Promenade'' (1895), a wonderful four-panel folding screen by Bonnard with a scene of the Place de la Concorde floating across the panels in bold, flat areas of color (Grace Glueck).
Later that evening I asked Conor why he was content to play in the parking lot, but wouldn't join in with his team.
Yet homework is now an issue not just for parents, but also for those who care for the children of working parents.
Fidelity, based in Boston, has committed a considerable amount to developing Retirement Income Advantage.
And they don't care if their friends and families think what they're doing is awful.
Water was coming out of every orifice!
So she sold a license to use the Fetish name to a California company with experience making and selling clothes.
He harasses and attacks females, which weigh half his hundred pounds and lack his thumb-thick canines, or he terrorizes the low-ranking males he knows cannot retaliate.
She has been told that the waiting list for public housing is prohibitively long, and she has been unable to reach federal disaster relief officials on the telephone.
Last Monday afternoon arrived with an electrical fire under the East River that closed Pennsylvania Station, and sent tens of thousands of commuters scurrying for Hoboken by way of the PATH train -- kind of a mix between a public restroom and a public restroom.
Even Mr. Danson and Ms. Steenburgen's endorsements of General Clark have apparently had benefits here.
''Good to see you out there.''
Silverstein needed to build a building that had rentable floor plates,'' said Elliott Sclar, a professor of urban planning and public affairs at Columbia University.
Her mother guaranteed a bank loan, for what Ms. Beaumont hoped would be a $130,000 house, and the deal was done.
While word of an attack had been common knowledge in Montclair since Wednesday, when the allegations were first reported in The Montclair Times, the news that arrests had been made and charges formalized shocked many residents of the leafy suburban enclave of 40,000 people, 12 miles west of Manhattan, that is known for its diversity, its high-quality schools and its relative affluence.
Sister of Kathleen and the late William.
(The spread is a play on Vietnam-era images of hippies offering flowers to soldiers.)
Before dealing with the dampers, he fitted in a felt-edged slat that would keep the keys from bouncing and clacking.
After a period in which Spain and several other countries have pulled their troops out of Iraq, Mr. Bush said he did not expect NATO to contribute any more troops to Iraq.
Her performance of Prokofiev's Sonata No.2 exults in the music's turbulent energy and sarcastic wit.
He just talked and just really cried about the loss that he felt."
White towels marked the spot where he fell.
The average monthly income is $95.
Correction Appended From the joys of a fruity Beaujolais to the miseries of hangovers and alcoholism, humanity has, through the ages, felt the effects of that potent and universally consumed substance, ethanol.
That would seem to make a $2 ticket more suitable for framing than for cashing.
As for whether he succeeded, he said, that's up to the artists.
The quotations that started this mess were surprisingly pedestrian.
A caretaker of the child who later visited the apartment discovered Mr. Neal dead on a bed in the apartment, the police said.
The tours leave Sunday at 4 p.m. through Sept. 26, although for groups of 15 or more, tours can be arranged any day.
Columns: Nicholas D. Kristof, William Safire.
Then Najia flitted in and leaped on her mother, flounced her sun dress, and flew back out of the room.
Lacking some of the spectacular site-specific, architectural works he did later in his career, the show, which opens on Sunday, is nevertheless a qualified beauty, and the latest sign of Minimalism's reconsideration.
KDDI led the way in driving down mobile phone fees in Japan by introducing a fixed-rate plan for mobile data services, like e-mail and surfing the Internet, a year ago.
You can experience the negative emotion, but not sink so deeply into it that you can't get out.
He wrote, ''Those who pretend to know everything and settle everything finish by killing everything.''
Paintings dense with incident, like those by Carey Maxon and Alex O'Neal, take time to sort out visually, while the images in drawings by James Nelson and in the inky paintings of Stephen B. Nguyen are so abstract or delicately executed as to be hard to see.
And Zuma Zuma and other private lodges have a certain advantage in game viewing, because their 10-seater Land Rovers can roam everywhere from bush to dry river beds -- a fact that allowed us to approach within 20 feet of some animals.
But his case against despoiling Florida's landscape is hitched to so much fabulous funny business that it has a stealth effect rather than a crusading one.
For two years, the president didn't even engage with North Korea, did nothing at all while it was growing more dangerous.
''The last time I checked, Los Alamos prided itself on problem solving,'' he said.
I plan certainly to be here to do that.''
Shares of DirecTV fell 51 cents, or 3 percent, to $16.51 yesterday.
Why don't ambitious dramatists start writing history plays again?
Dr. Evans wrote that the findings indicated that fortification ''represented the biggest single step in the reduction of birth defects to date.''
5:30 p.m. Information: (718) 624-4743.
On Monday evening, Iraqi policemen standing guard at the prison said they knew of no questionable acts that had taken place inside.
Pilots perform other duties along with time spent in the cockpit.
As the season for lobster rolls winds down, here's an option for fall and winter: the lobster burger.
"My voice and the voice of McCain and Snowe and Collins are very important in the Republican caucus," Mr. Specter said.
But the fainting only got worse as Armstrong proceeded through graduate school.
''I'm not sure we were going to attract a merger partner a few years ago,'' he said, referring to some problems the bank was trying to rectify since he was hired in 2000, like troubles related to the purchase of the First USA credit card company.
Two days later, Mr. Balde died after a fistfight with a female passenger in Washington Heights.
Rotunda: He's a friend of the litigant on one side and a friend of the lawyer on the other side.
Although the mauling two years ago has been mentioned often in the debate, Ms. Branyon said, ''Any rule you make would not have prevented that.''
Tonight and tomorrow night at 8, 10 and midnight; cover charge is $20 (Ratliff).
Seven decades ago, their parents were among thousands of northbound African-American migrants who made their neighborhood, Morrisania, the Bronx's premier black community.
And you think that will lead to democracy in Iraq?
Twenty-five million a year in salary and they're just not playing."
15 33 DIGITAL FORTRESS, by Dan Brown.
Brown allowed just four hits, and only one big one -- a third-inning home run by B.J.
She graduated from Trinity College in Hartford and received a master's degree in speech-language pathology from New York University.
''In retrospect, looking at that but clearly looking forward, I simply would not be in that situation with an athlete.
After the sermon, gunmen fired at a car carrying Mr. Kubanchi but he was not injured.
After paying a $5 cover, I circle behind the B&B and find the band in the backyard, set up on a small stage.
Don't wait until more troops are sent, and thousands more have died, before telling truths that could end a war and save lives.
Correction: October 25, 2004, Monday An article in Business Day on Friday about the loss of benefits and prestige for pilots because of the financial problems of the airlines referred incorrectly to the status of John B. McFadden, who works for United.
Security officials in Britain have complained to American officials about the disclosure of information about the arrests of Mr. al-Hindi and others, suggesting that leaks could jeopardize criminal cases that are expected to be filed soon.
Democrats insist that the case will ultimately be revealed to be a politically motivated smear campaign by United States Attorney Christopher J. Christie, who is himself a potential Republican candidate for governor in 2005.
Her mother is a design consultant at the Second Yard, a home décor store in Virginia Beach.
Taking down the du Maurier novels, I saw that I had bookmarked each of them with memorabilia from summers past.
The loss of Stoutmire hands a bigger job to Alexander and stretches a secondary already riding out a foot injury to cornerback Frank Walker.
Bush defenders are not interviewed, and some of his lifelong detractors are not always clearly identified as such.
''If you think about the result, it's not necessarily going to happen,'' said the Australian Allana Slater, who finished 10th.
And men, no matter how accomplished and feted by the world, remain hard-bitten patriarchal taskmasters vainly striving to rule their pitiful little fiefs.
Concerns about the Bar Building's historic value, and the possibility that the city might condemn it, had held up Mr. Cappelli's project for months.
Museum admission: $5; 62+, $4; students and children 5 to 17, $3; children under 5 and members of the Staten Island Historical Society, free.
For reasons that remain unknown, Atta and Omari took a commuter flight to Boston during the early hours of Sept. 11 to connect to Flight 11.
The issue is headed for a showdown before the Federal Election Commission, which is scheduled to make a decision by May on how these groups can spend soft money.
''Based upon a preliminary review of the facts and circumstances,'' Mr. Brown said, it appeared that Mr. Marte shot Mr. Keitt in self-defense.
All four men chose a life in the arts.
"It was never supposed to be a family business.
The investigation comes just two months after a detective and his retired partner were arrested in a stunningly audacious scheme in which, prosecutors said, they conspired with a drug-money courier and stole $169,000 in narcotics proceeds in broad daylight.
This allows both for painstaking, "Perry Mason"-style reconstructions of witness testimony (which involve props like switchblades and diagrams) and for impassioned, arialike speeches.
Diners at Union Square Cafe got a foretaste last week while perusing the menu: accompanying the description of a daily special was a promo for the PBS series "Nova."
Bellhorn hit a two-out double off the St. Louis Cardinals' Matt Morris to drive in two runs on Sunday night and help Boston breeze to a 6-2 victory in Game 2 of the World Series.
Nor can it be imposed, even by the most well meaning or well armed.
Keeping the Celtic tradition alive by performing at parades, weddings and funerals is more to the point, he said.
The Cantors Assembly expresses its profound sadness on the passing of a dear friend, Millie Shapiro, the wife of our esteemed Executive Administrator, Hazzan Abraham B. Shapiro.
North Korea began opening up immediately after its first summit meeting with South Korea in 2000.
''They let us know they'd fire people for going out the fire door, unless there was a fire.''
Interestingly, he had no trouble at all tossing off the big top notes.
She said no four times.
When the restaurant's owners sent a letter to about 15 art dealers in September asking for proposals to fill the famous restaurant (designed by Philip Johnson in the landmark Seagram Building on Park Avenue), they were disappointed by the response.
Jay: I wrote you about how I actually had a date over Thanksgiving.
Workplace safety, an evolving concept in China, is an obvious concern at Crocopark.
Dr. Raja al-Khuzai, a member of the governing council and once one of Mr. Bremer's staunchest allies, said the experience during the past several days had forced her to re-examine her loyalty to Mr. Bremer.
"Unselfish play normally takes a while -- that's been the only surprise."
There's the naughty urban ingénue of ''Walking in the Rain'' and the tough-but-sweet soul girl of ''He's The Boy I Love''; the seductive swinger of ''Just a Little Lovin' '' and the perky American girl gone Latin for a night with ''Blame It on the Bossa Nova.''
Then, at a competition in Kansas, the American shot-putter Kevin Toth finally broke into that elite group.
''But I don't think that Sistani represents just the Shia, but that he represents all of Iraq.''
In 1881, Lodge called Irish immigrants ''undesirable'' as well as ''hard-drinking, idle, quarrelsome and disorderly.''
Secondhand clothing is popular in African markets because of its low cost.
She did not go high enough, and before Acuff rolled out of the pit, Viktoriya Styopina of Ukraine buried her face in her hands, realizing she would be the bronze medalist.
Mixture should still be a little soupy (add a little dashi or water if it is dried out).
To the Editor: I was pleased to see A. O. Scott's enthusiastic article about Mexican cinema [''A Different Mexican Revolution,'' June 27], but disappointed that he did not mention the cinematographer Gabriel Figueroa.
"My mother filled in the gaps in the letters," he recalled in a tribute to her he wrote for El País, the Spanish newspaper, following her death.
Dr. Tassone, of Manhattan, a former superintendent of the Roslyn schools, and Pamela C. Gluckin of Bellmore, a former assistant superintendent for business there, each have been charged with stealing more than $1 million.
I quickly realized I was in yet another bazaar.
In the photos Geoff and I took of each other leaning against the snow-covered marker, we look as if we've just conquered Everest.
American officials have expressed frustration that Shiites have themselves been reluctant to deal with Mr. Sadr more directly, and a huge demonstration against Mr. Sadr that was supposed to take place on Friday was canceled.
Qb1 42 Qd5, Ehlvest was lost and gave up.
Whether in a court of law, during a presidential debate or on the pages of The Times, winning a contest between adversaries cannot be an acceptable way to gauge truthfulness.
Dr. Marcus Conant, a San Francisco AIDS specialist who has treated thousands of patients since the disease was first diagnosed nearly a quarter century ago, called the approach ''an extremely novel way of treating H.I.V.
''This is not some quixotic Ahab-and-the-whale thing,'' he said.
There were 17 choristers, about half of whom were also soloists, supported by a dozen instrumentalists playing cornettos, sackbuts, period strings, theorbo and organ.
''We sell a lot of them,'' said Ed Collins, general manager of the Water's Edge.
Edward, at emotional loose ends, strikes up a casual friendship with the celebrity next door.
DataTreasury declined to comment for this article, as did most of the companies it has sued.
At least one potential problem does exist with CPR, especially when administered by E.M.S.
Samel is preoccupied by a family problem, but it is not with his white foster mother, whom he loves and respects.
Each year, the cast produces a fund-raising special that ranks among the top earners for PBS, drawing more than $30 million since 1987.
''No FIFA statute calls for rotation.''
Newman writes about all these things like a man who has done his research.
He traveled almost constantly to deliver his Christian and anticommunist messages, wrote 100 books and thousands of articles and pamphlets, and published a monthly newspaper.
But the Giants, in the process of constructing an eight-game losing streak for the second straight season, had scant reason to hope fate would smile on them either.
It does not force you to splurge, but it allows you to.
Your greatest fears may or may not involve George W. Bush and Tony Blair sharing a quiet moment in the Camp David sauna or Elton John undergoing a colonic.
The note's yield, which moves in the opposite direction from the price, declined to 3.98 percent from 4.04 percent on Thursday.
They protected us, even when there wasn't an open need to do so."
I spent one January day looking at the designs in Max Protetch's crowded Chelsea gallery.
Caption information is provided below.
(In 1939 The Times had described the school as the ''world's largest women's college.'')
''Making this thing hum is job one right now because that creates other opportunities,'' he said.
Prosecutors said the Rigases failed to disclose that they drew more than $50 million in cash advances and used $252 million in company money for margin loan calls.
Vinny Bottino said the city had more than 100 bars when his father opened the Big Apple.
The Diamondbacks now seem likely to trade Johnson before the July 31 deadline and give him at least one more shot at the postseason.
At one point, after Mr. Kerry answered a question about Iraq and terrorism, Mr. Edwards jumped in to volunteer that his signature domestic policy speech during the primary season -- which some Democrats say almost allowed him to overtake Mr. Kerry -- was in fact not much different from what Mr. Kerry was saying at the time.
The Democratic-controlled State Assembly passed a bill on Monday that would allow an oral ''morning-after'' contraceptive to be sold without a prescription.
Soon Smarty Jones would be almost as close, a quarter-mile away in the Belmont Stakes, daylight in front of him on an overcast New York evening.
Even though one chamber of the Venezuelan Supreme Court overturned a decision by his government to disqualify more than 800,000 signatures on Monday, Mr. Chávez is pressing his case with another chamber of the court.
You can take that out of the dictionary.''
Hawaii -- whose given name is Toeun Chhin -- is one of 112 Cambodian Americans who have been, to put it crudely, sent back where they came from after serving time in the United States for felony convictions.
He gets the serious cases: Palestinians who might have crucial information about conspiracies and bombing plots.
''Don't worry about the stadiums and the events, the burden is going to be on the people who attend, the movie extras,'' said David D'Alessandro, the chairman and chief executive of John Hancock Financial Services, a major Olympic sponsor.
In Taiwan, Mr. Chen was not dissuaded, and called for patience.
Most land animals have been locked in since the early 1990's, when a tall chain-link fence was installed, and Mr. Rundle said that having a permanent animal group in the Arsenal also creates a sentinel population that scientists can use to monitor the cleanup's progress.
In that case, however, the ratings were high enough to overcome concerns about viewer protests.
Otherwise, we'd be living in an Indian village in New York.''
"What we do is the easy part," Chris Dillon said.
Next week Nintendo, which has only sporadically reoffered games from its extensive back catalog, will release a nostalgia line for the Game Boy Advance that includes replica versions of Donkey Kong, Super Mario Brothers and six other titles once playable on TV sets through the 1985 Nintendo Entertainment System, or NES.
Nor may it hang over the eyebrows or ears.
Everybody is working hysterically to have a good time, but nobody is happy.
The new Nawab of Bengal appointed by Clive, Mir Ja'afar, delivered to the Englishman fabulous works of art as presents for King George III.
This is big-sky country, a landscape of wide prairies and cornfield sunsets, but change is all around.
-What are the main differences between a “Mac” and a “PC”?
2); and the Trio in E flat (Op.
Asked why the research reactors had not been converted, Anson Franklin, a spokesman for the department's National Nuclear Security Administration, which is in charge of nonproliferation, was blunt.
Sample set the tone for Naples's future development.
May 24, 1914-January 14, 2004.
"The Ninth Hour," a room with a lifesize wax pope felled by a meteorite, by the Italian artist Maurizio Cattelan, fetched $3 million at auction at Phillips, de Pury & Company, also exceeding its top estimate by half.
The case has not yet been resolved, and the United States Anti-Doping Agency has made no announcement regarding Grimes.
They ended up with 10 hours of recordings, which were eventually stolen from the back of a car.
In 1976 he jumped to the state Department of Transportation, where he eventually became director of policy analysis.
Not only are these delays difficult for children, they are also expensive.
"We are getting calls almost every minute.
She was about my height (short) and safely aunt-aged, and peered at me empathetically.
Others were devastated by diseases brought by the settlers, which wiped out as much as 90 percent of their Indian populations.
''Despite that, the president's favorable-unfavorable rating has largely not changed.
He was born in 1950, came to the United States in 1978 after Haile Selassie had been deposed, and is now an American citizen.
The only candid shot of Mr. Kerry gathering material for the Winter Soldier hearings shows him solicitously asking a veteran why he felt the need to speak.
How did he end up there?
But instead of buying seeds from Monsanto each year, farmers can cull seeds from their crop and save them for replanting, without harming harvest yields.
Last year, Simeoni filed a defamation suit against Armstrong, who called Simeoni a liar for testifying that Ferrari had provided him with illegal performance enhancers.
Traffic, when not at a standstill, travels at breakneck speeds along narrow, 10-feet-wide lanes -- providing Routes 1 and 9 easy access onto the list of the state's most-congested roads.
But he was, otherwise, a rather consoling, ordinary guy onstage, with an especially endearing and spot-on routine about his teenage son, who has wholly embraced the attitude, wardrobe, language and interests of black rappers.
''We think that 30 to 50 percent of imprinted genes are not properly expressed in clones,'' Dr. Jaenisch said, ''and imprinting genes are mostly important for pre-natal development.''
On a recent school trip to the White House, Mr. Stelter said, he saw numerous television sets tuned to the Fox News Channel -- but he refrained from posting that observation at his site, lest he betray his background.
"We ought to debate what our strategy should be in the war on terrorism," Mr. Graham said.
An article on Monday about a decision by the federal government to ease a ban on editing manuscripts from nations that are under United States trade embargoes misstated the name of an international group that represents more than 360,000 engineers and scientists who publish scholarly works.
''But I'm making 'Men in Black 2' and Adam Sandler movies,'' she said, ''so I don't have the material they want to do.''
Union officials say their pickets will be joined by police officers from other states and off-duty personnel from the suburban police departments called in to help with the convention.
The two Americans, Eugene Armstrong, 52, and Jack Hensley, 48, were beheaded a few days later.
Chip Maker in Deal With Toshiba A small start-up wireless video chip maker, Adimos Systems, plans to announce today that Toshiba has agreed to build its wireless video module into televisions and related products like DVD players, set-top cable and satellite TV boxes.
''After all, we are a state institution,'' Dr. Strum Kenny said.
Scientists in Taiwan have discovered that cinnamon oil is a natural larvicide that may be useful in controlling mosquitoes.
After the Dodgers' comeback, there was a pile of players at home plate, another in the infield, and forgiveness all around.
The initial phase must be very dominant.
''Dad wanted me to be a baseball player.
Fortunately, earthquakes severe enough to make news are not daily events.
It was the war after the war, and in the Shiite heartland, Holland and her assistant, Salwa Oumashi, were at this war's center.
Another writer said, "Guarantee it comes out that the shooter was obsessed with Phil Anselmo and thought by killing Dimebag he would be doing his idol Phil's bidding."
Don Kilgore, 55, a local lawyer who is white, says he sometimes dreads telling people where he is from when he travels.
One such sermon took place at Abu Hanifa mosque in the Sunni-dominated neighborhood of Adhamiya, according to Agence France-Presse.
Nina Bernstein (NYT) Correction: February 7, 2004, Saturday A report in the Metro Briefing column on Thursday about a sexual harassment complaint by housekeepers at the Broadway Plaza Hotel in Manhattan misstated its address.
Phased-array radar is an ideal foundation on which to build an early-warning system, as it is able to collect data rapidly and to track moving objects.
''Our issue was how to create a sense of belonging outside a residential setting,'' said Fred Purnell, a philosophy professor.
In the first four weeks after the children were born, Mr. Hayes agreed to telephone interviews while his wife was recovering.
The Commerce Department reported last week that both consumer spending and Americans' incomes were up 0.4 percent in March and that the economy had expanded at a 4.2 percent annual rate in the first quarter.
He is batting .374 with 14 home runs and 71 runs batted in in 58 games.
But the old days are finally over.
The result is a messy, muscular masterpiece.
The Bossman borrowed his uncle's plane, flew to Binghamton and ended up buying seven buildings for $400,000, plus, later, a few extras -- two city streets, to avoid too much red tape.
Many were bought after 1990 by western Germans, who found they could not churn out ball bearings or grinding machinery or auto parts cheaply enough to make a go of it.
A wooden truss system crisscrosses the ceiling of the 700-square-foot conference room, which has a restored doorway at its entrance from the lobby.
He had beaten Oscar De La Hoya and Fernando Vargas.
The manager from the other company, whose name had also been blacked out in the documents, evidently did not find bid rigging quite so funny.
A recent statement by Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani, the country's most powerful Shiite leader, encouraging people to register and to take part in the voting has had a positive effect, he said.
Take, for example, the way he dealt with the Soviets.
Ms. DeLuca said that she had.
This helps to explain its character: not that of a trophy display of objects found but that of a meticulously edited essay on history learned.
He also indirectly accused the administration of a lack of candor.
An article in The New York Post on Dec. 11, for example, reported that someone had agreed to pay $44 million for a fabulous Fifth Avenue penthouse being sold by the estate of the late Laurence S. Rockefeller.
"The women here are not saying they don't need men at all," said Beatrice, a local schoolteacher who lives in the village after splitting up with her husband.
But in the past few years, entire blocks once exclusively inhabited by African-Americans of modest means have given way to upscale homes and subdivisions where everyone is white.
The author, Najmieh Batmanglij, who was born and raised in Iran and lectures at cooking schools, begins by describing the ancient network of trading routes stretching from China to the Mediterranean.
The practice would be a violation of the fiduciary responsibility of corporate officers under law including New York's Martin Act.
There's the retro-hip Cup, but also among the new restaurants are traditional French, Asian fusion, American steakhouse, nuevo Latino and even a place or two that puts a fresh spin on Greek cuisine.
I visited the bridge over which the atomic bomb had dropped.
But with "Desperate Housewives" and "C.S.I."
When Villanueva enters the game for Connecticut, Hardwick said what he will not be wowed by is the 6-11 forward's polished offensive game.
Prescription drugs accounted for 10.5 cents of every dollar spent on health care in the United States in 2002, and for about one-sixth of the increase in health spending.
The movie reminds you that rhythms of film editing and collage-making have allowed Hollywood to make the chase movie a surefire format.
Her second marriage was more of a failure than her first to my father.
2 course in North Carolina.
Golfers who are in the early stages of planning trips are better served by clicking to broader golf sites.
He was an expert falconer with an amazing rapport with animals.
And while on a trip to Ullung Do off the eastern Korean coast, the ancestral island home of Ms. Zak's mother's family, they became engaged.
But people like me kept coming back because it became like a marathon: each year you think you can do better.''
Dr. Rickert of Nanofilm, by contrast, had no business experience and, he soon discovered, no ability to attract investment from venture capitalists when he formed his company.
Last year's net loss, $1.03 a share, compared with a restated 2002 loss of $1.75 billion, or $2.38 a share, El Paso said in a regulatory filing.
Timely Jazz Tribute When the Panamanian-born pianist Danilo Pérez created the Panama Jazz Festival last year, he wanted to celebrate the homegrown talent that gets little notice outside that country.
APRIL 12 TO 15, CHIANGMAI, THAILAND Songkran.
While rooms will remain private, nursing station counters will be placed against back walls, and several desk units added within the open area for patients to study their charts and talk with nurses.
It did not look at how the use of Vioxx and low-dose aspirin fared against the use of ibuprofen and aspirin together.
''I've gone back and forth in my mind as to where I really stand, but I think everybody deserves to have the same rights,'' he said.
''If Shanghai wants to be an international cultural center, they have to do something about that.
JANET MACKIN Counselor, Embassy of Australia Washington, April 22, 2004
Caroline Smith DeWaal, food safety director for the Center for Science in the Public Interest, a nutrition advocacy group, said, "Anything that masks the true age of a piece of fish is a public safety risk."
Cleveland's a wonderful, distinguished city that's done a lot of great things.
Nothing except his manager, who inserted herself in our negotiations, and said no for him.
The story involves the unusual relationship between a teenager obsessed by death and an eccentric elderly widow who gives him a reason to live.
Summer's heat and drought send them into dormancy until the next cool season.
Daniel C. Givens, a Florida firefighter who is chairman of the Miami Firefighters Relief and Pension Fund, said: ''The new standards will suddenly put a strain on the city for a long-term liability that has been developing for years and years.
''It was the biggest mistake of my life,'' she said of meeting him there.
("Every lead is followed up on," said Commander Dreier, noting that the man's story could not be confirmed.
In 1996 he joined other former 1970's black action stars, including Jim Brown, Fred Williamson, Richard Roundtree and Pam Grier, in a reunion in the movie ''Original Gangstas.''
The Longhorns (4-0, 1-0 Big 12) made quick work of the Bears (2-2, 0-1) in their final tuneup before Saturday's matchup with No.
I traveled extensively in Africa with my husband, Thomas B. Moorhead, who was deputy under secretary of labor for international affairs from 2001 until he died in 2003.
Mr. Ford was an upland game hunter most of his life and helped increase the membership in the Ruffed Grouse Society of North America from 150 members to 3000 members after he became its President.
The deal has not been completed and may fall apart.
Jared Dudley had 14 points and Louis Hinnant scored 12 points for the Eagles (19-8, 8-6 Big East).
1:47 P.M. -- (Richard Stockton Service Area, between Interchanges 7A and 7 southbound) You can't argue with hot, fried food.
"The European migrants had a tentative hold on the huge continent," said Neville Meaney, an associate professor of history at Sydney University.
A few years ago Mr. Murray went to Havana and came back with something lasting -- ''Now Is Another Time,'' an album on the Justin Time label.
+ means discounted tickets were available at the Theater Development Fund's TKTS booth for performances last Friday and Saturday nights.
"The shares will likely continue to be especially volatile," said Ms. Meeker of Morgan Stanley in an e-mail interview.
It is Boban, not Baban.
''He looked back,'' Chaon writes, ''with irritation on the person he had been a week ago.''
''Only that way can we avoid a tragedy like 40 years ago, when Lin Biao heard the right things but the conclusions were locked away for 40 years and the speaker punished.
''If this washes out,'' a Bechtel engineer shouted over the wind and the din of the equipment, ''it could shut down the supply of water to Basra for two to four weeks.''
''Tom Nussbaum: Home Sweet Home and Twenty Small Sculptures.''
In more than three decades working with the subway, he said, "I don't remember the third rail falling off."
In September, he is to become an associate consultant in New York at McKinsey & Company, the consulting firm.
In a president who is going to offer programmatic and other forms of leadership, you must have the capacity to adapt, often to unforeseen contingencies."
Comic essays about Christmas by the author of "Naked."
But Mr. Forrest forged his own reputation.
In early March, they and about 4,500 other civilian-soldiers who are training here will head to Baghdad.
Only if our institutions work properly -- if Congress reviews legislation in detail and tosses out measures that jeopardize liberty at no gain to security, if the courts keep executive power under constitutional control and if the press refuses to allow itself to become ''embedded'' with the government -- can the moral and constitutional hazards of lesser evils be managed.
Network executives have been consumed all summer by the bold-faced piracy of Fox, which copied the mom-trading idea from ABC almost to the letter, then rushed it onto the air months before its rival.
Another project would bring a line through North Korea to South Korea, an enclave of high electricity prices that would be the real economic prize for Vostok-Energo.
And once they beat the Yankees once, I'm sure they felt: 'We know we can beat this team.
Mr. Bernanke, an economist who came to the Fed from Princeton University, has built a reputation as an influential policy maker.
A few other minor rules will go into effect: PLAYERS MAY NOT WEAR gloves with webbing connecting the fingers or the thumb.
The House bill would preserve much of the authority of the Pentagon, which now controls almost 80 percent of the government's intelligence, to determine how the intelligence budget is distributed.
Or from the three of them getting locked inside an upstairs closet.
While about 80 percent of people 19 to 65 own mobile phones and more than 45 percent of those 10 to 18 do, only 39 percent of people 65 and older use them, according to the Yankee Group, a research firm.
"Would I next year go to an Internet cafe at 4 a.m. to listen to a Yankees-Red Sox game?"
Mom, Lucia Hernandez of Ossining, says she prefers to shop at Jefferson Valley, because "it's quick, it's easy and I know where everything is."
The two had words after the game.
It was the second time that the board has made that recommendation.
The deaths of the mother, Judith Weiner, 60, and her daughter, Jessie, 23, appeared to be from overdoses of prescription medicine in a double suicide, Detective Lt. Dennis Farrell of the Nassau Police Department said.
It's a bigger, newer version of the original wood cabin across the street, where locals started dancing to country bands in 1938, and where Dock Boggs, a coal miner who first recorded his white country blues in 1927, played and taught banjo after he was rediscovered in the folk music revival of the 1960's.
One lawyer specializing in art, Christine Steiner, e-mailed me that U.S. museums have an affirmative duty to research and, if possible, return work of dubious origin.
Wages for reality shows, on average, are not in line with those of scripted programming.
According to the United Kingdom Offshore Operators Association, a body representing the offshore oil and gas industry, oil and gas production in British waters, which peaked at the equivalent of 4.5 million barrels a day in 1999, is likely to be 3.7 million barrels a day this year, falling to 2.5 million barrels a day in 2010.
At the same time, we do have a fiduciary duty to act in the best interest of shareholders and to consider bona fide, credible proposals.''
The trigger for dismissal of the lawyers, Mark Geragos and Benjamin Brafman, appeared to be Mr. Jackson's unhappiness over his indictment last week on charges of lewd conduct involving a child, though that indictment had been expected.
The 1978 inscription on the manuscript is from Wilson's wife, who died in 1988, to a ''Barry'' (who some historians say is the writer Barry Leach, who wrote a biography of Lois Wilson).
When asked at the news conference if he had the power to block the deal, he replied, ''The board of directors of the two companies would have to answer that question.''
Then there is Mr. Sachs.
Afterward, South Korean journalists said the interpreter had left out the call for a more "creative and realistic" approach.
That same year, we were walking around NoLIta.
"The reason why I do it on Sunday evening is that most people aren't online," Mr. Simon said, "so on Monday morning, when people get into the office and are facing their first horrible cup of coffee, they can look at pictures of cats until they get screamed at for the first time of the day."
As Elisabetta, the Queen of Spain -- originally betrothed to Carlo and now married to his father -- Angela Brown, a soprano, brought dignity and shimmering pianos, and hit a bull's-eye with her final aria.
Then the project will enter unexplored territory when it tries to "deconstruct," or de-age, Washington's image using custom software being written by an Arizona State University multidiscipline computer group called the Partnership for Research in Spatial Modeling, or Prism.
Dawkins patterns his book on "The Canterbury Tales" of Chaucer, breaking it up into "The Marsupial Mole's Tale," "The Elephant Bird's Tale" and many others.
(I don't have an agent anymore.)''
The bank is carrying about 3.95 trillion yen ($36.34 billion) in bad loans, more than any of its larger Japanese rivals.
Slightly more also expressed an unfavorable view toward the United States, although the five-point increase fell within the poll's margin of error.
As it turns out, being the voice of a generation has its down side.
"They're unable to step back and observe and think and make deliberate decisions, so much in a frenzy that they have to find the perfect gift immediately or defend a nativity scene or make the perfect dinner."
About nine million households are single-parent homes.
Correction: April 18, 2004, Sunday Because of an editing error, an article on April 4 about three low-fare airlines misstated the location of O'Hare Airport, where one airline, Ted, will begin service next month.
Drawing on public support after chasing his predecessor, Eduard A. Shevardnadze, from power, Mr. Saakashvili has moved against corruption, pledged to revive Georgia's economy, steered his government closer to the West and vowed to unify the fractured country.
He's a very good player, and on some nights, he's right up there with the top two-guards in the league.
But records also show that Mr. Bush took several steps to fulfill his Guard obligation, including completing enough extra training after the campaign ended to fulfill at least the minimum annual requirements for retirement purposes.
Well over 1,000 first responders had been deployed, evacuations had begun, and the critical decision that the fire could not be fought had been made.
Mr. Mittal says he believes that in 10 years, the steel industry will be dominated by a handful of companies, which will ship 80 to 100 million tons a year each.
Mr. Reuland's account of their meeting was something of a nightmare version of a really bad day at the office.
When the helicopter touched down in Meulaboh, townspeople ran down from the high ground where they had taken refuge.
Turn around, though, and urban Albuquerque breaks abruptly against the sheer, rocky sides of the Sandia Mountains.
MR. BUSH -- [inaudible] rebuttal.
''And this is one of the very few ways that they meet that.''
They would much prefer that investors view their funds as firmly in the mainstream.
I pointed out that if Planning and Zoning turned down their application they would have no choice but to buy property close to the theater and convert it to fragmented actors' housing.
Eugene Friedman, M.D., Pres Randall Feingold, M.D.
And the Geppetto Group in New York, part of the WPP Group, will be added to work on campaigns for the Reebok Kids line.
The people of Kashmir would govern domestic matters like taxation and education.
"Cultured butter, organic eggs, brown sugar and sea salt can do it all."
Run a sharp paring knife around edge of each tartlet, then slip tart out.
He established himself in the horror genre in 1930 when Astounding Stories printed ''The Corpse on the Grating.''
The Nolte of their imaginations often writes about the archetypal Hollywood coterie of trainers and assistants -- led by a live-in nutritionist-manservant named Manolo -- he has enlisted to handle "the more lurid aspects of his celebrity."
One industry group that might have been expected to criticize Mr. Spitzer, the New York State Restaurant Association, welcomed his work.
Loving father of Lillian Kreitsek, Jr., Irene Campbell and their husbands William and John.
"Grand Bahama is still under the gun, and so is Abaco," said Fred Mitchell, minister of foreign affairs.
We will always remember your wit, your optimism and your laugh.
They agitated for policy reforms, many of which were enacted into statutes when they became part of the progressive movement's agenda: antitrust laws, the Food and Drug Administration, railroad regulation, wage and hour laws, workmen's compensation and child labor laws, to name a few.
Steinbrenner was clearly annoyed by how the Yankees had been portrayed in certain circles as a heartless organization that did not care about Tampa Bay's plight and that was intent on grabbing a forfeit victory without playing an inning.
What that has left is a distinctive college game with most teams competing with relatively equal talent in an electric atmosphere.
Japanese companies can hire three Chinese software engineers for the price of one in Japan, and still have change to buy a room full of call-center operators (starting salary: $90 a month).
''The best business around here is the U-Haul business,'' Mr. Burton, 36, said recently.
Bill Binford White Plains, N.Y.
ROSENBAUM, Thomas C., 25, Sgt., Army; Hope, Ark.
"Despite some colossal mistakes, Rumsfeld now emerges as unquestionably the president's most important security adviser," said Loren B. Thompson, a military analyst at the Lexington Institute in Arlington, Va. Mr. Thompson said Mr. Rumsfeld's energetic public schedule was indication enough that he was eager to remain in the post.
My heart brimmed with vice, my pockets with $50 bills.
Beloved wife for 56 years of David M. Levitan, mother of Barbara and Stuart, daughter of Ada Wolpert and Andrew Greenfield, sister of Daniel Morley and Janice Weiss, beloved friend, mentor and confidant of all who knew her.
The information is there, in painstaking detail -- comprehensive, well-thought-out plans for America's future.
At best, over the life of a project, the minerals agency's program would cut royalties on some producing wells by more than 10 percent, but such a reduction would matter little to companies weighing the risk of spending $20 million to $30 million to drill a well.
''It's just teeming with life, but it's an incredibly peaceful place -- like a cathedral to me, in a different way.''
Senator John Kerry of Massachusetts had decided to send aides here, and his media consultants had telephoned a local television station to check out rates for political advertisements.
During the seven years after March 1995, when Mr. Sattar's phone was secretly monitored, he made hundreds of calls to Egyptian fundamentalist Islamic militants around the globe, transcripts of his calls have shown.
Geoffrey C. Hazard Jr., an ethics expert who is a professor at the University of Pennsylvania Law School, said the suits pending against Weil Gotshal were an unfortunate result of the intense competition for new business.
Mr. Shiller, the company's chief economist, said that his securities would track home price indexes in cities yet to be chosen, although strong candidates include New York, Los Angeles and Las Vegas, he said.
The campaign's newspaper and television ads feature photographs of Mr. Thomas and express sentiments like "We're still doing it Dave's way" and "It's the way Dave would have done it."
One mystery among CBS staff members is why network officials remained so confident for so long about the documents as so many questions arose.
Why should I be forced to have a baby against mine?
The philosopher, Giorgio Agamben, also called for other intellectuals and teachers to join his protest.
"I don't think he answered that question completely," he said.
She, who once pushed his vocation, has achieved the doubled-back vision, the doubt beyond certitude, that charges Howard's characters with such complexity.
The five have not been selected, he said, but he has received suggestions from the Nassau County district attorney, Denis Dillon, as well as anonymous tips.
Under a United Nations program begun in 1997, Iraq was permitted to sell its oil only to buy food and other relief goods.
"When a mother comes in and says, 'I wasn't able to pay the rent because I bought food,' or 'My son is eating, but I don't need to eat,' I will take the extra step," she said.
Jim Brown was pro football's best player.
A few hours later the men from Blackwater Security drove into downtown Falluja.
"I'm not getting into it to see if I can beat them," Henderson said.
So in 1999 he changed his mind.
Much of that comes via a character identified simply as the Maniac, who impersonates assorted people, most notably a magistrate who drags police officials through a ridiculous investigation of the incident.
Benchmarks: Understands the role of political ideology, religion, and ethnicity in shaping modern governments; Understands the role of ethnicity, cultural identity, and religious beliefs in shaping economic and political conflicts across the globe (CTSS – ‘social’, ‘9-12’, ‘wh10’) This lesson plan may be used to address the academic standards listed above.
Then the Yankees tied the score against Martínez, and won the game and the pennant in the 11th inning.
With a pipe of the 31/5 ' Grande Tierce stop sitting on its windchest saying ''aahh'' for him, Mr. Rosales pressed the soft metal of the lower lip of the mouth inward, making it narrower so that less air would pass through and it would be softer when it was played.
Music for the Animals TODAY -- A chamber music concert with musicians from the New York Philharmonic at Christ and St. Stephen's Church, 120 West 69th Street, will benefit the Artemis Project, which pays for spaying and neutering stray animals and for other veterinary services.
But there is no similar provision for students who need more than 12 years.
Iran is developing nuclear weapons capability.
forward Wendlyn Jones said it more succinctly: ''Why not us as champions?''
''Most of the time, it's the younger girl performing fellatio on the older boy, with the boy doing very little to pleasure the girl,'' Milburn says.
"You're cutting off one path to the bomb but leaving another open."
The men survived but Elizabeth Belue and Gail Allison, who were also living there, were killed.
The goal is to introduce his shareholders, large and small, to the chief executives of companies Baron owns.
''So we were a little disappointed.
He graduated from the Ethical Culture School in New York City before attending Harvard, where he received his doctorate in 1932.
Honeywell started such a competition last year, with an award of $150,000 to the winning team and its school.
''I'm a flake, not a screwball.''
This is a pivotal moment."
Declined to exercise their 2005 option on RHP Ramon Ortiz.
Telly finds this hard to believe (she isn't the only one) and embarks on a Search for the Truth involving cheap thrills, emotional uplift and some nonsense about the eternal mother.
"The determination was made in 2000 that so much time had gone by that it was safe for him to go back to the jail.
But Bob Mitchell, a land broker in Sparta, called Sussex ''the strongest Republican county per capita in the state of New Jersey'' and welcomed the renaming.
Gay served in the military, an experience he and others say often helps them cope with being shot at, shelled and bombed on a regular basis.
"When I set out on this venture," she said, "once they explained the buying process, reviewed my credit and straightened out debts, I had to go into agreement with my children.
(The governor's first marriage ended in divorce.)
During that time, Ms. Fahmy opened three more galleries in Cairo that sell just her jewelry.
Farmers who testified before the committee argued that the ability to drain meadows in certain areas was essential to their livelihoods, Mr. Losee said.
''It's not a rivalry,'' Torre said.
"The problem is that we don't think very much about Europe's identity," said Havel.
He has brought CompStat, the computer- and statistics-driven system to hold police commanders responsible for crime in their districts, from his previous post in New York to Los Angeles.
Mr. Dougan has warned investment bankers in recent weeks that they will not be exempt from the company's cost-cutting.
But Deutsche Bank also advised Parmalat at the end of November and early December at a time when Standard & Poor's was considering lowering its credit ratings on Parmalat, according to a person close to the investigation.
We can turn this around, but teachers cannot do it in isolation or without administrative support.
Scott McClellan, President Bush's press secretary, called it "a very thorough vetting process" that "looked at all the issues relating to his public, financial and personal background."
A bizarre coda tells the story of a woman who fell in love with the imprisoned Bianchi, then tried to commit a copycat murder to prove his innocence.
Mayors frequently tell stories of residents, often elderly people who bought their homes years before an increase in value, moving because they cannot afford to pay the taxes.
Ms. Schimmel eventually became a deputy chief.
George E. Pataki and the Legislature that were heard on Tuesday by the state's highest court.
You look at Mason Avenue from a few years ago and buildings were literally falling into the street.
We had a lot of companions: bears, wolves, Indians.
Her future sounds more like Baywatch Barbie.
I previewed the new shows from Everyday Food magazine and Mr. Pépin.
Mr. Cheney had long argued for more forceful action to topple Mr. Hussein.
And while they were happier with their care, they fared no better than the X-ray patients.
The family of Herbert Birnbaum (age 95) mourns his loss August 14, 2004.
So why am I reading this book?
But under prodding from the two black candidates, they also squared off with one another.
General Musharraf took power in a coup in 1999, then held a general election in October 2002 in which the party he had cobbled together with defectors from other parties, including Mr. Jamali, won the largest number of seats.
Competition in the long-distance market was already fierce when, on July 22, AT&T said it would stop marketing to consumers and instead focus on its business clients.
Mussina, like Giambi, was a pricey free-agent acquisition who has yet to contribute to a title.
''I never even knew there were kids living there,'' said one neighbor, Patrick Collazo, 44.
I tell them: 'Do you want to get up at 5 every morning?
According to a tally drawn from Done Deal, which monitors the sale of material to studios and producers on its scriptsales.com Web site, the roughly 90 deals done in the last six weeks reveal deep fascination with: LOSERS -- In a possible sign of election fatigue, the largest single bloc of sales, about 15, shunned characters who fight to win in favor of characters whom life has justifiably left behind.
Incredible, after all, has been driven into middle-aged retirement and the Superhero Relocation Program by a flood of lawsuits brought by personal-injury lawyers representing people Mr.
The subsequent ''grisly photographs,'' he writes, ''were likely the final shove, pushing bin Laden over the edge and leading him to dedicating his life to war against what he would call the Israeli-United States alliance.
It is odd, then, that raw chicken tastes nothing like chicken but instead has the appetizing texture of raw fish and a mild, sweet flavor that is not quite salmon or yellowtail, but isn't that far off either.
Venturing into negotiations, the Ad Council found that media companies agreed.
Thankfully, none of these songs are about Asia, frozen yogurt, the Midwest, cellphones, finance or cars.
Mr. Cunningham's company continued to dance in brightly colored costumes by James Hall on an empty stage lighted by Josh Johnson.
"I'm not sure what you can do about it," Tedford said.
OSBORNE beautifully evokes a lost world, effortlessly offering up 1930's cricket-playing China.
Ms. Belcea, from Timisoara, Romania, and the second violinist, Laura Samuel, born in London, formed the group when they were students at the Royal College of Music in 1994.
Greg Dewar, a consultant for Susan King, one of the candidates in District 5, said Ms. King wanted to list a rival, Ross Mirkarimi, in a campaign pamphlet as her second choice.
Box 191, Cooperstown, N.Y. 13326.
Given little treatment or training, they were often straitjacketed or tied to chairs and left soaked in urine and feces.
The three hide-outs are situated in a two- to three-mile radius a few miles northeast of the Shakai Valley.
He famously replied, ''We don't embroider cushions here,'' and showed her the door.
The hall, which originally opened in 1871, was built to fulfill Prince Albert's vision of a Great Central Hall to promote understanding of arts and sciences.
* WESTCHESTER REGGAEFEST, Westchester County Center, 198 Central Avenue, White Plains, (914) 995-4050.
Mr. Stephens said The Post, one of the first papers outside the United Space to venture into cyberspace, reaches 400,000 nonpaid subscribers -- most of them diaspora Jews -- through an award-winning Internet edition.
Traffic flowed smoothly on the Jersey Turnpike portion of the trip, with cars passing the caravan on the left, their drivers apparently unaware that they were aside a four-legged celebrity who may be on his way to making history.
Joseph M. Foster, a gold portfolio manager at Van Eck Global in New York, said that the recent drop in prices had triggered a wave of selling by hedge funds.
Can people who have been taught only submission for generations, who are strangers to democracy, be trusted to govern themselves?
Iran, holder of the world's No.2 gas reserves after Russia, has commissioned foreign companies to develop the South Pars field.
And this is a problem Dr. Koppelman has struggled with for four decades.
The inaction was a lapse in leadership that reflected the eventual near total-breakdown of discipline in the unit.
Deeply mourned by his sisters Anne, Joan, Vivian, Eve, his uncle Marc Heller, and their families.
You say they came from salve?
The key hit was Steve Finley's bases-loaded, two-out double down the left-field line.
Mr. Meehan said there had been no decision whether to pay off the loan with campaign money or whether Mr. Kerry would use personal funds, a choice that by law he must make soon after the convention.
Summers outdoors in full sun are beneficial, especially if the season is dry.
Dr. DeStefano said raw data from the study would be made available to other researchers.
Paris publicly released details of its bid, including information on sites, accommodations and ticket prices, after submitting it to the I.O.C.
For me, the 60's ended with Pier Paolo Pasolini's death in 1975.
So to make sure the voices of Long Island schools are heard and a Robin Hood approach to the problems of the city's schools is not taken, Nassau and Suffolk school superintendents met on Jan. 21 and put out a joint position paper that urges state officials to hold even the wealthiest school districts harmless as the state aid formula is rewritten.
And deliver the news face to face, not via e-mail.
While known primarily as a leader in the business world, Mr. Lautenbach was most proud of his family, both immediate and extended.
Here Mr. Pletnev took the work's title literally, indulging in heavy rubato and making the most of its improvisatory quality, so much so that at points the music almost seemed to lose its way.
One way teachers say they use blogs is to continue spirited discussions that were cut short or to prolong question-and-answer periods with guest speakers.
Asked whether it would have a positive impact on his mayoral aspirations, he said: ''I'm not thinking about any of that right now.
The multiethnic menu at this small shop includes a few meat dishes, but it could easily become a haven for people whose culinary philosophy is vegan, vegetarian or macrobiotic -- avoiding animal fats and processed sugar.
Fans of Dan Brown, author of "The Da Vinci Code," have been obsessed with his next book since he revealed earlier this year that the "Da Vinci Code" cover contains clues about his next novel.
For information, check the cruise company's English-language Web site, which is at www.suijobus.co.jp.
''It has happened many times for me,'' the painter said in an interview after the morning's events.
So last summer, Father Gomes said he met individually with families and explained, ''In-parish means you contribute $6 a week'' to the church.
You find yourself flipping back and forth between the sylvan romance and the comical phoniness.
It requires that people have their own apartments, disallowing sublets or housing provided by parents or relatives.
''This is in its infancy,'' Dr. Harland said.
Yet there was still some fear and anxiety.
In the rooms housing the machinery amid which they work, usually in pairs, there are wooden shelves along the walls holding tea cups, one cup to each girl, in a variety of styles, imprinted with their names, a touching assertion of individual identity given the inevitable uniformity of their occupations.
All this sales activity has had an effect on rentals, too, with prices rising so sharply that some less well-paid expatriates have moved to Sharjah, even though it bans alcohol and the rush-hour drive into Dubai takes more than an hour.
Say a man is supposed to watch a child, but he also wants to watch a football game.
Being a writer is a shameful thing.
Among them: George Ortiz, a Bolivian tin heir; Edward C. Johnson III, the chairman of Fidelity Investments; and Jon Landau, a New York collector.
He added that he expected the number of such thefts would be more than the 756 found in the survey of just 19 towns.
Mr. Powell ''expressed his congratulations to the government and people of Greece for hosting a spectacular, safe and successful Olympics,'' the State Department said.
One of the real megatrends is that we are digitizing everything -- so that everything is now in digital form and it is so widely available.
Daily aerobic exercise is part of the formula.
The problem is, those boards are often ill equipped to handle sexual assault cases, or their existence and process aren't well publicized, advocates for victims said.
Over the past two years, Singh has won 8 times in 58 starts, with 32 top-10 finishes and 5 missed cuts; Woods has won 10 times in 39 starts, with 27 top-10 finishes and no missed cuts.
''I remember the stories my dad would tell of his great sense of humor,'' the younger Mr. Bush told Mr. Brokaw.
"It's a Wonderful Life" came out in 1946, at the end of World War II, in a more hopeful and believing era.
Jerry Schmetterer, the spokesman for the Brooklyn district attorney, Charles J. Hynes, confirmed Mr. Lieberman's account.
Everyone conspires and betrays, from Lucian's business partner, the scoundrel Vautrin (a smooth Kevin Kuhlke), to Imperia's gaudy rival, Delphine (Raina von Waldenburg).
The husband, identified as Igor Orak, confronted him and asked where Ms. Ilyina was, and the two began fighting, the police said.
Kidd was vehement in denying a report that he had called Thorn on Saturday night to persuade him to fire Scott.
And what of Linbaba's debt to society and, presumably, to his briefly mentioned young daughter back in Australia?
Contributions in his memory may be made to the Cooper Union for the Advancement of Science and Art, 30 Cooper Square, 8th Floor, New York, NY 10003-7120.
"But we all have complex lives.
Is there evil at Stanford that needs to be rooted out?
His remarks on Tuesday were a far cry from last year, when he declared he would never allow increases in ''job-killing taxes'' and proposed slashing the education budget by $2 billion.
Still, the city has no figures on how many parking spaces there might be -- information that would come in handy before it dismisses the possibility of a parking plan.
If you think they will go for it, then add a little crisscross of anchovies (first soaked for 20 minutes in milk to remove excessive saltiness) to the tomato and olive topping.
Still, not all crave bonding time with the guys.
In Connecticut, the home of Aetna, one of the nation's largest health insurers, and a base for Cigna and Anthem, Richard Blumenthal, the attorney general, said he was seeking details on price-rigging and price-fixing, particularly among brokers, agents and health care and auto insurers.
He was waiting to see if someone would help him.
But at many of the funerals and wakes around the country on Wednesday, there was little talk of politics or policy.
"We all learned some humility and respect from Mount St. Helens that day," Mr. Lipman said.
A two-week program for starting the diet.
The Fire Department bandwidth will tell him what he's missing.
That they are Out There to be seen is beyond dispute.
And perhaps the letdown I felt after so much anticipation and preparation was inevitable.
Some professors teach it as a textbook case of the law gone tragically awry.
And on Sunday afternoon Justin DiCioccio leads the Manhattan School of Music Jazz Philharmonic -- with Dave Taylor, bass trombonist; Cecil Bridgewater, trumepter; and Donal Fox, pianist, as the soloists -- in a program of symphonic jazz by Michael Abene, Cecil Bridgewater, Richard Sussman, T. J. Anderson and Duke Ellington (as arranged by Gunther Schuller).
His pledge came as a government report said marijuana use in Canada had nearly doubled in 13 years.
The Bills entered the game tied for the second-best defense in the N.F.L.
They don't have any decision-making power; even if all the traffic impacts are going to go into a neighboring community, they have no say.''
The announcement claimed that the attack was carried out by two ''heroic members'' -- Ali Khaled al-Jabouri and Muhammad Hassan al-Samarai.
This week, Iran acknowledged that it possessed a design for a more advanced high-speed centrifuge to enrich uranium than it had previously revealed to the International Atomic Energy Agency of the United Nations.
''I tread through very difficult waters when I compose,'' he said after class this week.
The tiny bathrooms at the end of each carriage quickly turn fetid.
"It gives you more privacy than a hotel, and usually it's set up better," said Catherine Dewey, practice development manager with the firm.
The revision specifies that teachers ''assess evidence for and against'' the theory of evolution.
The injury is not considered serious and Seo is expected to make his next scheduled start on Wednesday.
The book purports to be, and is, ''the most comprehensive collection'' of Pound's poetry ever assembled.
Before the performance, Olga Bloom, the founder of Bargemusic and, at 85, still its driving force, read the descriptive sonnets that Vivaldi published with these four concertos and Mr. Peskanov accompanied her with brief excerpts that demonstrated the Vivaldi's musical depictions.
A hockey team, he realized, could take root here.
The Supreme Court also dealt with a third case Monday, that of Jose Padilla, an American citizen picked up at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago on suspicion of planning to detonate a radioactive device.
The Bush administration and some health officials have expressed fear that terrorists might have obtained smallpox virus from Russia, or that scientists in some countries might have kept the virus without telling the United Nations agency.
exclaimed Howard J. Rubenstein, the public relations executive, who said he has not been to a Council party in several years although he always receives an invitation.
I made it to the dentist's office in time to pick up the children.
While many of Mr. Suozzi's detractors will say that his decision to take on Albany in this manner imperils the future of some Democratic incumbents and threatens the party unity required for his own re-election campaign in 2005, there is a method to his madness.
We have a quiz every day, a test every two weeks and a final.
Then the brand checked to see who was buying its products.
Spear's sentiment was echoed in interviews in shopping malls, offices, sidewalks and homes on a day when the news from Iraq was bleak.
And then there was the young man about four years ago who was pulled from a riptide but could not be revived through cardiopulmonary resuscitation.
Dave Roberts's subsequent stolen base, which put him in position to tie the score?
The researchers found that anaerobic bacteria (that is, those that function in the absence of oxygen) were involved, and that these bacteria first reduced iron ions (from their ferric to ferrous state) before releasing the arsenic.
The author of ''Gospel Truth,'' about the search for the historical Jesus, among other books, Shorto has taken up nearly as intrepid a pursuit here.
''WICKED,'' Gershwin Theater, 222 West 51st Street, (212) 307-4100.
What is a nuclear dump?
Preservationists, however, have had ample time to build organizational skills.
It just would not have been this much fun.
But Ms. Bartoli's own contributions are not to be underestimated: anything sung with the ardor and nuance that she brought to those arias is going to be irresistible.
A state prosecutor opened the case after complaints by members of Istanbul's tiny Bulgarian Orthodox community, which numbers about 300 people.
For 53 minutes -- Artest scored 29 points in 50 minutes -- the Pacers had no time to think because they were battling severe attrition from injury and foul trouble.
and Mr. Sapir were locked in a bitter dispute over the project.
Quite spicy, vegetable-packed coconut lime soup will spark up the most humid summer nights.
She'll be recording a new live album for Verve during this engagement at Le Jazz Au Bar.
''You need a complete overhaul of the export-control system,'' he said.
A post-rehearsal briefing gave the date of the raid as June 23, with Mr. bin Laden coming out of Afghanistan no later than July 23.
Texas is now counted as part of the "stroke belt" (a medical slang term).
For a year or so before the 2000 Olympics, Joy Schwikert tried to home-school both daughters, but she quit when the girls protested; being away from public school, they said, they felt bored and disconnected.
The one sex scene is couched in perfectly ordinary language: ''He seasoned my mouth, sweetened my neck, coddled my nipple, nuzzled my belly,'' and so on, southward, to the phallus and groin.
And you can't beat the disarming simplicity of a wrap dress in mushroom-brown jersey with floppy mink hat and soft ringlet curls.
Released RB Derrick Knight from the practice squad.
GlaxoSmithKline, the drug maker, agreed to pay $175 million to settle a lawsuit contending that it blocked cheaper generic forms of its Relafen arthritis medicine, in violation of antitrust laws in the United States.
Patients discontinuing Vioxx can now decide whether to switch to one of the other COX-2 inhibitors on the market - Celebrex or Bextra, another Pfizer product.
Family, friends and acquaintances honor and treasure the memory of someone so trusted that his word was his bond, and truly a man among men.
From this tiny tourist town, he works as an assistant in a home for the mentally disabled and in his spare time runs an international virus-writers' group called the ''Ready Rangers Liberation Front.''
Over the past five years, Mr. Bieito's ''shocking'' reworking of opera and theater classics has won him a cult following -- and a good many enemies -- across Europe.
On April 26 a federal judge in Seattle upheld the constitutionality of the law, saying Congress had acted within its power.
AS any wine lover knows, drinking is only part of the fascination.
agents to ''set physical and mental conditions for favorable interrogation of witnesses.''
Music being music, and Berg being Berg, the layers build up an opalescence flashing with expressive fire.
''We can't take on the whole agency at once, but we will start at different parts of NASA and work our way around,'' he said.
On three consecutive plays, defensive linemen batted down passes, knocking away any faint hopes of another Miami miracle.
But Mr. Codey, the Senate president who becomes acting governor Nov. 15, supports a bill that would gradually place four counties under the state's fiscal umbrella.
Rounding a curve, he pointed to Skerryvore Monarch, a plant he deemed ''the exception that proves the rule.''
"If they think George Bush is going to win New Jersey, I've got a turnpike to sell them, too."
Many older workers with traditional pension plans would be hurt financially if they reduced their hours because their pensions are based on their earnings in their last working years.
"They were hesitant in giving us clearance, but they figured we'd hit the target."
The National Conference of State Legislatures says that at least 10 states are pursuing bulk-purchasing arrangements for Medicaid receipients.
The poll of 1,200 of the 2,509 delegates was conducted from Aug. 3 to Aug. 23 by telephone, fax and e-mail.
King County elections officials had decided to review the rejected absentee ballots, but Judge Arend stopped them on Friday.
Photos: At left, Courtney Love, Geoffrey Knoop, JT Leroy and Laura Albert at a party after a book reading in New York; at right, Savannah Knoop, who poses as Leroy, with Nyoka Lowery in San Francisco.
Life in the Lowcountry of South Carolina, as experienced by a single mother.
Pfizer shed 56 cents, to $31.74.
Rivera said he would not discuss a new contract once the season starts against the Tampa Bay Devils Rays in Japan on March 30.
Sometimes when I go see him, I want to tell him: 'Yes, it's hugs and kisses and love right here, but I can't tell you how I feel in front of the inmate population and the guards.
Infinity Eyes, in which you wave your thumbs in the air in an infinity pattern and watch them until dizzy, was a knockout.
So far, nothing orderly has happened.
Until three weeks ago -- when Dr. Dean began to lose steam in Iowa -- they were with the man to beat, had a ticket to covering the fall race against President Bush and, in the event of a Dean victory, a possible assignment in the White House.
That suit involved technology that helps protect digital content in movies, music and the like against illegal copying.
Gun's and Ms. Short's most often resulted in immediate censure and prosecution.
He told Congress during a hearing earlier this month that Mr. Roberts's fraudulent petition was a perfect illustration of someone seeking ''an instant opportunity to open a casino.''
Dr. Dean held two poorly attended events on Thursday morning in Michigan.
Allen's last-second heave from the left corner also missed.
We're all in this together.''
In fact, he'dprobably get there early.
He is also the chairman of the Virginia Commission for National and Community Service.
The confession was offered as proof that Mr. Caraballo, who has argued he was simply documenting the events, believed Mr. Idema was trying to stop terrorists.
For one thing, legislation that would allow commercial spaceports for human travel is stalled in Congress.
The mother of two grown children with what she describes as "a good marriage and a fairly full on social life," Suzanne meets Mohsen Soltany Zand, in his 20's, who had to flee Iran after writing an article about a senior intelligence officer who was killing people.
Photo: Children from the Community League of 159th Street decorated gingerbread yesterday in Herald Square.
But the London and Hong Kong debuts of Air China follow the recent spectacular collapse of China Aviation Oil Singapore, a subsidiary of the Chinese government-controlled China Aviation Oil Holdings, that lost $550 million in derivatives trading.
Mr. Cantor used case studies to illuminate the social, political and economic upheavals that reshaped views on philosophy, religion and the arts and, doing so, pointed the Continent toward its Renaissance.
''Him being in Europe, me being in the States, I mean it was just difficult,'' she said.
His black-and-white panoramic pictures of moments on the sets of movies like ''The Fabulous Baker Boys,'' ''The Big Lebowski'' and ''Seabiscuit'' have a seductive, grainy atmosphere.
For all the improvements it has undergone, the office still stands across the street from one of the city's many boarded-up buildings, and just blocks from streets teeming with drugs, violence and despair.
Congress finally passed an interstate banking law in the mid-1990's that encouraged the current wave of consolidation.
Sixty-nine people, most of them members of five closely linked families, have been indicted on conspiracy charges that accuse them of cooperating as one enormous narcotics trafficker to peddle heroin and cocaine in Brooklyn housing projects, prosecutors announced yesterday.
Some of these tapes will already be familiar to C-Span viewers and readers of Michael Beschloss's two volumes of Johnson recordings.
They were sent to another camp, but have not been completely welcomed and live in greater destitution than the rest of the displaced people there.
''Whether the Internet is going to make the problem better or make it worse is a big, important question.''
Publishers Weekly, the industry trade magazine, reported recently that many bookstores are thinning out their horror sections, or jettisoning them entirely, prefering to integrate horror into general fiction.
to Recall Saturn Vues General Motors will recall Saturn Vue sport utility vehicles made since 2001 after their poor performance during federal rollover tests.
''We have not supported that in the past,'' said Vincent Loporchio, a spokesperson for Fidelity.
A three-bedroom, two-bathroom bayfront house with a swimming pool sold this month for $965,000 after three days on the market.
Business at the shops in the Citigroup Center, at 53rd Street and Lexington Avenue, one of the institutions identified as a possible target of an attack, was markedly down as tight security restricted access for customers.
He combines his knowledge as a club D.J., record producer and advertising copywriter to create his jazz-funk confection.
We shall never forget him.
He will be remembered for his caring by all children who visit the Garden.
These days, Mr. Fukumine tends to avoid such risks.
But there was, in one display, a stack of goggles designed to make you feel like you're drunk -- along with a police officer who could bark orders at you to walk the line, heel to toe, while wearing them.
And there lies the conundrum of homemade street food.
In exchange, White had to forfeit her medals, prize money and results dating from 2000.
Behind all of Nina Simone's pain lay a reservoir of tenderness.
''At practice they wear the school's gray T-shirt, white gym pants and all own Converse, Adidas or Pro-Keds.
''We were pouring all of our resources into compliance, instead of trying to grow the business,'' he said.
Such improvements are old hat to other industries, like automobiles and electronics.
Concerts at 4 p.m. and "Meet-the-Artist" sessions at 3 p.m. Tickets: $12 to $9.
The following year he made fashion history by setting the couture-gowned models in the midst of a circus.
We don't feel that the Baroque invalidated the Renaissance or that Beethoven invalidated Mozart or that Schoenberg invalidated Wagner.
(Billick jokes that his players constantly change their cellphone numbers because ''they don't want to have to talk to the principal unless they want to talk to the principal.'')
Often, after he was ignored, the corporations were later sued -- and blamed him for alerting the world.
But their relative scarcity suggests the tradition was never terribly popular in either country.
Natural reason must use natural tools to deal with this question -- philosophy, neurobiology, psychology, medicine.
He turned without looking, smiled at a guard who winked back, and approached a man sitting before a computer.
None of these problems are insurmountable.
At Los Alamos the fence has remained intact, if not impermeable.
The show might have worked as pure outrageousness 30 years ago; Jane Aquilina, as a dominatrix, is dressed much like Dr. Frank-N-Furter in "The Rocky Horror Show."
While some elected officials and drug policy advocates hailed the drug sentencing changes as a major step forward, others complained that they did not go far enough.
"Somebody would always bump into them," Pete said about the victims as we headed back toward Linden.
Almost a fifth of the patients in one study said they had cut back on another medication in the previous year, one study found.
He is also a trustee of Stanford University and the chairman of the university's endowment management company.
Delores Anderson, who heads the Somerset County Business Partnership and recently took a hard-hat tour, said: ''It's very needed around here.
Had he taken to one of the beds?
employees, who were not identified, were under investigation.
And ''Moten Swing,'' an early Basie number done in later Basie style, began like a whisper from stage left, with drums, bass, and guitar delivering the gingerly, deliberate four-four; suddenly the entire orchestra blasted two notes together, knocking the wind out of the audience.
Let's make it clear that these current Sox have very little to do with the past.
Egon von Furstenberg, a Swiss-born aristocrat who started his fashion career as a buyer for a New York department store and went on to be known as the ''prince of high fashion,'' died here on Friday.
The other characters are depicted in an even more perfunctory manner.
Sandy soil similar to that in Brandenburg, the state that encircles Berlin, is also found in Baden-Württemberg in southwestern Germany, notably near the town of Bruchsal, north of Karlsruhe.
"And we gave out the handsomest concessions in the city.
Making it in New York is one thing; in Washington, however, it can take an extra bit of work.
''It's trapping the fragrance from the onions and citrus, and drawing out some fat.''
18 Stirling Road on the Circle, Watchung.
Most would open one diamond, but that can lead to a rebid problem after a likely one-spade response: Two clubs may then bring a two-diamond preference, and a disastrous 4-2 fit when a 4-4 heart fit was available.
Although the procedure is safe, "there are still significant uncertainties about the procedure, especially in terms of future fertility and long-term outcomes," said Dr. Evan R. Myers, chief of the division of clinical and epidemiologic research in Duke University's department of obstetrics and gynecology.
But the vaccine has been the subject of debate concerning its effectiveness against the deadly inhalational form of anthrax and the contention that it produces severe side effects in some people.
In 1980, President Jimmy Carter did allow his national security adviser, Zbigniew Brzezinski, to appear before the Senate Judiciary Committee to discuss efforts by the president's brother, Billy, to lobby on behalf of Libya.
His paternal grandfather, an Irish immigrant, came to Haverstraw in 1900 to work in the brickyards.
While Mr. Bigari has been eager to embrace technology -- he and his robotic French fry makers warranted mention in the book ''Fast Food Nation'' -- he said he didn't care much for it.
Her grandfather's cousin, Frank Composto, had been a state assemblyman, a state senator and a State Supreme Court judge, all on the Democratic line.
Nathan captured the group sentiment in a single word: "Awesome."
Asked to explain how the professors' analysis might be mistaken, he said he was still trying to understand the complex document: ''I am not the level of mathematician that the professors purport to be.''
Last week I visited the Thomas J. Watson Research Center in Hawthorne, 20 miles north of New York, to hear six I.B.M.
Representing Westchester When the Westchester Crafts Show takes place next Friday through Sunday at the Westchester County Center in White Plains, only one artist from the county will be included.
Or go Chinese with a sesame beef hot pot ($16.95).
's chief financial officer, Mark Loughridge, said that he expected spending on information technology to increase 4 percent or 5 percent this year.
Thanks again to that handy magic wishing dust, Jenna is able to turn the clock back to age 13.
The explusions come as the small Baltic nation, a former Soviet republic, prepares to join the European Union and NATO.
The 1965 yearbook called his skills ''mesmeric.''
Strong representation is how the Fugees did it.''
China's chief trade negotiator, Vice Premier Wu Yi, cited a Chinese proverb, ''Once bitten by a snake, one is terrified of the mere sight of a piece of rope,'' Mr. Aldonas said, adding that Washington would seek to develop a set of measures to address Chinese concerns.
"So now that philosophy seems to have changed," she said.
Of course, by escalating many of its defenses at night, the body sometimes does the equivalent of shooting itself in the foot.
A second book for general readers, "Passport to the Cosmos: Human Transformation and Alien Encounters," was published in 1999.
Ms. Ananiashvili's Nikiya was downright terrific, drawing drama from her powerful Bolshoi technique.
Two weeks ago, in The New York Times Book Review, Sarah Vowell approvingly recalled Nirvana's rise: "a group with loud guitars and louder drums knocking the whimpering Mariah Carey off the top of the charts."
Just yesterday, four American track athletes -- Chryste Gaines, Eric Thomas, Chris Phillips and Sandra Glover -- got public warnings, but were not barred, after testing positive for the stimulant modafinil.
Fox Searchlight will be releasing the film on 500 screens in the next several weeks.
But in the United States, socialism and social democracy were anathema.
His friends describe him as loyal, thoroughly principled, and an ''oak.''
A 16-month review by the United States has found no basis to charge members of an Iranian opposition group in Iraq with violations of American law, though the group is listed as a terrorist organization by the United States government, according to senior American officials.
Miller leads the World Cup giant slalom standing and is fifth in the slalom standing and has won a slalom and a giant slalom in the last month.
The employment-to-population ratio in September was 62.3 percent, about 2.1 percentage points below where it was when Mr. Bush took office.
John Penley, a camporee organizer, said last week that to protest the Parks Department rejection, the group now plans to stage a demonstration Aug. 22 in front of Mr. Bloomberg's East Side town house, conspiring with a street theater group, Billionaires for Bush, and drawing people from the annual Howl Festival of Arts taking place at the same time in the East Village.
His family controlled the magazine for 91 years, before it was sold to Times Mirror in 1977.
THE appeal of THE TRIPLETS OF BELLEVILLE (2003), Sylvain Chomet's dark animated adventure, isn't what moviegoers might expect.
Ms. Pressly was swinging her platinum blond hair and shimmying her tanned midriff as she danced around, lip synching along with the Kid.
The speech instead evoked speechlessness.
Robert D. Johnson, 35, a professed computer geek from Houston, said in a vain attempt at humor as he surveyed his jittery fellow aspirants.
Yahoo, another Internet-based company, has outgrown 45,000 square feet of space at 111 West 40th Street, he added, and is in negotiations for 70,000 square feet farther south, at 620 Avenue of the Americas at 18th Street.
commuters, tourists, families and the homeless.
That kiss had been in SylviaÂs mind ever since.
The Nasdaq composite index shed 5.41 points, to 2,015.57.
Crossword E24 TV Listings E23 Public Lives B2 Weather A22
Two bidders tried to buy the painting, which sold to Robert Mnuchin, chairman of the Manhattan gallery C&M Arts, for $3.1 million, a record for the artist.
A two-run homer by David Ortiz in the fifth increased Boston's lead to 6-4.
The thunder of bombs clapped on the far side of the Chocolate Mountains.
Just one more thing that money can buy.
Beijing has considered a similar prohibition on screening people on the basis of height, looks or non-debilitating illness, said an official of the Ministry of Personnel Examination and Recruitment Section, which regulates hiring in the civil service.
But Law has been around the Patriots and Belichick long enough to know that no player is deemed indispensable, particularly to a team driven to become the first to repeat as champion since the Broncos.
Mrs. Schiavo's parents and siblings have adamantly fought Mr. Schiavo's efforts to end her life, saying they believed she was conscious and did not want to die.
He was 60 and lived in Oak Brook, Ill., outside Chicago.
Several of the panini were not fine, because the taste of the meat at their architectural and aesthetic centers had been obscured by other ingredients.
As a way to attract orders from brokers, some stock exchanges or market makers will pay for routing the order to them -- perhaps a penny or more a share.
Despite Mr. Brooks's efforts, a report that made it "crystal clear" why Saddam Hussein had to go instead became a talking point for Kerry -- courtesy of The New York Times.
You're $150, excuse me, I think it's a little more, about $100 million shy of what you ought to be under the No Child Left Behind Act to help your education system here.
After years of meetings with town officials, the Goodspeed got tired of waiting for the answer and took Middletown up on its offer to provide two sites for a new Goodspeed to open four years from now.
A selective listing by critics of The Times: New or noteworthy art, design and photography exhibitions at New York museums and art galleries this weekend.
There were other explanations for the collapse of the meeting.
"Nobody does this because they like it," she said, drawing on a cigarette.
And so ''The Master'' proceeds, wending its delicate way between the middle and end of the 19th century, offering rich, darting, almost impressionistic glimpses of the moments of James's life that made him the ''Master.''
The magazine's cover showed a 19-year-old nicknamed Montserrat, who escaped from a trafficker four years ago.
The company's founders, Sergey Brin and Larry Page, have about 38 million shares each, worth $6.5 billion at current prices.
In February Dr. Khan, revered in Pakistan as the father of the country's nuclear bomb, confessed to running the largest nuclear proliferation network in history.
And after her testimony, Lee H. Hamilton, a commissioner and a former Democratic House member from Indiana, told reporters that he found Ms. Rice ''articulate,'' an adjective that even she has dismissed as condescending.
; and Frederick, Md., among other places, increasing eightfold the overall space devoted to the high-technology buildings.
On average, it took the teenagers only 50 percent longer to cover the same ground as a sighted person.
There are a lot of things on paper, but no one bothers to make it work."
They have an appetite for anger; they talk back.
Mr. Fleming said John Rigas was unaware of fraud at the company, which filed for bankruptcy in 2002, and thought that Adelphia would succeed.
And that means letting a market that is already thriving continue to thrive by giving it the legal means to do so."
Mr. La Sala, acting as President of the Stephano La Sala Foundation, which he and his brothers organized in rememberance of their father Stephano, the La Sala family was responsible for contributing many charitable donations in the metropolitan and Florida areas in memory of their father.
''I am going to be California's job czar,'' he said.
Officials confirmed that some military lawyers argued against using the techniques, and an interagency working group was appointed to review the issue.
Together, the governor has projected, the gambling parlors will produce about $240 million for the state in the fiscal year beginning in April, and that sum should grow to more than $2 billion in the next three years.
He explained that ''July, July!''
(Pennsylvania has executed three inmates since 1976, according to the Death Penalty Information Center.)
But he made no apologies for investigating a possible Aventis deal.
Only passive homosexuality, Farid explains to Karim, is considered truly shameful.
The Broadway All Suites, well situated in the theater district, Avenida Corrientes 1173, (54-11) 4378 9300, www.broadway-suites.com.ar, has more space (each of the modern-style beige-on-white rooms has a sitting room and kitchenette), and more style, at a higher price: $73 a night, with tax and buffet breakfast.
It is in Clinton, N.Y., not Utica.
It was a deeply personal, even idiosyncratic expression of sorrow and love.
''If there is something that they have done this year, we've seen it,'' Weis, the offensive coordinator of the New England Patriots, said this week.
JOE CHAMBERS QUARTET, Smoke, 2751 Broadway at 106th Street, (212) 864-6662.
Société Générale noted in a recent report that whatever happens in Russia or other non-OPEC states, the power of the 11-member cartel over global markets will continue to grow.
Officials of the group said they believed the weapon is known as the Ghadr, which means capable or powerful, and would operate on solid-fueled engines, meaning it could be launched much more quickly than the liquid-fueled, medium-range missiles now in Iran's arsenal.
But after a 1.1 last year, it was deemed nearly impossible to hit the target.
Although these payments have been known to some extent in the business world and become standard practice, the insurance industry is now scrambling to eliminate them to quiet the growing furor.
''It sounds very, very nice, and it's a good thing for Kings Park because we have been waiting a long time for this property to be developed,'' she said.
A database of third party-mediations of domain disputes maintained by the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers shows no records of actions involving Mr. Bush or Mr. Kerry.
They're patient and they're clever.
Foot Locker, the athletic-shoe retailer, said yesterday that it had purchased its first 11 stores in Ireland from Champion Sports Group of Dublin for an undisclosed price as part of its European expansion.
Mr. Ruiz's exit, arm-in-arm with Ms. Skogland, is hauntingly sad.
Her fingers became seals, and she became the spirit of the sea and all its creatures -- the most powerful being in Inuit mythology.
EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J., Sept. 13 - As the game in front of him sputtered to a close, the look on Kurt Warner's face said everything.
Nothing was in concrete as far as how we played and how we defended.
Its 81 rooms and suites are $245 to $625 on weekends.
''Capitalists and workers unite in the struggle against managers.''
''Connecticut decided, in enacting the prohibition, to effectively respect the donor's intent,'' said Jeffrey B. Garfield, the executive director of Connecticut's Elections Enforcement Commission.
Although Quemoy is under the control of Taiwan, 150 miles away, it lies roughly a mile off the coast of China, which claims the island, like Taiwan, as its own.
He had bilateral talks with the North Koreans, and guess what happened.
Some troubling practices were clearly tolerated, soldiers said in interviews and sworn statements.
DARREL APPS says his love affair with daylilies began 56 years ago, when he first discovered them growing under the eaves of the one-room schoolhouse he attended in Wild Rose, Wis.
Looking at this scene, one couldn't help but think that Vieques's much debated future was here, in this rich patch of land.
The steroid is described by an expert on performance-enhancing drugs, Dr. Gary Wadler, as "the big, bad granddaddy of injectable steroids."
Many officers in Iraq see the general as a scapegoat for the inherent failures when he took over last summer in a rapidly worsening war that has claimed nearly 900 American soldiers, at least 600 of them under General Sanchez's command.
Mr. Blunkett spoke in Parliament after publishing a 51-page document setting out the government's belief that Britain -- a close ally of the United States in the invasion of Iraq and the campaign against terrorism -- faced a ''particularly high'' threat of terrorist attack ''because of the evidence that terrorist cells are active'' in this country.
Program A, tomorrow afternoon, includes Jonathan Wolken's dark look at coupled bliss, the hilarious and poignant ''Wedlock,'' a program by Ms. Chase.
Luat had notices in his name posted on walls and telephone poles in the Tonkin capital.
investigation of anthrax-laced letters that killed five people in 2001 said on Thursday that he saw little chance of the case's being solved in the next six months.
The movie lurches and stalls, dawdling on boring exposition and frivolous scenes only to tear through oversize plot points (fistfights, a hold-up), which in this soapy movie are only obligatory stops on the way to platitudes about love.
American museums often juxtapose Indian artifacts with dinosaur remains, Ms. Mayor said, but curators never seem to make the connection between local native cultures and the evidence of remarkable creatures from another age that the Indians had encountered on their lands.
And the fact that we were reasonably well off financially couldn't help us fix this problem.
LIKE most cities in Silicon Valley's outer stratosphere, Santa Cruz has a district dedicated to an odd marriage of high and low tech, where lumber mills and cement factories squat beside gleaming software business parks.
''We thought Teresa should have her own party.''
What is certain is that the threat of violence remains so intense, and the government's promises to secure the region so mistrusted, that no one here feels safe enough to return home.
WITH: Liv Ullmann (Marianne), Erland Josephson (Johan), Borje Ahlstedt (Henrik), Julia Dufvenius (Karin) and Gunnel Fred (Martha).
Although the inside jokes are cute (speculating about her new shrink, Sunny decides that "she probably had a boyfriend .
He said it was not yet clear if the gun used, a .32-caliber revolver, was licensed.
Peter McClintock, the stage director, might consider offering some advice here: whatever one thinks about Lisa's neurotic attachment to Ghermann, there's no reason for her to look silly.
In February, it flew 6.8 million passengers to 150 cities around the world.
To the Editor: Thomas L. Friedman succinctly suggests that we consider which of the two presidential candidates we would rather have along with us on a tiger hunt (column, Oct. 21).
Tidy aisles have sprouted a surplus of bells and whistles, seeking to establish themselves as suburban centers where everything from day care to banking to cooking lessons are available.
One would prefer to judge Mr. Sewell more on ''Moving Works,'' in which the dancers speed through contrapuntal patterns.
But she was testy about what her aides describe as her view of an Eastern establishment press that is antagonistic to her husband.
Kerry campaign officials said Lieutenant Rieckhoff approached them and was one of several Iraq veterans who had contacted the campaign with concerns about the war.
In the end, for all his political savvy and instincts, some think Mr. McGreevey may have made the biggest miscalculation of all by working so hard to keep his sexuality a secret.
Anyone wanting to see more than a blur out the car window can stop near a patch just off the northbound exit ramp at Pinesbridge Road.
W. was clinging to his inane mantra that if we fight the terrorists over there, we don't have to fight them here, even as bin Laden was back on TV threatening to come here.
From there, we continued to Viniterra, a large, mechanized operation, where production is in the hundreds of thousands of bottles.
And Jo Ann Cousin, a chatty 53-year-old pharmaceutical manager from East Windsor, N.J., appointed herself the final raker of each patch of trail.
Michael Phelps swam the second leg and watched his chances of winning seven gold medals get even steeper, although he still has up to six races left.
Several plaintiffs in the lawsuit said men were favored on what they called the "military side of the house."
She supervised the publication of a portion of her late husband's unfinished survey of Byzantine intellectual history.
Mr. Weinberg has successfully crossed other divides.
Gould explained the apparent contradiction by arguing that in a healthy, affluent society, more and more of the population approaches the outer limit of the human body's physical capabilities.
For the few Americans who have found -- or can afford -- St. Moritz, it can be hard to resist.
''That was the book on him.
The agency's total budget is about $70 million.
And I will always be the proud and grateful son of George and Barbara Bush.
Come November, the world will be waiting for a sign that the American electorate understands the seriousness of what has happened as well.
Cherished grandfather of Selina and husband Christopher, Dominic and wife Amy, Nicole and Joseph Jr. Greatgrandfather of Christopher Jr. Gramps, we will forever miss your voice and laughter.
"Joey," in which Joey Tribbiani (Matt LeBlanc) moves to Los Angeles to start a movie career, is enjoyable but feels a little too familiar.
A spokesman for Iran's Foreign Ministry, Hamid Reza Assefi, called the episode a misunderstanding.
That left the final price at $17 million.
Unanimity has its value, but so do debate and dissent in a democracy facing a crisis.
B1 ARTS & IDEAS B9-18 SPORTSSATURDAY D1-7 OBITUARIES B7 Rick James The unabashedly bawdy funk-rock pioneer was 56.
The official said the new formula was not directly linked to the unfolding incursion by Israeli forces into southern Gaza.
The tale of a great architect (Daniel Hudson Burnham) and a serial killer (H. H. Holmes), who were linked by the Chicago World's Fair of 1893.
''But it will be worth it to have bluebirds in the park again.''
''Publishers are looking for ways, outside their ad pages, to bring in new revenues,'' she said.
You can't worry about them; they're going take care of themselves.
Contributions to Leukemia and Lymphoma Society.
Facing fourth-and-1 from their own 23, coach Herman Edwards decided to go for it with 6:55 remaining.
And the longer the end game goes on, the harder it gets.
Performances at 11 a.m. and 1:30 p.m. Tickets: $8; museum members, $6.75.
Thurman does not, however, enlighten her audience; maybe she assumes that all New Yorker readers know what John Kerry's wife doesn't.
In1980, I lived in what was then Yugoslavia for a year.
On Friday, Ann Richards, the former Texas governor, appeared at a fund-raiser in Stamford for Mrs. Farrell, whom she came to know as a director of Save the Children, a Westport-based charity.
Just pop this disc in the player and you'll have all the putrefaction you could ask for.
The most venturesome changes of pace involve Ms. Molaskey, who serves as a harmony singer through much of the program and steps out in front for two solos.
The title drew my attention simply because that was a phrase used by my father to defend the inevitable results of his numbers habit.
He could seek an alignment with the center-left Labor Party, but such an arrangement is seen as inherently unstable because of their wide policy differences.
Bernardino Ramos, a legislator who heads a commission set up to pacify Chiapas, said the book seemed to be a clever way to rekindle interest in the problems of indigenous people the Zapatistas champion.
On Friday, cross-border rail traffic was suspended.
We should check why the lesson was not learned."
They make for interesting conjugal visits in this town.''
Carlos Beltran had to be crazy to swing.
Tiresome, perhaps, but useful: we feel we're in a deeply foreign country, yet it seems we still can speak the language.
The menu is dominated by dishes from China, Japan and Malaysia.
And when, some three hours after dinner began, you dish out dainty scoops of two kinds of ice cream, topped by your triumphant lacy rice noodle crisps, and sip your South African red muscadet, you will perhaps feel that the good life is indeed, for this night anyway, yours.
In both these pieces, the Esart players were not afraid to be loud; indeed, they appeared to enjoy it.
Mr. Ignatchenko argued that the presence of Arabs among Chechnya's fighters, no matter how few, proved continued international links.
But Mr. Sharon and his aides raised the possibility that a new Palestinian leadership could open the door to the negotiations envisioned under a Mideast peace plan known as the "road map," which collapsed shortly after its introduction last year.
Chrebet missed the preseason and Moss played in only one game, against the Eagles; the incompletion was the only pass thrown to him.
''Don't tell us that two million lost jobs is the best we can do,'' he said.
"The next thing I knew, he had me signed up as one of the coaches.
So far, however, Putin has ruled as if political liberties were a hindrance to getting Russia off its back.
This final chapter returns us to the general time frame of the first film and actually overlaps it.
Fund officials are focusing on whether Mr. Fernández, Mr. Mejia's successor, can quickly assemble a cabinet intent on pulling the nation out of its predicament, people involved in the negotiations said.
The remarkable thing about his approach to his business is that it's pretty much the polar opposite of what the music industry at large does.
(Drug Abuse Resistance Education) and other popular programs.
Almost a dozen inquiries have been initiated to explore the scandal and assign blame -- findings of two more are due this week -- and General Helmly ordered a ''special assessment'' to review the training of all reservists, especially in military police and intelligence assignments.
Mr. Berkowitz, as President of one of the nation's first and largest retail Money Market Mutual Funds, Dreyfus Liquid Assets, helped to transform the way Americans save.
It was an evening of powerful moments and wonderful individual efforts somewhat loosely coordinated.
''I'm not saying never, but we're not going anywhere this year,'' Terry Saban told the newspaper.
County officials find the city's urgency unconvincing.
On Friday, one judge set a Jan. 10 date for the first of a series of trials of Assemblyman Clarence Norman Jr., the Brooklyn Democratic Party leader, who is fighting claims that he misused campaign funds and strong-armed judicial candidates into hiring consultants favored by the party.
The Scarlet Knights cut the lead to 52-40 on a layup by Quincy Douby with just over 13 minutes left, but any rally was quickly snuffed out.
Some key civil liberties provisions were sacrificed to maintain the powers of the intelligence director.
At 29, Peterson has lately announced himself as a deadpan poet of cartoonish surrealism and graphic pizazz.
SEX -- ''Don't have sex or you will get pregnant and die,'' the school's sex-ed teacher counsels.
Israel thwarted eight other attacks that month.
"They're going to be heartbroken at not being heartbroken," said Mr. Epstein, a novelist who is chairman of the creative writing department at Boston University.
Inside the clubhouse, however, the players doused each other with Champagne and beer, and some even puffed celebratory cigars.
(I copped the idea for my headline from the title of his thesis, taken from another Times ID: ''A Blue-Eyed Man With a Flowing Beard.'')
"The jury is still out; it is still an open question."
And sadly, Ms. Ravitch and Ms. Weingarten neglect to mention that the Panel for Education Policy overwhelmingly approved our curriculum choice.
Mr. Brando did change acting forever with his performance of Stanley, because he was mind, body and heart in a way we hadn't seen before.
In contrast, Carroll wore a pullover shirt with a soft, open collar and chatted on in streams of consciousness.
Some doormen and concierges in New Jersey are members of the Service Employees Industrial Union of the tristate region and are hired through the union.
Then the waiters delivered dessert, a gooey chocolate soufflé with a mousse center and a side of crème anglaise.
And nobody of course has shown the courage to kick Big Sugar off the land, even though the industry costs taxpayers nearly $2 billion a year in the form of tariffs on foreign sugar and subsidies to domestic growers.
"Essentially FIDE is supporting a lottery, because you need a certain amount of luck to win," said Yasser Seirawan, an American grandmaster.
The police arrested a Jewish former employee on Monday in connection with a recent arson attack on a Jewish community center here, suggesting that the attack was not a neo-Nazi act as originally assumed.
Mr. Hossain offered his impression of a surge with hand motions.
Giambi's injured knee felt significantly improved after Chew worked on his hips, ankles and lower back.
In March, Judge Arthur Spatt of United States District Court in Central Islip dismissed charges Mr. Scott attempted to bring against Old Field under the federal Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations statute.
I opened it to find a large, oblong box made of orange cardboard, with "bonjour" printed on top.
Iraqi police forces and the Falluja Brigade, which Mr. Abdel-Latif said now numbers more than 1,000, are working side by side with civil defense units.
He returned one punt 76 yards for a touchdown.
This is another utterly typical example of the Bush administration going to bat for those who are economically and politically powerful against those who are economically and politically weak.
''Then I'd go and kill Christ.''
''The problem is,'' he said, ''she wanted to go home right away, but he has the house keys.''
But such signs of neglect between Japan and Russia are likely to recede further if Japanese oil companies do indeed undertake the once unthinkable steps of exploring in eastern Siberia and building a pipeline to the Sea of Japan.
But I lost touch with most of them as we grew up and went our separate ways.''
"Isn't it inadequate to impose a remedy when you don't know what the effect is going to be?"
"It used to be a train station.
The result is an unwavering argument against Fox News that combines the leftist partisan vigor of a Michael Moore film with the sober tone and delivery of a PBS special.
''It's mostly a wild weed.
Two French league clubs -- Monaco and Marseille -- will soon be playing for continental titles.
The group made no demand of Italy's government, but instead said it intended to inflict "punishment" on Italy for basing troops in Iraq in support of the American-led forces here.
Like SMS Elotherm, it is being pressed by its customers to cut prices, even as its costs rise.
A1 Million-Dollar Manhattan The average sales price for an apartment in the part of Manhattan south of East 96th and West 112th Streets climbed to a record high of $998,905 for the first three months of 2004, surpassing the previous record.
We live in an era (and, in New York, in a city) in which there is much fretting about the health of the theater.
"We're going to tear this down," Captain Leon said.
The storytelling is choppy and abrupt, and the filmmakers rely heavily on voice-over narration to announce themes that are never brought to dramatic life on screen.
A diet high in fruits, vegetables, whole grains and legumes and low in fat and refined carbohydrates, along with quitting smoking, moderate exercise and stress management, can reverse heart disease in most people.
As I've pointed out before, the twin U.S. budget and trade deficits would set alarm bells ringing if we were a third world country.
It's a strange paradox: Martyn Minns, the insistent evangelist, is seeking compromise, while Peter Lee, the pragmatic fence sitter, is standing on principle.
Mickelson received the same support Friday from New York that he attracted in 2002, when he finished second in the Open at Bethpage State Park's Black Course.
(A correction yesterday misspelled the mayor's given name.
'' He got up, ran two or three blocks to find the vendor and bought all of the flowers.
rulebook for several years that defenders are prohibited from initiating contact with receivers who are more than 5 yards into their pass routes, it is a new emphasis of the league this season that officials make that call.
This week he had five pepperoni breads.
Over the years Perry has enjoyed success at this event, with four top-10 finishes and a victory in 1995.
The Philadelphia Orchestra players agreed to terms allowing for 26 national and international broadcasts a year.
Check the Web site for Road Recovery, which sponsors the band Keeping it Real, with the Caron Foundation.
To offer consumers advanced displays at lower cost, manufacturers have focused on improving rear-projection technology.
The producers of ''The First 48,'' which starts tonight on A&E, have done that.
as he shambled from neighborhood to neighborhood, laden with used dresses, suits, hats.
Each time, he gave the same speech about how the division had spearheaded the invasion of Omaha Beach in France exactly 60 years ago.
"The only guarantee of continuing progress is the continuation of the process of accession to the EU."
Their badges have been taken away, and they can come back to the laboratory only under escort.
The rhythm-and-blues star Anita Baker made news when her first studio album in a decade sold 131,000 copies in its first week, capturing fourth place on the Billboard 200 chart and first place on its chart of best-selling rhythm-and-blues and hip-hop albums.
The bank expects Juniper to lose as much as $100 million a year in the first two years after the deal closes, as its spends money on marketing.
Still, some experts argue that because autopsies are expensive, do not always turn up new findings and can take away time that doctors might better spend obtaining biopsy results for living patients, it does not make sense to require them.
The DAVID HARE play "Stuff Happens," about the making of the war in Iraq, will be presented in what is billed as its first United States public reading on Oct. 24 when Hartford Stage opens "Red, White & New," its sixth annual festival of new works.
Senator Charles E. Schumer of New York has asked the Federal Trade Commission to investigate the practice and has proposed legislation to require stores that limit returns to clearly warn shoppers before they make a purchase.
Each morning they would run down the long stairways from the bluffs to the beaches and spend the day paddling around the Sound.
Crystal, a British linguist and the author of many books on English, including "Shakespeare's Words" and "Language and the Internet," mourns this golden age but sees hopeful signs that it might return.
Despite evidence of a struggle, Mr. Tankleff had no scratches or bruises, nor any blood or skin scrapings under his nails.
Sephora expects to move into the 12,482-square-foot space in late July.
Classes at the Viking Cooking School (101 Main Street; 662-451-1072; www.vikingrange.com) are $45 to $125.
This time, President Bush and Senator Kerry tied, at 46 percent apiece.
The eerie possibilities of cloning have captured filmmakers' imaginations.
Mr. Aust said that after he treats a building for pigeon prevention -- using a number of things like wire mesh, nets, spikes and electric shocks -- he knows that the birds relocate nearby.
If Mr. Kerry challenges this worldview, Mr. Bush will be forced to defend it.
Inside Kruger, all vehicles are restricted to paved roads.
you show them this and say, 'I'm a student at Assumption College,"' she said.
''Internal stains are deadly to the deal,'' Dr. Campbell said.
The bundling theory lies at heart of the commission's decision and G.E.
New studies used human beings in Toronto, walking on a treadmill in a cold laboratory, wind blowing in their faces.
Mills asked him, "How soon could you get here to interview?"
playoff opener, the Nets beat the Knicks, 107-83.
Although that was not the case, Mr. Wagoner said, the government officials made their point.
North Siders attend the South Side parade, he said, even though his song, chanted all down Western Avenue on Sunday, taunts the other side: ''We sing the songs our fathers sang when they were growing up, rebel songs of Erin's Isle in the South Side Irish pubs, and when it comes to baseball we have two favorite clubs, the go-go White Sox -- and whoever plays the Cubs.''
The medical staff will set those limits, but Coughlin will drive them right up to them.
Manhattan lives with this challenge each time it plays.
and that's why the surgeon general are looking very carefully to make sure it can be done in a safe way.
More and more green-card holders are now subject to mandatory removal.
''Now he's like that elder statesman of the N.B.A.
Professor Minow, who relies on volunteers for classroom discussion, has a simple way of fostering participation by women.
one resident snaps) and grant that child's Christmas wish.
But the minute he tries to analyze the psychological compulsions that drove the Witch to become what he characterizes as a "feminist assassin," he reduces her to just another male fantasy of an angry woman.
In high-stakes, no-limit tournament play, women represent only a tiny fraction of the entrants.
The scientists showed pictures of the fractured rocks and suggested that they were possible evidence of watery episodes even after the main contours of the surface were formed, events that are also thought to have been associated with the presence of liquid water.
Obviously, I'm less optimistic now.
What I like about a show like that, or the fact that there are many chairs -- our kind of portrait -- is that people look at that and realize there's no one solution to anything.
In a blender, purée the garlic, shallots, chilies, thyme, pepper, salt, 1/4 cup Armagnac and 1/2 cup olive oil.
Teague, Owen, Luck, Chrisco and Auman are the names of the potter families, the names on the headstones at Union Grove Baptist cemetery and the names we saw on the pottery shops up and down Highway 705, the state's official Pottery Highway.
Although I'm not sure why, the photographs made me think of surveillance and voyeurism.
''You need to bring people in and let them look at it.''
One client, who asked that his name not be used, for reasons of privacy, commissioned the firm in 1999 to build and decorate an 18,000-square-foot stone house in Scarsdale, N.Y. -- not, from the sound of it, what you would call casual.
But Mr. Kerry was also willing to take on an unpopular cause, the politically thankless task of normalizing relations with Vietnam.
The real culprits, Mr. Tankleff said from the start, were involved with his father's estranged business partner, Jerard Steuerman.
He simply does not play it for the most glamorous team.
''There is now a jihad,'' Susan Lindauer told me, rocking peacefully back and forth in her chair overlooking her untamed garden.
The touch is now a little pinching.
It was the first time in a year that they had made a new offer to the other union, the Council of School Supervisors and Administrators, which represents 460 day care supervisors.
Andrea Fasano, president of the senior class, said she had seen a welcome increase in school spirit as students got more involved both on and off campus and in the life of the university.
Minnesota (6-3, 3-3) lost for the third time in four weeks.
Mr. Gray, 62, has a history of depression and was badly hurt in a car crash in Ireland in 2001.
''What he was saying to me really wasn't even registering,'' she said.
So why should you go there?'
He handed out a list of the charges, saying the Americans would have time to translate it to English and read it.
Mr. Okyere, who was a postal worker in Ghana, came to the United States and attended a Brooklyn branch of the Full Gospel Bible Institute while working as a dietary assistant.
''The old party functionaries and the western investors found each other very quickly and worked out how to get the subsidies from Brussels,'' said Klaus Schröder, head of a research group at the Free University in Berlin.
Kidd said he would know by the end of the week whether he would need surgery to clean out bone and cartilage in his left knee.
''Employers and insurance companies are reluctant to cover part-timers,'' he said, because only those who expect to need care are likely to sign up.
SAREYAN--George J., on October 14, 2004, at the age of 87.
After their mesmerizing display of power and grace had subsided into contented bone gnawing, we drove to another lake whose guava-covered islands serve as lemur refuges.
There have been exceptions to the rule, V.A.
PRINCETON UNIVERSITY ART MUSEUM ''The Art of the Print of the Western World, Part II.''
The difference between Germany and Japan, however, is that Berlin has atoned and has established excellent relations with its neighbors while Tokyo has done none of these things.
He and other technicians are working with the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, the chief research and development branch of the Defense Department.
For example, the investigation found that in 2000 90 percent of the fruit the vineyard used was from concentrate.
Nine months of intense negotiations involving the United States and Great Britain succeeded with Libya, while 12 years of diplomacy with Iraq did not.
For directions visit www.barrett funeralhome.net.
Paul W. Cutrone Garden City, N.Y., Nov. 16, 2004
Dramatic weight changes like Mr. Bale's suggest a disconnect between mind and body, Dr. Petrucelli added.
He's not yet licensed to slaughter -- for that he goes to ''slaughter spots'' at larger slaughterhouses -- but the five employees cut steaks and chops and smoke and cure bacon, ham, sausage, turkey, fish and cheese.
Once he even took me to see his doctor and told him in that hoarse voice of his to 'take good care of this guy, he's a genius."'
To be sure, not everyone in Fairfield supports Mr. Kucinich, and not all those who support Mr. Kucinich practice Transcendental Meditation.
With L'Alpe d'Huez towering straight ahead, nobody gets giddy.
College officials seemed eager to avoid painting relations with the community with too dark a brush.
And because the studies were intended to look at the drug's effectiveness in preventing colon polyps or warding off Alzheimer's, experts say it is unclear whether the researchers controlled for underlying risks of heart disease like weight, age and smoking.
"The control and compliance fabric has to be strengthened," said Douglas Peterson, the new chief executive for Japan.
My lasting memory of the office in Toronto was the great view -- and the worn patches on the carpet where I paced around in my cage, obsessing about how I could get out.
One bottleneck has recently been converted from open prairie to an intensively developed natural gas field.
The performance by the 106-member ensemble at a gala concert at Avery Fisher Hall will usher in a season of 113 subscription concerts over 32 weeks, the orchestra has announced.
Still, with the Qatif field nearing production, Saudi Arabian light crude oil, prized because it is well suited for gasoline refining, is expected to increase by 500,000 barrels a day.
And over the next three hours, they showed up as a purée beneath filaments of mortadella in a quiche-like canapé and as pleasantly poppy, slightly cooked accessories to a fillet of white salmon.
Jermaine Dye hit a three-run homer in the third inning against Toronto's Pat Hentgen, and Bobby Crosby added a solo home run in the fourth.
Or about whether Mr. Hynes, whose salary is in the area of $130,000, is being paid during his suspension.
But a bit of extra butchering would have been appreciated.
The other soloists and the chorus are to appear as scheduled for the performance at 8 p.m. Friday.
In Baghdad, an American contractor for the Department of Defense was kidnapped from the Karada neighborhood by a group of armed men, according to private security advisers here.
As a result, Pittsburgh (13-1) extended its winning streak to 12 games, with a chance to clinch home-field advantage throughout the American Football Conference playoffs by winning its final two games.
''At the end of the day we have to sell the Knicks and we have to sell our vision moving forward,'' Thomas said.
E1 BUSINESS DAY C1-12 Mutual Fund Abuses Revealed Two people who blew the whistle to state prosecutors about corruption in the mutual fund industry told Congress how easy it had been for the funds to execute abusive trades.
The current White House has been practicing pre-emptive media intimidation to match its policy of pre-emptive war.
Mr. Reynolds said the role of FEMA was to fill in when a challenge was more than local officials could manage, and that in this case the agency appeared to have done well.
We also have a Chinese opera acrobat, Guo Yi, who plays the spirit of the swallow."
Reading the compilation of stories, recipes and opinion is like taking a tutorial in New York food history delivered by a fun-loving, know-it-all uncle.
The bride, 37, works in New York as the associate director of Adelson Galleries, which specializes in American and European paintings of the 19th and early 20th centuries.
Few doubt that President Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali, 68, will extend his 17-year rule with a new five-year mandate, and his Constitutional Democratic Rally is expected to keep a tight grip on the legislature.
In his other guise, Dr. Kamler is an eminent adventure physician, a staff doctor with scientific expeditions journeying to remote corners to investigate how crocodiles mate or how NASA's medical equipment works at high altitudes.
A marine researcher who knows the truth about a deadly mystery finds herself the target of a killer.
In a related investigation, prosecutors in Milan will investigate Italian and foreign banks to determine how much they and others knew of Parmalat's precarious financial condition in the months before it collapsed.
So far this year, more than 100 foreigners have been kidnapped, along with hundreds of Iraqis.
Access charges start at £20 ($37) a month.
Andor hoped to use any additional funds it set up as a way of retaining its own talented analysts, Mr. Lawrence said.
With a veterinarian's help, she eventually deduced that the bones belonged to poodles, plucked from the elite suburb bordering the mountains.
The dispute in every contested state is different, depending on the law and which party is in charge.
Over lunch at a diner here on a recent afternoon, 14 teachers from a neighborhood elementary school were trying in vain to identify the television journalist interviewing prospective voters at the next table.
Building management required that the new panels be created as part of a deal that allowed a Manhattan music and sound design firm, the Charles Morrow Company, to create a 22-minute, $5 audio tour, believed to be the building's first.
Some ingredients are just easily absorbed through the skin into the bloodstream.''
''And the downtown rail link is a project that complements and supports East Side Access because it will strengthen the Long Island labor market and the Long Island economy's connection to the New York City region.''
CinemaNow offers the greatest selection of online films -- over 5,000, including 2,000 feature-length movies and hundreds of shorter programs.
Noting that both sides are prepared to contest aggressively any questionable results this year, he said he expected that they would ultimately accept the verdict of the vote-counters or the courts.
He's confident that he'd remember if Mr. Bush had shown up.
He printed a bus map and schedule for me from his computer and pointed out the stop -- across the street from the Russian Orthodox Cathedral -- where I should wait.
* The Afghan Supreme Court has recently banned female singers from appearing on Afghan television, barred married women from attending high school classes and ordered restrictions on the hours when women can travel without a male relative.
While researching the section on hunting, he found "countless examples of guys on fishing boats, out at sea, wearing their camouflage -- it has some other meaning to them."
A product rated as a 9 in Brazil gets a 6 in Germany.
"You cannot put an ad for a product generated by the show, such as a Beyblade game on a Beyblade show."
Light-fingered Kenyans have exacerbated the problem by stealing road signs.
(A new Oscar de la Renta line, announced this week, will be priced lower still.)
In fact, the title of crime novelist doesn't really suit these writers; these are literary novelists who happen to write about criminal types, but whose work soars above genre fiction.
You don't talk about it.
has been around however many years now and there's never been three undefeated teams," said Rodriguez, the Hurricane center.
Correction: January 29, 2004, Thursday An article on Jan. 12 about the Stephen Foster Folk Culture Center State Park in White Springs, Fla., included an erroneous figure supplied by the center for its staff size.
Starting in World War II, Mr. Viscardi was prominently associated with or personally started some of the most important programs to emphasize that ''the disabled'' were in fact people with abilities.
The first man says, 'Oh, that's O.K.'''
''The Plain-Bellied Sneetches/Had none upon thars.''
He did not attend the 87th birthday party for his friend and former United States Representative Mario Biaggi, who also had his share of legal troubles while in office.
In August and September, the EPA tested the water on 158 domestic and international aircraft at U.S. airports, finding that 87 percent met the agency's standards for the quality of drinking water.
''For all these years, I've watched Lorcan build magnificent houses for other people, and I've always wished we could live in one too,'' said his wife, Cornelia Hayes O'Herlihy, an actress who appeared last year in the Bruce Willis movie ''Tears of the Sun.''
However filthy, frightened and hungry they might be, people try to hold on to their good manners, and to behave rationally.
And it is not as though liquor has no presence in stock-car racing.
Perhaps most striking was the clarity with which he presented Sorabji's fugues, even as the strands of the music coalesced into a huge welter of sound.
By throttling Boston's offense, the Yankees feel much better about their chances.
But on Tuesday evening, Mr. Kerry clearly had the advocate he was looking for when he chose this young-looking and relatively inexperienced lawyer from North Carolina to join his ticket; and that is something that Democrats are apt to remember for a long time.
80, wife of Cleveland E. Dodge Jr. Died peacefully on January 17, 2004, at her home in Pownal, VT. She will be greatly missed by her family and friends.
''Maybe in 20 years, if we ever get that, somebody else can say that they want to go for equity.
; a stepson, Matthew Maxwell of Essex Junction, Vt.; 12 grandchildren; and two nieces.
In ''Ted Williams: The Biography of an American Hero,'' Leigh Montville, a former sportswriter for The Boston Globe and Sports Illustrated, vacillates between being agape and being aghast as he traces the increasingly dark tale of his boyhood hero.
''Alarm bells should have gone off when everyone believes the same thing,'' Dr. Kay said.
''The days of Herbert von Karajan flying in with a cape and conducting a program are over,'' said Ms. Soroca, referring to the German maestro who defined the image of the modern jet-set conductor.
Politics may well feed on its own deceptions, but it cannot deceive the inner spirit.
Lincoln Center may not, on average, have the best-looking or best-sounding halls and theaters, but it has no end of inviting nooks and crannies.
After listening to doctors describe the procedure in detail during 16 days of hearings this spring, Judge Casey wrote that it is ''gruesome, brutal, barbaric and uncivilized.''
Mr. O'Rourke, the Morgan Stanley spokesman, declined to comment on Mr. Memmott's penalty or make him available for comment.
So much of our business is done with the European automakers, with BMW, Mercedes, Porsche and Audi.
Youth performs the same miracle for fashion.
Until then, crime news was generally buried inside the newspapers, if covered at all, and reporters were satisfied with secondhand versions from the police.
WeÂve stood up a new government thatÂs been in power now only 90 days.
''I never got into the New York thing.''
But in general the intent of plan for 65th Street, designed by the husband-and-wife team of Elizabeth Diller and Ricardo Scofidio, would be to make the campus more inviting.
Stop reading here if you don't want to learn what Isaac's problem is, though he announces it fairly early in the first act.
But the fish, which can grow to several feet, is resilient.
But throughout his political life, Mr. De Sapio was dogged by charges that he courted or tolerated organized crime overlords and that he himself was tainted by corruption.
"Actually, in Florida, you can imagine it."
There are also silk jacquard throws ($350) in rose, gold, and robin's-egg blue.
On screen the senator decides to boost his standing with black voters by recommending that the C.I.A.
Wannstedt, whose record with Miami is 41-26, is on the hot seat again, and local columnists ruminate not on whether he will be fired, but on whether he will last the season.
The first 12 arrests in the case followed within a few months.
But Mr. Kerry raised the issue, describing how the administration has failed to protect us against terrorist attacks.
"Sure enough, I'd pick up the paper and Franklin would win, 50-0," Rooney recalled last week with a laugh.
's to thugs shouting, ''You don't get no more chances, big boy!''
A year later, some of the statements made by Mr. Powell have been confirmed, but many of his gravest findings have been upended by David A. Kay, who until Jan. 23 was Washington's chief weapons inspector.
The agency has deplored Iran's lack of willingness to answer questions about its nuclear program but has taken no action.
The rights of citizens suspected of disloyalty.
Virginia was a patron of the arts, a life member of the Art Institute of Chicago, and one of the original leaders of the Great Books discussion groups in Chicago.
Mr. Owens's agent, David Joseph, says that the flood of complaints at his office and Mr. Owens's Web site also didn't start until more than 24 hours after the incident -- late Tuesday and early Wednesday.
But at its best it is original and exquisite and suggests someone beyond the bohemian cliché, clearly wrestling with issues besides the formal felicity of elongated shapes, who died prematurely.
The Decline of Syracuse This is what it has come to at Syracuse: The Orange's 31-10 loss at Virginia on Saturday was embraced as progress.
Because of computer and paperwork problems, her application was delayed, as the state's fiscal situation continued to deteriorate.
WILDEST STREET FAIR IN THE WEST, Columbia Grammar and Preparatory School, 94th Street, between Central Park West and Columbus Avenue.
Naturally, we men need to negotiate awkward male-female dynamics when we're the only guy in a roomful of women.
Mr. Hughes, who was nominated for a Tony Award last spring for his direction of "Frozen," had been said to be a leading contender, but a person close to the selection committee said yesterday that he was not among the final three or four candidates.
''We're big fans of the movie 'Stand by Me,''' Mr. Caldwell said.
The imagery in your latest paintings is culled from traffic signs, newspapers and billboards.
While lacking the visibility of the battles over welfare and labor reforms, the fight over reform of the pact may be the most important now facing the EU, pitting fiscal conservatives, who see the pact as the guarantor of monetary stability, against liberals who see it as an obstacle to growth.
205 West State Street, Trenton.
Graduate of Harvard Medical School, Class of 1950.
"Look at me," said Mr. Redstone, rearing back a little so we could take in the full figure.
But at the first corner, Sato, who started second, lunged onto the inside of Trulli, nearly knocking him off the track.
Mark MacGann, the head of the European Information, Communications and Consumer Electronics Technology Industry Associations, said, "We want a law that would prevent software patents but would allow the patenting of inventions that exist in the real world."
Mr. Kerry challenged Mr. Bush to join him in running a positive, optimistic campaign, but given the vigor with which he went on the offense, it's likely that we'll be hearing more about Mr. Bush's failures than Mr. Kerry's optimistic vision in the weeks ahead.
He won the Filmmaker Award for Lifetime Achievement and carried the glass award close to his chest, as if it really meant something to him.
Joseph Brouillard, founder of a corporate communications agency bearing his name, died on Sept. 24 at his home in Montpelier, Vt.
David C. Bohnett, a gay businessman who founded Geocities, the Internet company acquired by Yahoo, is a keynote speaker.
The last time Baker was at the Garden was Nov. 17 with the Celtics.
Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg has indicated his support for increasing the size of the fleet, and both the City Council and the state have given their approval.
Residents of Long Island should demand an environmental impact statement and public hearings, with the survey as their consulting engineers, before they allow their sole-source aquifers to be contaminated.
''It was the same issue as with steroids -- the privacy issue,'' Vincent said in a recent telephone interview.
After he pays for the necessities of life, he has about $2 a day left over for himself, his wife and daughter.
There was some interest from Best Buy, but the owner was concerned about big crowds and kids hanging out.
Recalling a Landmark THURSDAY -- Danny Glover will be the master of ceremonies at a dinner at the Hilton New York to benefit the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund.
The administration played little role in writing it, and in the final presidential debate Mr. Bush chose not to mention it, even after Senator John Kerry denounced it as "$43 billion of giveaways."
Some experts view the plan with a touch of skepticism.
Let's hope that 50 years from now, Sept. 11, 2001, and our response to it remain memorably singular.
He's not afraid of improbability, and he sees metaphors everywhere.
New York Theater Workshop, 79 East Fourth Street, East Village, (212) 239-6200.
Mr. Maughan's stature at the bank derived in large part from his close relationship with Mr. Weill, who remains chairman.
"Yes, the game has to move on and the people at the top have to sell it, but let the players play."
To enclose the open space, the Fabbris ran a limestone and iron fence down their side of the property line; original drawings for the house show a courtyard with a revolving turntable to switch the direction of a parked automobile, surrounded by plantings.
But HBO's widely acclaimed drama ''The Sopranos'' cemented its reputation as one of the most outstanding weekly series ever produced, with 20 nominations, the most it has received.
The dispersal of students throughout the city clearly does not make things safer for them.
Old friends were pushed away, jobs went by the wayside, and his credit card debt reached $40,000.
But deans caution about seeing law as a path and not an end.
Peter Eisenman has created what he calls ''a tour of 500 years of architectural history'' -- a series of rooms that demonstrate the shift from Palladian symmetry to the more complex organization of 21st-century buildings.
''There are a lot of basic expenses you don't think about,'' he said.
Party officials said the proposal, once fiercely defended by some deputies, had won few supporters during a closed party meeting the night before.
That would be crying uncle.
Those agencies included the joint F.B.I.-C.I.A.
If our rodent trials look promising, of course we'll want to take it to the next level, which means experiments with human embryonic stem cells.
That means that when a passenger refuses to hang up, ''flight attendants are going to take this behavior seriously,'' she said.
This low-lying city on the edge of the Amazon has long had something of a superiority complex, which was put embarrassingly on display in June at the Miss Universe competition.
But by 2002, he said, that number was up to 3.1 million and last year it rose to 3.5 million, an increase of more than 25 percent over three years.
Had he been fired for cause, Mr. Ovitz would have received no payout under the terms of his contract.
He also makes three asymmetrical porcelain dishes that stack, yielding a fanciful bento box ($185 a set).
Just like long-suffering Red Sox fans who take a special joy in their pain, the Moxie drinker also finds happiness in the knowledge that it would be hard to create a worse-tasting beverage.
In that sense, it was a book as much about journalism as about politics.
Reservations for a visit to the chapel, at Piazza Eremitani, 8, are not required, but they are highly recommended.
Correction Appended 'The White Family' Long Island Museum, 1200 Route 25A, Stony Brook, (631)751-0066.
Going to the conference final is very exciting."
The new agreement is subject to approval by the European Commission; its office was closed yesterday.
''He was outstanding; he really was,'' Jorge Posada said of Vazquez, who went eight innings and beat the White Sox on Wednesday.
Mowaffak al-Rubaie, the national security adviser, said he expected that Iraqi leaders would be given at least an advisory role in most major American military decisions, including the conduct of individual operations.
The Bank of England's monetary policy committee has raised interest rates five times since November, taking the base rate up to 4.75 percent from 3.5 percent.
He died in 2002 at age 88.
Tom Brokaw, the NBC News anchor, has asked for the first interview if Dr. Mongiardo is elected.
Duhon started on Sato, who shot 2 of 10 over all, then switched to Chalmers in the second half.
Sergio Tagliapietra, the state's economic development secretary, said the government acted to resolve ownership disputes over the site, land he said was better suited for tourism or commerce.
Mr. Annan has replied that he has "full confidence" in him.
"Second, we must expand our linkages with our major trading partners.
Do they do any good?
The Bucket Light is made from a five-gallon bucket liner and hangs from an orange wire.
"I found these on the way over here."
They don't have Bill Laimbeer and Rick Mahorn and Vinnie Johnson and John Salley, guys who you know would knock you down, but they are knocking us down right now.''
Alexander Stepanenko, a spokesman for the company's oil unit, said Gazprom had made the necessary deposit of $1.7 billion to take part, despite the fact that Deutsche Bank and other banks were delaying financing -- heeding an order issued late Thursday by a judge in Houston who told bidders and their banks not to take part in the auction.
Toronto art columnists are excitedly writing about a hoped-for ''Bilbao effect.''
City officials complain that the new capital-spending formula shortchanges the city and could become permanent, potentially affecting negotiations over the bus lines, since the authority would be taking on hundreds of millions of dollars in new capital costs for those services.
But Republicans and Democrats alike say the biggest tangles on Election Day will be challenges to the registrations of all the new voters, especially in Philadelphia.
Premiums can be nearly double normal rates, and here's the kicker: pre-existing conditions (i.e., the very troubles that landed you in the high-risk pool in the first place) are typically not covered for 6 to 12 months.
The success of the Nationalist Party and its allies, the People First Party and the New Party, in preserving their slim majority in the legislature could reverse some of the rising hostility lately between Taiwan and the mainland.
They looked under the hood.
I think the recommendations were outstanding.
Microsoft officials said the motivation for the announcement was the resolution of lawsuits and legal challenges against the company, many involving antitrust claims in both the United States and abroad, rather than pressures from investors.
So he majored in marketing and is now founding his own company, creating and selling piano compositions online.
It can't be based on emotions alone."
It's a bigger piece, welcoming and discussion-invoking.
He became known early on as the Teflon president.
I tried Red's birth name (Raymond Talbott).
The dangers from the Iranian regime's revolutionary foreign policy would be far greater when backed by nuclear weapons.
This sweet soul bestowed love and happiness wherever she went.
Mr. Das and Mr. Spitzer greeted each other over the screen, and suddenly several hundred teenagers sat up.
The six-hour test covers contracts, torts, constitutional law, criminal law, evidence and real property in 200 multiple-choice questions.
Wednesdays through Sundays at 8 p.m. Tickets: $18 to $22.
The lasers that weld steel are hidden, too, by opaque shields.
Thank you for sharing that with us.
His opinions and conclusions are his own.
The sentiment is not universal.
''We are not considering any further litigation right now,'' he said.
Because there is no Shoreham, we on Long Island don't have to worry the way Westchester does about meltdowns and terrorism at the Indian Point nuclear plant on the Hudson.
''I was behind a bunker and trying to reposition myself when my foot got hit with eight shots,'' Mr. Cody said.
'Trying to Create a Balance' Jack Lettiere, the state's transportation commissioner, agreed that the ban does increase costs for some interstate truckers.
Just seems like yesterday I was here in Wilkes-Barre.
''It's a tall mountain,'' said Steve Jarding, a former head of Mr. Edwards's political action committee who is now a fellow at the Institute of Politics at Harvard.
The suit says the commission's actions undermine campaign finance law "by permitting massive evasion, circumvention, subversion and violation of its provisions."
sales have soared, touching off bitter complaints about American cultural imperialism and a flurry of proposed anti-S.U.V.
Because this figure spans the entire nation, the hottest markets -- California and New York -- are obviously more overpriced.
This could have been a problem, but so far no one has called for her services.
The woman, who died in 2002, had lived in England, and probably contracted the disease there, health officials said.
Reposing at Walter B. Cooke Funeral Home, 353 2nd Ave, NYC, Sunday 2-5 and 7-9 PM.
It is Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg who has settled into a trough of unpopularity, with ratings below 40 percent.
The government has a spotty record when it comes to putting away fuel for a rainy day; in 1994, it stopped buying oil.
Moreover, Congress, then controlled by the Democrats, started bubbling up with protectionist bills and resolutions.
''They're just going to come for a little while and have a few drinks,'' the advance man says.
Even then, diners can ask for a special mixture of steamed organic rice and red beans, equally suitable for vegetarian diets.
The law requires courts to review restrictions on religious practices in prison with heightened skepticism.
The agreement gives Egypt duty-free access to some parts of the United States textile market if those products include some Israeli content.
Now, for the first time in a career that arches across more than 30 years, he is at the top of the chart.
Yolanda Griffith led the Monarchs with 13 points.
Most of the companies involved in pilot tests have set up so-called slap-and-ship stations, where workers manually apply the tags at far slower speeds than would be required if all cartons and pallets were being tagged and monitored.
Speaking of longevity, there was a special ceremony on stage after Act I with Mr. Volpe presiding to honor the 50th anniversary to the day of the tenor Charles Anthony's Met debut.
"Setting up a union won't make much difference on workers' wages because in most cases the union in China acts as a subsidiary to the employer and rarely represents the workers and fights for higher wages," said Fei Li, a retailing specialist at the School of Economics and Management at Tsinghua University in Beijing.
Indiana and Phoenix were the Rockets' closest competitors for McGrady, but he wanted to play with Yao.
The hotline, reachable at (914)967-0511, provides referrals as well as detailed directions on what to do if you find wildlife in distress.
''The question is not whether Marylanders will play slots,'' Mr. Ehrlich said in a recent statement.
JOHNSON, Justin W., 22, Specialist, Army; Rome, Ga.; First Cavalry Division.
Fred Wilklow, a farmer member, said: ''I really believe that in the past few years the decisions have been made through the F.C.A.C., and they've been followed.''
The art market was still in the grip of a recession that had dragged on for two years, and some executives feared that the company's ongoing bitter struggle with Swid and Cogan might cast a pall over the proceedings.
"If you no longer are carrying the mortgage on a million-dollar apartment, you can afford to go to the city or the beach whenever you want," Mr. Karlgaard said.
No-heighting means missing all three attempts in a competition.
You're afraid to come on my show!'''
Others dream of mounting a clown festival or performance series, tied to Emmett Kelly, one of the most famous clowns of the 20th century and a Sedan native.
There is a small rustic guest cabin.
Nor was it concerned two years ago when at another Senate hearing, witnesses called for the Senate to ban andro.
Dare did this eagerly; at least while Dare was sitting for her, Edie seemed to notice her presence.
* denotes a highly recommended show.
''I can't think of a situation where, if a patient called, I'd say go out and do this test,'' said Dr. Isaac Schiff, chief of obstetrics and gynecology at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston.
He didn't want to shoot any small animals.
The Southwest Student Services Corporation, for example, a lender that was bought this month by Sallie Mae, the industry giant, more than doubled its holdings to around $650 million worth of loans in the last two years, federal records show.
The government said the deficit would decrease to $3.2 billion by next year and to only $256 million by 2009
Some wondered aloud why Mr. Malik had not been arrested, and cast doubt on the story he had given to the police.
Realtors cite older areas like Mineola, Port Jefferson Station and Huntington Station, where houses are near the Long Island Rail Road stations and commercial areas, and where prices are typically 10 to 15 percent lower than those in nearby northern areas closer to Long Island Sound.
I don't even know the name of it.
Well, you could once get a Volkswagen Beetle for $2,000, too.
''It has taught people how to go face-to-face with them.
''The last couple of weeks have been a little rough,'' said Mark Corallo, a Justice Department spokesman.
The Cavaliers (15-10, 5-9) led briefly only twice in the second half before Billet came around a screen and shot with Raymond Felton in no position to stop him.
Channeling anger and sorrow into spotlight-stealing cuteness may be one answer.
He saw in Dickinson someone who was not afraid to try something new, who would not stop until he got everything right and refused to accept conventional racetrack wisdom.
At night, lights sweep across the tower and plaza, suggesting to some the searchlights of a prison escape movie.
The department eventually audited the center because of concerns about its management and performance.
At the end, I folded in fresh thyme, butter and grated Parmesan cheese.
"This is bigger than the 25 guys in this clubhouse.
''We're ahead of what we projected,'' Murphy said, ''and I'm surprised at the number of customers who get it.
The Toy Center is a year-round wholesale marketplace for funky Bratz dolls, Hello Kitty beads, belching robots, "Sex and the City" trivia games, boogie boards and vaguely foreboding "Van Helsing" merchandise.
Besides losing her daughter, her mother and her sister to cancer, she is frequently defending herself against lawsuits from former retainers and paramours eager to get a piece of the kitty she received after her 1996 divorce from Marc Rich, the billionaire commodities trader whose pardon by President Bill Clinton provoked a national uproar.
We've given it our all and I'm -- I'm sure he is happy, like I am, that the campaign has come to a conclusion."
But for salespeople on the floor at the store's new SoHo branch, the evidence is all around.
What kind of state of education is this?"
She recalls being told by a supervisor at Union Carbide that she should not expect a pay raise or a promotion, even though she was studying for a master's degree in operations management from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in New York.
Though their defense lost the shutout in the waning minutes, the Eagles never came close to losing this game.
And he said his summer job last year, doing programming work for a New York investment bank, also influenced his plans for the future.
And sweets offer benefits, he says, like fun .
It signals a growing environmental consciousness in Israel, particularly when it comes to scarce water resources; many Israelis see it as a sign that the nation is growing more ready to care for its biblical homeland.
The committee has not found anyone.
She outdid a whole generation of women.
The indictment is expected to be unsealed today.
But even with his own party enjoying a comfortable majority in Trenton, the governor kept to more limited and attainable goals.
Also at Grosvenor House, Vanderven & Vanderven Oriental Art, a porcelain gallery in the southern Netherlands, was selling a 28-inch-tall Qianlong porcelain cistern and cover decorated in blue and white from about 1740.
Places like Oak Hill and Little Charlie's Campground are fields of shiny rubble.
The other concurred with everything that had been said.
But this amounts to summarizing the familiar rather than breaking new ground.
Oh, and for those who want to take their digital files past airport security, the U.S.B.
In this age of terrorist threats, it is outrageous to even consider this as an option.
Mr. Aristide always promised to make life better in Haiti, where public health, education and the economy have been collapsing for decades.
I made a note to send him $10 million someday, when I have it on hand.
John S. Koppel Bethesda, Md.
Scientists say this actually occurred twice, 11,500 and 8,200 years ago, after the last ice age, when, within a decade or two, temperatures plunged after melting ice sheets fed fresh water into the Atlantic.
Following graduation from Harvard College in 1959, Mr. Davis began a long career in advertising.
''Reputation is the primary attribute of commercial relationships,'' he writes.
''Downtown Stamford,'' he said, ''is going to look a lot different six months from now, just as it did six months ago.''
Our guide through this maze is Mr. Washington, who plays Major Marco with the perfect blend of stoicism and agitation.
We extend our sincere sympathy to her daughter and her entire family.
"It was a significant portion," said Marjorie Anders, a Metro-North spokeswoman.
With some baby fat still to shed and a reticent manner, Mr. Davenport, a trumpeter and singer who has studied with Wynton Marsalis and played in Harry Connick Jr.'s big band, is just a shade too grown-up to qualify as a musical prodigy.
Then it turned out that the figure came from a 1997 form letter from President Bill Clinton, talking about how much was budgeted to help states move people from welfare to work.
"Thus far, the discourse has been much more political that pragmatic, with all this talk of a South-South alliance," said Eliana Cardoso, formerly a World Bank economist for China and now a university professor in São Paulo.
''This is about trying to save children,'' Mrs. Hinton said.
One of the most appealing is ''The Story of a Seamstress'' (1908), a depiction of his friend and mistress Ines before an open window.
A "true jazz moment," Ellison said, "springs from a contest in which each artist challenges all the rest," in which the very nature of the player's identity is at stake.
''The concept the president set up with the Middle East free trade area is to find countries that are magnets,'' he said as he praised Bahrain for what he called a flagship agreement.
And after 13 years of working as a bellman at the Park Hyatt hotel in Chicago, Mr. Reilly knows how high they are.
''At first, regulating was difficult,'' he said.
Edward G. Rendell, state Democrats are pouring money into an extensive get-out-the-vote effort in the suburbs in a push to deliver the state to Mr. Kerry.
Once Mr. Hussein settled in, he became more his old self, speaking with a strengthening voice to declare Kuwait rightly a part of Iraq, to rebuke the judge, as an Iraqi, for daring to countenance charges that Kuwait was not Iraqi territory, and to describe Kuwait's rulers as ''animals'' who had tried to turn Iraqi women into ''10-dinar prostitutes.''
Her children were in the courtyard waiting for her.
That's why the Chicago Bulls were on in prime time so much when they had Michael Jordan.
''I mean, look at this place.
In the Vietnam War, the Central Intelligence Agency recruited Hmong in Laos to be part of a secret war against the Pathet Lao Communists, rescuing downed American pilots and fighting North Vietnamese soldiers.
(The word sushi is a synthesis of the words for rice and vinegar.)
With his Harvard roommate John F. Kennedy, James Rousmaniere was part of the team that won the national intercollegiate sailing championship in 1938.
Requests for 2006 exemptions, led by the United States, Italy and Spain, already exceed the amounts granted for 2005, Mr. Hlavacek said.
Professor Barro is a prolific economist who has long been interested in studying how and why economic growth rates differ among countries.
Democrats pronounced Mr. DeLay "ethically unfit'' and called for him to resign as leader.
Joey worked the bar at the Chelsea Grill.
Chairman of Save Venice, Boston Chapter 1990-96, cofounder of the Kathmandu Valley Preservation Trust.
He tells parents that if their child does not get a solo in the final showcase performance, then that will be a good life lesson.
I light a candle and put it in the piano when I perform, even in Carnegie Hall.
The 78-year-old artist was a new, shining art star.
''It hurts us, there is no question,'' a senior aide to Mr. Bush conceded on Friday, as the Senate report was published.
And the network insisted that it did not sweeten a deal with Michael Jackson to secure a ''60 Minutes'' interview with him after his arrest last November as the network was preparing a Michael Jackson entertainment special.
Sets are tonight at 8 and 10 and tomorrow night at 11; cover charge is $40.
Proving once again that she will not be outdone when it comes to pop sleaze, she's back with ''Toxic'' (Jive), four minutes of ''Showgirls'' meets 007.
The new law applies to any Wisconsin resident who donates a kidney, a lung, bone marrow, part of the liver, pancreas or intestine.
The reasons for the surge in deforestation are a lot more complicated than they used to be, and the solution for saving the rain forest may be more development, not less.
If Mr. Kerry's lack of camaraderie is unusual in a presidential candidate, his difficulties in translating his Senate record into a campaign platform is hardly exceptional.
"I don't know if we made mistakes," said the Colgate senior wide receiver Luke Graham, who had seven catches Saturday and leads all active Division I-AA receivers with 200.
KENYA, he's 3; TARZAN and CLYDE almost 2; ZULU, my youngest, 6 months.
Power & Associates, the consulting firm, views the upper limit for hybrid growth at just 3 percent of the United States market for the foreseeable future; other analysts see it potentially at 10 percent or higher.
The office's deputy director, Stephen Blumenthal, said last week that the proposal to split the chairman and chief executive posts probably would be included in Ofheo's plan, which now faces a 60-day period for public comment.
Some lawyers suggest that it is unlikely that the jury will give a death sentence, in part because Mr. Peterson's convictions were based principally on circumstantial evidence.
Mr. Kennedy is clearly enjoying himself.
Mr. Ryu added that Mr. Chung was initially approached by Mr. Yi, who had asked him for introductions to some Korean-Americans in Los Angeles.
Several could not be reached yesterday by phone, suggesting that they had not managed to transfer their office calls to cellphones or answering services.
Mark R. Twombly, who went to work for the newspaper in 1974, fresh out of college, said: ''This was a worldly group of people with a secretive background.
Luckily, I already have the basics: a closet full of cropped jackets, ballet flats and short, fitted jackets.
To the Editor: ''Indonesia's Secret War'' (editorial, Jan. 3) correctly criticizes the Bush administration for failing to press Indonesia to end atrocities in Aceh for fear of offending a partner in fighting terrorism.
But she said that in Hong Kong, ''The real issue is how are they going to keep the deficit under control -- this is the scary question.''
The goal is less to compete with Wal-Mart directly and more to focus on profitable opportunities in selected markets.
He added, "Life is like a seesaw, and the Daytona is at the wrong end of the season."
The patients will make you."
(It will appear in the fall edition of the Society's publication in an article on county breweries.)
And it was the swiftness with which Democrats close to the Clintons rushed to General Clark's side that signaled the concern in the Clinton camp at the prospect that Dr. Dean might become the face of the Democratic party.
But ultimately it was his high-impact virtuosity that led modern tattooists to pledge their allegiance.
Either the Yankees or Twins will have to face co-aces Schilling and Martinez in Games 1 and 2 of the ALCS.
Yet Mr. Cucciniello, draping his thick forearms over the cash register one recent night, said the pizza in Rome is being made by foreigners and is not authentic.
MATULA, Matthew E., 20, Cpl., Marines; Spicewood, Tex.
I just put a good swing on it, and hitting is like riding the wave -- you ride it for as long as you can.''
For the past decade at his church, St. Paul Community Baptist Church in East New York, Brooklyn, Dr. Youngblood has held a commemoration, the Maafa, to express the grief of the catastrophe that befell his ancestors: the horrific journey of millions of black people from freedom in Africa to bondage in the New World.
MILLER--Rose P. In loving memory of our mother and grandmother who had a long caring life, widow of Harry Miller, died peacefully at her home at the age of 95.
Though children ages 2 to 11 make up a small percentage of the audience of either show, there are actually more in that age group tuning into Mr. Cherry's marital brawls (870,000) than into the N.F.L.
The number of cattle tested in the United States has risen tenfold, but is still just a small fraction of the national slaughter herd.
Then, one after another, she whipped through six additional dishes from her new book, "Lidia's Family Table," with David Nussbaum (Knopf, $35).
STRAUSS--Alice H. Congregation Emanu-El of the City of New York records with deep sorrow the death of our cherished member, Alice H. Strauss.
More than 100 residents of Jap Road and supporters of their effort to maintain its name gathered at an open-air bar on Wednesday evening to drink beer, eat barbecue and ponder how to thwart their opponents.
The most important thing is, how does it feel?
His lead lawyer, Gerald L. Shargel, said jury selection would take two weeks.
said that its president, Jacques Rogge, had appointed a disciplinary commission of three members to look into the matter.
For all the anger toward Mr. Bush in the suburbs, the polls show he continues to command the vast rural counties in the middle of the state.
But parts of Cape May lost power in the first big storm of the season, which swept through on July 14.
But after falling behind by three games in the series and needing extra innings simply to get to Game 5, Boston is in one-day-at-a-time mode, so much so that Francona said half of his players might not know about Schilling's availability until they showed up for the game.
Giving by the top 400 from 1997 to 2000 grew significantly faster than their incomes, which ballooned with the rise in the stock market and the increased generosity of their capital gains tax cuts.
LOVE MONKEY By Kyle Smith 336 pages.
Starting Saturday, some restaurants may also be closed on one day or another for parties, so it may still pay to call ahead.
The four men are accused of passing confidential information they had been given, or told of, to a foreign power but have not been accused of actively spying.
"There have been a number of state and federal efforts that have made significant progress, but we have quite a ways to go."
Owners should also think carefully about their dogs' physiology and personality before signing up.
For now, thank you, Senator Kerry, President Bush.
''We filmed them all separately, and then the animators at Jim Henson's Creature Shop used the footage to animate the lions' mouths,'' he said.
To the Editor: A July 27 letter writer claims that marriage has ''for all time and in all societies been understood as a serious commitment between a man and woman.''
Anna Halprin will discuss her pioneering, iconoclastic modern dance tomorrow at 4 p.m. in conjunction with the screening of a new film about her, ''Returning Home,'' which will be shown that night (Dunning).
"This is a national problem," he said of the hidden risk such plans can pose to employees.
This year's version, from March 6 through March 14, features 125 events at 52 venues in every county of the state with plays, workshops, theater games and crafts, storytelling, backstage tours, discussions and events in Spanish.
''Chalabi selected the judges according to his political opinions.''
''We knew four out of six of them.''
He said the British authorities had seized his computer in June from his home in France.
Jeffrey Seller, a producer of ''Avenue Q,'' says he is not worried.
They have done it with defense, much like Daly's famed Bad Boys did in outlasting superstars like Michael Jordan and Magic Johnson to win championships in 1989 and 1990.
To attend to our strangely situated table, which was essentially at floor level with a deep well below it for our dangling legs, she occasionally had to get down on all fours.
Roger W. Straus Jr., the brash and opinionated grandee who presided for nearly six decades over the book-publishing company that bore his name, the last surviving representative of the age of independent houses owned privately by gentlemen of literary taste, died Tuesday at Lenox Hill Hospital in New York City.
Government watchdog groups have long said that in New Jersey, an unwritten policy of "pay-to-play" has required vendors hoping to do business with the state to donate to the campaign committees of party leaders.
Because content and detail can be lost on viewers, Mr. Schroeder said that the best candidates know they are conveying impressions and that "a little motion on TV can go a long way" in livening up a formal debate.
Ms. Taco called the phone company and straightened it out.
Most still have jobs, too, but outside school hours.
It's easy to envision him as the nominee four or eight years down the line, or on the ticket for vice president this fall.
8 p.m. 2) Where the Wild Things Are Hop on Denver's newest mode of transportation -- the light rail -- to get to the city's oldest restaurant, the Buckhorn Exchange (1000 Osage Street, 303-534-9505).
Ms. Errickson denied that charge Monday.
''A certain amount of discretion'' has to be left to lawyers, Mr. Zauderer, the commission chairman, said.
They have sung at Shea Stadium, Lincoln Center and the White House, and have entertained millions on television.
(Ms. Andersson appeared in a dozen of his pictures; Ms. Ullmann starred in nine, lived with him for five years and had a child with him.)
When Mr. Bush arrived this summer in Ireland, he was spirited off to a castle, miles from anyone.
"We emphasize tact," Mr. Iuliano said.
IN expressing her hopes for the Westport Country Playhouse a few years ago, Joanne Woodward was like any new volunteer, exuding a mix of naïveté and energy.
For incoming units, the process will start at the Ash Shuaiba port, where as many as three or four 900-foot-long Navy transport ships may be unloading at any time.
Students who come in for help are usually interviewed so that counselors can assess the severity of their problems.
''It's a challenge,'' the official said.
Anna, a middle-aged marriage counselor from Rome, looked strangely out of place amid the foliage with her platinum curls and wary glances.
Only a few such cases have been brought across the nation, and none have succeeded.
Mr. Kerry said he also was the one who thought it best to go after Vice President Dick Cheney on his ties to Halliburton.
Subscriptions to the academy's spring season go on sale tomorrow, and single tickets for "Hecuba" will go on sale Jan. 3; ticket services, (718)636-4100.
Nielsen Media Research, responding to critics of its plans to change the way it measures television ratings in New York, released results yesterday of the most recent test of the new system.
''We will be able to send some of our folks in to look at everything that the Clinton library sent over, to ascertain for ourselves that we have the material we need,'' he said.
None other than Todd Bertuzzi of the Canucks, who added, ''That was the most cowardly act ever.''
Politics aside, Professor Williams said he thought it was about time the court got a member who was business-oriented.
As a car museum, the G.M.
"He's so much more advanced than any rookie I've ever seen.
Two Republicans, Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska, are in tough re-election fights.
Zelnorm, the trade name for tegaserod, has been shown to be effective in treating the syndrome in large clinical trials.
Ms. Chen offers private lessons, fields calls and hands out equipment to customers eager to pay $8 an hour to battle over the club's six tables.
But in homage to JIMMY BRESLIN, we shall bypass Ms. Anderson, and zoom in on The Little Guy.
In that sense, making a game based on a prominent book or movie is essentially a safer bet: the title probably won't become a blockbuster, but it is also less likely to fail outright.
The United States is handing the interim government a deteriorating military situation.
Wall Street analysts say that if the same regulatory magnifying glass were used to examine the operations of most other sizable mortgage concerns in America, a case for dubious accounting could probably be made for many of them.
There is nothing blasé about these softball players.
Foreign policy analysts predicted that mainland officials would initially reject it.
"They said, 'We can have much more impact by giving our tools to third parties."'
Ms. Armstrong's reliability was never impugned by defense lawyers, like that of another government witness, Douglas Faneuil.
I trust you will not condemn my position because it seems marvelous.
His father-in-law shakes his head.
In a March episode a movie called ''The Passion'' wins over Eric Cartman, the fat one, who was himself crucified in 1999 in South Park's own prescient passion play.
It's a zone of chain-link fences, narrow sidewalks, odd-shaped lots full of trash and a strange array of businesses that seem like transplants from the suburbs of another galaxy: a reptile museum, a Scientology storefront, a store that sells wigs and Korean action movies, and a boarded-up inn called the Jolly Swagman (that once served what -- loin of wallaby?
In one effort to force their way into an Orlando campaign office, union protestors sprained the arm of a Republican field director.
400 in the college career of Sooners Coach Kelvin Sampson, who is 224-81 in 10 seasons at Oklahoma (10-0).
Performances are free in the small, simple private clubs, where flamenco jam sessions still offer a taste of what the passionate art was like before the explosion of touristy flamenco clubs.
Negotiations are continuing in Denver.
Some viewers wondered whether it was an accident.
Chief Smolka, 51, will be promoted to the rank of assistant chief at a ceremony today.
Although all this boosterism has brought about many opportunities, some people have seen the voids created in the absence of a governmental authority overseeing the process.
The fire came first in 1904 to the fledgling town, and then again in 1908.
Rogge has gone after the dopers in his own publicly sedate way.
Students at schools that fail to meet the targets for two years in a row are entitled to transfer to a higher-scoring school.
At a rally in Hobbs, N.M., Mr. Bush turned Mr. Kerry's words against him.
At least four members of Parliament demanded to know why British military officials had not expressed their opposition to American military commanders after learning from the Red Cross of the rampant abuse of prisoners that had been discovered in the Abu Ghraib prison, just west of Baghdad.
Lamp shades were all matched in height.
Devoted mother of Andrea and Elizabeth.
''When he's there he'll say 'my Mom' and 'that's my other mom', so I know if he feels that comfortable she must be taking care of him like I do.''
Does, say, Barbara Kingsolver get phone numbers after the bookstore closes?
Score one more for the Giants.
The group declared the women to be "spies" and promised to use them to "burn the hearts" of Italy's prime minister, Silvio Berlusconi, and of the Italian people.
He may finesse the anti-gay-marriage amendment idea by concentrating on incentives to poor straights to stay married.
In addition to working in New York, Morphosis is completing a facility for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration in Suitland, Md.
But a police official said last night that the girls had told relatives yesterday that they were raped at apartments.
She read a passage in Yiddish from Gordin's Faust play, "God, Man and Devil" (1900), in which the devil tempts a man into abandoning his faith by presenting him with a winning lottery ticket.
The man, Calvin Harris, 36, had a .380-caliber gun in his lap when the police found him, they said.
Not only did the Indians assign Tavarez and Ramirez to the same hotel room, they also gave them a room that had only one bed.
As you would expect, Coors has threatened to pull out of the venture if a hostile suitor shows up, making Molson much less attractive to rival buyers.
Mother of Leslie A. Kolvek, Carrie Williams and Kyler Henwood.
"It's really an attack not just on the liberal media or press bias, it's an attack on professionalism itself, on the idea that there could be disinterested reporters," he said.
Second Lt. Felisa Salud Aldas Lewis and Maj. William Eugene Acheson were married yesterday at the Cadet Chapel at the United States Military Academy at West Point, N.Y. Col. Neil Dennington, a Protestant Army chaplain, officiated.
"Whether the price is $50 or $30, we don't care as long as people are trading," Mr. Hopkins said during a short break.
Sanford I. Weill, Chairman SCHEUER--Walter.
''Business has surrendered,'' Mr. Volk said.
A series of critical news reports about questionable actions had begun to surface about Mr. Kerik, threatening to turn his Senate confirmation into a lengthy embarrassment for the administration.
Schools may treat cheerleaders as athletes -- but they don't have to.
I'd always thought of them as supremely aquatic creatures, but then I'd never seen a drake run after his mate in breeding season before.
He often teamed up with Joe Wilfer, until Wilfer died, in 1995.
He was 52 and lived in Pound Ridge, N.Y. Mr. Reeve was being treated for a pressure wound, a common complication for people in wheelchairs, said his publicity agent, Wesley Combs.
Next year, Mercury is planning a large mall along another major highway out of town.
By Saturday night, Phelps had taken a much more reverent tone toward Spitz and was clearly touched by Spitz's warmth during their meeting.
When Munro was still an adolescent, in what appears to have been the defining emotional circumstance of her young life, her mother began to suffer from a welter of enfeebling and mortifying symptoms that would eventually be diagnosed as Parkinson's.
After the speech, he met privately with more than two dozen Dean organizers in Minnesota.
On the surface it's just another quiet oasis of primitive nature happily spared the woodsman's ax.
The performance was inspired by the center's extensive collection of Shakespearean-inspired artworks on permanent display.
The Thrashers are desperate for a boost from Heatley.
Vice President Dick Cheney arrived at Ellis Island, opposite the gaping hole in the Manhattan skyline, and praised Mr. Bush as ''a man calm in a crisis, comfortable with responsibility and determined to do everything necessary to protect our people.''
Feeling caged and pressed for cash, John Dillinger in June of 1934 was seeking nothing less than a new way to live and make a living.
ALL but obscured by the holiday hubbub, three new stores, two in Manhattan and one in Brooklyn, are opening to help those contemplating home renovations or new furniture for the New Year.
He is still developing it.
It was the New York office, not the Boston headquarters.
Fair enough, but which is it?
She also boasts that her prices for prints, framing and paintings are modest compared with galleries farther uptown.
Unless those numbers are high enough, what happened last year in Baghdad and other cities could be repeated in Falluja, torpedoing the elections, and with them the only visible hope for Iraqi political revival and American military withdrawal.
For the opera the role was tailored to the powerhouse soprano Lauren Flanigan, whose raw-voiced and tempestuous Tulip took adjusting to.
"He must think we're on another planet," Mr. Bush said, reviving his argument that Mr. Kerry had changed his mind too often on Iraq.
It estimates that 30,000 people were buried in some 600 mass graves.
With the campaign clock ticking down, President Bush and his opponent John Kerry ratcheted up the attacks on each other today, dueling in speeches and over the airwaves about national security and seeking to build voter support among women.
When school resumed on April 26, two school staff members interviewed the two boys who said they were assaulted and "found the complaint to have merit," the police affidavit says.
This month's call listings include exercise programs, Bingo and a discussion of West Indian literature.
With her boyfriend, Cheung went camping, stayed in hostels, learned to play a good game of pool and went bowling.
A representative of the American Civil Liberties Union insists that all speech, and in particular offensive speech, has to be protected and that New Jersey officials had a moral obligation to respect and protect the poet's right to speak out.
WhileNewton received the adulation of his countrymen (he was master ofthe Royal Mint and president of the Royal Society, was knighted, andgiven a state funeral), and his scientific methodology was muchpraised, he had little substantive influence on the moralphilosophers or on the issues that dominated the BritishEnlightenment.
Intel had been betting that it could break the chip market into two incompatible segments, one for 32-bit designs and one for 64-bit designs.
"He did a lot of things that weren't right," she said.
Yet after the electrifying presentation by Ghazal, the Requiem, for all of Mr. Langrée's brisk pacing, sounded a little flabby and imprecise.
The issue was whether Ms. Stewart was required to pay state income taxes, and among the points of disagreement was whether she maintained a home in New York and how much time she spent in the state each year.
But Democrats point to vanishing industries and an unemployment rate that has been creeping up.
She returned safely, but the experience shook the couple and made them think deeply about what it is they wanted from life and each other.
He also recalled negotiating with drug dealers to try to keep them away from play areas.
for standing, but I can't sit down because the dress is too short if I do that.''
''Puritanical Irish society is really a 19th-century phenomenon,'' Mr. Rutherfurd said.
But Plachutta is the place to eat Viennese boiled beef.
"And Governor McGreevey could have just called their bluff and let this hang over his head for eternity.
They can include humans, cupids and mythological creatures, birds, monkeys, flowers and leafy tendrils.
Those remarks angered Mr. Breeden, who issued a statement yesterday saying, ''There is not any doubt whatsoever that the payments in connection with these supposed 'noncompete' agreements were not authorized by the board.''
THOMAS STARR Boston, March 9, 2004 The writer is an associate professor of graphic design at Northeastern University.
She excelled in sports and academics, and had earned a scholarship to an engineering college.
The cause of the fire and explosions remained unclear last night.
And while Mr. Kerry is campaigning with a renewed passion and delivering his speeches with greater urgency, he may still be able to benefit from a pointer or two.
Some department staff members also say that employees who are normally part of the approval process have been excluded from the decision to continue paying student lenders big subsidies even as concerns over their legitimacy have been raised.
Digitas in Boston, the interactive and direct marketing agency, has agreed to buy Modem Media in Norwalk, Conn., in a stock transaction valued at about $200 million.
Mr. Kelly saw the studio walls, painted a subtle gray hue, as continuous flat planes on which to place his sculptural pieces, so the door had to remain flush with the exterior wall.
Time is of the essence, opponents of the plant contend.
Senator John Kerry's Iraq vote is going to haunt him throughout the presidential campaign, no matter how he explains it.
investors are being treated equitably in the company's bankruptcy proceeding in Italy,'' Lawrence West, the S.E.C.
Major League Baseball and its players union will begin meetings today in Manhattan that could lead to a more stringent drug-testing policy.
Heatley could be sentenced to 15 years in prison if convicted of vehicular homicide.
At least 20 other states are considering bills to require the paper trails.
In 1882 -- two years before the Dakota was finished -- he had his architect, Frederick T. Camp, design a seven-story apartment house he called the Imperial.
Using the poll findings to make their case, relatives of victims of the attacks and others skeptical of the commission's investigation have asked Eliot Spitzer, the New York attorney general, to open an investigation into what they said were unanswered questions.
But Wilson was robbed of a hit in that game and played strong defense, and he said he hoped to earn more playing time.
Sixty-one percent of the town is taken up by the Cape Cod National Seashore, a protected area for hiking, biking and nature walks through the marshes, sand dunes and forests of pitch pine and scrub oak.
The police did not release their names last night, and they did not give the age of the girl who was sprayed.
Author of light verse into her 90s.
We've had no sustained improvement."
There was a show of support for Coach Barnett on campus Thursday afternoon, when six former Colorado football players gathered to defend his character and integrity.
They came over to celebrate my 82nd birthday.
I was older now, with a child, and the company was right: I didn't have the time or patience to break in shoes.
"It is a travesty to call such a murderer Constantine the Great," he wrote.
Kerry campaign officials said the fact that Mr. Bush was spending time in Virginia three weeks before the Republican convention showed that his campaign was highly worried about losing a state that he won handily in 2000.
For the first time, the city seems to be taking the problem of reducing rubbish seriously.
Our house is one of the reasons our children are so calm and centered.
Perfection is marketing six low-carbohydrate bread products and plans to introduce reduced-carbohydrate buns for hot dogs and hamburgers.
It is Sept. 22, not Sept. 14.
Suspended Philadelphia P Ryan Madson for three games and fined him an undisclosed amount for intentionally throwing a pitch at Toronto's Frank Catalanotto in an April 1 game and suspended Philadelphia manager Larry Bowa for one game and fined him an undisclosed amount for Madson's actions.
The agency has two inspectors monitoring operations at Indian Point during the normal day shift, said Neil A. Sheehan, a spokesman.
China is spending a reported $1 billion in an oil deal with Brazil that includes building a pipeline, an investment that some analysts say may cost three times the market value of the oil involved.
It was very fashionable, and verybeautiful.
It was a statement, and needed no reply.
But file sharing -- like the new generation of legal music-downloading services, including Apple's wildly successful iTunes Music Store -- is also a direct response to a number of unpleasant realities in the music business.
I thought that relationship was really promising.
Salt draws out the sweet vegetable juices, eventually producing lactic acid to further preserve the cabbage and in the process turn it into something better.
The consecration of the Rev.
Informed of Mystery's sideline, she said, ''It doesn't change my impression of him, because some guys need the help.''
While Nortel then investigated several outsiders to replace Mr. Roth, its board surprised many analysts by picking Mr. Dunn.
His survivors include his brother, of Mill Valley, Calif.; and Larry Schlienz, of San Clemente, Calif.
Infinity emphasized its continuing support for Mr. Stern's show, despite paying $1.7 million in fines in 1995.
It confirmed the deaths of the following Americans yesterday: BURGER, Dale A. Jr., 21, Cpl., Marines; Port Deposit, Md.
From two outs in the first inning until two outs in the ninth, the Mets did not manage a hit and did not have anyone reach base in a 3-1 loss to the San Diego Padres.
Did I somehow invite this?
If you saw ''The Producers'' when it first opened, you might argue that the timing isn't as sharp or the focus as intense as it was.
Advocates say the online indexes better reflect how so many job hunters are migrating to the Web from newspapers and employment offices.
Evaluation / Assessment: Students will be evaluated based on initial journal writing, thoughtful participation in class discussions, thorough and accurate research outlining a war or conflict, and thoughtful completion of a computer game narrative drawing on historical details.
Life has changed, and it does not just switch itself back onto the old track for three summer months.''
Yet the subject still tends to be a bit touchy, especially in and around Arnold's hometown.
Labor unions decried the possibility of job losses from the labor-saving technology.
Her father, who is retired, owned a seat on the New York Stock Exchange.
One feature of the project envisions rolling lawns planted atop high-rise housing, for example.
There is no shortage of rooms in Fort Worth, and up-to-date hotel package deals are listed on www.fortworth.com.
Folks were drinking real drinks, and many puns on the subject of the Last Taboo could be overheard.
But when the action turns negative for their child or team, the parents grow silent.
To the Editor: Regarding ''Stockholm Style,'' (Aug. 8), frugal travelers would love the Stockholm Card, which provides discounts.
The son, Marlon Legere, 28, refused to get out of his mother's car, which was on the street in front of her house.
Correction Appended HARTFORD, Dec. 3 - The escalating controversy surrounding the pending execution of the serial killer Michael Bruce Ross has presented Gov.
HUI--Robert M., M.D., 84, died October 27, 2004.
I lingered, watching the Europeans at play, until I looked at my watch and remembered my hostage euros.
Â Â DARGIS * `THE MOTORCYCLE DIARIES' Starring Gael GarcÃa Bernal and Rodrigo de la Serna.
Her father develops residential real estate in Uvita.
And losing is not the best remedy."
Parisians saw its second act in 1956, but Americans have seen essentially only excerpts from Soviet productions and a version by the London Festival Ballet.
Instead, he wants to tell the truth about ''who and why we are what we are,'' and to tell it entertainingly.
The three-run lead did not look as if it was enough the way Clemens was pitching.
Mr. Suozzi, a Democrat, was elected in 2001 after vowing to reform government and restore stability to the county, promises he invoked as he released his budget proposals on Monday.
The number of lawyers in Nassau and Suffolk will rise nearly 21 percent during the decade, creating 1,740 new jobs by 2010, according to the state's Department of Labor.
He delivers the mail to people like himself: modern-day river rats with names like the Marsh Rat and Gator Barb who have forsaken the life of voice mail and Shadow Traffic updates to heed the pull of the labyrinthine waters of the delta, a languid 1,100-square-mile triangle-shaped network of levees, inlets, river channels, sloughs, marshes and fields extending from Suisun Bay to roughly 20 miles north of Sacramento.
His game took off after that.
They carried sheaves of bank notes.
"But once they start talking about what happened to them, you start feeling responsible," he said.
Low-carbohydrate diets are everywhere, and the glycemic index has become the trendiest new concept in weight loss.
Last year, the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court declared over the vehement objections of Gov.
While St. Philip's ''creams'' by Newark standards, the families are far less wealthy than nearby suburban residents.
"I'm always hearing people say, 'I bought a house next to such and such famous person' or 'I'm in the same neighborhood as so and so."'
He graduated cum laude from Furman University in Greenville, S.C., and received a law degree from Columbia.
And for farmers closing out their books at the end of a year when they earned more money than at any time in the history of American agriculture, it certainly looks like happy days.
The new rule on codes of conduct is to take effect in January.
Helping someone with a terminal illness to die would be the greatest help of all.
Most of all, you have capital.
Right, the one with those naked giants.
Some say ferry riders are driving the city's rehab, not necessarily because there are more of them but because they are spending extra time in town before jumping on their boats.
PROJECT X By Jim Shepard.
''I think that there were some people that were upset with how he handled the situation,'' the veteran wide receiver Muhsin Muhammad said.
That pitch was the double-play pitch.
JEAN-MARC DE LA SABLIÈRE Permanent Representative of France to the U.N. New York, March 29, 2004
''It will breathe some life into the hopes of people who are upset about WhenU and similar companies,'' Mr. Neuburger said.
The commission said that the discount landing fees charged to Ryanair by the airport amounted to an illegal subsidy under European law.
For those on enalapril, it was 20.2 percent, or 136.
''The tools are improving, but the skills to convincingly doctor photos are scarcer than people think.''
"I think the blessings and prayers and being a man of God, I think keep me humble.
For years, Microsoft's own Web search page, MSN Search, has finished a distant third place in the search-engine popularity wars (behind Google and Yahoo).
Paul said the cost of a park for Northern Virginia had been estimated at $400 million.
Carroll, who took over Jan. 27 when Jim O'Brien resigned, had lost his first five games.
In defending the executive payouts to California regulators, Bob Scarlett, vice president for state affairs at WellPoint, called the deal ''sort of an unmerger'' because there are ''not many synergies,'' according to a transcript of a June 14 hearing.
Health – What are the effects of nuclear meltdowns?
"Corporations are still moving plenty of money into the system," Mr. Lux, the Democratic consultant, said.
La Longo will be 46 on Oct. 31, which means that she was twice as old as many other competitors in the elite women's world championship road race on Saturday.
Mr. Tovar denied that paramilitaries had worked with companies to eliminate union organizers.
At some point, he wants to gather the material as a keepsake for his children, but he has no way to read the files he put on the Amstrad disks more than 20 years ago.
In the 1990's, two Indian tribes in New York each opened a casino: the Turning Stone Casino Resort, in Verona, run by the Oneidas, and the Akwesasne Mohawk Casino, in Hogansburg, near the St. Lawrence River.
Any self-respecting airport sells them.
It is lined with expensive medical machines that thrum softly while patients rest on large, reclining chairs at numbered stations around the perimeter.
The campaign to overthrow Mr. Eisner, it's clear, has little to do with financial logic, accounting principles or even corporate governance.
Microsoft, based in Redmond, Wash., has asked the court to delay the commission's sanctions until its appeals are completed, a process that would take at least two years.
He found the precise spot on the island of Bequia to which James Hamilton, Alexander's father, disappeared after abandoning his illegitimate son.
The Debatable Honor Roll: BUSHSPEAK PRIZE: "I sent up my budget man to the Congress."
Did Arnold Schoenberg's controversial atonal music help Wassily Kandinsky break through to what he called ''pure painting'' in works like ''Sketch for Composition V'' from 1911?
-------------------- A Lawyer for Hussein PARIS, March 27 (Reuters) -- The French lawyer known for defending the Nazi war criminal Klaus Barbie and the terrorist known as Carlos the Jackal said Saturday that Saddam Hussein's nephew had chosen him to represent Mr. Hussein, the deposed Iraqi president.
Small, gremlinlike dyed eggs with scary grins adorn the cover, which is a haunting sea of black.
Explaining his affinity for dealing with Iraq, Mr. Wyatt once compared his approach as an independent oil trader with that of the largest American oil companies like Exxon Mobil and ChevronTexaco.
Unable or unwilling to make a choice, many executives like Mr. Rakow belong to both groups, a situation, he said, that can stretch a person too thin.
Park East Synagogue mourns the passing of Borbala Frank Eichler in Toronto, Canada, beloved mother of our devoted members Gabriel & Susan Erem.
The more you throw, the stronger you get, the quicker you'll learn, and the longer you gonna pitch."
The game was an offensive explosion in the first half, and the Knicks followed form by showing a glaring defensive deficiency.
Four years later, Knopf finally published "Harp Song for a Radical: The Life and Times of Eugene Victor Debs."
will also help health officials learn how well the measures are working.
He almost made it look easy, and he admitted it felt that way.
More important, by not being tougher with Israel, America allows itself to be dragged into a conflict with the Arab world that we do not want or need.
Japanese children's choir with members ages 6 to 13.
's and radios, in its factories.
With little air whipped into it, Graeter's frozen manna weighs nearly a pound a pint.
She said, however, that the tribunal would wait for the new government to take office before it made any judgment about cooperation.
The merger of Bank One and J.P. Morgan Chase will substantially widen the gap between the nation's three largest banks and the rest of the industry, making it virtually impossible for the smaller banks to catch up, analysts and investment bankers said.
He's got the same rhythms as me."
"You can disagree with another religion, but it's not a reason to spit," he said.
"Guaranteed to be shorter than a Steven Spielberg movie!"
And they certainly did not intend to renovate the house only to find that once they wanted to sell they had missed the market peak.
In his petition, Mr. Romano charged that Ms. Griffith was not qualified to write restaurant reviews, that she made factual errors in her article and that she and another Dallas restaurateur, Janet Cobb, were in cahoots.
Mr. Schwarzenegger was up and out, doing what he does best -- being himself.
Ms. Coyle, who said she can hear distant gunshots from her backyard, said she feels the same way: ''To think that you could be killed with a bullet is unbelievable.''
Always, the path unwinds through lemony sun pools and pitch vine tunnels.
There, as in every public restroom, signs stressed the importance of washing your hands, a reminder of the stomach virus outbreaks that have plagued cruise ships.
Mr. Grossman then said that General Sharp ''perhaps did a better job than I did'' in answering the question.
Retired Chairman, Foreign Language Department, James Madison High School, Brooklyn, NY.
Which would you need to develop?
Even a short indoor sprint requires strength, and that is one reason he was doing the harness drills.
Were we surprised at the response?
Atheneum Books for Young Readers.
Artichoke Soup (Adapted from Ilo Restaurant) 7 tablespoons unsalted butter Sliced hearts from 5 large artichokes (leaves and choke discarded, stems peeled) 1 medium leek, white-and-light-green part, sliced and rinsed 6 garlic cloves, chopped 1/2 cup sliced yellow onion 3 shallots, sliced 8 ounces Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled and sliced 12 cups chicken or vegetable stock 1/2 bay leaf 2 sprigs thyme 4 sprigs parsley 1/4 teaspoon cracked black peppercorns 1/2 cup cream Salt to taste.
The financial markets focused not on the surge in the overall price index, but on the small 0.2 percent increase in the so-called core inflation rate, which excludes food and energy, often volatile in price swings.
But Dr. Neal Barnard, president of the Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine, called the measure unwise because obesity was gaining new recognition as a significant health problem.
And few children's books are flying off the shelves here.
FREEMAN--David F. The Board and staff of the Scherman Foundation are deeply saddened by the passing on July 4th of our dear friend and former executive director.
As Ms. Armstead and other activists in Baltimore have come to realize, this reign of ruin is as much an educational issue as a medical one.
Spaghetti-strapped wedding gowns are the least of a priest's worries these days, said Joyce Strileckis, owner of Joyce's Bridal and Formal Wear on East Main Street in Waterbury, where many Immaculate Conception brides purchase their gowns.
Even though he says that he likes Mahmoud, Mr. Metwally says that portraying this troubled man is not always easy.
The Federal Communications Commission does not keep track of places without phone service, but a survey released in October found that 93.8 percent of American households had telephones of some sort.
Race by race, the competition is getting closer, Michael Schumacher said.
State-run radio and television broadcast fiery speeches that United Nations officials warned were fanning anti-French fury.
Scholars were particularly intrigued by a statement on the smaller artifact.
The granite wall next to the main staircase, for example, looks as though it could be fabric.
In 1963, when few Russians would ever consider marrying a Korean, Mr. Kim, handsome with long wavy hair and a good dancer, married a Russian woman named Wera.
Andrew G. Keeler, who until June 2001 was on the president's Council of Economic Advisers and has since returned to teaching at the University of Georgia, said the Clinton administration had also played with economic calculations of the costs of curbing carbon dioxide emissions, in its case to show that limiting emissions would not be expensive.
The defense and the prosecution in the bank fraud and extortion trial of a Hudson County businessman agreed in their opening statements on Thursday that the case hinged largely on reams of complex paperwork and ''bloodless bookkeeping.''
The current controversy about where protestors can demonstrate during the Republican National Convention, which kicks off tomorrow, is just the latest manifestation of a conflict that has been dividing the city for more than a century.
''We were told, basically, 'Don't waste your time,' '' said Peter Kanelos, the Southern California coordinator for Wal-Mart's community affairs division.
"I love to see when good guys win also."
The California Lottery Commission has named five finalists in the latest review for its account, with a four-year contract and total billings estimated at $100 million.
We're hoping "to make the industry stand up and say, 'We've got to fix what's going on here,"' said Susan Weinstock, national coordinator, economic and utility issues, with AARP.
''He said he wanted to rival Van Dyck and Rubens; he was thinking about that scale of the Old Masters.''
THE Good Gray Times: it surely was that.
But ''On-Air'' certainly does proud the tradition of variety scream shows, and the proof's in the crowd.
He does a parasite check, biopsies the fins and the gills and looks at the specimens under a microscope on site.
Sister of Jean and much loved aunt of Beth, Ellen and Melanie.
The incident occurred near Taji, the town north of Baghdad where the 18 reservists refused to make a second trip with fuel that they say had been rejected as contaminated.
They all had one thing in common: they lost money.
A few years later, as her father's health began to fail, her younger brother Gerry was put in charge of the shop, but when Don Pasquale died in 1956, Annie figured she would inherit the shop because she was his favorite.
On the bus I couldn't resist telling my wife that even in New York, you can't make this stuff up.
Funeral will be held on Thursday, October 28, 11AM, at the Sunset Chapels at 1285 Northern Blvd, Manhasset, N.Y.
''But I would not underestimate how far litigation might go.''
On the other hand, the Sikhs could contend that there is nothing intrinsically religious about the turban and recommend that French school principals continue to turn a blind eye to the practice, as some do when Muslim girls turn up in veils.
And -- and you can't have anything but respect for the fact that they're willing to talk about the fact that they have a gay daughter, the fact that they embrace her.
His death was described by Police Commissioner Raymond W. Kelly and Officer Rivera's fiancée and fellow officer, Rebecca Rodriguez, as a shock that has reverberated throughout the precinct and the department.
What would the critics say?
In Briarcliff Manor, Mr. Trump has already attained his goals.
Ms. Hartocollis suggests this is a recent trend.
The Xplory was five years in development, as Stokke USA's Norwegian parent, the Stokke Group, obsessed over details like the tires.
''Great American art needs the idea of uninterrupted spaces like a loft, which itself is something very American,'' he said.
Indeed, the archdiocese has been engaged in a broad examination of where to put its resources amid a shifting Catholic population.
The mayor of Port Chester, Gerald L. Logan, said he gathered that Mr. Skrzypczak pursued the case to protect his privacy.
"We are doing everything we can to move this right along," he said.
But now that the Saddam restorationists and Islamic fundamentalists have made their terrorist move on both fronts, we can counterattack decisively.
Mr. Adams is a happy conductor, and his enthusiasm and bounce helped bring out the meaning in Ives's ''Country Band March'' or ''Over the Pavements,'' a kind of futuristic cityscape colored by onomatopoeic sounds like honking horns.
Valero Energy, the No.3 American oil refiner, increased $2.45 to $60.25.
''We kept a balance between documentary and fiction.''
The Giants finished the season minus-16 in turnover ratio, tied for worst in the N.F.L.
It's the spirit, too, of the actual production.
The success of these portraits owes much to Mr. St. John's ear for dialogue -- a gift well suited to Alabama, where the citizens he encounters speak in a Southern fried slang that somehow never grows tiresome.
The home plate umpire, Brian O'Nora, became ill in the third inning and was taken to New York University Medical Center.
Producers of older shows -- like ''Beauty and the Beast,'' which has played on Broadway for more than 10 years -- also see the summertime as a prime opportunity to introduce their shows to younger theatergoers, who might not have been aware of the word ''drama'' when the production opened.
It was a heady moment.
Ms. Abrams is cooperating with the investigators, as are the A.I.G.
Gary Stroick, vice president of the United States Amateur Ballroom Dancers Association DanceSport division, said that an increase in gay participation might discourage heterosexual men from participating.
On Monday, in exchanges that at times turned sarcastic and testy, the defense lawyers Joseph A. Hayden and Michael T. Kelly seemed eager to embarrass Mr. Lember, Mr. Nelson and the prosecution's other weapons expert, Detective Sergeant James Ryan of the New Jersey State Police.
The report may satisfy, at least partly, critics who have complained that only those of relatively low rank have been blamed for what happened in Iraq.
''Typical of Palmer's style, this wine accentuates the fruit and delicate quality of this cool-climate grape,'' Mr. Drozd said in an e-mail message.
In almost all trials, Player A gave away his money, trusting Player B to share.
Next year, developers are to break ground on $340 million worth of development, including 560 housing units.
For a long time, scientists believed, the bears did not get much farther than what is known as east Beringia, present-day Alaska and the Yukon.
Ms. Jameson was born in Las Vegas.
''I felt better than I thought I would in my first N.H.L.
Place them in order, starting with the celebrity least likely to sway anyone's vote.
Only Ohio and Pennsylvania are seriously being pursued.
One of the ways that USA Today, which did not have a permanent reporter abroad until the mid-1990's, had sought to compete with the foreign staffs of The Times and The Los Angeles Times was by sending Mr. Kelley to world hot spots, including Cuba, Russia, Haiti and the Middle East.
''It should be an inspiration for other small radio stations to do the same.''
PENNSYLVANIA 4 Christians Assess Positions, Delicately By Jennifer 8.
You may not bill the university for more hours than you actually work.
Dillon scampered up the middle for a 15-yard touchdown run to open the scoring five minutes into the game, capping a drive during which Brady lofted a 44-yard pass to wide receiver David Givens on first-and-35 from New England's 24.
Most visitors tend to linger in the nonresidential stretches of Times Square and elsewhere in Midtown.
We have bills that come every month.
They'll come back for more.
The scientists at Plum Island need to recognize that their laboratory needs an overhaul, and our elected leaders need to force real change there, before we all have to pay the price.
Viktor & Rolf were far from the only designers who managed to spook spectators.
On May 30, The Times published a review by Andrew Sullivan of Tony Hendra's book on the front page of the Book Review section.
Asked if he planned to apologize, he pointed out that the report never used that word.
I've told him there is room for good people in politics.''
Dr. Jonathan Halevy, Director -General Paul S. Glasser, Nat'l Dir.
You no longer need to live with the usual blue and white awning stripes and plain-Jane planks or bricks on a patio.
Nearly 18 months have passed since the cottonwoods, genetically altered by insertion of a bacterial gene known as merA, were planted at the site on Barnum Court, a mixed-use side street in Danbury.
''You're still going to have your dead zones.
She had been pregnant, but she had a miscarriage.
It is opening its season with a chestnut, Puccini's "Madama Butterfly," a Francesca Zambello production with Patricia Racette in the title role.
The menu at Mix in New York, where DAMON GORDON is now in charge, has been simplified.
Not long before, the officers there had been jumping out windows to avoid working with the Americans, but in the intervening months, Nagl had begun to build trust, and relations had improved.
But the Israeli campaign is also running into more -- and expected -- international criticism, from Egypt and Russia.
That year, Ford green lighted the production model.
Ms. Pinkins, who has never been better, gives an intense, controlled and commanding performance.
Month-to-month changes in payroll employment are notoriously volatile and defy consensus forecasts on Wall Street more often than not.
"This gentleman had this huge, large lump on the right side of his neck," began one of many stories told by Margaret Aiello, a small, crinkly-lipped woman who sat hunched in the church's store, where she has volunteered for 27 years.
The fate of the federal fee -- along with other state and local taxes levied on Internet access -- is being debated on Capitol Hill and is the subject of litigation.
J. Paul Vance, a State Police spokesman.
Ms. Kazemi, a 54-year-old freelancer, died in July 2003 from a brain hemorrhage, the result of a blow to her skull inflicted while she was being interrogated.
he cried, visibly shaken when a friendly retriever bounded over the dune to sniff his campsite.
''I reject the premise that the Shiites want to have a Shiite leader.
It's fair to say that consistency has not been his strong point."
The cost of maintaining it will shift on Thursday to the federal government, which spent $42 million last year to keep up the other presidential libraries.
The artists have historically paid for all their public art projects, which over the years included wrapping the Reichstag in Berlin with more than a million square feet of aluminum-colored fabric and swathing the Pont Neuf in Paris with champagne-colored textile, through the sale of their artworks.
The DNA unit was shut down soon afterward, and it remains closed.
The bride is a stepdaughter of Karen A. de St. Paer.
This picture, along with about a hundred more of Ms. Fox, were scattered throughout the funeral parlor, showing her blue eyes and numerous hairstyles, from flowing blond to crew-cut black.
"We just have to get to the big picture and confront the challenges I have mentioned if B.P.L.
Mr. Rosero, whose parents were born in Ecuador, contends that the opposite is true.
She would do little more, before happily waving us out the door each autumn, than make sure we all had our hair cut.
He helped turn the lilting guitar rumbas of soukous into the even more upbeat style called kwassa kwassa, crooning over a skein of luminous guitars.
Marist led, 18-11, with 13 minutes 41 seconds left in the first half.
We face a choice -- between pancakes with syrup, and pancakes without syrup.
The explosion occurred Wednesday night in Henan Province, southwest of Beijing, according to China's official news agency, Xinhua.
In closing the center, Pentagon officials said, they are only looking out for the children's safety, especially after the terrorist attacks in Madrid and new warnings of attacks by Al Qaeda in the United States, timed perhaps to coincide with the political conventions in Boston and New York.
It is definitely interesting getting shot at for the first time.
When it was completed in 1928, nothing of its size or style existed in Europe.
Government Involvement If players and owners cannot come together now, the federal government may try to force them.
But he was one of the few Balanchine disciples whose solidity of craft could also cross into imagination.
Even so, the Justice memorandum said the 1942 ruling had "set a clear constitutional analysis" under which due process rights do not apply to military commissions.
The quartet, which explores the various paths human beings take to reach happiness, incorporates ballet, modern-dance, butoh, juggling and the natural movement of insects and animals.
If you focus on that, I don't see what the problem will be.''
The title of Dan Melchior's current album, ''Bitterness, Spite, Rage and Scorn'' (In the Red Records), doesn't quite sum up his songs, which also have the exuberance of garage-rock and a streak of art-rock drone.
The anti-war sentiment largely accounted for Dr. Dean's quick rise and solid base of support here; it has also proved to be a continuing hurdle for Mr. Gephardt, one of the authors of the war resolution, and Mr. Kerry, who voted for it.
When a company is looking for new executives, the aroma of scandal is, of course, a dismal recruiting tool.
Just days afterward, Ms. Leopold vowed to return to New York to teach, because that had been her dream.
"That would not be using good judgment.
Authorities said he died in a prison fight and was scalded when a teapot was thrown at him.
(So far, the Tulsa suit does not answer the objection that, politically, reparations are a pipe dream.)
tells him that number was wrong.
Then there was the never-ending upkeep on the 1860's mansion and the constant whirl of Lestat fanatics who gathered outside her yard day and night, trying to spot the giant oak where Lasher and Emaleth are buried.
"But in the end, when it was a game of chicken between some of these powerful chairs and the conservatives on one side, and the president and the speaker on the other side, the president basically decided to blink."
The bill would also direct the Department of Health and Human Services to monitor the purchasing companies and to certify whether they are in compliance with the rules.
Four-person occupancy from $31,150 to $48,750.
I didn't, but then I no longer have a 6-year-old's total recall.
Within two miles of the plaza there are 667,963 people with an average household income of $44,183, according to the Robert K. Futterman & Associates retail brokerage firm, which represents the Restoration Plaza Corporation.
They said that Mr. Meyer's company, Trade Fin Engineering, was suspected of manufacturing components for Libya's clandestine nuclear weapons program in 2000 and 2001.
''I heard gunfire, followed by an explosion,'' Abdul Rahim Kakar, the mayor, told the state-run news media.
Daytime soap operas are addictive because ordinary people speak with the kind of passionate directness rarely found in the real world.
He's like a drug addict.
Rob Taylor, who lives two houses away from the scene of the shooting, described Michael as an easygoing teenager.
As part of widespread thinking about how to program prime time, many broadcast networks, including ABC, are already gearing up several dramas to fit into that limited series pattern.
Years later, international officials changed Hines's time to 9.95 and recognized it as the first automatically timed world record for the 100.
From the day he arrived in New Jersey three years ago, Kidd has been the highperformance engine, but he sputtered late this season, slowed by injury, and was reduced last night to a tired crawl.
His last book, "The Anatomy of Hope" (Random House, 2003), was on the New York Times best-seller list for three weeks.
THE SNOW FOX By Susan Fromberg Schaeffer.
Senior European intelligence and security officials have expressed increasing concern in recent months that terrorists would take aim at the still relatively open rail networks of a region that depends heavily on passenger rail transportation.
Mr. Maiuro received some laughs and thumbs-ups from fans.
The disinformation campaign of the tort reform zealots, and their sustained attacks on the rights of patients who have been harmed by doctors, have been disgraceful.
Ms. Maquilon said she and her staff screen couples to make sure their unions aren't simply marriages of convenience.
Wildcat strikes are illegal and extremely rare in Germany, and politicians are scrambling to defuse the confrontation.
''Turner, Whistler, Monet: Impressionist Visions,'' at the Art Gallery of Ontario, 317 Dundas Street West, (416) 979-6648, www.ago.net, until Sept. 12, has it all: glorious paintings, distinct personalities and the absorbing story of their conversations in words and paint.
The Oracle Corporation considered buying Lawson Software Inc. and J.D.
As The Times reported, John F. Kennedy called Coretta King, expressing his concern.
From "A Christmas Memory" Four Shotgun Blasts Until one morning in mid-November of 1959, few Americans -- in fact, few Kansans -- had ever heard of Holcomb.
Even for older women, one's life is complicated.
He named a new top producer, Lance Barrow (who produces CBS's golf coverage and is attuned to working with Nantz), and a new director, Mike Arnold.
The interview was recorded, and the tape was played during the trial.
Mr. McCurrie, who lived with Errol in a second-floor apartment, said the boys were playing when the accident took place.
Besides its previous management's buying binge, Ahold is still contending with the aftermath of a $1.2 billion accounting scandal, much of it centered at its U.S. Foodservice subsidiary in Columbia, Md.
''That's what I love about him -- his modesty.''
The posters provided no description of the killer or killers.
The governor said Thursday that if he could not delay same-sex marriages, the state would be prepared to follow the court's ruling.
Call them, e-mail them, or get together if you have the time.''
The health aides are threatening more strikes this summer even though it is painful for workers who earn so little to go on strike.
Ms. Wohlgemuth is one of about a half-dozen conservatives the club is supporting.
Curt Schilling was 12-0 this season against teams that finished with winning records.
Floyd is making plays, making mistakes and making statements.
Who knows better than you -- after marriage there is no sex.''
Although her career spanned nearly the entire 20th century, Perriand's contributions have been ignored in most design histories -- until now.
At their commander's order, about 100 of the youngest fighters dropped their rifles in the dirt, stripped off their camouflage uniforms and ran around in the hot sun like children.
"It is so in your face.
Mr. Kunken moves from one to the other, talking at least as much about his work and his affairs (here he fondles a rose) as about the rise of the Nazis and the Iron Guard.
Three Vietnamese fishermen were missing and feared dead after an attack by pirates off Vietnam's southern coastal province of Kien Giang, the maritime police said.
Standard English, and the basic rules of grammar and syntax that govern it, have to be taught.
They said that the kits could be removed, allowing the Army to convert the Humvees back into lighter vehicles when they were no longer needed in life-threatening situations like the attacks soldiers are facing in Iraq.
Ms. Song's mother, who cared for her and traveled with her, fell ill with pneumonia symptoms this month and died Monday.
Ms. Matos has two daughters who were home Saturday night: Yahmliz Matos, 3, and an infant, Kimberly, born two months ago, according to the criminal complaint.
For people addicted to nicotine, using the replacement products properly can be difficult.
And they keep saying the elections on schedule, this is going to happen.
Still, residents report a greater level of interest than in any recent race.
He said he might be forced to seek technical help from other companies that have experience with the G.E.
Only in this lopsided rivalry would Ruben Sierra, who smacked a single, Miguel Cairo, who doubled in the tying run, and John Flaherty, who singled in the winner, jump up and erase what Ramirez had done.
Bulls General Manager John Paxson said it pained him to fire Cartwright, a friend and former teammate.
He falls in love with Laurel, ''a bitchy dame, cruel as her eyes and her taloned nails.
Correction officials said at the time of his sentencing last June that Mr. Velella's earliest release date, assuming credit for good behavior, would be in February 2005.
In the 1980's, Mr. Castrucci, now 46, was living in a storefront on Fourth Street between Avenues A and B. Madonna was said to have lived upstairs, though no one could remember seeing her.
He still has a large supply, he said, adding, "I'll just use them until I use them up."
''With Karita, there has been a wonderful sense of trust from the beginning.''
The software plumbing of computing, Mr. Brown explains, is evolving, and so is Internet-based software for individual workers.
Dr. Liu, 30, will keep her name.
What could be a higher priority than finding out exactly how the terrorist attacks happened?
Generally speaking, no one drips more slowly than biographers.
Another $938 million in the plan was in funds managed by, you guessed it, Putnam Investments.
Mr. Goings had recently been ousted from First Harlem in a power struggle with partners.
Residents of La Saline, a seaside slum next to the port, helped themselves to all manner of goods -- boxes of Brazilian pastries, calculators, packages of sanitary napkins, even second-hand mattresses.
Jefferson put Kurt Thomas on a poster with a monstrous windmill slam, Harris sauntered through the heart of the Knicks' defense for an uncontested finger roll and, on one possession, Jason Collins grabbed three offensive rebounds in a row over Nazr Mohammed.
In this movie, however, Gene is far too reticent to put across the novel's neuroses and poetry.
Martin Picard, the owner of the popular bistro Au Pied de Cochon, known by local critics as the enfant terrible of the Montreal food scene, has begun adding foie gras to the dish.
The framework also encourages the development of a code of ethics for the press -- one that emphasizes the need for journalistic standards and the importance of self-regulation.
Yukos says it does not have the money to pay the $3.4 billion.
He has obviously learned the ropes and gone beyond to communicate intensely, as did the vibrant dancers, with his audience.
Children's menus in American restaurants seem to be made up of fried foods, hamburgers, chicken fingers and macaroni and cheese (which my 5-year-old insists is not pasta).
From 1960 to 1971 he lived abroad in Paris, and in Boston and Lee, MA.
INVENTING A NATION: Washington, Adams, Jefferson, by Gore Vidal.
This quality, combined with the jaundiced palate, gives the image a manic intensity.
Illinois Tool is based in Glenview, Ill.
Today's reality isn't so scary.
And nearly a dozen inmates told investigators that another inmate, Nelson Gutierrez, was the real killer.
A second Flemish composer, Gombert, was represented by the Kyrie and Gloria from his Missa Sur Tous Regretz, a work composed around 1530 in what was already an immensely more sumptuous language than Ockeghem's.
In contrast, the Concerto in A minor for Cello and Strings by Emanuel Bach, which came next, is overtly dramatic, less musically dense.
'' For Seton Hall, whose history includes one odds-defying trip to the national championship game in 1989, the victory is not a drastic departure.
Correction Appended Frank P. Quattrone, the Wall Street banker whose pay and deals made him a vivid symbol of the 1990's technology boom, was sentenced to 18 months in prison yesterday for obstructing a government investigation into the allocation of hot stock offerings.
But the glitter began to dim along with the economy and the government's attitude toward illegal immigrants.
Lane also struggled down the stretch.
A group called the Answer Coalition has chartered buses from the Washington area, upstate New York and Kalamazoo, Mich., but without a bus-size group, many people are on their own.
"The second thing that it's going to stress is that people can help."
By incorporating the details from their travels into their homes, he said, they evoke a sense of the carefree in their personal environments.
''Regrettably, many of his programs -- his denial of support for programs -- had a harsh effect.
On the night of the crash, government soldiers and irregulars in Kigali went door to door with lists, murdering the inhabitants, just as foretold.
(Ages 10 and up) 7 1 CHILDREN OF THE LAMP, by P. B. Kerr.
''Is that the criminal course you want to stay?
The board now runs on an appropriation of $200,000 a year from the counties, a negligible amount given the island's size and the breadth of the issues ahead.
Some of General Clark's supporters said he was likely -- but not certain -- to end his bid for the presidency should he lose Virginia and Tennessee, two states where he has invested a huge amount of time, prestige and money.
But when Mr. Bush jabbed at the senator with a reminder about his infamous comment on voting for a war appropriation before he voted against it, Mr. Kerry had finally found an effective answer.
''The facts are probably not going to be aired at the first trial,'' said Michael F. Noone Jr., a law professor at Catholic University and an expert in military justice.
He loves that too, especially the piece with music by Radiohead, another of his favorite bands.
''The advantage of the south steps is that it's not directly in front of people's homes -- unlike other parks,'' said the city's parks commissioner, Adrian Benepe.
When I turned around he was right there, smacking me and undoing my hair.''
After the work was previewed at a private reception on Sept. 28, officials at JetBlue asked that "VB54" be removed from the show.
Though Hamm said the scoring debate had ruined his Olympics, he said he had tried to have fun since bringing home the gold, appearing on television shows, touring nationally and taking part in a parade in his hometown, Waukesha, Wis. "I'm just relieved that the hearing is over," Hamm said.
I fell, so I was in the hospital quite a few times eight years ago.
The bride, 29, is an associate in the litigation department of Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver & Jacobson, the New York law firm.
But with the exception of Mr. Setlock, a last-minute replacement who is still finding his feet, each performer is pretty close to perfect.
O'Neal had only 26 shots in the consecutive losses to San Antonio and Portland, and the Lakers' role players tried unsuccessfully to fit in around Bryant's adventurous forays to the basket.
''She explained to us how we really feel about fashion,'' Tom Ford, the creative director of Gucci, said yesterday from Los Angeles.
In Anka Lupes's set design, interconnected translucent white panels turn backstage figures into looming shadows and double as casement windows through which they can vault into Clara's dreams.
After that, Oracle is to return to court to seek dismissal or settlement of any remaining legal issues.
Services Sunday May 23rd, 11:45AM at ''The Riverside'', 76th Street and Amsterdam Avenue.
By contrast, the revolving glass doors of Goodwin and Stone's Modern would allow the common man to charge directly into the building.
The Americans fight back with varied success.
Co-op sales registered 1,229 closings during the third quarter, a 47 percent increase over the same period in 2003.
Mr. Stadther has sunk $2 million into the project so far and doesn't expect to make any money from it.
Ms. Chamberlain, a librarian by profession, is a history detective by avocation.
''We've stopped looking at it as a uniform, but as providing athletes with athletic fashion,'' she said.
If he refuses to put on 'Carmen,' he's failing in his public mission."
China is soaking up more of the world's manufactured products and raw materials than ever before, members of the task force said.
"No, I think the trust factor may be a real big key.
Vendors are usually happy to let them go for $7, but negotiations rarely end there.
In a statement, the American military said the operation had also included Iraqi commandos and national guardsmen, although none were evident during operations west of the Euphrates River, which runs through the area of the raids, northern Babil Province.
CD-212 has been the Met's house piano since 1996.
Seventy miles up the coast, at the Seaview Marriott Resort & Spa in Galloway Township, N.J., Rob Bartley, the director of golf operations, reported similar results.
Compiled with the assistance of CAROL COBURN Ticket Services CITYTIX -- (212) 581-1212, (877) 581-1212 www.nycitycenter.org SMARTTIX -- (212) 868-4444 www.smarttix.com TELECHARGE -- (212) 239-6200, (800) 432-7250 www.telecharge.com TICKET CENTRAL -- (212) 279-4200 www.ticketcentral.org TICKETMASTER -- (212) 307-4100, (800) 755-4000 www.ticketmaster.com
The reports have some investors contemplating whether the Federal Reserve will increase interest rates and some economists considering whether to raise their projections of growth for the second quarter.
His Baron Partners fund is Morningstar's top-ranked fund for the year investing in midsize growth companies, while Baron Asset and Baron iOpportunity funds rank fifth and sixth, respectively.
Residents in the nearby Gush Katif settlement had planned to take part in a children's march on Monday to celebrate their victory in Sunday's vote, but the mood was somber after the killing of the pregnant woman, Tali Hatuel, 34, and her four daughters.
(Ages 8 and up) 9 8 6 THE MAN WHO WALKED BETWEEN THE TOWERS, written and illustrated by Mordicai Gerstein.
In April, HP announced that it had successfully printed a fully functional transistor.
"Now that I think about it," he said, "I don't know of any architecturally distinguished bus terminals."
Officials at Harvard, the University of North Carolina and the University of Virginia all recently announced similar, even more generous policies.
GREG PIPER Seattle, June 28, 2004 Perhaps your distinction between an ''outrageous'' distortion and a ''distortion'' works for you.
''I'm not complaining,'' Verplank said.
American military units posted along the border to screen against such an influx have reported that they have seen few signs of foreign fighters trying to cross the border.
Dallas 96, plans to wear jerseys similar to the horizontal hoops made famous by Glasgow Celtic of Scotland.
Jesse, who ranks third in his class, plans to study English.
''I am a bit embarrassed for everyone who was there to witness that.''
Mr. Schrader had another take.
McClure was a spellbinding figure and his magazine was fast becoming the progressive movement's house organ.
Similarly, he says, his personal fortune has helped him avoid some of the ethical questions that tend to afflict New Jersey elected officials who actually have to raise money for themselves.
Network officials, who note that past entrance polls have largely been in line with the actual voting results, maintain that the party's fears are overblown.
Prevnar was first marketed in 2000.
After an interlude in which he is interviewed in his office by a high school student, Justice Garson, having apparently summoned Mr. Siminovsky back to his office, gives him back the money and asks him to write a check to his wife's judicial campaign instead.
White, professor of economics at New York University's Stern School of Business, said Hewlett-Packard's acquisition of Compaq was a prime example of why shareholders should be suspicious of mergers.
1 2 Next Page »
Francis Pharcellus Church (1859): Author of the editorial "Yes, Virginia, There Is a Santa Claus" (1897), which reassured 8-year-old Virginia O'Hanlon.
Coming performances include the singer Karrin Allyson (May 18 to 23) and the John Pizzarelli Quintet (June 1 to 6.)
Troy Jr., a flamboyant former city councilman and Queens Democratic leader whose rising political star collapsed in the 1970's after he was convicted of tax evasion and stealing money from law clients, died on Friday at New York Hospital Medical Center of Queens.
He puffs on his pipe, talks fast.
That number represents ''less than 1 percent of the millions of phones retired and discarded each year and has had a negligible effect on the waste stream,'' the report said.
I understand there's great differences on this issue of abortion.
RIDING the D train to Sheepshead Bay in the 1970's, I knew I would never be Miss America.
In their first meeting of the season, a 5-0 Devils victory on Nov. 15, the Rangers offered only token opposition from the start.
Mr. Moser said the restoration would be routine.
Richard B. Woodward is an arts critic in New York.
The government responded by unleashing militias, known as Janjaweed, on the rebels.
''Hell'' took two years to make, starting in 1998.
Ways to lose weight and achieve a healthy body.
You never know what you're going to get: a burial or cremation permit and no certificate; a certified death certificate; or, the worst case, ''bounced'' all the way back to the beginning.
The dance is a hybrid of the Lindy and, yes, Dirty Dancing.
Those taking vitamin E got no benefit.
"It's the price of playing the game, I guess," he said.
For them, the Hispanic communities springing up around food-processing facilities across the country present an opportunity to expand their business interests -- in particular, dealing methamphetamine -- and to attract new members.
''The alliance has agreed, the donor countries have been identified and yet we find ourselves mired in the administrative details of who's going to pay for it, who's going to transport it, how's it going to be maintained,'' he said.
"It's nice to see syrah treated well," Mr. Goodhart said.
Their fathers would answer: "That's Mr. Met, my child, crying for us all.
But the unfurling of spring is, in its frank gaudiness, particularly to be savored.
Several state lawmakers want the Legislature to review the budget of the governor's mansion after a report in The Courier-Journal of Louisville said it employed 13 full-time workers, including 7 housekeepers and 3 chefs, and spent more than $800,000 for operations in the fiscal year that ended in May.
In the event that U.N. sanctions don't stop this threat, what will you do as president?
The real luxury: Children are not admitted.
," Sept. 5, about the high cost of living in New Jersey inspires comment.
Instead of coming to the aid of the injured girl, Mr. Chappelle's character, frantic and presumably high, hopped on the victim's rickety four-wheeler and took off.
On it, the man prays to the Virgin as his three children kneel next to a large bed where the two women are shown facing each other.
The larger of the two contracts concerns the management of Smith House, a city-owned nursing home.
The question of how well the nation's 104 commercial nuclear power plants are prepared to repel terrorists has become murkier in the last few months, since the Nuclear Regulatory Commission removed almost all data on the subject from its Web site.
I don't drink and we had no desire to take advantage of them, but we were left with enough liquor to open a tavern.
It's just a question of what you pay for growthrates,'' said Janco Partners senior analyst Martin Pyykkonen,who on Tuesday downgraded eBay to ``market perform'' from``accumulate'' on valuation concerns.
Any potential adversary should know that we will defend ourselves against the possibility of an attack by unconventional arms.
A few days earlier, before calling Spitz's victory in the 100-meter butterfly, his fourth gold medal of the Summer Games, Jackson confessed: ''There's a time when you're wrong and you don't like it, and there are other times when you're wrong and you're happy about it.
With bitter memories of a long strike still fresh, the supermarket industry faces a new showdown between labor unions determined to hang on to health insurance benefits and management that is girding to meet increased competition from low-cost rivals like Wal-Mart Stores.
Mardy Fish and Taylor Dent have a slight edge because of their performance at the end of last season, McEnroe said.
$900,000 to $1.2 million Richmondtown $930,000 135 W. Cedarview Ave., Staten Island Number of bedrooms: 5 Number of full bathrooms: 3 Number of half bathrooms: 1 Time on the market: 2 weeks 34-year-old wood-frame house; kitchen with granite countertops, fireplace, h/w floors, in-ground pool, 1-car garage, 84-by-100-ft. lot; taxes $3,800; listed at $959,000.
But the officer, Col. Jack Farr, a reservist in Army intelligence, was not arrested or detained like Captain Yee.
Correction Appended President Bush directly confronted his problems with black voters on Friday, challenging them to rethink their long allegiance to the Democratic Party and urging African-Americans to take another look at his record on the economy, education, social welfare programs and foreign policy.
RUTTENBERG--Derald H. 88, was born in Lafayette, IN, on February 17, 1916, and died on September 19, 2004, in New York City.
Here's Bill Clinton, he's written a book about himself, and how interesting.
Two lawyers, Alan Blumen and George Vishnevetsky, are among those charged.
Other photos in the kit include one of boys and girls dancing in the street, a field hockey player trying to score a goal, a winning runner comforting another on the track and a preschooler with a hula hoop.
What is the gay sensibility of Copland's 1939 "Quiet City" or the vibrant 1943 Violin Sonata?
New York, March 9, 2004 The writer is a clinical associate professor of medicine, New York University Medical School.
It's one thing to decline to serve.
Bethancourt said that a metal rod connected to an electrical cable had fallen into the pool.
Nearly every shot is a sly visual joke played on a collection of solitary, all but silent characters, some who may indeed be ghosts and all who, compared with the robust, costumed fighters on screen, seem like melancholy modern phantoms.
He looked toward some of his teammates, sprinting through the outfield after a 6-5 victory against Merle's Record Rack.
Will Smith, for example, mostly plays the likable everyman he portrayed in his raps as the Fresh Prince, and it's hardly a stretch for Eminem to play a blue-collar rapper from Detroit.
"I plan to make sure her interests are exceptionally well represented."
I was very good company, as I recall.
With turquoise vinyl booths and a Greek-influenced menu of sandwiches, blue-plate specials and pizzas, the restaurant is a popular hangout in the reawakened South Main Art District.
Torii Hunter, the center fielder nicknamed Spider-Man for climbing walls with ease, soared to the top of the fence and snatched it.
In Chinatown, on Mulberry Street, between Bayard and Worth Streets, a kind of death row has sprung up; one narrow block is home to no less than three funeral homes, two flower shops, a monument maker, a coffin company and, most recently, a store that sells the incense and paper items burned in traditional Chinese funerals.
Explain to the class that today they will be preparing a presentation and proposal for their school’s administrators to suggest the construction of a weather monitoring station located at your school.
EBay's market in the United States was its biggest but also its slowest-growing business, posting revenue of $291.6 million, up 38 percent.
By the final chapters, the men in Trish's life have begun reeling off increasingly outrageous theories about her: she's ''my little Martian,'' she's ''Superman as a child, nearly deranged by powers he can neither explain nor deny.''
The spat came as a surprise.
Behind them, lobster boats bobbed gently in the harbor, with green-cloaked Manana as backdrop.
Representative Henry J. Hyde, Republican of Illinois, chairman of the International Relations Committee that is also investigating the seven-year oil-for-food program, said in a statement that the Iraq Survey Group's report showed the "full breadth of Saddam Hussein's corruption and manipulation of the U.N. Oil for Food program."
Some 140 Iranian and Iraqi Shiite pilgrims died in suicide bombings in Baghdad and Karbala this week, and 43 Pakistani Shiites were killed in Quetta, Pakistan.
He commands Sandy to drive ever farther into the desert, turning an uncomprehending ear to her protests.
Mr. Ho asked in response.
The star is ''Diva'' (1999), a very large painting that touches on the life of Marian Anderson, the African-American singer of opera and spirituals.
A spokesman noted that Mr. Keyser is currently assigned to the Foreign Service Institute, a department training branch.
He had even confessed to an amusing crack smoker who was wired.
Overall, however, investment in factories, urban infrastructure and other fixed assets grew by 27.9 percent for the third quarter year on year.
On view are hundreds of items -- from seltzer bottles to furniture and fabricated gravestones -- products of private loans and acquisitions.
'' Thune strung Allen along while he worked as a lobbyist (his tax returns show he earned $452,000 in 2003 -- not bad for a kid from Murdo) and played soccer dad.
The screenwriter and author Ron Nyswaner drew 95 people for a book signing last month, and opera students from Italy recently performed "La Bohème" here.
A local promoter of erotic events called One Leg Up was organizing a party in a TriBeCa loft on the theme of the film ''Moulin Rouge,'' her suitor wrote, and he wanted to know if Anna would be interested in going ''with me and my hot tattooed girlfriend.''
Mr. Crafton said he had bypassed grief and gone right to acceptance.
''But if Dimas pulls out at the last minute, definitely, I would feel like something fishy is happening.''
New York: Alfred A. Knopf.
Studies by European and Turkish organizations have predicted that Turkey, with its relatively high birth rate and low income levels, could end up as the most populous country in the union and could claim as much as $55 billion in European Union subsidies.
Dr. Farooq, who is quiet, was described by his family as a recluse who read poetry, drove a Korean-built sedan and lived in a simple four-bedroom house with his wife and five children.
And the New York State Insurance Department issued citations yesterday against Universal Life for violations of state insurance law.
''In a small area, that is a substantial increase,'' he added.
But to others, such aid projects are beside the point.
Legislators have given the Justice Ministry until the end of March to draw up regulations to enforce the new law.
A U.S. Bancorp spokesman, Steven Dale, said that the company's audit committee had determined that its auditor's independence was not compromised by the amount of tax work it had done.
For instance, a large majority can end up on the wrong side of class warfare, as Warren E. Buffett recently warned.
"They are waiting for an event that is never going to happen -- for the real estate market to crater."
And both emphasize the tension that often exists between the autonomy that the government asserts is necessary in order to pursue effectively a particular goal and the process that a citizen contends he is due before he is deprived of a constitutional right.
He is chairman of the Armed Services Committee, not the Intelligence Committee.
Among them was ''Sandow, the world's strongest flea,'' bought from a ship's steward for $3; Reuben, who would pull a tiny steam roller; and Prince Henry, who would lie on his back and ''juggle'' a ball.
Currently, 92 million individual investors have money in mutual funds.
Few things, he said, had the aura of a subway car.
Suddenly, the library was going to cost another $200,000, money the town didn't have.
He remembers how the two of them would stay up late into the night talking about subjects as esoteric as solipsism and Einstein's theory of relativity.
In a statement, Steinbrenner praised Torre for his mental toughness and his compassion for players and fans.
It is that very familiarity that breeds a level of contempt.
$600,000 to $899,999 Bayside $760,000 207-55 27th Avenue, Queens Number of bedrooms: 5 Number of full bathrooms: 3 Number of half bathrooms: 0 Time on the market: 1 week 44-year-old wood-frame high ranch; dining room, den, h/w floors, wet bar in finished basement, 1-car garage, 40-by-109-ft. lot; taxes $4,053; listed at $728,888 (multiple bids).
The article said Mr. Chesbrough's salary had risen 70 percent since 1995, according to Internal Revenue Service files, to more than $300,000 annually.
They go out there and do it.
''He starts wooing the jury the minute he walks in the courtroom.''
The show is followed by a reception.
B3 Bush Visit Buoys Pataki Governor Pataki, who has been battling for two years to get the Legislature to pass a set of laws that he says will help combat terrorism, sought to bolster his case during a visit by President Bush to Buffalo.
In interviews this week, retired Pakistani civilian and military officials, former American diplomats and proliferation experts said the country's military-led government appeared to be glossing over evidence that senior military officials might have approved the sales.
"It was cool, because he was only a few feet away, and then in the middle of the set he grabbed an acoustic guitar and walked into the audience and began singing," Mr. Chauvin said.
At that time, Dan Rather of ''CBS Evening News,'' Mr. Brokaw and Mr. Jennings of ''World News Tonight'' on ABC assumed their current positions in relatively quick succession.
He said his staff and Ms. Collins's staff were discussing a witness list that would quite likely include the chairman of the Sept. 11 panel, Thomas H. Kean, and its deputy chairman, Lee H. Hamilton, as well as past and current heads of the Central Intelligence Agency, the F.B.I.
There, however, was a serious error in his statement regarding party enrollment in Southeast.
Mr. Annan's worry over sending international staff back led him to insist that the Security Council resolution on Iraq include the words ''as circumstances permit'' in the section referring to when the United Nations would be returning in large numbers.
He doesn't have to watch his back in his home base."
Now the flagship AOL service will be promoted as "all-band," working for both dial-up and high-speed customers, with an emphasis on children's programming and on protecting users from spam, viruses and other threats.
That would mean four female adults, two small children, and a lot of tension in a two-bedroom apartment in a housing project.
The association already has a sponsorship agreement with Time magazine to put together promotional packages with corporate sponsors that will be featured in ad pages in Time, Mr. Layne said.
So, she celebrated the triumph of Puerto Rico, the 3-pointers, the exploitation of the United States team's weaknesses, the good zone defense.
And to think, Bryant never thought he needed Shaq.
His agency's clients include DSW shoe stores, Fox Sports, Sports Authority and the Turner Broadcasting System.
December's new-construction figure represents an increase of 1.7 percent over November's figure and a rise of 15 percent over that for December 2002.
There is a tentative plan to relocate the village library there as part of a $27 million renovation, which would cost an average taxpayer $257 annually.
It's his top hand; that's a tough one to get.
Palestrina's "Canite Tuba, Rorate caeli" and "Conditor Alme Siderum"; and Missa Brevis by Jackson Hill; Louise Basbas, music director and organist.
At the headquarters of the Organized Crime Unit in western Baghdad, where Captain Hadi's men were spooked by the parked car, a labyrinth of sand-filled barriers and metal-spiked speed bumps lies between the parking lot and the front door.
June 30 to Oct. 1: ''House of Desires,'' by Sor Juana Ines de la Cruz.
Mr. Elsley said that lots of good plants, like the late-blooming lilac tree Syringa reticulata subsp.
In a more sober moment, however, he said: ''We'll make it again.
Hours: Sundays through Wednesdays, 11 a.m. to 5:45 p.m.; Thursdays, to 8 p.m.; Fridays, to 3 p.m.
''And when I proudly told my dad,'' Mr. Kerry said, ''he promptly grounded me.''
Microsoft invested more than $20 million in the venture over the years, and although the company didn't meddle in Slate's coverage, it never seemed sure of what to do with the daily news magazine that Slate had become.
''It is an extraordinary threat.''
It's not only the trees that are skeletal in this stark production, directed rather listlessly by Daniel Sullivan.
Some noted that in an increasingly fragmented society, there are lots of small ideas.
There were about 1,500 officers divided into three companies of scooters, bicycles, cars and vans, designed to pounce on a block at a sign of trouble, he said.
Invisible War is a wildly ambitious game, a serious attempt to shape the video game into something far grander and more complex than it has been until now.
Already, some are wondering if time has passed Gibbs by -- particularly time management.
The fine that Shell agreed to pay in Britain, £17 million ($31 million), is the largest that the Financial Services Authority, the chief British market regulator, has ever levied.
But those who bet on football games became increasingly interested in the star's health habits.
The overall infant mortality rate in the city is 6.5 deaths for every 1,000 newborns, below the national average of 7 per 1,000.
Donations appreciated to the Robert Rautenberg Memorial Fund of North Shore Child and Family Guidance, 480 Old Westbury Road, Roslyn Heights, NY 11577.
Given their wealth and the nation's progressive tax system, taxpayers in Connecticut, New York and New Jersey pay a disproportionately high share of the nation's federal income and employment taxes, the study found.
But Pizza Hut, owned by Yum Brands Inc. of Louisville, Ky., remedied that problem, and the pie has become a mainstay of its American menu.
The judge has said that he believes Mr. Pabon deserves prison time.
He was initially successful in state Supreme Court, but the village is appealing.
In May's return to his home state, he had just 8 points and 4 rebounds.
But even with the A.M.T., the Cheneys' tax burden was far below the average for people in their income group.
The atmosphere at the prison appeared to be loose and informal, with unclear demarcations of responsibility.
Mic Todd, the 23-year-old bassist for Coheed and Cambria, an emo rock band whose members grew up in the area -- and is often cited as the next big thing coming out of Woodstock -- said that the town's musical heritage is too entrenched to be stifled by rising real estate prices.
The Times pays the fund's expenses, so all contributions go directly to the charities, which use them to provide services and cash assistance to the poor.
Mr. Bruno issued a statement congratulating Mr. Fleming on Wednesday, and noting that only six incumbent Republican state senators faced primaries, and all six won.
The shootings have occurred along or near Interstate 70 since May.
Her mother is a fund-raising consultant for the Environmental Conservation Trust of Uganda.
Beloved wife of the late Bernard Stein; loving mother of Robert Stein (Mara Greenberg) and Ellen Lazarus (Howard Lazarus); adored grandmother of Andrew (Stephanie), David, Laura, Reyna and Bart; wonderful great-grandmother of Marissa Brooke.
The foundation's plans call for a three-campus Barnes.
If a kayak is perpendicular to the point where the ball lands, it is nearly impossible to make a quick turn.
He mounts a red bicycle.
But the company, which has sales of nearly $300 million annually, stands to benefit from the arrangement.
Its three-judge panel indicated that based on arguments made before it Monday, the N.F.L.
Many council members said they favored restoring the revoked citizenship of Iraqis until the discussion turned to the Jews.
Once installed, the uniform patch stood out from the rest of the wall, which has subtle variations.
Another man, Lawal Kate Hamza, had gone back to Yelwa for just a night to salvage the one thing he could take from his home: the tin roof.
In response to the accusations, the F.D.A.
My husband and I plan to start a weekend soccer game for all the team rejects.
But Mr. Pelosi has denied any link to the murder.
The project has built cases against 50 spammers, which it has started to refer to federal and state prosecutors.
In somewhat colorful language, Spencer told The San Antonio Express-News that he wanted the Ford, Chevrolet and Dodge trucks to rout Toyota.
The isolated region has tanneries, paper mills and other high-polluting industries dumping directly into the rivers.
The rest of it's for Afghanistan and the global war on terror.
They shot a dismal 31.6 percent for the game -- Ely was 1 for 11 -- and did not hit a 3-pointer until 12 minutes 55 seconds remained in the game.
Speaking at a meeting on the workforce at Rutgers last month, he said the state had added 54,200 jobs last year, making New Jersey fourth in the nation in job growth.
She rushed to the dog's aid with water and a wheelbarrow so the owner could transport it to the parking lot.
The former New York State assemblyman Lucio F. Russo and his wife, Tina I. Russo, were killed on Tuesday in an automobile accident near their winter home in Boynton Beach, Fla.
A new female crash test dummy called for in the proposal represents a 4-foot-11-inch woman.
But it was his pressure, these leaders on the council said, that caused the last-minute holdup in approving the interim constitution.
Evangeline Morphos, who runs the Actors Studio Drama School, which serves as New School's graduate theater program, said she had first heard about the play in late June and was surprised to find out that it wasn't already booked.
By comparison, one in five white boys and one in 10 black girls are smokers.
Nine of the suspects are in police custody.
Donations to St. Mary's Building Fund, 1062 Charnelton Avenue, Eugene, Oregon 97401.
Investors pushed down stock and Treasury prices after the announcement, interpreting the change as a sign that a rate increase might be closer than they had expected.
"You are not friends, you are a professional service provider," he said.
Initially, the United States appeared indifferent to the Brazilian action.
''They wanted to send a message to the Egyptian government,'' Mr. Qutb said during an interview on Tuesday inside the Egyptian Embassy.
The two other stabbing victims sustained what investigators described as far less serious injuries -- defensive slash wounds on their arms or hands; they were taken to St. Vincent's Manhattan Hospital.
Even her wonderfully warbling voice seemed untelegenic.
Those are things we've never had before.''
D5 ARTS E1-10 Comedy Is a Hit in L.A. Two 30-year-old comedians have written a play, ''Jewtopia,'' out of a myriad of stereotypes.
Earlier this year, Judge Audrey B. Collins of the Federal District Court in Los Angeles, struck down a part of the antiterrorism law being used in this trial, ruling that it was overly broad and vague.
We extend our heartfelt sympathy to his wife, Elena, to George and his sisters Pandora and Lucile and their families.
Let me just say here that he is both "cool" and "neat," and on both accounts because of his skill with the group shot.
Larry Zicklin, President Morris W. Offit, Chair of the Board John S. Ruskay, Exec.
Meanwhile, the pace of the digital boom seems to be picking up for many other electronic giants as strong sales of flat-panel televisions, digital cameras and mobile phones drove profits higher in the most recent quarter.
Can the firing of Scott possibly be the right move if Lawrence Frank doesn't get the Nets back to the finals?
In Denmark it is illegal to have sexual relations with anyone under 15.
Mr. Morris was one of many Wesleyan arts administrators in attendance at the ''Five Outer Planets'' opening at the Zilkha Gallery.
But Opel has been bedeviled by the weak German economy, which has forced it to offer sales incentives to lure buyers.
Listen, I resent ballpark gouging and other assaults on the senses and pocketbook as much as the next customer.
Twelve years ago, Ms. LaRosa, who describes her accent as a blend of London with traces of cockney and Welsh, was asked to record the series of greetings and messages for the hospital to use on its voice-mail system.
But my litter carrier turned out to be just Mike, and my litter was Mike's back.
Founded in 2000 and based in Paris, the group offers interpretations that are deft and polished, colorful and charged, imaginative and resourceful.
Yet I continued to think of myself as a writer.''
''The real issue is that USA Track and Field has become a complete and utter scofflaw,'' the W.A.D.A.
''We need a strong military and we need to lead strong alliances,'' Mr. Kerry said, when it came time for him to speak.
''Tell the truth, tell the truth,'' said a group of fellow students gathered around.
Others include availability of a skilled work force and a desire to be near target markets.
Whatever else impelled Arthur Miller to write "The Misfits," there is one "motive" that those of us who were there before and during the making of the movie (I was assistant to the producer) knew to be true: it was a gift to Marilyn.
Senate Democrats argued that he did not deserve elevation because he had written an article as a young man recommending ways to strengthen Mississippi's anti-miscegenation laws, left the Democratic Party in 1964 when the national party tried to integrate the state delegation to the national convention and, more recently, presided over a 1994 trial in which he took extraordinary steps to reduce the sentence of a man convicted in a cross-burning incident.
All of this would require hundreds of millions of dollars in outside investment, and attracting it will require all of the mayor's powers as the city's No.
''Eventually all those story lines start coming back around and feeding into each other,'' Ms. Civiello said, adding that the series does ''a good job of setting up cliffhangers that make you want to come back to the next episode.''
Philadelphia selected him in the draft, but the Orioles prevailed on the Phillies to sell him back to them, which they did a week later.
Jim Press, chief operating officer of Toyota Motor Sales USA, sees Scion as a bridge to new customers.
"I got that today and everyone was expecting me to shoot that ball.
Marion Jones may be track and field's Brandon Mayfield.
''We could have gone another eighth of a mile, and the other horse wouldn't have gone by.''
Tonight at 8, Grace Rainey Rogers Auditorium, Metropolitan Museum of Art, Fifth Avenue and 82nd Street, (212) 570-3949.
The parole officers whisked Mr. Steinberg, 63, from the limousine, which was rented from a car service by Mr. Steinberg's lawyer, into a blue Chevrolet Impala.
The plan, which must still be approved in Parliament, calls for a racetrack in the north of the country and one in the south.
At the time, the Bush administration had its hands full with war in Iraq, and European diplomats seized the situation as an opportunity to affirm the virtues of diplomacy.
This isn't about the economic pros and cons of buying in bulk or about the mathematical probability that this blank check will still cost more in the end than buying tickets for each trip the old-fashioned way.
But that debate had a far different tenor than the much larger one raging now.
Artists' forum with Rose Craney, Frances Heinrich, Larry Lee and Michael Wiley.
But West played a second heart, and South took advantage of the opportunity.
One wonders whether unspoken class and race bias underlie the careless work so common in newly constructed housing in Harlem.
For Mr. Edwards, the immediate question was whether he had acted in time or gone far enough to make a difference.
There are three main issues to consider.
''This is only a starting point for me,'' said Felix, the youngest track and field medalist here.
Now I have one more left.''
The governor's push for support, though, may fall short, especially in black communities, Dr. Orman said.
He suggests, in ''Time Indefinite,'' that his need to add ''more and more footage to the family archives'' is something that he feels most acutely in the wake of the deaths of family members.
The cause was leukemia, his lawyer, Peter Sutton, said.
Construction has begun on two others.
Mr. Sadr said efforts to build a democracy in Iraq could begin only after American troops leave.
We will miss him, and I will miss him."
Getting ahead with fastballs on the corners, and then mixing in his signature changeup, he showed the Expos everything he did not in the Grapefruit League finale on Sunday, when they pounded him for seven runs in four innings.
For smaller subgroups, the potential sampling error is larger.
But its visual elegance comes at a price.
A story collection and a novel by an author who applies a lapidary style to outlandish subjects; the stories often dwell on characters near collapse, like German fighter pilots flying deathtraps or a collector whose bubble gum cards become hallucinations.
A6 The Bush administration's handling of the report on Saddam Hussein's attempts to purchase weapons and buy influence in the years before the war has angered French officials.
ContentGuard specializes in software that protects digital material from counterfeiting.
Jazz singers these days seem more likely to find their information more in the restraint and mystery of bossa nova than in the unapologetic splendor of, say, Sarah Vaughan.
She said she had enjoyed her time in the spotlight, including an appearance on ''The Oprah Winfrey Show,'' but she said snowboarding was the best part of her tour of the mainland.
But to dwell too heavily on their formal properties is to miss what is unusual and special about them: a remarkable linear quality and fluidity to the designs.
Investigators recovered a knife at the scene, according to a spokesman for the Suffolk County district attorney's office.
Dr. T. J. Eckleburg, ash heaps, stupid rich people -- what could go wrong?
"Now," he said, "you just go."
Opens Thursday at 8 p.m.
Back in Washington, in his gleaming headquarters two blocks from the White House, Mr. Wolfensohn, president of the World Bank, says he is treated like just another senior official whose mission to help the poor is decidedly out of favor, especially after Sept. 11.
When I first met Hurwitz in May it had only been two months since the latest corporate shuffle (Time Warner sold Warner Music Group to a group of private investors led by Edgar Bronfman Jr., the former chief of Seagram, which owned Universal Music Group), and he was anxious about how a new management team would view his fief.
In the prosecution's version of events, Mr. Kelly then pointed the gun, a .357 Magnum, at Mr. Pizzingrillo's mother, Irene, 41, who was waiting for her son, and shot her through the mouth and jaw.
Chabon adheres to all of Van Dine's rules save one, No.
There are 17 by-the-glass selections ($6 to $9).
To the north, in Mosul, a third security company repelled a direct assault on its headquarters.
Eleanor has rock 'n' roll self-possession down cold; it's not insignificant that she can sound like a young Patti Smith.
But these days small-town charm comes at a price.
What better way to spend more time with their husbands?
The question is, how big?
The strength ''suggests that business-equipment spending will likely post another double-digit gain in the second quarter,'' John Ryding, Bear Stearns' chief market economist in New York, said.
They might be at risk of another bird saying, 'What's going on in there?
Eventually, even the sea of text on Google's main site could well be interrupted by colorful graphics.
You know you want to.
JONATHAN TRACY, on compensation for civilian casualties in Iraq.
Marsh & McLennan, the insurance broker, completed and expanded a $3 billion credit agreement with banks led by Citigroup.
"It's too close to call, but I'd rather be us than them," said Chris Vance, the state Republican Party chairman.
UTAH JAZZ--Re-signed C Paul Grant to a second 10-day contract.
''This one is very, very special for me,'' he said.
The Pakistani military bombed and shelled three compounds, including one that foreign militants used as a terrorist training camp with its own firing range, in the rugged tribal areas of northwest Pakistan on Friday, Pakistani military officials said.
This result sounds both logical and humanistic.
Athens happens to suit Greene.
Adoring grandfather of Asher, Naomi, Geoffrey and Anna.
Yes, all the amenities of a top ski resort can be found in New Jersey.
More ominously, four Massachusetts judges, looking to bring about radical social change from the bench, decided that their commonwealth must begin performing same-sex marriages this spring.
"I don't see any reason why we wouldn't do it," said Randy Bustillos, a regional manager for Circuit City in Northern California.
The top Marine Corps general in Iraq said Wednesday that an American attack against insurgents in Falluja was ''inevitable'' within days unless the militants there immediately surrendered their heavy weapons and ammunition, as called for in a peace deal.
But by pleading guilty, he was automatically subject to deportation and detention.
When they were given the opportunity last week, Red Sox players, on the verge of completing a three-game sweep of the Anaheim Angels in the opening round of the playoffs, declined to say whether they would be disappointed if they did not play the Yankees for the pennant.
''She could barely speak,'' Mr. Clifford said.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 5 - Before the outcry and the lawsuits, Barry L. Hirsch could have taken the easy path into retirement.
PAGE A10 SHARP WORDS FROM KERRY -- John Kerry accused President Bush of failing to act quickly to bolster terror defenses, and called for a special session of Congress.
Indeed, sales for that style have far exceeded G.M.
Mr. Mack's long involvement with conservative causes includes support for the Likud Party in Israel.
But it says it has refused to simply accept all the generic AIDS drugs that the World Health Organization has approved, and it said last month that it would set up a process whereby makers of generic drugs could apply for approval from the Food and Drug Administration.
The whirlwind campaign will have caused a political avalanche (one gradation up from a landslide), leaving the opposition candidate snowed under and causing much Sturm und Drang ("storm and stress") as well as a firestorm of self-criticism in the defeated party on the morning after.
STEIN--Emma, 93, of Boston, MA on December 12.
They have never advanced past the semifinals.
As poor mothers, who often received additional benefits for each additional child, began to realize they would eventually have to support their families without government support, they began adjusting their behavior, state officials assert.
The book, however, did sell out its 10,000-copy press run.
*The president's election-year budget proposes a $1,000 tax credit to help four million uninsured Americans buy health insurance.
He concludes with a lively gallop through the birth of the New Left, Vietnam, Watergate and beyond.
We haven't heard from him."
The home page is one of those design-it-yourself collections of news headlines, movie times and other information you specify.
"I can make them clear as day," boasted Bill Lent, the cemetery's self-appointed caretaker, smiling over his successful recapture of a bit of Catriena's world.
Promising that something is going to be scandalous is usually as unwise as promising someone good sex: anticipation leads to disappointment.
The top executives of IMG, Robert D. Kain and Alastair J. Johnston, will remain as the day-to-day managers, the executives said, and will buy equity stakes.
Last meal: What a horrible idea.
''The first thing they always say is that we are spies for the West.
There is a large outdoor swimming pool.
Now it expects to lose $2 million to $4 million under the same accounting terms.
In the span of five batters, Williams recorded just one out: a Ramirez fly ball that Walker caught on the run at the right-field wall.
He bought a washer and a dryer and installed them in the basement at Reader's Digest.
Two police officers, Arnold Strickland and James Crump, and a dispatcher, Leslie Mealer, were shot at the town's police station when a man who was being arrested grabbed an officer's gun and opened fire before fleeing in a police car, the authorities said.
"I get the sense this mother is a little bit stubborn."
Taking place at the CUNY Graduate Center, at Fifth Avenue and 34th Street, it features arts luminaries in conversation with Times critics, reporters and editors.
But early reaction from tribal leaders was not favorable.
To watch this singer and pianist is to appreciate the power of a carefully deployed pop-jazz minimalism combined with a highly discriminating taste in songs.
Listen: There hasn't been a day in my life when I didn't regret making those bets.
Today at 3 p.m. Tickets: $32 to $42.
''I don't want to talk about .500 because every time we get close and talk about it, it gets away from us,'' Mets Manager Art Howe said after the game.
But people who travel to the show may find upon returning home that they have the uncanny experience of seeing Rauschenbergs everywhere they look.
KEY ADDITIONS -- Soriano, Brad Fullmer, Kenny Rogers, Jeff Nelson KEY LOSSES -- Rodriguez, Gonzalez, Palmeiro, John Thomson, Ismael Valdez KEY TO SEASON -- Four consecutive last-place finishes, the last three with Rodriguez, face the Rangers, and they are in good position to make it five.
Wake Forest advanced to the Round of 16 for the first time since 1996.
In direct competition with Southampton, Stony Brook already has made an entry in the East End health care market with its outpatient facility in Hampton Bays, which offers consultation services in a variety of specialized areas, including gastrointestinal, pediatric and vascular surgery.
It is a solemn reflective monument of what is common to all, not what makes them different.''
This can mean only one thing: Adam Rapp is back in town.
The suicide car bomb at the Baghdad airport checkpoint exploded around 8:30 a.m., as a long line of cars was waiting to enter the airport, witnesses said.
The study was led by Dr. Henry E. Wang and Dr. Donald M. Yealy of the University of Pittsburgh.
Wotan has promiscuously sired the Valkyries, who live with him and their stepmother in Valhalla.
The 24,000-square-foot two-story building is flanked on two sides by new one-story industrial buildings with offices in the front.
James taught for many years at Xavier High School.
Some of the Riggs funds, according to Senate records, were registered in the Bahamas under two corporate shells, the Althorp Investment Company and Ashburton Company Ltd.
Proud grandmother of Adam, David and Abby.
All three concept laptops have fingerprint and smart-card readers for added security, and Bluetooth wireless technology support for any peripheral device like the detachable keyboards.
Mr. Blum said, "That Schneider could operate openly for years, buying ads in the Wall Street Journal and the American Airlines flight magazine, shows the utter failure of tax law enforcement."
Williams was given a difficult draw for this tournament and faces a potential quarterfinal showdown against Jennifer Capriati, who was pushed to three sets in her opening-round victory over Denisa Chladkova, 2-6, 6-1, 6-2.
After the Mass, he stood on the steps of the church and accepted the hugs and handshakes of parishioners.
Once you have finalized a DVD+R disc, it's frozen; you can never erase or edit it.
''This fair is going to blow him out of the water if he's not careful.
''In the area of enforcement, fines and penalties have increased by a third'' since Governor McGreevey took office, he said.
She could have been a character in Grace Paley's story "The Loudest Voice," about a little girl who can rock an auditorium with the sound of her voice.
Random Acts of Genealogical Kindness (raogk.org) was created for just those instances.
None of those headwinds caused the bank to budge from its benchmark rate of 2 percent, which, as Mr. Trichet reminded those at a news conference, was half the rate across the English Channel, in Britain.
Ezra Stoller was born on May 16, 1915, in Chicago.
His wife, Gloria A. Mosley, daughters Karla and Alex Mosley survive him.
But this was not an audience that seemed to need any restrictions.
He preserved the old building but more than quintupled its floor space, to 14,000 square feet from 2,500.
In 2002, 18 states barred execution of the retarded.
Last month he lost his job as the catering manager at a hotel in Port-au-Prince, and he is desperately short of money, he said.
Such a mild reaction is somewhat surprising, given that investors in Britain and the Netherlands have become increasingly vocal over issues like executive pay and management appointments.
Peter LoFrumento, a spokesman for Universal, part of Vivendi Universal, was traveling yesterday and could not be reached for comment.
Mr. Berman said that they ''did it by supplying crucial leadership in the civil rights revolution and by playing a central role in the mass movement against the war in Vietnam.''
Her great virtue as a writer about horses is her emotional candor.
For the first time, he said publicly on Tuesday that after he and his mother, Sante Kimes, killed Miss Silverman, he disposed of the body in a trash bin in Hoboken, N.J. Mr. Kimes, 29, and his mother, 69, were convicted in 2000 of killing Miss Silverman in a plot devised by Ms. Kimes, who also was sentenced to life in prison.
The convergence of the networks requires less specialized equipment for telephone service.
A longtime strategy for the Iraqi Special Tribunal was proposed by Pierre-Richard Prosper, the United States ambassador for war crimes issues, in a closing address.
He even spends some time in the memoir itself trying to figure out why.
A 37-year-old man was shot in the stomach.
The new arrivals included veterans from both sides of the conflict.
Temple Israel of New Rochelle expresses condolences to the family of the late Helen Schaffer.
"I can come to work and do the best job I can, but that's about all I can do," said Valerie Scoble, a 50-year-old assembly line worker standing in a Walgreens parking lot near the plant, waiting for her ride.
Endo's lawyer showed that Purdue's filings to federal drug regulators contradicted those it made to patent examiners.
The technology distills this data into key words that describe the content of message.
A lot of people think once you get that kind of surgery you turn out looking like Ethel Merman, and it's not like that.
The staff member who was attacked, Ms. Johnston, a 29-year-old youth services officer who spoke on the condition that only her surname be used, said she was the second woman attacked by the boy.
Something must be done about the increasing need for affordable housing, Mr. White concluded.
''If Hong Kong isn't ready yet,'' Mr.
Robert J. Stevens, chief executive of the Lockheed Martin Corporation, the nation's biggest military contractor, said he envisioned a "highly secure Internet in which military and intelligence activities are fused," shaping 21st-century warfare in the way that nuclear weapons shaped the cold war.
Another piece from the same year, ''Me and It,'' includes more figurines and two videos playing simultaneously.
He holds the world record in the 100, 9.78 seconds, but he finished seventh at the Olympic trials and has not run a time close to the record since breaking it in 2002.
But a peek over the backyard fence reveals Acadia National Park -- and don't forget the lobster.
But since then, local groups have criticized the aesthetics of the pick; the way the winner was determined, with no vote by the village board; and the irony that a Canadian was chosen to create a monument to an industry lost to foreign competition.
They judged that the well-known members of the Hollinger International board would wilt under fire.
"They were taking fire from rocket propelled grenades, and for sure, small-arms fire from two different mosques," said Lt. Col. Paul Hastings, a military spokesman.
Two years ago, President da Silva's fiery leftist statements stirred concern in Washington, but now American officials say they are pleased that he has turned out to be relatively conservative on economic issues, like the importance of reducing budget deficits, and has helped American policies not only in Haiti but also in Venezuela.
A15 New Italian Foreign Minister Italy named a new foreign minister, Gianfranco Fini, who once called Mussolini "the greatest statesman of the century" but who in recent years has worked to redefine himself as a centrist leader and plausible candidate for prime minister someday.
The antipathy directed toward The Times Magazine by many of the daily paper's writers and editors is decades old.
"It is not going to help the image of France to give a haven to someone who is perceived as a terrorist by American public opinion," the French official said.
He played hearts, starting with the king and overtaking the jack with the queen.
f. What is the trend in the health of the reindeer population?
Mr. Close was originally drawn to the area because of its reputation as an art colony and as the home of the first abstract expressionists, who began to cluster around East Hampton in the 1940's.
With most golfers, caddies come and go.
Mix well until dough is soft but not sticky, adding flour if necessary.
The Ventana is being built on former farmland in the midst of a solidly residential neighborhood, Ms. Brooks said, so residents have easy access to restaurants, shops, theaters, golf courses and other local amenities.
The position, the skeptics say, is overrated.
Her ennui is in sharp contrast to her schoolgirl zest arranging extracurricular events.
Another explanation of the term comes from the Dictionary of Phrase and Fable (1898), which cited the proverb of ''selling the skin before you have caught the bear,'' and referred to those who entered into contracts in the notorious South Sea bubble in the early 18th century, to transfer stock at a stated price.
When Mr. Clinton appeared on ''60 Minutes,'' the same anti-Clinton group that led the Whitewater charge a decade ago took out ads implying that it's entirely the former president's fault that al Qaeda wasn't stopped.
Laboratories around the world have tried many times to inject synthetic prions into mice, but the experiments never worked, because the mice never got sick, Dr. Prusiner said.
All of the league's teams are either building up or breaking down, always with the salary cap in mind.
It was not quite fair, I guess.
After clearing the apartment of smoke, firefighters found the woman, Annette C. Barlow, on her bedroom floor.
The halo of golden light produced on the computer, Mr. Balsmayer says, ''starkly contrasts with the grim backgrounds, and symbolically represents the conflict of godly versus worldly.''
His heart rate was slow, but again normal.
Learn about and implement the SWOT (Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities, and Threats) method of evaluation to assess their school as an institution.
Mr. Sharon's office emphasized the same point on Saturday, issuing a statement saying: ''Israel has no connection to this matter.
This film is rated R. WITH: Robert Redford (Wayne Hayes), Helen Mirren (Eileen Hayes), Willem Dafoe (Arnold Mack), Alessandro Nivola (Tim Hayes), Matt Craven (Agent Fuller), Melissa Sagemiller (Jill Hayes) and Wendy Crewson (Louise Miller).
Many have some experience, she said, but ''we never get our waiters from the four-stars.''
How do you rate the overall state of moral values in this country today?
Free and frequent town buses make rental cars unnecessary.
He is survived by his wife, Kip Bleakley O'Neill; his mother, Eleanor O'Neill of Geneva, N.Y.; a brother, James of Geneva; three sisters, JoAnne Swenson of Fabius, N.Y., Theresa Felice of San Diego and Mary Cluff of Phoenix; three children from his first marriage, Brynn Van Schaick, of Clayton, N.C., Brendan of Jackson, Wyo., and Matthew of New York; a stepson, David Bleakley of Poughkeepsie, N.Y.; a stepdaughter, Andrea Moriarty of Poughkeepsie; two grandchildren; and three stepgrandchildren.
"Tom Otterness on Broadway," organized by the Broadway Mall Association, the Parks Department and the Marlboro Gallery, is billed as the biggest one-man sculpture exhibition on city park land since a Henry Moore show in 1984.
'Friends' I have never watched.
OAKLAND RAIDERS -- Released QB Brett Engemann and DB Brock Williams.
The Senseo uses pods with coffee from Douwe Egberts, a Belgian roaster owned by Sara Lee.
The state's five House members also won re-election.
Diagraming sentences, proclaimed The Encyclopedia of Educational Research, "teaches nothing beyond the ability to diagram."
Yet the environmental movement is wrong to emphasize preservation for the sake of the wolves and the moose alone.
''That will make the system even stronger.''
Even if I were a genius at entertaining myself 180 school days a year -- multiplied by 30 minutes equals 90 hours of incarceration -- there's still the little-known phenomenon of "car line rage" to contend with.
And we will never be deterred in our exercise of democracy.
And yet the biblical theme of the prodigal son has been waiting as steadily as home -- the end of the story -- for this world-wanderer, born in 1930, who now openly feels his age.
Today, more than 250 pickers nationally scour flea market bins and raid old optician stocks to help the company fill a warehouse with 500,000 frames and component pieces like temples, bridges and nose pads.
He led a band that was most at home playing suave shuffles, and he made his entrance playing alto saxophone along with them, sharing a low-key ballad.
The projected costs of increased life expectancy should be updated regularly, and the responsibility for them should be split between retirees and workers -- through small automatic reductions in future benefits and modest increases in the payroll tax.
This year, Florida again hired a private company -- Accenture, which recently got a homeland security contract worth up to $10 billion -- to prepare a felon list.
Having their way with the lampposts, benches and fences of Lower Manhattan (and being asked repeatedly to move on), the nine traceurs wondered aloud what the true masters of the sport would make of this terrain.
The exhibition may be seen Tuesday through March 4 at Dodds Hall on the University of New Haven campus in West Haven.
''Down the road, that could be worth significant money,'' he said.
While such statements may sound alarmist, condominium lawyers maintain that the ruling reflects such a pronounced change in the status quo that it is not far-fetched to suggest that unit owners could be individually named in almost any liability lawsuit filed against a condominium building.
Since January, the scorecard reads zero.
While in the sports mode it looks for patterns, but the software can just as easily search out the unpredictable.
"A lot of competitors don't have the capabilities we have built in the last few years," Mr. Joshi said.
He performs tonight at Joe's Pub at the Public Theater, 425 Lafayette Street, at Astor Place, in the East Village.
"He will eat the food off your plate and you can eat the food off his. "
''Caveat emptor,'' Mr. Wollmer says.
He continued, ''It's just an area that very few of us in the 60's and 70's realized was there.''
(5) Nancy Gardner Prince was right there in Saint Petersburg.
As Jim Hightower, the former Texas agriculture commissioner, memorably cracked about Mr. Bush's father in comments since applied to the 43rd president: "He is a man who was born on third base and thinks he hit a triple."
Both books remain in print.
But nowhere has the clash been more intense or sustained than in the area of climate change.
In addition, Mr. Spota's former law firm and former law partner defended two other figures in the Tankleff case, Todd Steuerman and his father, Jerard.
''I go for the really high-end stuff,'' said Ms. Wien, who had picked up a Barry Kieselstein-Cord belt.
''I always thought New York was a little too mean for me,'' he said.
Rising copper prices helped Phelps Dodge, the copper producer based in Phoenix.
You're experienced -- why didn't you ask those questions?
CATHOLIC CHARITIES OF THE ARCHDIOCESE OF NEW YORK 1011 First Avenue, New York, N.Y. 10022.
The other major difference is that many Iraqis can claim to have been active opponents of Saddam Hussein rather than sullenly complicit, as was more the case in Eastern Europe during the cold war, or enthusiastically complicit, which was the case in Germany and Japan after World War II.
Mr. Owens spent much of his interview time assuring his listeners, at least those in Colorado, that he would be back in the state on Monday night, and got in only an occasional mild poke at Mr. Kerry.
Mr. Bush's sway over the dollar is considerable.
Indeed, in the contemporary art world, which runs in large part on the herd instinct, it was only when an early joke painting of Mr.
Among limited dessert options, the sliced Asian pear that we tried was fresh and refreshing, and the interplay between sweet and savory in vanilla ice cream with red bean sauce made for a satisfying conclusion to a more than satisfying meal.
The all-over composition and palette-knifed surfaces of this painting were directly inspired by Willem de Kooning's ''Excavation'' (1950).
Another big group is the 70-strong Westchester Medical Group, based in White Plains, with seven offices in Mamaroneck, Rye and Purchase.
''Some of the guys want to get this thing over with because they are having problems with their employers.''
It was reported that kidnappers of an aid official, Margaret Hassan, threaten in a videotape to turn her over to the Jordanian militant Abu Musab al-Zarqawi.
A light lunch and afternoon tea will be available both days.
Hours: Wednesdays through Sundays, noon to 5 p.m.
As for Parul Shah, she chose to preserve the old art of Indian Kathak dance in a new place.
Democrats proposed ending the subsidies permanently and rolling the savings into federal grants for low-income college students.
Ms. Belnavis in turn hired two men, Barry Alexander and Tony Dubose, both of Brooklyn, to help with the breakout, Ms. Pirro said.
The comments by the minister, Antonio Marzano, came a day after Alitalia said that its cash had dwindled by 300 million euros, or $358 million, in the last four months, leaving just 200 million euros in its coffers.
To avoid this fate, I began systematically to refuse to learn to do laundry or mop a floor.
''They want to control their own destiny.''
''Thanks to all that, I have a beautiful 2,000-square-foot home with a three-car garage.''
LARSEN JENSEN, 18, the defending champion, won the men's race by eight meters in 7 minutes 53.29 seconds, and SACHIKO YAMADA, 21, took the women's race by 17 meters in 8:25.62, a Japanese record.
Mr. Baller said he had had two close calls, which he reported to the railroad.
Mr. DiSpirito, who is 37, attended the Culinary Institute of America when he was 16, apprenticed in France and worked at New York restaurants including Lespinasse and Dava before opening Union Pacific in August 1997.
Mr. El Din's solo pieces were even more unadorned, with single lines of melody, sometimes joined by his singing in a dry, modest voice, and decorated only by his subtly varied attacks on the strings of the oud: rounded tones, precise tremolos or percussive string snapping, as is done on the banjolike Japanese biwa, which he has studied.
Lawyers for Shyne are working on an appeal, the record company official said.
But to the faith-based diner, it hardly matters.
''But the guy knows Spider-Man backward and forward -- all the minor super-villains and their secret identities.
Geoff Blum and Jose Cruz Jr. hit home runs in support of Zambrano (8-4), who has not lost in nine starts since May 15.
Linksys, based in Irvine, Calif., also announced that Verizon would sell Linksys's phone adapter to customers who sign up for its Internet-based phone service.
It was 2002; he did not enter in 2003.
He lavished them with costly gifts and smothered them with affection, notice that occasionally provoked the irritation of the Davies paterfamilias, Arthur.
Because it was an electrical fire, the firefighters used chemical extinguishers, and declared the fire out about 5:30 p.m.
For similar reasons we shall never know how many conductors have snipped away at music's sacred texts and gotten away with it.
I think any second-year graduate student would have slammed the door in his face if Heidegger hadn't been standing there next to him.
Axon trades over the counter in the United States.
Twenty minutes later, he had built -- and tuned -- a functional pan flute.
Phil Lempert, a food trends expert who runs a Web site, www.supermarketguru.com, says he finds this deplorable.
Through Nov. 7, "Tunnel Vision: Subway Photos 1904-1908," and "Underground All Over Town: Prints From the Collection of David and Reba Williams."
(Sinclair's vice president, Mark Hyman, is a conservative commentator who produces ''positive'' stories about Iraq.)
"I told him, 'You have to do something for me tonight,"' Ferreira said.
Moreover, President da Silva has acknowledged that it is important for Colombia to defeat its drug-trafficking guerrilla movements.
Despite the Pakistani government's efforts to win over residents by building schools, wells and roads there, cooperating with Pakistani and American investigators continues to be considered "napak kam," or dirty work, among many tribesmen, Pakistani officials say.
Mr. Wonder has generally eschewed technical fireworks for a more organic use of the instrument.
But if investors followed Mr. Freeman's advice, they would have to exclude from consideration Legg Mason Value Trust, which Mr. Miller has run for 22 years, piling up an enviable performance record.
We had one more stop that day, the house several blocks north at 470 Elton Street, where my grandparents had lived as newlyweds and where my mother spent her first year.
''OPEC was able to raise production to 29.3 million barrels a day last month when we lost about 10 days of Iraqi output.''
Bus Company, to consolidate all bus operations.
It is hyperaware of every image it sends out -- and the symbolism that may accompany it.
Invariably, these people test others with Yankee trivia challenges (to which the answer should always be Celerino Sanchez).
Beloved cousin of Trudy & other relatives and many friends.
''Born to Be Blind,'' for all its haphazard structure, takes you about as far inside Maria's world as a film could reasonably be expected to go, but at moments it also feels uncomfortably exploitative.
After seeing a concept prototype a couple of years ago, a Wall Street financial analyst went so far as to describe the 300 and its sibling, the Dodge Magnum, as Chrysler's ''big leveraged bet.''
Those differences help explain why the American military appears to be taking a softer line in Najaf than in Falluja, where the threat of an outright assault is never more than a day or two away.
But last year officials were notified that under a 1997 amendment to state law, the institution was now classified as a ''small city school district public library.''
Thank you for sharing that with us.
Their analysis, presented well before the 2004 election, now seems more prescient than talk of an emerging Democratic majority -- or, if a mea culpa is permissible, of one nation, after all.
PERLSTEIN--Harvey L. Daddy dear, our 43rd Father's Day without you makes us so sad.
An independent commission in Washington investigating the attacks of Sept. 11 reported last week that there was no evidence of a working relationship between Mr. Hussein and Al Qaeda, as the Bush administration had said in pressing its case for war.
Because such sex leaves behind forensic evidence, it would be relatively easy for prosecutors to prove that it had occurred.
In South Korea, the nation's top court says it does not follow the election returns.
The largest parts of the fuselage are made in France and Germany; the wings in Britain; and parts of the tail section in Spain.
The mayor told reporters that Citigroup had promised to replace the existing 1,900 jobs over the next two years with higher-paying jobs.
Minaya was even more active on Wednesday, meeting with six teams, including the Oakland Athletics and the Texas Rangers, and the Cubs a second time.
What Mr. Raimondo's company did, experts of all stripes say, has become standard business practice in response to domestic and international pressures.
With 300 pieces installed in the fourth- and fifth-floor galleries, and spilling over into the permanent collection galleries, it's a very crowded affair.
"Other than that, who hasn't done something wrong?
Silva had faced the Yankees once before, on Aug. 19, and given up seven runs on nine hits in five innings.
Since that time, the airlines have added fire detection and fire suppression systems to more cargo holds, but stepped-up enforcement has revealed that materials that can start fires or leak toxic substances are commonly shipped by air.
Johnson said: ''Some guys said: 'Oh, this white dude jumped on this black dude and nothing happened.
''I was determined to get this woman in, and alas, it didn't work.''
Lambert throws his energy into getting their home spick-and-span for his birthday hooker.
Ali's father said he moved his children to their grandfather's house on the outskirts of Falluja for safety, but the area was hit in an American air strike.
He has a 9.45 earned run average in five games this season and is the last man in the Padres' bullpen, a long way from closer Trevor Hoffman.
The Turkish prime minister, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, has labeled this position unfair and discriminatory, since no referendum has been held on other countries joining.
Unsettling as all this might seem, the bark of these slick, aesthetic-minded works is far bigger than their bite.
''And I think it's going to continue to attract back offices from New York as well as front-line offices from New York.
After the gala, the two former leaders of the free world will be co-hosts of a Young Democrats reception at Dream, a Washington nightclub, along with two leaders of the hip-hop world: P. Diddy and the diabolical Biz Markie.
Provincials flocked to that capital, including provincial actors like Shakespeare.
The kitchen has been gutted and the entire house needs renovation, which could be done in conjunction with a move.
(If a gavel falls and nobody sees it, not even on C-Span, did the battleground state of Pennsylvania really re-nominate the president?)
As the 21st streaks along in its S.U.V.
The Malawi Health Ministry says it hopes to have sufficient aid to double health worker salaries by 2007.
Duhon gets every loose ball; he makes the extra rotation on defense and pushes the ball upcourt to start the fast break.
Anne Gannon, a Democratic member of the Florida House from Delray Beach, said she thought the bill would achieve final passage.
: a Blueprint for Saving Lives, Money and Gasoline.''
Mr. Niazi was not alone.
An annual travel insurance policy should cover you for damage or loss of damage up to $2,000.And always take crucial or expensive items along in your carry-on baggage.
It would have self-contained concessions when the stadium was used, and be an empty arena when not used.
The suit, filed in September 1999, alleged that the Police Department created a hostile environment for minority officers, who were disciplined in a discriminatory fashion and suffered reprisals when they complained.
''Now I have so much respect for people who work in the theater.
With an excellent cast, including John Ellison Conlee, Michael Countryman, Seana Kofoed, Jan Maxwell and Robert Stanton.
Beloved wife of Jacob Wolfgang; mother of Dorothy and Michael; grandmother of Lisa, Steven, Gregory and Karin.
Rather, I arranged for one of two trusted family friends to move into our home.
DISARMING IRAQ By Hans Blix 285 pages.
''This is the most important part of the 9/11 hearings,'' she said.
Nor can parents take much comfort from thinking that once they are past the elementary school stage things will improve.
Phelps wants to increase the visibility of swimming in the United States.
Afterward, Houston declared that he was ready to play Sunday against the Nuggets.
c. What did John Edwards’s aides say that he needed to demonstrate?
Correction Appended OWINGS MILLS, Md., Nov. 11 - In the linebackers' meeting room inside the Baltimore Ravens' practice facility this week, Mike Singletary tried to explain how grown men try to scare other grown men.
The things from the Pharmacy were stored in a building separate from the fire, and nothing was harmed.
(Viewers may be surprised to learn that even top New York advertising executives still say things like ''Think outside the box.''
His granddaughter Valentine Peigné-Crémieux was Nouy's first wife.
Gathering credits from community colleges in Vermont and Florida, she ended up with a two-year associate's degree in office technology and information processing.
Even before China, Thailand and Vietnam reported new outbreaks in chickens in the last few days, governments in bigger and more affluent countries were preparing for a possible pandemic among humans.
The area is being reconfigured around a greenway that is to be filled with parks, museums and other buildings.
And Grant Hill has made a remarkable comeback from career-threatening ankle surgery and is averaging 19.9 points.
''But their calculus is that you need someone new.
Or maybe, being a seasoned politician, he figured that he would do better to resort to the language of a civil rights campaign than to present himself as merely a confessed adulterer with a certain sexual preference.
The regular dinner menu, from which each of my three companions and I ate, is a $54.95 prix fixe that skews decidedly upscale.
Ms. Stewart replied, ''All his shares?''
In 2002, the economy fell 8.9 percent, and crumpled again in 2003, by 9.4 percent.
He greatly admires President Bush, though he says: ''My main difference with Bush is over the environment.
After I graduated from college, when I applied for a job at Paine Webber, I really had to sell hard.
A previous marriage was annulled.
Nashville defenseman Mark Eaton scored on a long slap shot at 4:48 of the second period for a 2-0 lead.
Assessing the effects of terbutaline in humans is hard because mothers who are given the drug are more likely to give birth prematurely, and their babies are already at higher risk for developmental problems, Dr. Slotkin said.
Concrete blast walls cast tall shadows over many neighborhoods.
''It's just not his style,'' said Thomas E. Mann, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution who is an expert on Congress.
The rule approved on Wednesday requiring greater disclosure of fees is a response to a settlement in February with 15 broker-dealer firms.
Officer Sanzone has been on the force since 1992, and Officers Hepp and Feola have been with the Police Department since 2000.
Mr. Cohen spent his early adult years as a television producer, working, among other places, at the ''CBS Evening News'' with Walter Cronkite and Dan Rather.
You can order moulard breast from D'Artagnan, 1-800-DARTAGN (1-800-327-8246).
Transforming Identity Maxwell Fine Arts, 1204 Main Street, Peekskill, (914)737-8622.
The strong clue, he said, was its 36 percent enrichment, a level that matches a kind of fuel used in certain Russian submarines and research reactors.
At 51, with a mop of curly black hair, he's still young in conductor years.
Other Information on the Web: The Human Rights Watch Web site offers detailed information about women’s rights in different regions of the world ( //www.hrw.org/women/ ).
Mr. Hubbard added: "We do believe the drugs are illegal and unsafe.
This program is merely an appetizer, however.
He mentioned that the group would press more immediately for Social Security survivor benefits, hospital visitation privileges and tax breaks for gay couples.
"Love Stories" is astoundingly well danced, and its stylized hip-hop section by Mr. Harris is a breakthrough in creative choreography.
The expenses, including round-trip transportation, were picked up by the school.
More than a decade ago, a subway train with a drunken motorman aboard barreled through a railroad switch in Union Square and derailed, killing five people and pushing transit officials to begin exploring options for automating their aging system.
I adhere to the theory that a group of hawks or neocons has hijacked this nation's foreign policy.
The sealing layer makes the prints waterproof; Mr. Lawson said it also plays a significant role in preventing premature fading.
It's right to take care of people when they hurt, and we're doing that.''
It was dawn before Cornwallis realized they were gone.
Both sides in this case are looking to appeals that will probably turn on the part of the antiterrorism law thrown out by Judge Collins in January.
"I sing the songs straight, with pride and dignity.
"These kids are obviously talented," Tusa said.
A two-bedroom chalet costs $100; double rooms are $34 to $75.
Dr. Samenow is expected to testify at Mr. Atkins's new hearing.
''This keeps it so that it's relatively independent, with each juror's scoring having an equal weight as any other juror's.''
We extend our deepest sympathy to her husband and entire family.
So far this camera has provided the most complete view.
You can tell the defense contractors by the art on the walls: achingly sensual black-and-white photographs of missiles and armored personnel carriers.
Prosecutors said their pursuit of the Bonannos, which has included persuading more than a half dozen family members to break the mob's code of silence and become informants, has led to a fraying of many of the old rules that governed the mob.
He sees the job as an exercise in complete humiliation, and training a painful example of corporate humorlessness.
To the Editor: If keeping my family safe from food-borne illness was as simple as washing my hands, my daughter would not have had a near-death experience with E. coli 0157:H7 in 1997.
Millennium Pharmaceuticals, a leader in genomics, has no drugs in clinical trials resulting from its own gene hunting.
At the time of the killing, one guard was supervising the 26 inmates in the unit who had been let out of their cells for lunch, and that guard failed to check that each prisoner had been locked back in his cell.
The most common arrival date in the city for this generation seems to have been 1947.
Pressed further on whether Mr. Codey's actions boded well for the prospect of real reform, he said, "It's too soon to tell."
The sentence imposed by Judge Susan Illston reflects a deal that Mr. Schneider, 53, made with the Justice Department and the Internal Revenue Service to cooperate in prosecuting his clients and associates and in seeking payment of the taxes the clients evaded.
The largest program set up to try to establish who might have been exposed is the World Trade Center Health Registry, created two years after the attack.
Perhaps this accounts for the strange sense of relief that comes over me when I leave Silich's office, as if I had just stepped out of a transparent universe that has succeeded in bypassing the problem of meaning altogether into a slightly more complex one that can be prodded into showing traces of authenticity.
Sheffield whiffed in the fifth on 95-m.p.h.
But Pete won 14 Grand Slam titles.
In about a month, the light also will be available at Selfridges department store in London.
"It felt like a dream!"
Keep your derision for when you see the film!'')
It could dazzle the international tourists and television audience.
It was not clear Monday how the state would go about scrutinizing the marriage application forms, what sort of action would be taken against defiant clerks or whether enforcement would be handled by district attorneys or the attorney general.
Mr. Perry is inspired by artists like Bosch, Van Eyck and Bruegel as well as by the work of Henry Darger, the Chicago outsider artist who lived on the outskirts of sanity and whose art included lurid and shocking scenes.
Last night, before President Bush spoke, spot checks of credentials in the hallways of the Garden were stepped up.
For one thing, there is a Multiple Listing Service that prevails in the suburbs but has not gained acceptance in the city.
He is the founder and the chairman of easyGroup.
PRINCETON UNIVERSITY ART MUSEUM ''Songs, Psalms and Praises: An 18th-Century Ethiopian Manuscript.''
I have her picture too.'''
Turning all this into a historically correct contemporary hotel proved a challenge for Bela Fejer, the man credited with the Gresham's renaissance.
Instead, oil prices mainly depressed consumption, eating into consumers' purchasing power.
To the Editor: I too once ''chafed'' under high gas prices (''Motorists Chafing Under a Steady Rise in Gasoline Prices,'' news article, March 6).
Mr. Hawkins attends art therapy classes there, and his portfolio shows sketches of faces, ranging from those he has seen in magazines to that of Abraham Lincoln.
For example, the service roads that are a critical component to making the L.I.E.
Teaching with The Times- Compare New York Times coverage of all the presidential and vice-presidential debates.
RATINGS -- Extraordinary, Excellent, Very Good, Good, Satisfactory, Fair, Poor.
After more food samplings -- including Frog Hollow's delicious grilled peaches wrapped in pancetta -- we pay a visit to the bakery of Rebecca Courchesne, the wife of Frog Hollow's founder, Al, for a slice of her apricot-cherry crisp.
The Niger reporting was never in any of the drafts of Secretary (Colin) Powell's United Nations speech and the committee has not uncovered any information that showed anyone tried to insert the information into the speech.
Though executives at CBS, part of Viacom, continue to decline to comment, several news organizations reported last night that Ms. Jackson, who has taken responsibility for what happened during the Super Bowl halftime show, had been dropped from the Grammy broadcast.
Interment at Nassau Knolls Cemetery.
In Crime and Punishment in American Literature, a course at Rutgers University this spring, Goines's debut novel, ''Dopefiend,'' will be taught alongside classics by Upton Sinclair, Herman Melville and Frederick Douglass.
The most possible seats were placed in inner-city Atlanta and rural areas, where the population is mostly Democratic, and the fewest possible were in suburban areas that are predominantly Republican.
A recent report by City Clerk Victor L. Robles found that City Hall lobbyists had earned a record amount -- $24.8 million -- to press their various issues last year.
British takeover rules would require Mr. Glazer to make a public offer for the company if his stake reached 30 percent.
Mr. Owen's pottery studio was our first stop in Seagrove.
Peter and Sandra Mazzadra of East Hartford brought a small Shaker box to the Civic Center to see what the bevy of appraisers sitting behind folding tables had to say about their treasure.
Friends, make that espresso a triple.
The opposition has supported economic sanctions imposed on Zimbabwe by the United States and the European Union, which Mr. Mugabe called two-faced for its disregard of people the party claims to represent.
An article in a recent edition of Law and News magazine called for reform and said corrupt officials ''resort to any means'' to hinder petitioners.
"Our numbers are good, and the voters are responding to our positive campaign," Mr. Ferguson said.
Krispy Kreme stock fell $1.59, to $13.77.
The poll's margin of sampling error was four percentage points.
Hotel managers, wary of offending their high-revenue customers, routinely deleted the extras.
Based in Bethesda, Md., Sutton Place operates about a dozen specialty food markets under the banners of Sutton Place, Hay Day Market and Balducci's.
The damaged building reopened in November 2003 after a $3.5 million rehabilitation by Prendergast Laurel Architects.
Now there are real reforms.
It is, for some, about class warfare and for others about democracy and the legitimacy of dissent.
Among the 130 pictures, from the late 1940's to 2002, are works by luminaries like Robert Capa, Henri Cartier-Bresson, Bruce Davidson and Susan Meiselas.
Here, Amélie Poulain, in ''Amélie,'' came to skip stones.
For more than half a century, Mr. Rockefeller lent his vision, his wisdom, his generous philanthropic support, and his unflagging enthusiasm to Memorial Sloan-Kettering to create what is recognized today as one of the premier cancer centers in the world.
But just as, say, Lubavitchers have beliefs that break with Orthodox Judaism, so the Newton fanatic has differences with mainstream Apple-istas.
"Pray don't think of me," the emotionally disabled Alice James wrote to her brother, the novelist Henry James, "simply as a creature who might have been something else, had neurotic science been born."
According to a report released by the state education department in 2002, about 25 percent of the budgets for Nassau and Suffolk school districts were spent on non-instructional expenses.
The “speaker” of the statements is DNA.
Towns (D) A A A 11.
He was a past president of the American Philosophical Association.
He is a son of Barbara and Downs Mallory of Jackson, Wyo.
Some investors, however, looked to the proposed $58 billion merger of J.P. Morgan Chase and Bank One announced Wednesday.
In the last election, it was the actor and comedian John Leguizamo who became a target for criticism after making off-color remarks at a political fund-raiser.
When an apartment in a multifamily home is rented out, he explained, ''the building is in effect treated as if it were two separate buildings -- one held for business purposes and one for personal use.''
''We've had to learn each other's language,'' he said.
But even experienced readers let their guard down when they follow a trusted friend's referral, he said.
Thomas R. Suozzi, the Nassau County executive, announced yesterday that it would be spent on a team of accountants to assess county agencies' operations and devise stricter controls.
''You've discovered a new author you think is marvelous.''
It was a scathing critique.
Around here, it always pays to stop at old cemeteries.
At around 8 the buzzer started ringing, and Mr. Gers, who works for Fremantle Media, which produces ''American Idol,'' scooted over to man the martini station, converted from its everyday use as Ms. Bowers's office.
Then there are those well-known writers who year after year are considered to be contenders only to be disappointed.
With David Jay Lasky in Los Angeles and Kari Haskell in New York
Manhattan Less than $300,000 East Midtown $245,000 155 East 49th Street Number of bedrooms: 0 Number of full bathrooms: 1 Number of half bathrooms: 0 Time on the market: 4 weeks 550-sq.-ft. studio co-op in a prewar building; 24-hr.
Coach Steve Stirling called it a positive development -- one that showed Kvasha had some ''fire in his belly.''
While the bulk of it is taken by private cargo planes, which generally carry larger packages and items the postal service marks for its Express "guaranteed" delivery, consumer airlines, like US Airways and Delta, bid for contracts to carry letters and smaller parcels alongside their passengers' bags.
"Nobody knows where it's going to go.
"Suckapillars" clean floors better than vacuum cleaners; "turmite" colonies eat dead leaves and other organic trash and turn out "cloth, paper, wallboard -- whatever you needed."
Diwali is the autumnal festival of lights, and traditionally a time to illuminate one's home with diyas -- earthenware lamps -- to welcome the goddess of prosperity.
Do they have any authentic role to play in the process of public discourse and debate?
''I think we all felt that 'Caroline' needed to be seen in that way.''
''I'm very happy and just sad the other things didn't fall like dominoes right behind it,'' said Kevin Burger, a friend who is also the project coordinator at Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia.
''Why didn't they want you?''
Last year, Torque released an album, ''103103,'' on the independent label Brandon Productions.
Farah also takes Buster to a bakery specializing in Pakistani treats, to her Islamic school and to the mosque where the students pray.
The railroad spokesman, Mr. Hollingsworth, insisted that there had been no need to investigate the failure to report the earlier deaths because a 1996 federal audit had found that ''our processes worked, and that our reporting was timely and accurate.''
He made his proposal after he spoke by telephone with Secretary of State Colin L. Powell, who said he had urged Mr. Kuchma to find a peaceful solution that would preserve a unified Ukraine.
Sather admitted last week that he was considering rebuilding.
He said he wanted to call six or eight additional witnesses, and was exploring the feasibility of having Gen. John P. Abizaid, commander of American forces in the Middle East, and L. Paul Bremer III, the American administrator in Iraq, testify, by videoconference if necessary.
Mr. Woodward's portrait of the secretary of state as dissenting from the hawks in the Bush war cabinet seemed to confirm what many believed inevitable, that Mr. Powell will not remain as secretary in a second Bush administration.
The defense lawyers stressed that their clients had sought advice from lawyers and accountants to review the terms of the deal, and each time were assured that it was legal.
Stick to the simple foods - roasted stuffed eggplant, calamari with tomato sauce, grilled octopus salad, any lamb dish, any grilled meat.
Though Mr. Close, 65, has made a career out of reconfiguring the human face, the landscape around his home -- summer wildflowers, autumn foliage -- is a vital inspiration.
But for all the bad publicity the European economy receives, it is not performing that poorly.
With an introduction by Donald Trump, the book, ''Jump In: Even If You Don't Know How to Swim,'' is to be published in February.
Since the increase in the use of Ecstasy, or MDMA, in the late 1990's as a ''party drug'' popular with young people, it has often been linked to Dutch laboratories.
The dog as man's best friend has an even longer history.
The exchange was the first time that a senior Chinese official had engaged in an online chat with ordinary citizens, but its improbably personal moments belied the restrictive government's tenuous relationship with the Internet.
It was a small brand and we had a small budget.
In the last two years, America's top manufacturers of surfing products have been making wet suits that are designed not just for warmth but also to keep the wearer looking buff and sexy.
''I will miss these facilities when I return this summer to China.''
Citigroup also pledged to increase employee training on Japanese banking laws and regulations and to set up an independent committee to monitor the bank's progress in improving its operations.
Reading the Bible and "Don Quixote" in her early teenage years riveted her to books, and, after joining her parents in the Bronx at age 19 in 1974, she enrolled in Lehman College in the Bronx.
In 1969 she scored a Broadway triumph when she took on the title role of ''Mame,'' which had been originated by Angela Lansbury.
Repairing Floyd's damage in Ossining required 54 separate projects, so detailed and complicated in nature that, Mr. McCrum said, he is still working on the FEMA applications five years later.
Which is why the White House is waging such a ferocious and unconscionable campaign of character assassination against Mr. Clarke.
Four of those winners -- Stephen Dunn, Yusef Komunyakaa, Paul Muldoon and C.K.
Other obesity researchers say Colorado's history makes it the perfect proving ground.
"This is not an election about parties," he said one evening in his opulent home in Mansour, the upscale neighborhood where the posters had appeared.
People easily forget that even a park like Central Park is totally artificial.
Page in the billionaires' club is Eric E. Schmidt, who was hired in 2001 to take over as chief executive, and now holds $1.5 billion worth of Google stock.
But he was upset that the Kings lost his countryman Vlade Divac to the Los Angeles Lakers as a free agent, and he was apparently angered by Chris Webber's off-season comments criticizing unnamed teammates for a lack of toughness.
OPINIONS may differ as to what constitutes a highlight at the Metropolitan Opera these days, but few disagreed last season about Karita Mattila's performance as Strauss's Salome, a tour de force of singing and acting.
Applications from out-of-state students are already down about 10 percent this year, said the admissions director, Ms. Schneider, who attributes the decline, at least in part, to the university's designation last year as the nation's No.
A woman 28 weeks pregnant suffered a miscarriage, officials said.
Republicans point out that Governor Bush is extremely popular and that during his tenure Florida's economy has not suffered nearly as much as that of other states.
And Mma Ramotswe is enlisted by a rich woman with four suitors to find out which if any would make a good husband.
Mr. Varner said he loved the idea.
"If the ridge hadn't been so steep," she said later that day in camp, "I'd have been dancing."
"He is very idiosyncratic," said Allen H. Meltzer, professor of economics at Carnegie Mellon University and longtime historian of the Federal Reserve.
The parishioners were being treated at local hospitals and were expected to recover, the authorities said.
Robert B. Remar, a member of the executive committee who said he supported Mr. Romero, said the group should take prompt action given new information about the government's position that the certification requires diligent compliance.
But it was runner-up to the rabbit with pappardelle.
If that troubles Mr. Mbeki, however, he hides it well.
It is a shame that racing needs slots to survive, but without new revenue, racing is done for.
''So, from that aspect, it was a nice positive.''
He is Mr. Branagh, not Sir Kenneth; he has not been knighted.
Mary, William, Maryann, Elizabeth, Matthew and Lourana, Regina and Andrew Hughes; Kathleen and Tim Mena; and Eileen Langsdorf.
Schenscher was the last man to leave the court Friday after signing autographs and smiling for pictures from fans.
A statement issued by China's government-run Xinhua News Agency today called the abductions a terrorist act and thanked Pakistan for its efforts to free the engineers.
Supplying custom-blended fuel to New York and Connecticut may also result in higher prices in neighboring states, since nearby refineries will have to focus on getting their mixtures right, limiting their capacity to produce other blends of gasoline.
In a way, Jock exists on the same hapless-but-lovable loser continuum as Jim, the everyboy hero of ''American Pie''; and his father is only degrees removed from Will, the selfish bachelor in ''About a Boy,'' whose life is programmed into half-hour chunks, the better to avoid entanglements.
Mr. Maysles's wife cooked the food, which was served buffet-style from great copper pots in the kitchen.
Taiwan is still struggling to find the money to pay for American weapons that President Bush approved for sale three years ago.
Bd3 10 Qd3 c6 11 O-O Be7, which gives White no more than an even game.
The furor echoed a scandal in which the Pemex union was accused of diverting at least $50 million to the presidential election campaign of Francisco Labastida, the losing candidate of the long-ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party in 2000.
The last few weeks have been given over to performing students' 12-tone compositions.
In the public sector, we don't have laws like that.
''At the worst, some officials in Congress did not support us but they did not in any way try to oppose the license,'' said Mr. Goldfield, who is with the firm Hogan & Hartson.
Why could not I (or anyone else on thatrailroad car) have simply said to the conductor, "Sir"-I take thatback: that sounds sarcastic-"Conductor, would you be goodenough to turn down the heat?
Finally, at a height of about 30 feet, it will be dropped, and the rover, encased in a cocoon of air bags, will bounce and roll for perhaps half a mile before coming to a stop.
He is also a managing madman who yells at opposing pitchers and threatens to scrap with his own players.
The rookie Trevor Ariza, who has been ineffective for the last few weeks, played 21 minutes, including half of the fourth quarter.
A Program 'in Disarray' In his own recent public remarks, Mr. Tenet has blended defiance with candor.
She also said no matter what his stature in Kiev and western Ukraine might be, Mr. Yushchenko's appeal had not been universal, and much of the country was against him, most notably the industrial interests in eastern Ukraine.
In New York, New Jersey and Connecticut, food banks -- which collect food from manufacturers and the Agriculture Department and distribute it to charities -- have reported an increased demand for food, particularly since 2001.
If it's not going to be amicable, it won't be amicable.''
Shell classified oil there as ''proven'' much earlier than its other partners and long before the Australian government had signed off on the project.
His diva of the moment is Zhang Ziyi (also the star of "Hero" and "The Road Home"), whose delicate facial features fill the screen and whose lithe movements animate the film's heady combat choreography.
''If the condominium board wanted to sell the condo's backyard, it couldn't do it without the unanimous consent of the unit owners,'' he said.
Contreras had just walked Bill Mueller on four pitches, one of the worst things a pitcher with such a cushion can do.
Trust for Philanthropy, a unit of the American Association of Fundraising Counsel, and compiled by the Center on Philanthropy at Indiana University.
"Before, we were not that serious, terrorism would not get that much importance, hate crimes would not get that much importance," he said.
When Bernie Williams came up with two outs in the second inning, Ponson had allowed only two hits and a walk to the previous 34 Yankees he had faced.
UNION COUNTY ARTS CENTER "Jazz Fest 2004," Bucky Pizzarelli with Earl May, Harry Allen and Warren Vaché Jr, Sunday at 6:15 p.m.
A. Worms, specifically roundworms: smooth, unsegmented, narrowly cylindrical invertebrates, which are pointed at both ends.
Ours was not the muscular, handsome young Brando who defined method acting in films like ''On the Waterfront.''
Rob Vandenheuvel, a spokesman for the House Ways and Means Committee, said the proposal had popped up twice before in other bills ''as a revenue raiser.''
Yet it was the seductive power of Mr. Sheffer's voice that had drawn them and a sellout crowd of 828 others to Symphony Space on Wednesday night, despite 9-degree weather and snow, for the opening night of the 20th season, and the 200th performance, of ''Selected Shorts.''
Still, it is unusual for legislators to take a position directly opposed to Mr. Arafat, who has refused to accept the resignation by the prime minister, Ahmed Qurei, on Saturday.
"No, I did not feel tired," Martínez said.
Along with his belief in strong international alliances to solve global problems, these form the backbone of his approach to making America more secure.
''Look into Iraq, Saddam,'' the president said testily and left us.
Still ahead are countless oh-my-gods and I'm-so-sorrys and you-must-be-kiddings.
The bride, 28, works in Manhattan as the director of fund-raising for the New York area for CARE, the international relief organization.
Joni Ashbrook, a League of Conservation Voters volunteer and a teacher from Austin, Tex., knocked on doors in new subdivisions around Orlando, Fla., to identify undecided voters and to make Mr. Kerry's case.
The first five articles and an audio report by Jim Yardley are online at nytimes.com/world.
11 13 8 BERGDORF BLONDES, by Plum Sykes.
Firefighter Gonzalez scaled nearby backyard fences, the police said, When the officer caught up with him, Mr. Gonzalez punched him, the authorities said.
That was a relief for the Yankees and a relief for Rodriguez.
For over 71 years, Bob Crystal was a respected friend, and we will miss him.
The drive is currently available with a U.S.B.
She remained a New York City resident until she moved to the Jewish Home for the Elderly in Fairfield, CT, 3 years ago.
I admire your skill and it would be good if you came to our team to play."
People with strong working-memory skills tend to rate high on intellectual aptitude, experts say, because analytical skills and creative thinking depend on this short-term-focused processor.
(He's a snob, too, glaring at Lady Chung's servant as if she were a dog chewing his new shoes.)
She added, ''I don't think there's any disagreement from the left or the right.''
Despite the New York Stock Exchange's dominance, electronic competitors have made inroads in recent years.
The institute owns the patent and Repligen is the exclusive licensee.
Otherwise, he said, "the airlines are going to need to designate quiet sections, like the quiet car they have on Amtrak for those who don't want to listen to cellphones."
And I know I'm moving forward.
In base trim, that Charger was propelled by a weak 2.2-liter four-cylinder.
He realized, Mr. Phyrr said, that they included armor belonging to Henry VIII that sounded a lot like the one at the Met.
But, unlike McMurtry, Proulx appears never to have brooded over the mythic West and its passing -- the lives she evoked so eloquently in "Close Range" just seemed hard and sad on their own terms, with no suggestion that their rigors might once been nobler -- so her swerve to comedy probably isn't informed, as his was, by a melancholy sense of historical irony.
Mr. Garrett said that those who worked in the ''ops center'' were ''like a family.''
After days of pressure from an unusually aroused and vocal public, he now appears to be groping toward a wiser course.
Films, like books, are obviously linear, with a specific, tightly defined story arc and specifically defined characters.
Adjusted basis, he said, is basically the purchase price plus the costs of the purchase (including closing costs) and any improvements to the house.
If Israel removes the obstacles Arafat has used to postpone elections — checkpoints and sieges that inhibit Palestinian movement, for example — he would have to acquiesce or risk losing what little remains of his credibility with the Palestinian people.
''Those two pitches are obviously the two that did the most damage,'' Glavine said.
"The only reason for this call was to tell you that despite all appearances to the contrary in this city you still have some friends," the CBS correspondent Marvin Kalb told Mr. Kissinger during a chaotic period in 1975 when President Gerald Ford had just stripped him of his title as national security adviser, which he had held simultaneously while serving as secretary of state.
To appreciate the reception Mr. Cheney received from delegates last night, it helped to have been in the hall for some of the other speeches, where a steady hum of conversation and bustle often made it difficult to hear the speakers.
When a baby sitter wouldn't let his little-boy owner stay up late to watch television, he threw her out the window.
That would be an event."
His character is named no less than Dane; Robin calls him a ''drunken womanizer moron,'' and he doesn't protest.
It acts unilaterally and calls it leadership.
The initiative by Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel to withdraw unilaterally from the Gaza Strip is the only promising feature on an otherwise troubled Israeli-Palestinian political landscape.
They're a little like those people who learn golf by never venturing onto a golf course but instead practicing at a driving range.
Now I learn that between 5 percent and 10 percent of the U.S. population between the ages of 40 and 60 suffer from it.
A 1935 Duesenberg Model J convertible sold at auction for $825,000 in the past year, despite not having its original engine.
the narrator says in the commercial, which will begin running on Monday on cable networks and in some local markets.
Yes -- but they shouldn't be mine.
The woman on the right said: ''Yesterday I was trying on my summer clothes, and nothing was fitting right.
The house, on Beacon Hill, provided collateral for a $6.4 million loan that kept his presidential campaign afloat last year.
Analysts said the third-quarter slowdown could make it more difficult to achieve the full-year 3.5 percent growth forecast by the government of Prime Minister Tony Blair.
"A driver has survival skills like when to turn to the right or when to turn to the left, when to turn on the gas," Roush said.
A 'Versailles' for Purchase The land occupied by PepsiCo in Purchase was a polo field when Donald Kendall, PepsiCo's co-founder, former chairman and chief executive officer, decided it was just the place for his growing company.
"LA CUCARACHITA MARTINA" ("MARTINA, THE LITTLE ROACH"), a tale about friendship, told in English and Spanish by the Los Kabayitos Puppet Theater tomorrow at 3 p.m. at Teatro SEA, second floor, 107 Suffolk Street, Lower East Side.
Numbered wristbands will be distributed at the Stadium from 6 to 9 a.m., and numbers will be randomly selected starting at 9:30 a.m. With a crowd of 48,454 last night, the Yankees finished the regular season with an attendance of 3,775,292, a franchise record.
But price controls short-circuit this system.
There are some clever moments.
They have made America less safe than we should be in a dangerous world.''
"They might run over a Democrat, but they won't run over a flag," he said.
We want to help couples, especially low-income couples, manage conflict in healthy ways.
"These people have been in the shelter since Thursday, so we're doing everything we can," said Nathan McCollum, the emergency management coordinator for the county.Yet the region was paralyzed by -- and consumed with -- the storm.
As for retiring from the group, he said, "I'm not ready."
This one is called Block 945, Lot 39, a vacant patch of ground where an angular and narrow street called Sterling Place intersects a boulevard called Seventh Avenue in the Borough of Brooklyn, County of Kings.
Temple Beth El of Cedarhurst records with profound sorrow the passing of Esther Max, wife of our retired Ritual Director, Rabbi Kalman Max.
Liability concerns drove many companies out of the vaccine business before Congress enacted a law in 1986 providing some protection to makers of childhood vaccines.
Joan was born in New York City on December 4, 1928, the daughter of William and Lena Flug.
The brutal race for the Second District, in the eastern half of the state, had been billed as one of the country's closest, but the incumbent Republican, Representative Rob Simmons, easily defeated Jim Sullivan, a former Norwich councilman.
The data also shows that leaving a company's guidance unchanged can hurt a stock's performance, just as it often is not good enough for a company only to match its earnings expectations.
Set in 1962, the show features Kim Crawford as the actress in conversation with Christine Jordan as a fictional radio star.
EDGE: Europe 8:40 a.m. EUROPE Paul McGinley / Luke Donald vs. UNITED STATES Chris Riley / Stewart Cink Solid putting strokes of Cink and Riley should be enough to win this match.
Your courage and commitment to friendship will never be forgotten.
The companies that offer retirement accounts to their employees, known as plan sponsors, have fiduciary duties to plan participants under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act to see that the portfolios are run with prudence and loyalty and without conflicts of interest.
''However, he still faces considerable financial challenges and fiscal prudence is still necessary.''
Mr. Hernandez was convicted of two counts of second-degree murder, and of first- and third-degree rape.
More troublesome was finding the right holding devices for transporting coins to the surface, despite Mr. Stemm's extensive hunt for solutions.
Equating the back-to-the-earth movement with Dr. Atkins and his 15 minutes of fame?
Now that's a good use of technology.
Nagl's scholarship helped earn him a post as a professor at West Point.
TO me, there is no important occasion, be it an anniversary, a religious festival or a simple coming together of friends, -- that does not beg for a meal to celebrate it.
They carry klezmer's itinerant, idea-gathering spirit all the way into present-day New York City, and with this show they'll have a dance floor to fill.
The antioxidants, which may help decrease blood pressure and improve circulation, according to preliminary study results released at a daylong session centered on the medical uses and developmental potential of the cocoa tree.
Responding to customer concerns about travel fraud, eBay last year introduced a rule requiring all sellers of air, lodging, cruises and vacation packages to register with SquareTrade, a seller-verification and dispute-resolution company, which is privately owned.
People like Mr. Wakeel and Mr. Hussein are the kind of middle-class Iraqis that the Americans are relying on to help them rebuild the country, with livelihoods already rooted in the principles of free-market capitalism.
Mr. Edwards emerged from seclusion to throw himself into politics and public life with a vengeance.
The American diplomat says the swindle appears to have been picked up by copycats who have grown more sophisticated of late.
For now, the military is contemplating reinforcements not withdrawals.
Mathematicians like Dr. Larry Wos of Argonne National Laboratory use ''automated reasoning'' computer programs: they enter axioms and the computer sifts through logical possibilities in search of a proof.
Officials noted, however, that September was typically a slow month for overseas arrivals and that Thursday was typically a quiet travel day.
He advises clients to bid on an apartment as soon as they have an interest, but then ask for another look before they sign a contract.
At Ewing High School in Mercer County, Shelly Dearden will be returning to the school where she coached girls basketball for 14 years in the 2001-02 season.
Both Mr. Bush and Mr. Kerry favor private companies playing a major role in health care delivery.
Husband of Jody, daughter Erica, sister Aleta Cane and parents Beulah and Herb Feinsod.
In his book ''The Brothers Reuther and the Story of the U.A.W.
The new law does not remove the mandate to provide the information to the City Council.
Lafayette holds the overall edge, 72-62-5, but has lost eight of the last nine.
"I grew up in big cities and was taught to be on my guard and watch out," Mr. Granski said.
Tonight through Sunday at 8 p.m. Joyce SoHo, 155 Mercer Street between Houston and Prince Streets, SoHo (212) 334-7479.
Then I went to the dining hall, where students were playing guitar and singing, students were baking bread, students were typing new journal entries on typewriters, students were reciting the poem they had committed to memory while climbing Mount Washington: ''The Poem That Took the Place of a Mountain,'' by Wallace Stevens.
Joan Mansfield paused to lean on her shovel.
CHILDREN'S AID SOCIETY 105 East 22d Street, New York, N.Y. 10010.
She's a friend of mine, but I still won't make one for her.
Shortly before the invasion began, Col. Michael D. Formica, the Army commander responsible for cutting off access to the city, seemed jubilant as he congratulated his commanders in a radio conference call.
The recent wave of investigations involving A.I.G.
The Kremlin leaders -- Stalin in particular -- were now compelled by a combination of their fears and dreams to work ''in patient but deadly struggle for total destruction of rival power.''
During its long years of exile, the African National Congress vowed to nationalize the mines.
Behind the scenes, Mr. Rangel had urged Nielsen to postpone the change to people meters until questions about them could be addressed.
Musicians came from Harlem and brought their creativity to the Bronx.
"I love the big malls, the diners.
"If you had said to me six months ago I can have Gonzales or Ashcroft, it wouldn't have been a hard choice."
''It has the potential to price some people at the lower end of the economic spectrum out of the ability to drive,'' Mr. Friedman said.
Hotchner, who founded the Newman's Own food company with his close friend Paul Newman, says he is usually unmoved when he spots a shopper in a grocery store picking up a Newman's Own jar of spaghetti sauce or salad dressing.
Government officials have arrested 10 people in the shooting, saying they are linked to Gulbuddin Hekmatyar, an Islamist allied with the Taliban.
Roy M. Prendergast, in his book ''A Neglected Art,'' quotes Elmer Bernstein on the evocative quality of the music: ''The film portrayed a man falling in love with a ghost: The mystique was supplied by the insistence of the haunting melody.
Peter Bacanovic (1984): Financial adviser to Martha Stewart (Barnard, 1963).
The equally lavish interior includes a grill room that imitates the ''tween decks'' of an old ship, with curved open beams across the ceiling and walls that incline inward, as a ship's hull would.
Agency experts became convinced that the Iranians must have received the same designs for an advanced centrifuge, known as the P2, that the Libyans had.
Son received a shock when he returned the car.
They must take 28 hours of classes a week and spend nearly as many on homework.
unit that regulators say were done to strengthen the appearance of its clients' financial statements.
His sculptures are in the permanent collections of museums including the Museum of Modern Art and the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum.
Ousting the defending champion and the last American in the men's draw, Johansson outlasted Roddick, 6-4, 6-4, 3-6, 2-6, 6-4, at Arthur Ashe Stadium, moving into a semifinal match tomorrow against Lleyton Hewitt.
To make room for Wheeler, the Astros designated David Weathers, the former Mets' relief pitcher who went to Houston in June for Richard Hidalgo, for assignment.
''We're in the business of advising large companies on how to hire well, so not only was this causing problems for our own business but it was embarrassing.''
On Ortiz's two critical hits in Game 3, he proved that.
The plotting is every bit as needlessly opaque, necessitating long, static sequences in which the characters fill one another in on the story and still manage to leave the viewer behind.
The judge in the case denied a request to move the trial from New York to Mississippi, where Mr. Ebbers lives and where WorldCom had offices before it filed for bankruptcy two years ago.
In Johannesburg, much of downtown, including the stock exchange, has been abandoned to squatters and drug gangs.
Clearly formalism is a key ingredient in her concept, but formalism with an ironic twist.
For that reason, they haven't experienced the sort of drops in attendance that comparable owners have,'' he added.
And then it spread; the next day it was from my neck down.
On Friday, several Roma said the new welfare rules here might, in fact, make them more likely to try to find a home elsewhere.
ABB, the Swiss engineering giant, is also interested in a deal with the company's turbine business, said its chief executive, Jürgen Dormann, in an interview published in the German daily Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung.
John Daly buried his face in his hands and cried, a winner again thanks to a shot that epitomizes his turbulent career.
Built around a courtyard, it has a glass atrium as well as a health club, playroom, shuttle bus to the subway station and concierge services.
So even if you could come up with roughly $2,400 for a white calfskin handbag, where would you carry it?
Currently, 87 percent of WestJet's 3,700 employees own shares; they spend an average of 13 percent of their salaries on stock purchases.
Is it possible that Dean Skelos, the State Senate's deputy majority leader, is being targeted by Mr. Suozzi because he actually served his constituency?
It is an intellectual high.
''They have got to go in there and I mean really go in.''
New York City has been taken over by another, more prestigious (if no more meaningful) televised ceremony.
John Dempsey, the owner, and his chefs, including Josh Eden and Eric Hubert, both from Jean-Georges Vongerichten's empire, use top ingredients like homemade marshmallow fillings and good chocolate coatings.
"Whoever you select,," Minaya said, "you don't know how he is going to turn out."
The instrument is shaped just like the pig cookers, rectangular with an opening on the top (there are no handles, but the Cajita China is played with two sticks).
The daughter of a man who marched to Montgomery with the Rev.
Someone quit a secure position and accepted Baylor's last summer, soon after the guts of what had to be the most stomach-turning scandal in college basketball history spilled out across the country in horrifying headlines.
He said other politicians facing impeachment, including Evan Mecham of Arizona in 1988, have negotiated ways to cooperate with legislatures precisely because they respect their power to impeach.
In Book One of ''The Donovan Legacy,'' a screenwriter asks a bewitching woman for assistance.
The Royal Court Theater production presented by St. Ann's and David Eden Productions Ltd., in association with Baryshnikov Dance Foundation.
The Great Backlash, as Mr. Frank calls it, ''is a working-class movement that has done incalculable, historic harm to working-class people.''
American officials are battling a general sense of hopelessness that leads many young Iraqi men to take up arms against United States troops, out of anger or for hire.
Mr. Kenedy's wife, Elena, followed that example upon her death in 1984 through the creation of a trust.
''Progress is not rapid enough,'' because each day 8,000 people are dying from AIDS, the report said, while asserting that the slow start still would generate enough pressure to speed the effort later.
"Then in the morning when I get there, all I have to do is pull the cup off and the blossom will open in 5 to 10 seconds."
''The guy made a mistake when he silhouetted himself against the rooftop,'' said Sergeant Davis, who has 20/10 vision.
Terrorism is a tactic -- and so to declare war on terrorism is equivalent to Franklin D. Roosevelt's declaring war on blitzkrieg.
Through its Let Justice Roll antipoverty network, the National Council of Churches said it had registered more than 100,000 voters, with 40,000 in Oregon.
With that in mind, these agencies have used money received from the Neediest Cases Fund in support of volunteer programs.
"I would like to think that kind of flying may be just as dangerous," he said.
Most of my favorite bits of city life were discovered on my bike -- the little smoothie shop I love in Inwood, the ghostly side street in Bedford-Stuyvesant that pleases me with its distinctly urban stillness.
Mr. Ashcroft was questioned by Commissioners James R. Thompson, Slade R. Gorton and Jamie S. Gorelick, among others.
A historian as well as an artist, Mr. Künstler incorporates as much meticulously accurate detail as possible.
This leaves the two sides evenly matched and means the liberals could have the deciding vote.
With ''Gobble, Gobble, Slip, Slop,'' So used rice paper for her watercolor-and-ink work, which adds to the folkloric flavor of the story.
The bill will now be sent to President Bush, who has indicated he will sign the measure into law.
''I always told my mother I wanted to stay a New England spinster,'' he said from behind the bar at the Post Office Cafe.
He writes here as an activist and a cultural participant who has produced two CD's and acted in two "Matrix" films.
Did the encounters with the skunk and the bear lead them to swear off road trips?
If there is any place in the country that could be forgiven for letting fear guide its politics, it is New York.
It's a tool that law enforcement now uses to be able to talk between each other.
But the Red Sox are so good this year, you have to try.
The United States will travel to Guatemala for a game on Sept. 7, then to Costa Rica for a game Oct. 8 or Oct. 9 before playing its final game, at home against Panama.
Several advisers said they argued that an attack by Mr. Kerry at this point might be a welcome distraction to the White House, and make it easier to portray the criticism voiced by Mr. Clarke as orchestrated by the Kerry campaign.
Pitcher Tim Wakefield, the longest-tenured Red Sox player, said he knew of a chant that would never be repeated, at Yankee Stadium or anywhere else.
Primary Stages at 59E59 Theaters, 59 East 59th Street, (212) 279-4200.
They come on top of 7,000 jobs SBC plans to cut this year as well.
''They may start rising against the government.''
In the Middle East, he was stationed at Camp Doha, Kuwait, while many of the soldiers he had trained in computer and communications systems worked at Baghdad International Airport.
Interdisciplinary Connections: Civics- Create an oral report outlining the World Trade Organization’s decisions on the trade of genetically modified organism.
Contributions may be made to Yale University, St. John's Episcopal Church, or a charity of one's choice.
In that event, every state would be forced to recognize any relationship that judges in Boston or officials in San Francisco choose to call a marriage.
The company's net loss widened to $102 million from $80 million a year earlier, when it was in bankruptcy.
''It's putting customers back on the street, so places like Martin Luther King Drive are experiencing renewed retail interest, largely coming from the new two-family homes.''
American officials say they believe that Mr. Mohammed was the person who actually killed Mr. Pearl.
Sometimes, when he particularly likes the way his bandmates end a tune, he will start them up again and have them play it several more times, guffawing gleefully each time.
''This,'' he said, ''hopefully speeds things up.''
Its sales practices are also the subject of an investigation by the New York State attorney general, Eliot Spitzer.
Venezuela's economy grew more than 10 percent for a second consecutive quarter, as President Hugo Chávez tapped into surging oil proceeds to increase government spending.
Last week, the Kerry campaign formally asked Sinclair for equal time to respond to the film, a move that could lead the Federal Communications Commission to consider whether to order the stations to allow a response.
Tyutin, 20, had not played since spraining knee ligaments in the minor leagues on Jan. 8.
Though deer are not particularly fond of autumn clematis, autumn clematis is not particularly fond of partial shade.
Conceding Rebels Control Regions of Iraq; U.S.
Ian Shepherdson, the chief United States economist for High Frequency Economics, said that he was surprised by the big drop of $9.6 billion in the net income flows earned by American investors overseas.
''Anyone else here having sleep problems?''
The survey drew on an unusually large sample size because of the difficulty in drawing an accurate sample given the lack of census data or previous electoral experience.
''It's a statement of culture and values and not to be taken lightly,'' she said.
88 songs and Barber's Op.
Frost said that he began the study in the spring after seeing a spurt in the availability of generic drugs that had escaped the attention of most AIDS authorities and health officials.
The girl, Ghadeer Jaber Mokheimer, is said to be in stable condition; the army said its troops opened fire in the area after being attacked by Palestinian mortar shells, and said it was investigating the shooting.
Mr. Islam had last traveled to the United States in May; it was not clear when he was added to the list.
Gradually, a narrative of the couple's lost hours emerged.
But even as they trigger your tear ducts, you wonder if your emotional buttons have pushed been too hard and too often just to squeeze out an extra drop of sympathy.
Meanwhile, John Edwards outrageously used Reeve's death to offer false hope that paralyzed people like him would "get up out of that wheelchair and walk again."
sent an AIDS specialist in August to see what could be done for the infected children, and in October, a group of E.U.
There is nothing wrong with any man anywhere, the opera's moral suggests, that can't be remedied by a nice, hardy Italian girl.
By John Sperling, Suzanne Helburn, Samuel George, John Morris and Carl Hunt.
It was her decision to include the band members' reactions to the killing of a fan on the stage of a concert at the Altamont Speedway in Livermore, Calif., the site of the tour's last concert.
''The targeting of urban centers may have been morally repugnant,'' though Schoenfeld doubts that it was, ''but given the inherent inaccuracy of nighttime bombing it was also unavoidable.''
Opinions on Ives have always been split, with some listeners regarding him as, at best, an entertaining eccentric, and others lauding him as the most influential American composer of his age (a view offered in the current edition of the New Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians).
The bombings seemed to be another turning point in the already terrifying violence that has racked Iraq since the American-led invasion last year.
The archly named Be Still My Heart ($8.95) piles German potato pancakes with poached eggs, bacon, sausage and melted cheese.
Grimy and water-stained, it nonetheless had architectural grace that fulfilled Ms. Karim Kassar's desire for ''an old home, one where I could see myself staying for a while.''
They handed him a broom and told him to sweep up the manure in the square and carry it to the town dump in his velvet hat.
Mr. Alam said he was also campaigning for a shed at Kennedy International Airport, where he said drivers pray in the middle of a lot, but had yet to receive support from the Taxi and Limousine Commission.
Would require insurers to cover mental health treatment.
Perhaps it's time for the government to devise a campaign encouraging responsibility on the Internet.
Students attended classes in 18 modular trailers parked on tennis courts during the renovation of Tillinghast Hall, which began in June 2001.
Analysts and experts say the challenges loom large for venerable marketers to regenerate interest in their aging brands of soft drinks, toothpaste, snacks, detergents, soaps and other prosaic packaged goods.
An article in the special Wireless Living section on Tuesday about a project to expand free access in Austin, Tex., misspelled the surname of a project leader.
At the top of most lists of important 60's architects is Paul Rudolph, the dean of Yale's architecture school from 1958 to 1965.
Per-share profit was 29 cents higher than the average estimate of 21 analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call.
''Charlie had such a video mind,'' Mr. Boal recalled wryly.
Evola wrote about the Holy Grail, about esoteric belief and magic, but in the 1920's and 30's he tried to influence both Italian Fascism and German Nazism.
Boeing, Chicago, the maker of commercial aircraft, won a $425 million order for two cargo airplanes from China Airlines, Taiwan's largest carrier.
Repeated images can condition our expectations; after seeing the 9/11 footage of two airliners crashing into the World Trade Center, many of us watching a plane in the sky came to expect that it would hit something.
Army and Marine helicopter gunships and Air Force A-10's and B-1's provide air power.
As many people in Iraq have observed, democracy can be messy, and the flourishing of free speech at the university has led to new political and religious tensions.
"I didn't know they could arrest you for that."
ETA has killed more than 800 people since 1968 in its effort to establish an independent Basque state.
At the 1964 Metropolitan Championships, the South cards in the diagramed deal were held by Edgar Kaplan.
"I found it so convoluted I gave up," says Alex Campos, a management consultant in London who repeatedly tried to register using the Pentagon program, without success.
But the political handiwork needed just to end the shuttle program would be significant, requiring major assaults on entrenched interests: When up and running, the spaceport in Florida employs some 14,000 people and each year pumps $1.4 billion into the state's economy.
"This was a compromise worked out to correct the most egregious parts of the system."
To celebrate the agreement and preview Xanadu, the chief executives of the joint venture that will develop the complex gathered with celebrities including the model Christie Brinkley and the television personality Chris Harrison in the parking lot of the Continental Airlines Arena.
On Dec. 9, the Indonesian Navy seized the Mongolian-flagged MV Bravery Falcon for not having any documentation to prove that its load of 17,000 cubic meters of tropical hardwood had been legally logged.
Mario M. Cuomo stayed there while serving as lieutenant governor and secretary of state, Mr. McEneny said.
Combine ingredients in small bowl, and stir well.
The tax cuts signed into law by Mr. Bush in May 2003 were euphemistically dubbed the Jobs and Growth Act.
Ms. Taddeo says it would be ''just fine'' if her staff swam, but the staff sees things through a different lens.
Not everyone uses soft drink cases to make sukkot.
It also uncovered surprisingly strong sentiment for living in or near revitalized and rediscovered downtown areas.
His taut legs resemble steel scissors.
He used his sexual conquests as pawns in his larger game: one of his mistresses was Lucy Hale, the daughter of an abolitionist senator from New Hampshire.
A media executive who has known Mr. Malone for years said that it was important to him to turn over a strong company to his sons.
She is survived by daughter, Sarah, and son, Leo.
Berly Feliz chose to come here illegally knowing the ramifications of that choice.
Mr. Wagner said the encounter lasted about 15 minutes, and the two never exchanged names.
Kenseth, who went into the race third in the points standing, missed 42 laps before returning and finished 39th.
Large wineries, especially in Catalonia, have multilingual staff, but in other regions, like Ribera del Duero, you may not find English speakers.
Wouldn't we all love such tax-code mercies?
Why?” After allowing students a few minutes to write, ask them to share their responses.
By mid-February, the State Department is to submit to Congress guidelines for accommodating North Korean asylum seekers who present themselves at United States consulates and embassies.
But at heart, many Americans who made up Mr. Bush's majority said they voted not on one issue or another, but out of a less tangible sense of values.
She'll be performing that music here, in duets with the pianist Ed Simon.
''Many of the existing drugs can be prescribed for short-term use, such as 14 days,'' he said.
But the agent described to the jurors the sheik's trip to Italy after he left Brooklyn and met with people identified as terrorists.
Michal said she was deeply touched by the project, not only because of what she learned about her organization but also by the presentations of her classmates.
Only about 40 people were at the bar, hardly the throngs that gather for A-list celebrities in designer gowns.
As the capabilities of our many enemies make clear, America must be agile, adept and willing to adapt in order to win the war on terror.
She broke into a broad smile and let out an easy, deep laugh when talking about the crazy rough-and-tumble of Jersey City politics, and about how her acting career was derailed.
The football squad at South Bronx High School practices in donated New York Jets jerseys on a beautiful, three-year-old $3 million athletic complex behind the school on St. Ann's Avenue in Melrose.
BASSIN--Alexander, Ph.D. An impasse had been reached by the early sixties.
There are faith-at-work newsletters and blogs and books with titles like "God@Work," "Believers in Business" and "Loving Monday."
Then there's the martini list, a walloping 75 entries with names and ingredients as campy as a 1960's sitcom -- Dreamsicle, Disco Daze, Banana Bomb.
I took a deep breath.
I wish he would have stayed in the job (and eaten his heart out for another four years) to help the country avoid another administration ideologue's taking his place.
The precariousness of Shiite support for the occupation forces has been further underscored by opposition from Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani, Iraq's most revered Shiite cleric, to American plans for creating a transitional government by July 1.
Adding to the momentum for greater debt relief, Treasury Secretary John W. Snow said for the first time that the United States would consider 100 percent debt relief when it met with its partners in the Group of 7 wealthiest industrial nations this week.
A healthy diet does not slow presbyopia, and eye exercises are virtually worthless.
They took up the milking and the plowing where the former owners left off.
In the Maserati Quattroporte, Mr. Stephenson decided that the company would offer a gray ''titanium style'' substance.
''AT 62, it had never occurred to me to date,'' Terrence McNally said, ''but God had other plans.''
These accomplishments were possible because a committed team of public servants made huge political sacrifices for the benefit of their children.
After a long discussion with an American visitor, Imam Kubaisy posed a question about how his counterparts might fare in the West.
He is scheduled to face trial in Florida in February on the charges.
His death, which came after a long illness, was announced by the University of Wisconsin, where he was an emeritus professor of Afro-American studies.
The Meeting House was financed by a local Colonial-era tax but there was no money left for a separate tower.
According to county Health Department figures, of the new H.I.V.
"This is where we decide everything that goes on in this town," said Mort Orinstein, 70, one of the early-morning regulars, as he sipped coffee the day before the shop closed.
While there is no question that Apple is the leader in selling downloadable songs, there is debate about how the rest of the market is divided.
Judge May Punish MCI Over Fees The judge who presided over the Securities and Exchange Commission's fraud suit against MCI threatened to punish the company for not receiving approval from a monitor before paying fees to lawyers, accountants and other professionals.
And with most of the summer's big R-rated movies already in theaters, he doubted that would happen.
InterActiveCorp has already bought Hotels.com, Expedia, Hotwire and other online travel companies.
Mr. Nwidor pronounces the sentence as if it were a happy one, obscuring its meaning.
"Kids there are really, really competitive," said Ariel, who now lives in Manhattan and will see publication of her humorous debut novel, "Help Wanted, Desperately" (Avon Trade), next month.
How do we know they're good?
She is talking to several networks about serving as host to some reality shows and has already agreed to be the host of "Fantastic Voyage," the first reality show on Logo, the new gay channel, about a gay cruise.
But they are usually less critical when their vehicles perform well.
Do you trust law enforcement to do what is right?''
He said that the problem was that, because he now drives faster, he lost 10 miles a gallon in fuel economy and, even worse, is now trailed by clouds of black smoke.
Tucson is celebrating the diamond fair, which can't be bad.A traveller in diamonds offered to swap his case for mineand we both laughed a lot about this.
There is also fascinating correspondence with public figures like Winston Churchill, P. G. Wodehouse, Theodore Roosevelt and Oscar Wilde.
"These are not appropriate options."
The massacre took place, fittingly, at a plaza commemorating the Tlatelolco battle in which the Spanish conquistadores defeated the last Aztec emperor, Cuauhtémoc.
But because organizers need to sign up a dozen or so houses each year, and because they depend on help from brokers, who volunteer and buy ads in elaborate show programs, house tours have become an ingredient of many town house sales campaigns.
''He is in complete control of the situation,'' said his first deputy, Alaudin Bokov, according to Ingushetia's Web site.
''I don't believe in being gay, but I don't hold it against him,'' said the stepdad.
George Gadda, who heads the writing programs at the University of California at Los Angeles and presides over the SAT writing-development committee, admits that teachers who are harried or overly concerned about results are "apt to hook onto something they believe will guarantee some success."
Democrats described the resolution as a fanciful plan that was nearly as bad as the White House budget in ignoring the dire fiscal problems the nation will face as baby boomers begin to retire after the turn of the decade, straining Social Security and Medicare at the same time that Mr. Bush intends for his tax cuts to be made permanent.
He noted that the telecommunications and utility grid under this downtown corridor has also been rebuilt: 200,000 miles of telephone cable; 5,000 miles of fiber optic cable; and 29 miles of water, sewer, gas, steam and electric lines.
Ayad is a smiley boy but sometimes he flies into rage.
Expenditures last month included more than $2 million for postage and mailings and more than $987,000 for staff and consultants, PoliticalMoneyLine said.
They show that during his time in the National Guard, Mr. Bush blew off his regular, required service when it suited him but left himself enough time to make up for service missed to qualify for his early release from the military.
Frank Clement's controversial prison-reform program, which emphasized rehabilitation.
The company moved in the spring to new space in East Windsor after qualifying for the state's Business Employment Incentive Program, which could be worth up to $950,000 over the next 10 years.
), but about the latter-day practice that its title suggests.
The listing requires countries to conduct scientific studies affirming that commerce in the giant predators will not threaten their survival.
No, she doesn't rival the impeccable polish of her predecessor, Donna Murphy.
The boy's mother doesn't want him to look at bad things like car accidents.
Taylor does not slight the terrible human toll of Dresden.
They're going to kill me if I go back, and I'm not looking to die right now."
In countries with such plans, relationships between patients and providers generally lack the adversarial atmosphere found in this country, and thus such legal proceedings are much less common.
The suspended game will resume Sunday, with the regularly scheduled game to follow.
The fish is filleted when it is done, and served with a scant saucing of lemony butter and a scattering of toasted almonds.
When you Americans say, 'We don't want Arafat,' we Palestinians have to want him.''
But those weren't the only reactions Berlin aroused.
At Hunts Point in the Bronx, the wind picked up.
It has been reported that she once made a killing at the gaming tables of Deauville and then turned around and used the money to buy herself a turn-of-the-century chateau.
Now we'll see whether the House can muster the political courage to follow suit.
The Darling By Russell Banks 392 pages.
The immediate closing of Abu Ghraib prison is a step we can take now to indicate our commitment to solving the problems of Iraq's past and present.
In the Edna Kawulitzki Gallery through Oct. 29.
At her swearing-in, all six of her fellow Democratic council members walked out.
Dinner for two with wine is about $70 to $95.
''I don't like being snooped on.
Sponsored by Sorrento Cheese and other businesses.
All the items are donated, and the event is organized and staffed by scores of volunteers.
One jaw-dropping spread, by the Italian photographer Antonio Martinelli, shows a hotel reception room furnished with tables and chairs carved of Belgian crystal.
Thanks to Mr. Brody's appealing acting -- and perhaps aided by the fact that the character is closest in voice to the show's creator and executive producer, Josh Schwartz -- Seth all but hijacked the series last year.
He does all the little things that go unseen."
''Don't shoot the mosque,'' said Maj. Doug Ollivant, operations officer of the First Battalion of the Army's Fifth Cavalry.
It is unclear if the litigation will cause a delay in the law, which is set to go into effect in August.
Folke (Mr. Norstrom) is an expert from the Swedish Home Research Institute, part of a project to track the domestic habits of Norwegian bachelors.
It took two heart attacks and a pile of garbage for him to revisit his old songs, but with help from some sympathetic fellow sidemen, Mr. Norman has released "Little Pieces," his first album in more than a decade, and the first to have wide distribution.
Joshua Ketover is a Long Island lawyer specializing in personal-injury work who has never held an elected office, but the Nassau County executive, Thomas R. Suozzi, named him on Monday as his choice to run against one of the state's most powerful politicians.
The only major concession to the building's history occurs on the ground floor.
In a memo to top administration officials, Mr. Bremer recently advised that fighting the Kurds over their demand for the greatest possible autonomy might infuriate them and upset political stability in the north.
It is also the real-life situation of Jamal al-Harith, Bisher al-Rawi, Mozzam Begg and Ruel Ahmed.
At Euro RSCG, part of Havas, Mr. Bess will be based in the Chicago office, which is being renamed Euro RSCG Chicago from Euro RSCG Tatham Partners.
Later Mr. Torres offered yet another comparison for his product.
As the Parliament voted on each of several resolutions, the crowd roared, chanting "Yushchenko is our president!"
's are calling in and asking for shots," he said.
After legal formalities were concluded, the three prisoners were carried on a hurdle past jeering spectators to the execution ground at Tyburn, where a crowd was waiting to watch them be hanged, cut down alive, castrated and torn limb from limb.
-When did the ice age begin?
Regardless of the influence of sponsorships, the formula seems to be working.
May her entire family be comforted among all who mourn for Zion and Jerusalem.
Her father is the senior rabbi at the Touro Synagogue and an adjunct professor of Jewish studies at Tulane.
"We are very much concerned about the situation, particularly given the role, and the scope of the role" played by these groups, the spokeswoman for the United Nations mission in Sudan, Radhia Achouri, said by telephone from Khartoum.
"It is all about focus: We all lead busy lives, especially international people."
Certainly, the once-clubby Manhattan real estate industry is going more corporate.
's big American bucket, whereas they are a crucial part of the American Suzuki Motor Corporation's strategy to triple its sales here by 2007, to 200,000 a year.
"I'll go to a club out here, and the music is so loud, I feel the purpose is not to talk to each other.
Wordstock What would Rutherford's (and perhaps New Jersey's) most famous poet, William Carlos Williams, have made of all this?
Her knowledge ran deep -- too deep, it seems, for the comfort of Indonesia's top intelligence officer.
''So my friend and I are in this class with all these adults,'' Ms. Silverman said.
Ms. Ifill You have 30 seconds to respond.
This method has risk, though.
"Maybe, I don't know, I don't really think that much about it," said Mussina, who might be the Yankees' most pivotal player this fall.
Aspiring comedians can't go out in the evenings because that's when they're performing.
Then she was named to the Associated Press all-American first team, also for the second straight year.
Alternatively, Yukos's Eastern Oil subsidiary could be sold as compensation for the government tax claim.
[Not to be reproduced without the permission of the author.]
Dr. Steinberg acknowledged Mr. Sillerman's role but said it should not be overstated.
Then these stories dive into young minds and percolate there, shaping future scientists and giving them dreams, visions, plans.
Ovarian cancer, which causes about 14,000 deaths a year in the United States, is now diagnosed with a test for a single protein called Cancer Antigen 125.
She started writing after her two daughters entered nursery school.
You might submit your similar column regularly to your school newspaper for publication.
"Even if the people don't support Moktada, they will join him if the Americans come into the city," Mr. Muttalib said.
''All the big city mayors have the problem guns on the streets.
Today, a comparable property in Chelsea might list at $1.35 million to $1.45 million, said Pamela D'Arc, a senior vice president at Stribling & Associates.
Instead, they depict children who must ''come to terms,'' ''cope with'' and ''work through'' harsh realties.
The men were captured during a raid carried out in Baghdad on Wednesday by American soldiers, the officials said.
The only question is whether Alan Greenspan will be able to hit the right balance -- stern enough to keep inflation in check without applying a brake to growth or panicking the financial markets.
In my experience, gourmet restaurant chains are not always successful.
That conclusion came after a traumatic decade -- the Kennedy assassination; the Vietnam disaster, which including the assassination (with no direct C.I.A.
"It's a little bit facile of our author friends to suggest that they've been ignored or dissuaded," Stuart Applebaum, a spokesman for Random House, said in an interview.
The intelligence agent, Muhammad Reza Aghdam Ahmadi, was acquitted on Saturday of the ''semi-intentional murder'' on the grounds of a ''lack of proof.''
''There's a big difference between 110 and 120 degrees,'' Mr. Dickinson said later.
In the end ''Code 46'' proposes a stark choice between comfort and freedom, between the managed abundance of Shanghai (and Seattle, where William lives with his wife and son) and the anarchy and danger of afuera.
US Airways owes $717 million on loans guaranteed by the government.
The ethics inquiry began in June 2003 after the field office rejected an environmental assessment of Barrett's first proposal for drilling seven wells.
But the roads of the high Alps, where next July's Tour will be won or lost, are covered in snow and ice right now.
Unlike many top Palestinian officials, who tend to live well, Mr. Barghouti became a symbol of steadfastness and suffering -- a symbol, in other words, like Mr. Arafat himself.
NYC & Company, the city's tourism marketing arm, promotes a United States Open restaurant event, which offers discounts at two dozen restaurants, all in Manhattan.
She guessed that prices might be lower at the Target across the street but decided not to bother finding out.
But supporters of electronic voting have long argued that doing so would be extremely difficult, if not impossible.
And they don't see technology as a way to change the world - or even themselves.
The complex, including a visitors' center and a parking garage, cost $150 million.
Not to mention the necessity of shoveling off the roof.
The theater, which is inside a larger building that is used for offices, would cost $10 million to restore, he said.
Mr. Piëch, who has since retired, ordered up new vehicles that incorporated a range of technical innovations like VW's exclusive W-shape engine.
(Truckers registration fees are paid to states based on the amount of miles they drive in the state.)
Admission: $10; students and 65+, $7.
Mr. Bush also dropped a hint that his call for an overhaul of the tax code, one of the main planks in his economic platform, might be more limited than many conservatives had in mind.
But Jon Stewart is the comedian any network would be lucky to get.
Since then, he has designed a number of oceanfront homes and hilltop eyries and has renovated a 1955 Richard Neutra house for Gary Levinsohn, a producer of ''The Patriot'' and ''Saving Private Ryan.''
The Lefrak Organization was ready to remove the mural from 395 South End Avenue, which was vacated for months after the attack.
following air travel in the last decade, according to a report in the journal Aviation, Space, and Environmental Medicine last May.
''It is not essentially moving our army closer to the Russian federation, and people should not see it in that light,'' Mr. Powell said on the popular independent radio station Ekho Moskvy.
Brokers frequently changed their stories, and they pressed for the dates that they wanted, and the apartment was frequently gone before we were able to make a decision.
''We thought we'd just dominate them,'' Sheffield said.
is appointed before that date," Telstra said in a release to the Australian Stock Exchange.
Better news came from Europe, where the United States narrowed the month's trade deficit with European Union countries to $10 billion from $11.1 billion.
Centering on an adolescent girl and stories within a story, this show, while generating intermittent charm, falls well short of enchantment.
The roads and the raceway are part of a far grander project, projected to cost about $5 billion, to create what is being called the Shanghai International Auto City.
The afternoon began with a ritual of preparation for a holy trance.
His former life, Mr. Perry said, has allowed him to ''totally understand when people are not receptive to what I'm doing.''
When plans for a memorial service are completed they will be published in the Stuart, Florida area newspapers.
They also show that prosecutors were concerned that disclosure of that information could undermine their case.
Grand old ruins and weird landscapes are the focus of Ms. Pagliuso's roving camera.
"It's always easier to play after that."
Charles Sachs, the landlord at 595 Broadway, said, ''It's kind of childish, to tell you the truth.''
"Operation close to buildings will be no restriction for the CityHawk, and it will in fact be able to rescue trapped people inside high-rise buildings by hovering close to a window and allowing a person to step on to the platform," he wrote in an April 2000 press release.
Admission, $10, students, $5, free for members and those under 16.
1 SCIENCE/HEALTH Problems in Mad Cow Tests Testing for mad cow disease varies in both nature and extent from country to country.
But if Harrison's stories of wrecked marriages, closet vices and family feuds give it a surface resemblance to Peyton Place, it also has a fair amount in common with the blasted heath of ''King Lear'' and the arid fields of Samuel Beckett's tramps.
Dr. Gray said he had formed collaborations with linguists and hoped they would give his tree a warmer reception once his critics understood that he had not made the errors they cited.
"I think it's the toughest one for people to take," Mr. Condon says of the scene.
One way to start comparing prices is to visit sites that list links to various voice-over-Internet providers.
Hours: Wednesdays through Fridays, noon to 6 p.m.; Saturdays, 1 to 6 p.m. 6 Crawford Street, Newark.
Or read a chapter book.
Questioning a regional supervisor or V.P.
Each package contains letters from schoolchildren and contributions of goods collected by schools, churches and individuals.
For Sanofi, the biggest plus is getting access to Aventis's sales infrastructure in the United States, saving the company the enormous costs of hiring a marketing partner.
BLUES 2, FLAMES 1 Scott Mellanby's goal with 4:15 remaining helped visiting St. Louis end an eight-game streak without a victory.
Fratello also slows the pace, a style that might have stifled Stephon Marbury, the team's new point guard.
Mr. Yu is understandably confused.
FUNDS that invest in pint-sized stocks achieved supersized returns in 2003.
''I thought my grandkids could have it in 20 years or so.''
(The pork doesn't really need it for flavor, he said, but "some people just want it.")
Rickey suspected as much as he preached from his pulpit in Life.
The Jewish Center of the Hamptons mourns the passing of Aaron Kuriloff, beloved husband of Past Trustee Deborah Kuriloff, and extends condolences to the family.
The sight of ammonites the size of manhole covers, perfectly intact fish from Arizona and giant shark teeth excited Ben, Chris and their 3-year-old sister, Olivia, even more for our next stop.
Whether the Army will be as safe as Ms. LaGoff hopes -- and as the warm embrace of the recruiting station seems to promise -- is something the three friends don't care to examine too closely.
In a group session for men, Livingstone Ntale got the strength to visit a clinic to determine if he was H.I.V.-positive.
The performance on Thursday night will go a long way to determining the outcome of this season's network competition, whose winner will reap greater advertising revenues next fall.
Two sisters and two nephews.
That is why he scoffs at those who think the races at Pocono are too long.
To the Editor: Re "Pulling Out of Gaza" (editorial, Oct. 28): The Yesha Council, which is the official representative of 220,000 Israelis living in Judea and Samaria (West Bank) and Gaza, takes exception to your labeling of our 7,500 Jewish residents of Gaza as "militant."
The general aesthetic here is "the more the merrier"; though the site hosts No: A Journal of the Arts, which specializes in experimental writing, it also promotes the poetry critic Joan Houlihan, who absolutely loathes the stuff.
Rendering is a $3 billion industry, with about 240 plants in the United States and Canada that process about 50 billions pounds of animal remains a year.
The first book I read on the disorder, a guide my son's doctor recommended, stated that many autistic children indeed behaved like animals.
Hospitals say the new shift bidding system lets nurses set their own schedules and helps hospitals deal with a severe nursing shortage while keeping costs in check.
Because people say that evento people who speak perfect English and have been here a long time,she says, and how are you going to like it if people say that toyou?
There was also the one from the 22-year-old who said she was carrying twins and had an inoperable brain tumor.
Rites of Committal will follow at George Washington Memorial Park Cemetery in New Jersey.
Stephanie and I offer our heartfelt condolences to Jane, Bill, Fred, Lawrence, his brothers, Lawrence and Raymond, and the entire Benenson family.
Attorney General John Ashcroft has strongly opposed the state laws.
This approach horrifies some historians.
Weekend sailors who need extra ballast can take home a portion of the tasty if ineffably rich dessert called whoziwhatzit, a flourless chocolate cake the size of a small hatchet wedge.
"Now it's every man for himself."
Cats race like film extras from every direction as Ms. Fahnestock's car pulls in.
I had to live with him.
Some Democrats took the governor's gentler tone as a sign of political weakness.
Aside from publicity, one reason for opening the pop-up store was ''to show that someone like Target can come into a community like this and not disrupt,'' Mr. Remington said.
Apparently the American designer, having been spotted at a local nightclub, dropped that he had had dinner with Dries Van Noten.
Yolanda Chang, the broker at Home Realty who handled the transaction, said that when the seller said the deal had fallen through and asked her to put the house on the market again, she had no choice but go along because it was her job to represent the interests of the seller.
They insist the efforts have not swayed them in any significant way, though others worry the criticism could eventually have a chilling effect.
It's work hard, with a hug."
During the day we snorkel and hike, and in the afternoons, as a boat takes us back to the camp, we fall silent in anticipation of our books.
Others deal with ''inbound'' calls -- everything from tracing lost luggage for U.S. airline passengers to solving computer problems for U.S. customers.
Rick Michalek, a former Lar Lubovitch dancer who performs this weekend in a program by Molly Rabinowitz at the University Settlement on the Lower East Side, said he believed it would be hard to tell.
''This 'he said, he said' tale makes for interesting reading,'' Mr. Kyrillos said, ''but we've got a government to run.''
He said he had been told by contacts in the Egyptian government that the fund now held $35 million.
Where his predecessor was criticized for involving himself in every detail, Mr. Reagan was a 9-to-5 president, a chairman of the board.
LONDON - WHEN the Design Museum opened here in 1989, its founder, Sir Terence Conran, described it as a place to showcase manufactured products, delve into engineering and explore industrial design.
MCCARTER THEATER CENTER Ira Glass.
The wooded property's location on a cul-de-sac provides both privacy and peacefulness.
As a filmmaker, he can do whatever he wants.
But the Knicks will have to make a decision soon enough; they open the season Nov. 3 in Minnesota.
By law, the state has the sole authority to license or run operations for mentally retarded children.
Carson Daly, the host of the radio award show and previously of MTV's "Total Request Live" program, said the use of backing tracks was par for the course for all manner of artists.
Kodak invested billions of dollars in other industries, including a drug company -- in the hope that somewhere in Kodak's stores of patented chemicals and processes it might have hidden pharmaceutical assets that could earn profit margins comparable to those of the color film business.
''These prosecutions are very disturbing because no one can predict a suicide,'' said M.H.
But the executions of the Nepalese workers stood out because of the sheer number of the dead.
''He asked me whether or not he has the right to have a lawyer,'' Mr. Sok Sam Ouen told Agence France-Presse.
NEW ENGLAND -- Signed OL Bob Hallen.
As a practical matter, he said, it appears that the bank assumed the cost of sending the letter writer his interest check.
Currently, companies revalue the securities each quarter and reflect unrealized gains or losses in shareholders' equity.
The court also made a prospective suggestion, saying that a sensible way to avoid Vienna Convention problems is to alert foreigners to their rights by adding a sentence to the standard Miranda warning.
Dr. Friedman and his family have been longtime benefactors of the School of Medicine, and their generosity has touched the lives of students, colleagues and many other members of our community.
HONG KONG, Oct. 28 - The Far Eastern Economic Review, an often incisive newsweekly for more than half a century, will become a monthly opinion magazine in December and virtually all its employees will lose their jobs, Dow Jones & Company announced on Thursday.
James S. Butler, the executive director of the Southeastern Connecticut Council of Governments, the area's regional planning agency, said he could not comment on the impact of the track on traffic until he is able to review the application that Mr. Arganese planned to submit to the town.
Since this is a Del Taco, I'm dressed for the Oscars.''
Conservatives swept to power in parliamentary elections on Sunday, ending more than a decade of Socialist rule as Greece grapples with preparations for the Athens Olympics and for negotiations with Turkey over the fate of Cyprus.
But sometimes the Patriots will use only two down linemen, as they did against Indianapolis, and you'll see linebackers Willie McGinest or Mike Vrabel in a three-point stance.
Their calculations hinge, he added, on the question, ''Are things going so badly that they have no choice?''
The cat-and-mouse game he plays with the police eventually leads to his arrest, and he is sentenced to 32 years in prison.
Suzuki is more likely to express relief than jubilation.
When asked how it felt to defeat someone like Brodeur in his first playoff start, Esche, who appeared in one postseason game in relief for the Flyers last season, said: ''The guy's a Hall of Famer.
PAGE A20 Kerry's Economic Agenda John Kerry proposed spending caps and the adoption of many Clinton adminstration economic rules to combat rising deficits.
Post campus of Long Island University in Greenvale, N.Y., tomorrow; Gordon Theater at Rutgers in Camden, N.J., on Saturday; and Queensborough Community College Theater in Bayside, Queens, on Sunday.
Ms. Juntwait will be only the third "voice of the Met" since the broadcasts started on Christmas Day in 1931, with a performance of Humperdinck's "Hansel and Gretel."
In his own quiet way, Howe seems to sense the urgency, even though he has almost three years left on a four-year contract that pays him $9.4 million.
Indeed, there have been recent improvements in the division's profitability attributable to cost cutting put in place even before Mr. Lynton arrived.
Her not-so-furtive affair with Ken fueled two years of gossip among her friends, until she finally put Lucky out.
Mr. Holzer said the museum's guards opened the note before calling the police.
He gave up a two-run single to Jorge Posada and no other hits, struggling only when he threw 12 consecutive balls to walk the bases loaded in the fourth.
They were interviewed during a tour given to this reporter of the secret training base here.
he heard a woman shout.
The British foreign secretary, Jack Straw, said Monday that British troops would stay in Iraq for years, perhaps as long as 2007, to help restore the country's security and stability.
His latest play, ''The History Boys'' -- which earned rave reviews at the Royal National Theater in London, where it is still running -- has already drawn interest from American producers and is likely to be Mr. Bennett's first play on Broadway since his 1975 farce ''Habeas Corpus.''
"The Maple Leafs were the first team to come back from being three games down," Mr. Kelly said, referring to the hockey championships in 1942.
The collie, who was on her way to another appointment, gave a wistful look but had to ignore the invitation.
''When you dominate the conference for two years, the East goes through us.
Mr. Vekselberg was one of the most private of Russia's oligarchs.
Kerry can't make a decision; Bush makes them too quickly.
The firefighter, Samuel Brandon, 60, was convicted of nine counts of petty larceny.
Coming to work in the morning, I felt as if I was walking into a bank.
In 1903, he moved to New York with the franchise, then known as the Highlanders, now known as the Yankees.
Sallie understands that you need to communicate with investors on a proactive basis."
Dr. Gregory Davis hunched over an autopsy table last Thursday morning and cut into the lifeless body of a 52-year-old man.
But those expectations have since been scaled back by two consecutive quarters of slower growth.
''This will not be repeated,'' he said.
Other builders, specializing in developments mixing housing, retail, office space and entertainment at existing downtowns, see the centers' Main Street theme as window-dressing.
The story of its evolution illuminates the challenges that entrepreneurs face when they join forces to run a business.
Devoted mother of Andrew and Ilene and Jeffrey and Hon.
Her father is a mathematics teacher at Glendale Community College in Glendale, Calif. Mr. Feinberg, 34, is a senior litigation associate at Proskauer Rose, the New York law firm.
HARD up for a place to open a regional theater 39 years ago, two Yale graduates were pleased to find an empty warehouse among the slabs of ribs and sausage in a food terminal directly off Interstate 95, on the Long Wharf in New Haven.
Players of Sony's EverQuest, a massive multiplayer role-playing game for the PC, pay a $12.95 monthly subscription fee, for example, and tend to spend many hours playing online.
Presented by the Moonshine Project.
Nobody told him to take it off.
According to ''The Complete Book of the Summer Olympics,'' by David Wallechinsky, the Olympic team doctor had reported that she was suffering from acute alcoholism, but Holm denied it.
This is America's real edge.
Or get appointed to the Supreme Court.
In an interview, he cited the Breeders' Cup betting scandal in 2002, when a programmer for the race track system exploited a hole for counting wagers to win a Pick Six bet worth $3 million.
Valerie Lianne Russo and Marc Jay Freud are to be married this evening.
The broadening of the market has led to the success of a few boutiques in Hong Kong that specialize in Indian high fashion.
Heller pulls off the story with ''wry grace,'' Lisa Zeidner said here last year.
In recognition of the other catchers present, he said, ''I think it's so much more a tribute to the game and the position of catching to get everyone here in one night.''
The larger number would more accurately represent the pensions' economic value, specialists say.
Instead, administration officials said that most of the country's emergency food aid would go to places where there were immediate crises.
Sunday at 2 p.m. Free.
SCOTT * 'KINSEY' Starring Liam Neeson, Laura Linney and Peter Sarsgaard.
In 1967, the board of the Brooklyn Academy of Music asked him to take over as director.
Support units must now be prepared to face the same enemy as the infantry, but are having to do so in trucks with canvas doors and fiberglass hoods because Pentagon procurement planners never expected they'd have to fight.
To the Editor: In ''Shedding Pounds With Medicare'' (On the Contrary, July 25), Daniel Akst proposed that Medicare pay for prescription drugs to treat the obesity epidemic when effective drugs are developed by Big Pharma.
Chávez (105-5-2 with 88 knockouts) amassed a fortune in his career, but he has fallen on hard times because of promotional entanglements with Don King; tax problems; legal battles with his former wife; and alcohol abuse.
The Department of Defense has identified 791 American service members who have died since the start of the Iraq war.
''I think we've been focused more on quantity than quality,'' said one high-ranking American officer.
of High Wycombe, northwest of London, in Buckinghamshire.
Two congressmen, Jerrold L. Nadler of Manhattan and Major Owens, left, of Brooklyn asked Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg yesterday to sign an agreement dictating how the police will handle protests at the Republican National Convention, scheduled for Aug. 30-Sept. 2.
By represent, Ms. Pagan means dress as.
Also survived by her beloved four grandchildren and two sons-in-law.
''This campaign has financial resiliency,'' said Steven Grossman, Dr. Dean's national campaign chairman.
I found a Violet Oakley print once.
British officials could waive the prohibition if American authorities agreed not to impose the death penalty, but it is unclear whether such an agreement has been reached in Mr. Masri's case.
This concert is a benefit for victims of the earthquake in Bam, Iran (more information at www.bamfund.com).
Mr. Levy, who campaigned as an anticorruption reformer, was elected as Suffolk's first Democratic county executive since the 1980's.
Directed by Sam Raimi (PG-13, 110 minutes).
established a 1,400-foot minimum altitude for helicopters wherever aircraft flight paths permit; general past practice has been to fly between 500 and 1,200 feet.
The 49ers have yielded touchdowns to opponents 68.2 percent of the time in the red zone, the worst in the National Football Conference.
In 1998, the Land Cruiser became the first vehicle wearing a Toyota badge to be fitted with a V-8, the same 4.7-liter, 32-valve, double overhead cam engine that powers production versions of the Tundra.
And standing around while pucks whiz past?
Based on the Ohio experience, election law scholars advocate two types of broad reform: more uniformity within states -- in registration lists, voting technologies and the distribution of voting machines -- and replacing partisans with professionals in election administration.
When the lawmakers get back home, voters should ask them how they could quit their posts while leaving a dozen basic spending bills in next year's budget unfinished -- hung up once more in back-room feuds about pork and logrolling.
"My colleagues were shocked," she said.
I think the great thing that unites us is the fact you can worship freely if you choose and if you -- you don't have to worship.
All through the White House, people were channeling the boss.
* ''THE INVISIBLE THREAD: BUDDHIST SPIRIT IN CONTEMPORARY ART,'' Newhouse Center for Contemporary Art at Snug Harbor Cultural Center, 1000 Richmond Terrace, Livingston, Staten Island, (718) 448-2500, through Sunday.
''It is not known whether or not their appeals were received by willing accomplices or not,'' the exhibit commentary says.
As it stands, nearly three years after the World Trade Center attack, few building owners have installed any of these options, as it is unclear which one, or which combination of options, the city will pick.
Myskina was not sharp against Chakvetadze.
Last year, the nation's top high school quarterback and tailback were in Texas.
"It's the gift that keeps on giving," he said, smiling.
The studio charges $600 to create a design that will be executed by silk-screen.
Written and directed by Stephen Poliakoff ("Perfect Strangers"); the cast includes a host of well-known British actors, among them Miranda Richardson, Michael Gambon and Bill Nighy.
Each company will pay $17 million as part of the preliminary settlement of the lawsuit, a class action in Texarkana, Ark., said Rick Adams, a lawyer for the clients that brought the lawsuit against accounting and consulting firms.
Nuggets of chicken grilled with negi, a robust cousin of scallions, is essential, as is shishito peppers stuffed with minced breast meat.
Last Tuesday night more than 700 people packed the Unitarian Universalist Church on Central Park West to rally for that goal.
"It's a whole other game.
But he cannot resist the odd, if not somewhat revealing, joke.
While nothing will erase the memory of that loss, this rematch was a mismatch.
Firm in our resolve, focused on our mission, and led by a superb commander in chief, we will prevail.
Sets through Sunday night are at 8 and 10; cover charge is $30, and there is a $10 minimum (Ratliff).
Rodeph Sholom moved uptown, eventually settling on West 83rd Street, and the building was used by Polish Jewish congregations beginning in 1891.
I have time to reflect on how often intense and scary interactions take place in cars: conflict seems so streamlined.
Perhaps Ramirez's approach is right because it works for him.
82 seven years ago to become its assistant principal.
A particularly arresting one, of aluminum and paper, is ''Black Canto V'' (2003), a black-painted square with subtle touches of white.
''It's definitely the best game I've ever played in college,'' said McNamara, who recalled that he once scored 55 points for his Bishop Hannon High School team in Scranton, Pa. ''Hakim went out and we were struggling a little bit.
Rodriguez, who was booed in Seattle after leaving for a 10-year, $252 million contract with Texas before the 2001 season, will be booed in Boston for being considered a traitor.
Three times a week he goes to a Koran class in a ''liberated'' building that used to house the secret police.
He has been an epidemiologist, a director of occupational health departments and -- again, fitting for someone who was in college in the 60's -- an activist: he was executive director of a group called International Physicians for the Prevention of Nuclear War in 1993 and 1994, and spent two years in Nairobi, Kenya, in the late 1980's, trying to improve health care.
The United States consumes about 1.5 million barrels of Venezuelan oil a day, out of 2.6 million the country produces.
Kern, who specializes in 'turnaround' situations, indicated that now that the transition had been completed, it was appropriate for him to pursue his many other interests.''
Rather than delving into mistier origins, Mr. Evans starts by showing that the Bismarckian Reich's semblance of representative government was largely illusory.
Ms. Stewart was convicted in March of lying to investigators about the trade; her former stockbroker, Peter E. Bacanovic, was also convicted.
Nike named a building in her honor at its headquarters.
Book orders for the congregation are extra; churches can buy them in bulk for about half the cover price.
''Whenever you'd go out working in the sun on a road crew there would be somebody who was supposed to be working too, but who would be standing in the shade,'' Mr. Edwards told a town hall-style meeting in Alexandria, La.
Nadhim A. al-Jassour, a professor of international relations at the University of Baghdad, said that the American evisceration of the Iraqi state had taught Iraqis to disrespect the government, perpetuating the lawlessness.
''You sent me to jail,'' Lieutenant Jabber said.
His wife and two grown sons sat silently in the courtroom.
Wiretaps on Mr. Maflahi's cellphone showed that he took calls that were intended for the sheik.
She said the caretakers put the wire at different spots around the pool to discourage the dogs from swimming but never placed the metal bar in the water.
''There's no doubt that it's fascinating.
We listen to the sound of water dripping from our raised paddles.
With the new proposals, Russian taxes on oil become not only higher, but more steeply graduated, depending on where oil prices are.
But clearly it happens, and everyone knows it, from the makers of talk shows (the producers of Ellen DeGeneres's show are reportedly negotiating potential giveaway deals) to the editors of Psychology Today, which recently devoted a cover article to an analysis of celebrity worship.
Tonight at 6 and Thursday at 9 p.m. at Alice Tully Hall, Lincoln Center, 165 West 65th Street, as part of the 42nd New York Film Festival.
''We again urge the Assembly to come forward with their own proposal, along with specific details on how they intend to pay for it,'' Speaker Silver has called the debate over how to pay for the plan a red herring, saying that the money should come from the state's general fund.
He was a longtime member of the American Jewish Committee as well as United Cerebral Palsy.
"We don't want to get into a battle with the E.P.A.
headquarters, where they engaged in a question-and-answer session, translated from the French, with Stu Jackson, the league's vice president for basketball operations.
A one no-trump rebid would be the choice in England, where that has a wide range.
In October the family will reopen it as ABBOCCATO , an Italian restaurant, with their partners, PAUL McLAUGHLIN and JIM BOTSACOS , above, the executive chef at MOLYVOS .
Is it too late to mend the rift?
Far from being a sign of dysfunction, Albany's singular refusal to change the law is a badge of honor, Mr. Silver said, adding: ''There is a little more integrity in the Legislature in New York.
They were money because people were willing to accept them as payment for debts, public and private.
When Annia Hatch won the silver medal with the American women's gymnastics team last week, her family in Cuba was supposed to be watching on television and cheering her from afar.
''I live for my kids,'' he said.
At 25, she finished her first novel three days before giving birth to her daughter; by 30, she had published four books of fiction and poetry.
I now know that my son and I, and most everyone else who has been in a similar situation, have suffered in vain.
IT'S impossible not to form a strong image of the personality of the South African playwright Zakes Mda simply from reading the novels he began writing a decade ago.
"They informed us a week ago Sunday that Fox has selected us, and we had to change our time," said Dave Howard, the Mets' senior executive vice president for business.
Throughout his father's testimony, Daniel Pelosi sat stone-faced at the defendant's table, whispering to his lawyers and scribbling notes.
Koi swim in a pond out front.
''New England is the invisible area now,'' said Darrell West, a political scientist at Brown University in Providence, R.I. ''It is going to be Kerry territory, and he doesn't have to make any effort.
Consider that in Colorado, Mr. Thedos's company until very recently had sold only one of the six factory-chic houses that it built more than a year ago.
''Sooner or later,'' Giants General Manager Ernie Accorsi said, ''they all come back.''
''You can't win an election looking in the rear-view mirror,'' Mr. Maddox said.
Same for Virginia, which elected a Democrat, Mark Warner, governor in 2001, and Arkansas, which has five Democrats among its six members of Congress.
"You could go buy a lot with 10 cents in those days.
It also swerves unsteadily into farce.
7) or online, courtesy of CharityWave.com, an Internet donations service, at www.nytimesneediest.charitywave.com.
Given that hundreds of Internet marketing companies use the very same techniques that Seismic Entertainment and SmartBot.net are accused of using, some industry specialists wondered if the commission's suit was making an example out of Mr. Wallace.
It is in Ulster County, not Dutchess.
In the article, Mr. Weber said responsibility for the difficulties was shared by all ''from the C.E.O.
This bullet is destined for Spencer McCullough, a vegan and animal rights activist who has planted an extensive garden at his mother-in-law's New Hampshire vacation home.
Mr. Kerry ended his day at a rally in Bloomer, Wis., where another sprawling crowd listened to Mr. Kerry describe Mr. Bush's job creation record as the worst since Herbert Hoover.
Pei and Santiago Calatrava and a library by Arata Isozaki of Japan.
"Yeah, I thought I kept him in the ballpark."
The league contends that the collective bargaining agreement states that only Commissioner David Stern can hear appeals for on-court incidents.
Lyndon Johnson had hoped Vietnam would be a short war, Mr. Halberstam wrote, and he was afraid of the political consequences if the true economic costs became visible: "The result was that his economic planning was a living lie, and his administration took us into economic chaos: the Great Society programs were passed but never funded on any large scale; the war itself ran into severe budgetary problems (the decision in 1968 to put a ceiling on the American troops was as much economic as political); and the most important, the failure to finance the war honestly would inspire a virulent inflationary spiral which helped defeat Johnson himself.
Would you be favoring capping awards on pain and suffering?
RCN, the telecommunications company, has taken over the four exchanges, and a spokesman for the company said he could not comment on the status of negotiations with Larry Weiss Associates, the Bethpage, Long Island, company that provided the service.
All the presidents are the same to me, no matter who we choose.
Vice President Dick Cheney took this argument to a disgraceful low last week when he implied that electing John Kerry and returning to traditional American foreign policy values would invite a devastating new strike.
He brings out student enthusiasms: big Errol Garner chords, Herbie Hancock harmony, Keith Jarrett group-improvisation tactics, Oscar Peterson speed.
US Airways also said that it was reducing its contribution to its traditional pension plan to 3 percent from 10 percent, and that it would no longer match the contributions of salaried employees to 401(k) plans.
''I want to return to Japan to look for ganguro, but also check out China and Korea, where I am told that hip-hop is big.
Real estate values are high.
Because no one has yet been able to devise and implement safe, permanent storage facilities for nuclear waste, which continues to pile up in increasingly dangerous temporary storage sites.
All the strikes were unsuccessful and many appear to have been undercut by poor intelligence, they said.
Some of these play very well when opportunity offers.
The experience left him acutely aware of questions of morality in the realm of philosophy.
It didn't make sense to them."
Hull pays workers $75 a day to plant lawn signs, a job most campaigns give to earnest volunteers.
Not all airlines have such thresholds.
The final confirmation of Joseph A. Mengacci, another interim judge nominated by Mr. Rowland and approved by the state judiciary, has been delayed.
Wednesday's link with Air China further tangles Cathay Pacific's already complicated relationships on the mainland.
The week before that, she won four climbs in the Alps in record times.
It was made for $2.7 million, and it made over $20 million.
But if not enough people realize a building is worth preserving, the structure might be torn down.
There is nothing like financial self-interest to make sudden partners out of people normally devoted to old rivalries and separate agendas.
Were he to stay in Dumbo, he might have to; space that cost a dollar or so a square foot in the early 80's now commands up to $40 a square foot.
In every case they left out everything that explained them as human beings.''
Since then, what had once been the celebrated magazine of photojournalism has been reincarnated as a monthly, a weekly during the Persian Gulf war, a series of books, and a newsstand-only special publication.
Mr. Kerry, who has been repeatedly taunted by Mr. Bush for waffling on key questions, cracked a smile.
New York, which has aggressively moved beneficiaries into workfare and investigated cases of fraud, has experienced a precipitous decline in the number of people on welfare.
Call 311 to sign up for a Friday-only tour (Johnson).
Instead the association is concerned with the damage that could be done by continued outsized promises from marketers like Advanced Patch Technologies.
"This industry is going to continue to be under a lot of pressure, but we are at top of the heap in terms of performance," Ron Dykes, the chief financial officer, said in a telephone interview.
''When I got off the phone with Coyle my impression was that all my neighbors had agreed to sell.
But her off-message gesture may also have reminded voters of her father's reputation as a frat-boy prankster, which may not be the image that his campaign wants to rekindle in a time of the war on terror.
It was frustrating to see some of our significant advances taken away.
But the reasons for removing Saddam Hussein were based on issues even broader than just the presence of weapons of mass destruction.
If I could get over my initial repulsion of the man with no nose, maybe Raven eventually could get over her repulsion of me as well?
"The more I watch film and see defenses and learn what our adjustments are for certain blitzes and learn how to fix problems, I will get more comfortable, I can start making plays, get everything protected and have a better feel to know where to go with the ball."
''Aloft'' also teases us with withheld information and intimations of Jerry's unreliability, but both its plotting and its prose feel looser, less finished.
''It makes sense for someone with a new album to want to play for this crowd, for, like, street credibility and just a buzz-creation type of thing.''
Neighbors rallied on Main Street outside the courthouse.
She fled Cuba in 1970 on a ''freedom flight,'' landing in Miami and beginning to scratch out a higher education at Miami Dade Community College and at Florida International University.
Wisconsin, 82,000 Wisconsinites lost it under President Bush.
President Bush, who was traveling in Florida, is seeking to reach out to women, with a new pledge to increase money for halting illegal trafficking in women.
Standing in front of a tank full of mollies from a surface stream population, Mr. Plath describes how these zippy males never stop trying to mate with females.
An independent appraiser had formally valued the instruments, called the Golden Age Collection, at $50 million, but Mr. Axelrod sold them to the orchestra for $18 million.
Marist (5-13, 3-6) lost its fourth straight.
If the stay is denied, Clarett will announce that he will enter the draft, his lawyer, Alan C. Milstein, said yesterday.
People with diabetes, overwhelmed by the cost of their prescriptions, often skip their medications to save money, two new studies report.
Profit Up 30 Percent at LVMH Buoyed by record margins for its star leather goods and fashion brand, LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton announced a 30 percent jump in profit for 2003.
One thing that the reassessments did not take into account is that the market value of a home depends in part on how much tax it pays, making the assessment rolls something of a moving target.
They stretched from his eyelids to the bridge of his nose, a result of little sleep after the Yankees' draining and numbing collapse against the Boston Red Sox on Wednesday night.
It has large leaves like grape leaves and hard, pea-size fruits that are pale purple with speckles, or blue, depending on age.
Science museums will demand programming for their theaters.
Dr. Schiff and some other doctors say the estrogen-plus-progestin trial was flawed because the average age of the participants, 63, was more than a decade older than the average onset of menopause.
So what's the message going to be?
More often than not, sitting senators have a terrible time getting to the White House, in part because it is hard for those who are not legislative leaders to compile a record that is easily summed up on the stump.
A principal function of the script was for communication among women who called themselves "sworn sisters."
It is pleasing, therefore, to read about residency programs that are limiting the amount of access these companies have to physicians in training.
This time around, the Giants' 5-3 record looks a bit better, but they are coming off an implosion at home against the Bears and they already have as many players on injured reserve (12) as they had all of last year.
''I just like sitting here and programming.''
I had a bad day at the office.
The company sold 16 of its professional digital editing systems for around $160,000 each before it merged in 1980 with the Digital Recording Corporation.
Petite and pretty, she got her professional start at 18 when the producer Winthrop Ames hired her to perform in a series of Gilbert and Sullivan revivals.
But years of ultralow interest rates and big government deficits appear to have provided the monetary and fiscal stimulus the economy needed to get back on track.
But on the plaza in front of the World Financial Center and the esplanade to the south of it, piles of dust reached as high as two feet.
And if growth tapers off, so will job creation.
"The ball started coming back toward left field so I overran it," Matsui said through an interpreter.
Again, the dye was injected, and the gallbladder's shape took form on the monitor -- showing there was no blockage.
And Legal Grind, he says, is unique.
The note's yield, which moves in the opposite direction from the price, rose to 4.22 percent from 4.20 percent on Wednesday.
Of course, in the good old days, pitchers were expected to throw nine innings every couple of days.
Daniel R. Jenky, the bishop of Peoria.
Edwards also clarified what occurred on a critical third-down play on that drive.
EAST MEADOW, N.Y., Oct. 13 - A computer magnate and Nassau's top county official signed a preliminary agreement on Wednesday for what could become the biggest property development in Long Island history, a $1 billion complex dominated by a 60-story tower that would be visible from Manhattan to Montauk.
I can hardly believe we have come so far.
They know each other well enough to do that; they are the oldest team in the eight-nation tournament.
The immigrants rely on the church not only for work placement but also for social services, some food and supplies like diapers.
ROBERTA SMITH 'GREAT EXPECTATIONS: JOHN SINGER SARGENT PAINTING CHILDREN,' Brooklyn Museum, 200 Eastern Parkway, at Prospect Park, (718) 638-5000, through Jan. 16.
That is the case with Harriet Dubroff, a retired principal in a relationship with a man, and Florence Isaacs, a married freelance writer; both their mates are in declining health.
The average monthly salary in Russia is about $200.
Both artists entice us to redefine the space around us.
Ahold's former chief executive, Cees van der Hoeven, said, however, that "the charges by the public prosecutor are unfounded, and I will make that clear to the court."
He has been at his best this political season when battling back from being far behind Dr. Dean in the polls, and he still lacks some of the strengths that come through adversity: an ample airing of his weaknesses as a candidate, a testing of his temperament when under sharp attack, a thorough examination of a political personality that has sometimes left even his ideological allies cold in the past.
The award includes the continued design of the vessel's propulsion plant and efforts aimed at reducing weight and manpower requirements, Northrop said in a statement.
Democratic imperialism has led to more deaths, not fewer."
Curry did jump three places to seventh in the U.S. College Hockey Online poll.
Steven Sager, the cafe's owner, said: ''The concept in the beginning was to have a full coffee bar in the front of the store, a passive type of art gallery in the middle and a ceramic studio in the back where I could work and hold classes.
Among the most serious irregularities was the absence of voters from the voter lists.
Donors have been increasingly unhappy that so much of their money has gone to keep the Palestinian Authority afloat, and not to long-term economic improvement, but they say that Mr. Fayyad has instituted reforms improving accountability and increasing tax collections.
In the two years Sadiq spent at Central Arizona, neither her mother, Ayisha, nor her father, Adisa, or her four siblings were able to see her play.
On the lower row was a series of pictures that corresponded to the words above.
The American marine who is being threatened by his kidnappers with beheading was abducted in Iraq after deserting to make his way to his native Lebanon, a Marine officer said.
Mr. Qualls said he immediately began sending e-mail messages that guardsman's lawyer, Michael S. Sorgen, and was eventually referred to Mr. Lynd and Mr. Lobel, who were separately beginning to hear from other soldiers who had found them in recent weeks in a variety of ways.
Until that happens, they said, ''we strongly caution against making any public health policy recommendations.''
The shoving, trampling and tugs of war synonymous with the Friday after Thanksgiving may have kept some Americans home this year, but that does not mean they were not shopping.
As Smarty Jones rides in the van, the draw for the Belmont will be taking place at the track.
Dr. Riggio, who is halfway through a 10-year effort to write his own Dreiser biography, is constantly amazed by his subject's breadth.
I think I'm inside of my own head right now, thinking about it too much.
''Nobody has really seen how to put the blue sky out there that is going to solve their problems,'' Mr. Tallon said.
"Or do you want a president who's going to honor middle-class values and fight for middle-class opportunities in America?"
We look at a human being as much more than the worst they ever did.''
Despite the apparent simplicity of his persona, Audubon was a contradictory figure living in a contradictory time.
New Jersey sent approximately 76,000 troops, 2 percent of the Union total, to fight in the war, said Dr. Martin, who has a Ph.D. in classical studies from Princeton University and has written several monographs on Civil War battles.
I paid cash, and he handed over the keys and gave me some great tips on the neighborhood, including the $3 Guinnesses poured at happy hour at the nearby Lotus Cafe, 35 Clinton Street.
Editors' Note: March 26, 2004, Friday A front-page article on March 16 about board elections for the Sierra Club described dissident candidates who favor restrictions on immigration.
There were a lot of guys like this: bookies, sellers of dreams.
The nebbishy Seymour may take some getting used to, but the raffish port city of Trieste is every bit as exciting as Cairo and promises to be even more dangerous.
Besides the "Law & Order" reruns that appear in an endless cycle on cable television, Lennie Briscoe lives on in several episodes of "Trial by Jury," scheduled for broadcast in the spring.
Daniel Jobim, the grandson of Antonio Carlos Jobim, will join the Pizzarelli Family (the virtuoso guitarists John and Bucky Pizzarelli, et al.)
A senior American official said that the administration is ''taking a close look'' at the policy, and that the president would send three senior aides to Israel next week to get questions answered before the proposal was endorsed.
Fee, $15, $10 for members.
Last night began in typical fashion for the annual meeting.
But it does not preclude him from having opinions about the mall's wares.
''We live in a crazy, high-velocity world, and if you're dating in New York right now, there are no road rules,'' a 34-year-old man said.
But other analysts questioned the timing of his announcement.
Your support is put behind your "Bad News Bears" franchise, and you seem to be saying: "I'm sticking with them no matter what.
Democracy's advantage, they show, becomes apparent when you compare countries below $2,000 in per capita G.D.P.
After the restatement, net income will be increased by $17.4 million, or 7 cents a share, for the first quarter.
He used to be poor, he said.
''This will be tied up in the courts for a while,'' he said.
In 1976, he challenged a sitting Republican president.
''It was very stressful because I had to deal with noise, sharing a bathroom, and no peace of mind all the time,'' Ms. Wilson said.
Her hands were stained with henna, her thumb with the ink from voting.
"Let the chips fall," she said of the federal investigation.
It is particularly important among women, Mr. McInturff said.
State Senator Raymond J. Lesniak, one of the governor's closest advisers, predicted that time would put Mr. McGreevey's tenure in a more positive perspective.
Yesterday, Puma officials said they were considering legal action against FIFA.
Across town at KSV, which serves a mostly black clientele, the lunchtime menu includes country fried steak, collard greens, candied yams, black-eyed peas, macaroni and cheese, green beans and corn bread.
A lot of it is absolutely true.''
Some in China's scrap industry are skeptical that new government rules will have much effect.
Pachachi, the chief spinner of delay, means trouble.
But Jeff's a great dude.
Mr. Bayley developed one of the first computer-driven carving machines five years ago.
He left the team for a time as a junior, suffering from depression, but eventually returned to become seventh all-time in assists with 437.
The American economy created 337,000 new jobs in October, the government reported yesterday, snapping a prolonged jobs slump and igniting renewed hopes that after years of caution, businesses may finally be starting to hire workers more aggressively.
For example, if you think the bubble will soon collapse, creating a recession, you might choose to lower rates in order to cushion the effect on the economy."
At the same time, he said, ''we have done in-depth focus-group research, and people are saying 'Definitely stay SeaWorld -- but our kids are looking for more variety.'
Everything was a creation, a production.
Two other American Olympians -- Dan Browne, who ran the marathon, and Abdi Abdirahman, who ran in the 10,000 meters -- are also entered in New York.
The Bush folks are experts at throwing up chessboards and then leaving the room, with the pieces bouncing all over the floor, and not doing the follow-up (see Iraq) because it interferes with their domestic political agenda.
Money used to defeat an effort by a California teenager paralyzed by a defectively designed handgun to buy the bankrupt manufacturer and dismantle it came from the family that owned the company, according to bank records and the young man's lawyer.
Insurgent attacks against American troops here have markedly intensified in the past two weeks, and enemy combatants are now conducting a more determined battle, commanders say.
Now 90 percent of V.A.
We're talking about a Hall of Famer.
While allusions to fairy tales (especially Cinderella) abound, Highsmith's intention seems to be to subvert rather than celebrate the genre's conventions.
Israeli politics has become divided nearly to the point of civil war.
PAGE B1 Iraqis Defer Conference Aimed at Reconciliation Iraq postponed a major national conference intended as a step toward democracy and reconciliation as a spate of kidnappings widened with the seizure of five more foreign hostages.
Larionov has not scored a goal this season, and the Devils have scored only one goal on their last 20 power plays.
There are lines to get into restaurants.
''It was amazing,'' said Ms. Mustafa, the New Delhi correspondent for the Indian newspaper The Asian Age, and one of hundreds of Indian journalists who came to Pakistan to cover the summit meeting.
Steinbrenner and Cashman can cease spending really big bucks on people who underperform and spend less more intelligently.
The contract was already down one, and when a club was led the declarer took another finesse.
I have two kitchens, one in Manhattan, the other on Long Island.
There, he was the Director of Research, 1962-69, and Executive Vice President of their Investment Division, 1965-70.
Their relationship can be summed up in the bar bill at the end of a night.
Makor/92nd Street Y, Steinhardt Building, 35 West 67th Street, Manhattan; 7:30 p.m.; $9.
* DANILO PÉREZ TRIO, Jazz Standard, 116 East 27th Street, Manhattan, (212) 576-2232.
As governor, Mr. Brizola became known as a radical leftist and an economic nationalist, expropriating two American-owned utility companies without providing compensation.
Representative Anne M. Northup, Republican of Kentucky, said: "The letter was insulting.
The other incident involved a female student who was struck on the leg by a water balloon tossed from a car.
She was the Sol LeWitt of weaving.
He misses the chance to consider California as a symbol of freedom across the political spectrum.
The comments to the historian were first reported on Saturday by The Washington Post, which examined papers from General Clark's two and half years as commander of NATO.
Our condolences are extended to his wife, Ellen, brother Richard, and his step-children and grandchildren.
If Ripplewood exercised all those options, it would gain a stake of about 2 percent in Softbank, Mr.
''The most important thing to remember when doing a home exchange is to stay flexible,'' Mr. Jaffe said, noting that while desired destinations may or may not be subject to negotiation, details of a possible exchange -- including dates and length of stay -- can usually be worked out.
Earlier research had suggested that the X-rays might be useful in spotting women who were developing osteoporosis, which increases the risk of fractures.
''There's always going to be issues,'' said Steven Frazzini, vice president of MetroCard program management and sales, pointing out that the machines processed more than 101 million transactions last year.
So far, rising prices have not hampered New York's steady, Wall Street-driven recovery, economists say.
Among patients taking a placebo, the study found 7.5 such cases per thousand people per year, not over three years.
Last year's Red Sox suffered mightily in the final game, but last night they became the first major league baseball team to come back from an 0-3 deficit to win a postseason series.
With 4.2 seconds to play in Xavier's 89-74 victory over second-seeded Mississippi State on Sunday, Chalmers, a senior guard, was first met by Coach Thad Matta with a hug that was seemingly for all four of his seasons.
(The Public has only about 6,000 subscribers and a rather alarming "churn," with, until recently, fewer than half renewing each year.)
"The initial results were very discouraging," Schmitz said.
IMPERIAL PARKING, Vancouver, British Columbia, a parking lot operator, agreed to be acquired by the Gates Group, Cleveland, for about $47.4 million.
''This is the most important clean-air policy move forward in at least the last 20 years in New Jersey,'' said Dena Mottola, the executive director of the New Jersey Public Interest Research Group.
Despite several embarrassing cases in recent months in which firefighters were charged with alcohol offenses, the commissioner said that ''obviously, some of our people are not getting the message.''
Venezuelan oil can get to the United States in six days; Saudi oil can take up to two months to make it to American refineries.
Heading into this season, Beltre was hitting seventh in the batting order, the face of an underachieving team that had not won a playoff game since 1988.
It's also a place where, if you had a certain last name, your destiny was laid out before you.
But just as a peace agreement was being worked out, a new war erupted in the mainly Muslim region of Darfur, where non-Arab residents rebelled against Arab domination.
According to an arbitration proceeding they filed against Mr. Phillips, the agreement cost the fund $20 million in losses, undisclosed commissions and fees.
''Do we ever want to be in a situation in 20 years when we say, 'We'd better do this for the Russians or we'll be in a blackout?'''
With only two points separating the incumbent from the challenger, according to the latest poll, politicians from throughout the country, including Senator John McCain and Nancy Pelosi, the House Democratic leader, have traveled to the district.
It did not apply to the powerful county party organizations, and it did not restrict the flow of campaign money around the state during general election campaigns.
Black and white photographs -- the bottom of a truck, a lone orchid, a shattered windshield -- move from screen to screen, until each image seems to move off the stage.
The reduction in borrowing coincided with a pause in consumer spending during August after the biggest jump in almost two years.
The market will continue to shift.
I watched until the crest of her shell had gone under and the last swirls caused by her powerful strokes had been gathered up in a new inrush of water.
Sometimes you can hear the ball hit the glove of the catcher in the bullpen."
Newsworld International is currently distributed as part of DirecTV's Total Choice package of programs, and on Time Warner Cable's network, which includes the New York metropolitan area.
Late the previous night, the Supreme Court effectively ended the contest in favor of George W. Bush.
A man of brilliance and integrity.
Many people who called the city's 911 system for help were told by operators to stay where they were, even though fire commanders had ordered an evacuation.
He gave no further details, and it was not clear when Capt.
GORDON -- Oh, God, we better.
It exempted trash incineration and power produced by large hydroelectric plants.
Game 4 will be played here Friday night.
It all seemed a bit bright and succinct for a eulogy, and her relatives began to worry.
Coming up with a figure has been made more complicated by the many ambiguities of the court ruling itself.
With shooting guard being the strongest position in the Eastern Conference, Kittles -- 29 years old and in his eighth N.B.A.
Robert Rosenbloom Bound Brook, N.J., Sept. 2, 2004
Using one of those methods, the charges said, in the fourth quarter of 2000 Mr. Causey and others fraudulently increased the value of an asset known as Mariner Energy by $100 million.
Mr. Doherty, 47, has worked at the Waldorf for 27 years, more than half his life.
The report says, for example, that the New York committee is spending $33.8 million on designing and constructing the convention set, as well as on other production costs associated with the political convention itself.
''I thought both of them had had a good go at their feelings of the Pinochet book,'' Mr. Hoge said.
An obituary on Oct. 25 about Michael Grant, who wrote popular books on the ancient world, misstated the title of a text written by Ben Sira, the subject of an assessment by Mr. Grant.
Not only are they constructing the boat, but they have also been trained as interpreters, or guides, to answer the visiting public's questions about the project and about life in the 18th century.
A1 Members of an Army Reserve platoon are being investigated for reportedly refusing to deliver fuel to a town north of Baghdad.
Burnett, a right-hander, last pitched in the majors on April 25 last year, and he had elbow ligament replacement surgery four days later.
The judge's action prompted the police commissioner to call for a judicial misconduct investigation.
His mother, I'll Get Along, was a daughter of Smile, a sprint champion.
''It's not a market created by guys like Ernie; he's only serving the medical companies and medical societies,'' Mr. Herrera said, referring to Mr. Nelson, the accused middleman.
The costs to the industry to offer the new service would be comparatively small, and the possible returns on those investments could be high.
But a few months ago, even Rolex introduced a new limited edition, with a ring of green instead of black around the bezel.
My husband and I shared child care responsibilities.
On Thursday, for example, Mr. Kerry raised more than $1 million in Chicago, then picked up $500,000 for the Democratic National Committee over breakfast on Friday.
11 1 ON THE DOWN LOW, by J. L. King with Karen Hunter.
If turned right side up, he could be on a hill with his arms raised, bow and arrows next to him.
Return Greenwich Village to its incarnation as a pine forest, and think of nothing but a stream at the site of the Plaza Hotel.
Despite assurances that districts would at least maintain present state aid levels, some officials fretted that well-to-do districts could become easy targets for cost-cutters.
He said that even Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, the Jordanian-born terrorist leader blamed for some of the most violent attacks inside Iraq since the end of major combat operations, probably had no formal allegiance to Mr. bin Laden, although "they're just two peas in a pod in terms of what they're doing."
Travelocity executives hope the humorous new campaign can help the company attain those profitable heights as well.
Just like you heard Joe Bravo say, I think any of the top riders here could go anywhere.
McCarthy allowed the people of Wisconsin to believe that he had been wounded in action (or, still more inventively, ''while helping to remove a pregnant woman from off a submarine''), when actually he had injured himself in a prank during the traditional festivities crossing the Equator.
''The advantage of the method is that it is completely noncontact,'' extracting information from the groove by mapping the surface, Dr. Haber said.
The country had been favored to secure the 2006 World Cup, but lost by one vote to Germany after a member of the FIFA executive committee, Charles Dempsey of New Zealand, controversially abstained from voting.
As an architect, Mr. Kloosterboer said it was important to him to own a house that reflected his professional beliefs rather than cultural norms.
Hand-held devices with built-in connectivity exist in the Palm OS world as well.
Dr. Lux, who practices Tibetan Buddhism, learned from a colleague that Ms. Simon did, too, and talked with her about it.
At a meeting in Vienna, the Europeans told the Iranians that if they abandoned uranium enrichment, the Europeans would supply them with fuel for nuclear power reactors and trade.
It was nice to hear the preludes extricated from Pfitzner's garrulous and gluttonous stage piece.
"The system just isn't designed for people with her idiosyncrasies and her sensibility," said Danny Goldberg, chief executive and chairman of Artemis Records, and a veteran of that system himself.
But there are plenty of surprises.
agents had interviewed him and his wife.
But according to Mr. Gerber, though the regulations have changed, gravel pits could still be allowed with special permits.
"It's not all that easy for an African to go so far.
The department does not break down those numbers by towns or counties, but many market watchers say it seems like Litchfield County is experiencing the highest influx of new agents in the state.
The New China News Agency reported her death, saying estimates of her age ranged from 95 to 98.
He also came under the influence of Elisabeth Lutyens, one of the few serial composers in England at the time.
On Saturday, the night was dry but bitter cold.
Last month, The Star-Ledger reported that the number of complaints against troopers topped 1,000 for the first time in 2003.
Crew twill flat-fronts with embroidered salamanders ($44 at J.
I could not meet the minimum payment on my credit cards after a while.
No guarantee exists that the transplant recipient will look normal.
not to recall these vehicles on something as serious as this is entirely wrong and completely undercuts the agency's authority," added Ms. Claybrook, who ran the agency under the Carter administration and has since become one of the chief gadflies of both the industry and the agency.
His Jets biography mentions the cable business in Florida, but not the real estate deals.
With the publication of "Out of the Fortress," Mr.
MR. SCHIEFFER -- Thank you, Mr. President.
Like many institutions involved in building projects, Yale is sending portions of its collections on tour.
club had settled into a groove.
More accounts of the searches made for famous shipwrecks.
Mr. Kerry seized on the stem cell issue to portray himself as the champion of human reason and scientific progress versus what he called Mr. Bush's stubborn devotion to "extreme right-wing ideology."
On Sunday, there will be three-hour walking tours of Harlem, the Upper West Side, the East Village and Chinatown; Fort Greene, Brooklyn; Flushing, Queens; and the Grand Concourse in the Bronx.
With a gesture of his hand, he took in the Twin Dolphin, whose guest rooms and pool area, like the dining room, are open to the sea.
These franchisers offer convenience store services and pay lower gasoline prices.
Letter from America, Oct. 22).
They are tested for compatibility with various paints to ensure that cleaning will not destroy the art.
Including performances by Curb and deSol.
They will be investing in the Korean market.'
But less than 2 percent of college football players make it in the N.F.L., according to the N.C.A.A.
His final destination was ''L.A.
The investigation of Redding was disclosed in the fall of 2002, when federal agents raided the hospital and the offices of Dr. Chae Hyun Moon and Dr. Fidel Realyvasquez.
The defeated Senate proposal on Thursday was endorsed by the leaders of the Sept. 11 commission and would have restructured the Senate by providing the Senate's Intelligence Committee with the power to appropriate the billions of dollars in the government's intelligence budget, authority that is now with the Senate Appropriations Committee.
He does not bear the burden of a Congressional voting record, and he has what one Democrat described as a compelling life story.
Standing with a sign behind him proclaiming America to be ''Safer, Stronger, Better,'' Mr. Bush said there was an election coming up, and ''I thought I'd come down for a little spring training.''
Caffeine to stay awake on jury duty?
Richard Brodsky, who represents Westchester County, would amend the State Constitution, eliminate gerrymandering and convert the Legislature to one house, among other reforms.
The Sean John clothing line is going upscale; this fall, Mr. Combs plans to add pinstripe suits and other elegant outfits to his athletics-inspired collections.
But it more than compensates for these lapses with its emotional force and visual panache.
Your loving & beloved sister, Dorothea Marilyn Weitzner
Son of John and the late Elizabeth.
But it wasn't enough for one fan just to support his team.
''We were trying to rebuild since the first day I got here, while at the same time trying to be competitive on the ice at the N.H.L.
The investigation by the office of the sergeant-at-arms, William Pickle, was undertaken last November after parts of the memorandums appeared in news accounts in The Wall Street Journal, The Washington Times and a column by Robert Novak.
Cropped and simplified as they are, his canvases appear to both emulate and parody the styles of Alex Katz and David Hockney.
Similar organizing is under way among gay rights and social conservative groups on gay marriage.
''He lived at his stepfather's -- a nice home, decorated, with couches.
Not exactly news, but why shouldn't the teenage soap crowd get their own "Sex and the City"?
Mr. Bloomberg came up with what sounded like a great plan for getting rid of the city's garbage, which has really had nowhere to go locally since the gigantic city landfill in Staten Island was closed.
Alluding to abortion and other issues on which Mr. Bush is appealing to his base, the pope said to the president, ''I also continue to follow with great appreciation your commitment to the promotion of moral values in American society, particularly with regard to respect for life and the family.''
Shown with an eight-minute short, Terri Edda Miller's ''Dysenchanted'' tonight at 6 and Sunday at 3:30 p.m. at the MoMA Gramercy Theater, 127 East 23rd Street, Manhattan, as part of the 33rd New Directors/New Films series of the Film Society of Lincoln Center and the department of film and media of the Museum of Modern Art.
Dr. Krepinevich, a retired Army lieutenant colonel, said private guard units are often well armed, but may not be under the same restraints as soldiers.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 25 - A new legal opinion by the Bush administration has concluded for the first time that some non-Iraqi prisoners captured by American forces in Iraq are not entitled to the protections of the Geneva Conventions, administration officials said Monday.
Ms. Skidmore, however, said that the current restriction ''doesn't mean that the law can't be expanded.''
Each apartment is to have a remote-controlled gas-burning fireplace and at least one balcony.
This is the last year of the A.C.C.
and 'Slow Boat to China' with the twinkling rhythmic inflections that made them favorites during his days with Mr. Kyser's band,'' John S. Wilson wrote in The New York Times.
It was a great public service, and as someone who dislikes pesky phone calls, I signed up promptly.
Real estate is very difficult to get in Queens and Manhattan, and when real estate is available, we pounce on it."
Nor do researchers know how different types of activity stack up in their effects, if any, on intelligence.
Some people posting messages on the liberal "Table Talk" section of Salon.com had their own concerns.
Contributions to the Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York.
But an opposing lawyer, Tony Bannon, argued in the court in Sydney that because copyright law in the United States differs from that in Australia, the case should go ahead regardless of events in the United States.
It was founded in 1968, and started at the very bottom of the outsourcing value chain: documents were flown into Mumbai, then known as Bombay, from other parts of India.
It was like she couldn't control it, like she wasn't taking her medicine.
Phone messages left yesterday at her chambers and home were not returned.
All values that travel well.
The plays involve clever, upper-middle-class families who occupy London drawing rooms or country houses.
''DATELINE NBC,'' ''Tom Brokaw Reports: D-Day: A Leap Into History,'' NBC, 7 p.m., Eastern and Pacific times; 6, Central time.
In previous years, they were treated differently, as two separate broadcasts.
Ideals of peaceful coexistence and negotiated settlements were not part of his vocabulary; rather, he was committed to ruthless murder and to wiping Israel off the map.
Liberty also owns Starz Encore, a cable programming company, and 50 percent of Discovery Communications, the privately held company that owns the Discovery Channel.
"I am very high on Greg.
Lincoln, Mr. Holzer said, favored the rhetorical techniques of antiphony (parallel contradictory double phrasing) and prosopopoeia (argument directed against an absent opponent).
She had been attending college as a refugee in Iran when her family pulled her out, alarmed that education might corrupt a young lady's morals.
It's a shock for a narcissist like me.
But the commission may begin separate state-aid investigations if the regional governments decide to re-inject money into the banks.
It was too much for Sabrina Berryhill's pocketbook.
Fred Gibson (66) finished second.
He was stabbed three times in his torso, and was listed in fair condition yesterday at Bellevue.
Every caper has its own dank logic.
The cast includes Simon Callow, Derek Jacobi, James Fox, John Hannah, Zoe Wanamaker, Joanna Lumley, above right, and Tara Fitzgerald.
He sent his daughter to London, allegedly with material showing that senior military officials approved of his activities, according to a friend of the Khan family.
Further Questions for Discussion: -When is a country “ready” for democracy?
Without admitting any wrongdoing, Medco has agreed to pay a modest cash settlement and, more important, to change its business practices.
Nor was Dr. Robinson alone in tamping down expectations.
Production of durable consumer goods and capital goods led the surge again in August, with automakers and machinery and equipment manufacturers raising output from a year ago by 45.6 percent and 30.5 percent, respectively.
To Lucile, his devoted wife, and family-we share your loss deeply.
In addition, using locally grown foods in feeding programs for infants and children will generate additional demand, helping African agriculture to strengthen itself.
The driver told the boys that he had "plenty of Halloween candy," the police said, and told them to "come here."
Duncan scored a team-high 16 points, and Allen Iverson scored 13.
European cultures have been concerned with these issues for centuries; the Slow Food movement, headquartered in Bra, Italy, has established an "Ark of Taste" to call attention to the rare cheeses and distinctive delicacies it believes are most likely to go the way of the dodo casserole.
She doesn't so much embody love and desire as provoke it in others.
n. What change has occurred in Louisville regarding its beliefs about desegregation and integration?
For many years, Greenmarket, which opened on East 59th Street in 1976, set the standard for American farmers markets.
Mr. Kerry seemed as loose on stage as those around him, engaging his audiences at every step, mugging for laughs as he mocked Mr. Bush's debate body language and basking in every yelled "You're the man, John!"
Easier to contemplate would be a typical big Northeastern or Midwestern city that lacks a subway.
"The horse stood as firm as the rider."
Sanofi announced a $60 billion bid for Aventis, its larger rival, on Jan. 26 and Aventis has been trying to fend off the bid.
They said they would urge Iraqis to stay away from the polls in January if the military operations against the city continued.
I figure I've lost a couple of inches on my vertical leap, but I plan to play basketball again.
Daddy taped dental floss to the steering wheel of her car each morning to remind her to floss before school and was none too pleased to discover her sexual orientation after sneaking a peek in her diary when she was 16.
Directed by Jonathan Glazer (R, 100 minutes).
But he did not lose his literary aspirations.
The 49ers also signed running back Kevan Barlow to a five-year contract extension.
announced that it might have to raise fares or cut services or both.
Ever since he sued the University of Southern California for fraud four years ago, accusing it of misusing his $1.6 million gift for biological research on aging and then lying about it, Paul F. Glenn has put his beneficiaries on a short leash.
At the Algarve Stadium in the seaside resort of Faro-Loulé, Hellmuth, Obata & Kassabaum topped the stadium with two billowing sails made of a tensile fabric structure held up by 65-foot masts and cables.
But that was not the end, Mr. McClary's lawyer said recently.
Will Parlux Fragrances seek an endorsement for its new Paris Hilton eau de parfum from the sportscaster Warner Wolf, to appear in ads that would carry the theme "Let's go to the videotape"?
He might have been obsessive-compulsive.
Mass 10:30AM at Our Lady Help of Christians R.C.
Revenue from the new compacts is estimated at $200 million a year.
Even so, the Happy Days String Band still meets from 7:30 p.m. to 9:30 p.m. every Wednesday at the Shark River Hills Firehouse in Neptune, rehearsing and hoping that young musicians will join one day -- saxophone honkers, accordion squeezers, tuba fetishists, trumpet blowers and, of course, banjo pluckers.
And through the first nine months of the year, Toyota's market share was 12.1 percent, up from 11.2 percent a year ago.
Haiti's population is heavily armed, the legacy of Mr. Aristide's practice of giving guns to gangs of slum youths; they served to bolster Haiti's weak and demoralized police force.
Musicians like John Handy, Dicky Wells, Sonny Greer, Fletcher Henderson and James Van Der Zee, the legendary Harlem photographer and sometime saxophonist, could often be found in NAMA's basement playing cards or tuning up in rehearsal rooms.
The law makes significant regulatory distinctions about certain industries, like cable and telephone, and certain kinds of services, including subscription and free over-the-air television, even though most consumers barely notice any differences among them.
But Intel was able to drive down the costs of its CISC-based manufacturing process, forcing rivals using the competing approach to fall by the wayside.
In the evening, at a lucrative drop-by in Old Greenwich, Conn., the state of his birth, Mr. Bush raised $1.1 million for his re-election campaign.
Seth (Adam Brody) is another story.
This is the dark side to China's new wealth: Envy, insecurity and social dislocation have come with the huge disparity between how the wealthy live and how the vast numbers of poor do.
Back home, Mr. Suozzi has gotten an equally chilly reception.
They try to push off blame for anything that's gone wrong during Mr. Bush's tenure on bigger forces, supposedly beyond his control.
HEIR TO THE GLIMMERING WORLD, by Cynthia Ozick.
Just a few minutes after the first shot exploded about 10:30 a.m., the school was put into lockdown, its roughly 1,400 students told to get on the floor and not leave their classrooms.
It depended on when he was asked.
++ means tickets were at the booth for last Friday night.
''America Unbound'' is the most ambitious and important study in this batch, not least because the authors painstakingly develop the provocative thesis that the president is not the Dubya of cartoonists, a dim puppet of a cabal of old-guard hawks and neocons, but the master puppeteer himself.
The Department of Defense has identified 800 American service members who have died since the start of the Iraq war.
"You always take stock after a loss like this, and it was a big disappointment," said Representative Richard A. Gephardt of Missouri, the longtime House Democratic leader who ran against Mr. Kerry for the presidential nomination, only to see his labor ties fail to bring him the Iowa victory he had hoped would propel his candidacy.
When the government gets involved in setting standards, as they do in the United Kingdom, France and Germany, the building quality is much higher.
By eliminating the rebel Kabila, perhaps, replacing Mobutu with someone more plausible and telling the Rwandan Army to go home?
n. From where did many of the workers restoring the ancient wall come?
Accounts controlled by Prince Bandar bin Sultan, Saudi Arabia's ambassador to the United States, have been scrutinized in the investigation, according to federal investigators involved in the inquiry.
He said he was optimistic.
Schilling improved to 8-2 lifetime in the postseason and became the first starting pitcher to win in the Series for three different teams, having also pitched for Arizona and Philadelphia.
''The real crux of this is that these are the genuine leaders of the Republican Party, but they certainly aren't going to be visible on television next week,'' Barry W. Lynn, executive director of Americans United for Separation of Church and State, said.
With his overwhelming election mandate, the shyly charismatic Karzai can better combat the corrupting power of the poppy growers, and then turn to the next stage in building a democracy: electing a parliament.
He was put in charge of the state's Department of Economic and Community Development, which gave him board seats on some of the state's quasi-public entities, and was named by the governor as chairman of the Connecticut Resources Recovery Authority, which handles trash disposal for much of the state.
The South African government spokesman, Mr. Netshitenzhe, defended the government's AIDS effort, saying it had the continent's biggest prevention program and expected to be providing drug treatment to 53,000 people by March.
''I guess one of the real questions is whether in National League cities that would be viewed as a positive extension or a negative extension of the concept.''
''But we shouldn't focus simply on the issues of airlines and steel,'' he said.
''It was a clear mission in Iraq to begin with: get Saddam Hussein out of power and find weapons of mass destruction,'' said Katherine Farina, a 28-year-old legal secretary from Denver, who has backed the war all along.
Eisenbud, of the global powerhouse International Management Group, indulged his very important client's gentle demand.
Ditto the Y, with its shared bathrooms.
wondered Lenny Crisci, a retired police officer from Long Island who held a picture of his brother, John A. Crisci, a Fire Department lieutenant.
Asymptote's design neatly captures both old and new: a series of curved platforms march down the Arsenale hall, each holding 3 to 11 models.
This year, Heritage Foods started providing a tracking number with every piece of meat it sells.
HealthSouth, which is negotiating to restructure $3.4 billion in debt, said in court papers it was responding to an imminent threat from some bondholders that could have forced a default and pushed it closer to bankruptcy.
That includes $20 million to create a database of registered voters and $160 million to help localities, Pataki administration officials said.
But my gravest concern about the piece, shared by scores of my correspondents (both supporters and opponents of the amendment), has to do with a dicier journalism issue: the fair representation of quotations.
For the last 10 years, he has set his sights on the art of the Pacific Northwest, where the spiritual world is often seen through the eyes of nature.
Like a wave beached on sand but still rolling, the Klee museum by Mr.
The Board of Governors and Members of High Ridge Country Club acknowledge with deep sorrow the passing of our esteemed member, Robert Winnerman.
Another participant is the political advertising agency that made the group's television commercial: Stevens Reed Curcio & Potholm, based in Alexandria, Va.
''They really have to set foot in the community.
Graciously, Senator John Kerry is granted the same discretion.
Bears have the ability to gorge and fatten up when food is abundant and then remain inactive for long periods -- and some of us seem almost pre-adapted along those lines.
Newark had originally envisioned its arena as home for both the Devils and the Nets, who both play now at Continental Arena in East Rutherford, 12 miles from the Newark arena site.
convention as a presidential candidate in 2000, but as president he has rejected all invitations to address the group.
The longest previous suspension for a hit was 21 games, handed out to Washington's Dale Hunter for blindsiding the Islanders' Pierre Turgeon in a 1993 playoff game.
Sadly, the junkie novelist Goines died at 37 in 1974 during a drug-related murder; his own life would make a great movie.
Her father is an internist in Kansas City.
''I've played in some pretty hairy places, like Boca's Monumental Stadium during the Copa Libertadores.
The American ambassador to Indonesia, Ralph L. Boyce, said that President Yudhoyono could restore Indonesia, a resource-rich nation with a population of 220 million, to its rightful place as a leader in the region.
Ms. Loduca had her own pot of green tea while Ms. Loecher sipped aromatic jasmine tea.
"He works every single day, from what I remember," he said.
But the team continued to monitor the heat of the suspension and alerted Schumacher to slow his pace to limit the risk of further damage.
You have to remember that all through World War II, a million or more black Americans fought in segregated units.
Over cocktails with a friend, I was telling the story of Gray Foy and Leo Lerman, when I remembered the drawing.
Virginia is tied with Miami atop theA.C.C., but the Cavaliers have lost their last 22 road games againsttop-ten teams and are 1-11 against the Seminoles since Florida Statejoined the A.C.C.
The euro was unchanged today at $1.2531.
''They don't have guys who make spectacular plays on a regular basis.
The decision on charges in the double killing was the first to crystallize the full effect of a June ruling by New York's highest court that said the state's death penalty law was flawed.
Indeed, some observations of Saturn's magnetic field had been made since Sunday, when the spacecraft crossed from interplanetary space into the sphere of the planet's magnetic forces.
A PICTURE taken today of Susan Kleinman Wechsler and her two toddlers outside their White Plains house could almost be mistaken for one taken of her grandmother or great-grandmother before her.
Café Einstein, on the Kurfürstenstrasse in western Berlin, Austrian in décor and spirit, serves coffee to make Starbucks blush and, after 11 a.m., superb apfelstrudel.
He was promoted in September to president and chief operating officer of Pappas.
Dave Nagy Morristown, N.J., July 29, 2004
Woo comes from a long line of mural painters; his mother and grandmother painted propaganda murals for the Chinese Communist government.
In a recent interview, he added yet another concern, saying he was not certain that towns in the Highlands would be sufficiently compensated for lost taxes.
The vice president had wanted to send people to www.factcheck.org., a nonpartisan site run by the University of Pennsylvania's Annenberg Public Policy Center.
And Disney's stock price has gained over the last two years -- outperforming the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index -- closing on Monday at $21.94, down 5 cents, though that is nearly 23 percent off its 52-week high of $28.41.
He has accused Judge Maliky and Dr. Allawi of using the charges to dismiss him just five months into his three-year term and win control of the tribunal; Dr. Allawi has said he resigned.
You want your customers on your side."
''The Gymnast, High Above the Ground'' is full of clever phrases and exotic slang, but the chorus made a simpler sort of sense.
In between he learned about politics at the École Normale Supérieure in Paris and economics at the University of Chicago, helped write a significant physics text (''Mathematics of Classical and Quantum Physics'' (Addison Wesley Publishing Company), taught at Columbia University, did a fellowship at Wesleyan University and was dean of faculty at Trinity College in Hartford.
If Westerners scoff at that, the argument has resonated with neighbors like Zambia, which banned a pro-democracy civic group last month on grounds strikingly similar to those in Zimbabwe's new laws.
She was very involved in community affairs and continued to paint as well.
Roy Oswalt became the National League's first 20-game winner, and Jeff Kent and Craig Biggio each homered twice, giving the host Houston Astros the National League wild-card lead with a 9-3 victory over the Colorado Rockies last night.
"His aides will say, "No one is going to remember what you did on taxes or Social Security.
His remarks, televised in Greece and Cypress, came amid international pressure on Athens to come out in support of the plan.
The commander in chief's darting eyes, Condoleezza Rice's wide-eyed stare, John Ashcroft's crooning and Paul Wolfowitz's spit-combing techniques are all deployed as if they provided evidence of the administration's overall badness.
When Saddam Hussein is charged with crimes against humanity in an Iraqi court on Thursday, much more will be at stake than his own fate.
He is the first layperson to hold the unpaid position since 1999.
''I took pictures, drew diagrams, and wrote a report,'' Mr. Mohamed said in court when he pleaded guilty to conspiracy in 2000.
But there is no question that politics matter.
What the public deserves is an honest vetting of the judicial process that allowed his name to be sullied in the first place.
And it's very hard to get them to do new things.''
Mr. Velky said he hoped to use the Kent reservation, and the land the tribe claims was taken, for new housing that will allow scattered tribe members to live ''in harmony'' with ''the neighboring community.''
''We needed something good from Greenspan,'' said Richard I. Sichel, chief investment officer of Philadelphia Trust, which manages $1 billion.
Neo-Georgian in Greenwich $12,900,000 CONNECTICUT: 35 Andrews Farm Road, Greenwich A 19-room brick colonial surrounded by formal English gardens with a heated pool, stone fountain, tennis court and greenhouse on 12.36 acres in a gated community.
Metro-North riders will also see reductions in cleaning and a postponing of increased service on the Mid-Harlem line after a third track is added to that line.
The Mittal family would end up with 88 percent of the new company.
And there is a constant smell of dead fish from the nearby Fulton Fish Market, whose packing crates litter the beach.
In an interview Saturday after an Olympic team practice at Stanford University's outdoor swim complex, she sounded amused that some people thought of her as old.
That Mr. Kennedy, 71, is working so hard for Mr. Kerry, 60, speaks volumes about how far their relationship has come, their advisers and associates say.
Mrs. Lash, a refugee from Germany who befriended Eleanor and Franklin D. Roosevelt, became the commission's program director in 1946 and was its executive director from 1952 to 1972.
Chicago Second Lien Wastewater Transmission, $65 million of revenue bonds.
A new store concept called Sears Grand, which is being developed in strip malls, adds products like milk and frozen pizza to the usual Sears lineup; the company says sales have been impressive but says it is too early to tell about profits.
''You have to tip your hat to them,'' Beck said.
Operating from dozens of armored vehicles overseen by helicopter gunships, Israeli troops confined thousands of Palestinians to their homes.
Then on Wednesday, he ordered the finance ministry and the exchange to set up a task force to scrutinize the financial reports of listed companies to prevent money laundering.
Mr. Fraser added, however, that strong growth in revenue witnessed in the last few years will probably start to taper off in the next 18 to 24 months.
ABC said it also received complaints.
October 2004: Crowned king of Cambodia.
Mr. Darby has testimonials galore.
The Electoral College's supporters argue that it plays an important role in balancing relations among the states, and protecting the interests of small states.
''We are a little bit concerned by the overall bullishness in the market right now,'' said Andrew Engel, senior research analyst at the Leuthold Group.
In the oil ''Harwich Lighthouse'' (1820), one of the earliest paintings on view, a towering, luminous mix of rose-tinged white and sullen gray clouds covers three-quarters of a fair blue sky, serving as backdrop for a tranquil view of a modest lighthouse, a path leading toward it and boats near the horizon.
Experts say new attention to the relays could reduce the tendency of the grid to unravel after an initial failure.
Moore is based in New Britain, Conn.
As Vice President of our Endowment Fund, Gerry's commitment to Bronx Science and its mission was an inspiration to us all.
Even Cordero, when reached by telephone, said he was happy for Bailey.
But some analysts said they feared the raise in rates was calculated to mute international demands that China revalue its currency.
But he also said that he was aware of the city's growing need for new power.
That argument, say the preservationists, is shortsighted.
Co-op is also much cheaper than Barneys, which sells designers like Dolce & Gabbana and Giorgio Armani.
Tonight at 7:30, Weill Recital Hall, Carnegie Hall, (212) 247-7800.
Senator John Kerry announced on Wednesday that he would accept the Democratic nomination at his party's convention in Boston in July, abandoning the idea of a strategic delay to narrow President Bush's substantial financial advantage.
He would not give his name.
The advertisement, rather like an echo from the presidential campaign, accuses Dr. Boustany of favoring tax cuts for the rich, and never mind the pain for the poor in Louisiana.
Andreina, who lives in Upper Manhattan, scored 575 and missed.
"The only thing I was aware of was Prozac," Cheryl told me.
That's where the governor belongs.
Jonathan Caouette's "Tarnation" is a hard film to classify.
By failing to push through the kind of tough political contributions law he promised three years ago, he has left New Jersey's line between legal fund-raising and the criminal abuse of public office so blurry that the state's politicians themselves sometimes do not even recognize when they stray too close to it.
To the Editor: Re "Police Allow the Return of Bicycles From Rallies" (news article, Sept. 18): I was pleased to see that the bicycles seized in anticipation of and during the Republican National Convention in New York, including my son's bike, will now be returned.
There are separate bathing facilities for men and women once the yukatas are shed.
Inside their skulls or file cabinets or hard drives, there are answers that are either unobtainable or unpresentable because of the filmmaker's aversion to detail and complication, and the viewer never knows which is the case.
Frankie, in fact, is just one of dozens of new underage reality TV stars.
The Kappes did the decorating, which has remained largely unchanged since the house was built.
''The solution to our problem has got to come from Trenton,'' he said, explaining that about 60 percent of the township's budget goes to its schools.
Unlike other companies with franchise operations that they occasionally reacquire, Krispy Kreme does not reduce the value of these assets on its books over time, known in accounting parlance as amortization.
''Anyone who kills a Jew or harms an Israeli citizen, or sends people to kill Jews, is a marked man, period,'' Mr. Sharon was quoted as telling the Israeli newspaper Haaretz.
But Jeter, running on his own and no longer bothered by a groin injury, took off for third with Hideki Matsui batting.
"I would rather go to the gym than watch Houston or the Cardinals play Boston in the Series, and I haven't gone to the gym in four years," said Gary Portnoy, a 35-year-old electrician who watched the game with other Yankees fans at Time Out sports bar on the Upper West Side.
Now, Ms. Teplitzky said, some are "finding themselves being a little bored in suburbia."
He went from playing that tough-talking murderer to the nerdy cab driver forced to chauffeur an assassin around on a nightlong killing spree in "Collateral."
Devereux Chatillon, an expert in First Amendment law at Sonnenschein, Nath & Rosenthal, a New York law firm, said that even though the advertisement was gone, it could still spell legal trouble.
The ideal is to gaze upon lions and leopards stealthily stalking their prey as you creep ever closer, telephoto-equipped Nikon at the ready.
He wrote the score for Ken Russell's drug-addled science-fiction film ''Altered States'' at around the same time -- and his technical resources here are up to the task.
Watching television has always been a passive activity, with people selecting their entertainment in the privacy of their homes.
It's unfortunate that this series does not include any Schoenberg works actually written in the United States, but at least it provides a suggestive lens through which to sample this worthy yet little-known music.
David Munro, the chief executive of RMC, which has been cutting costs and closing some plants because of disappointing concrete demand in Western Europe, said in a statement, "Being part of a powerful new group within the global heavy building materials industry will offer great scope and opportunities to our staff."
In barely four years, the payroll more than made up for the public cash, said Andrea Burnett, a spokeswoman for the company, which is based in Tampa.
Sheriff's deputies seized everything they could, including Isleworth's golf carts and riding mowers.
''If you accept the fact that the numbers have increased, you must seek an environmental cause,'' said Mark Blaxill, of Cambridge, Mass., a member of the board of SafeMinds, one of several advocacy groups that view some vaccines given to toddlers as a likely cause of the increase in autism.
"The intentions of the society that ran it were good," he says.
"You can't really trust the validity of results in almost any sport for the last several years," said Ed Williams, a New York lawyer who represented three track athletes in the Balco case.
But approval by Congress would be an acknowledgment of modern tribal power, especially if the president presented it this September at the opening of the National Museum of the American Indian in Washington.
Mr. McCain said he was in New York City, promoting a book, when he learned of his wife's stroke.
Benchmarks: Knows how the health of individuals can be influenced by the community; Understands how the environment influences the health of the community; Understands how the prevention and control of health problems are influenced by research and medical advances Physical Education Standard 3 – Understands the benefits and costs associated with participation in physical activity.
The seven men, along with a girlfriend of Mr. Guardino also named in the indictment, surrendered to the police yesterday.
Rhona Hoffman, another Chicago gallery owner, agreed.
''But at the very end I saw Kenny out of the side of my eye, and the center fielder always has the first privilege in the outfield.
They continue to have it after mingling -- for example, the fertilized ovum that does not lodge itself in the wall of the womb.
Sales rose last year for the first time in six years.
Ms. Rice said the president would address how to deal with countries that ''pursue what are supposedly civilian uses of nuclear power, but, in fact, use that as a cover to producing or for pursuing military uses and perhaps nuclear weapons development.''
MTV crowned Mr. Jackson the King of Pop, and now its sister network VH1 is merely staking its claim in the dethroning bonanza.
Aides said the senator, if elected, would also continue the American policy of insisting that whatever happens to Mr. Arafat, attacks on Israelis must stop before discussions resume on a Palestinian state.
''But there were people of means who didn't want to stand in line who didn't know about this.''
Like many of its predecessors at this North Fork property, Mr. Goerler's deftly made 2002 sauvignon blanc is a chef's friend.
He sounded very much like Professor Colangelo, who says that children want to compete and can cope with defeat a lot better than adults imagine.
HADDONFIELD SYMPHONY Steinway and Sons Spotlight Performance.
I thought I could hear myself snore, and I would lie awake at 5 a.m., wondering what had woken me up.
''Everyone Gets Lighter'' is the good-news message on a billboard across the street from the Snug Harbor Cultural Center.
Last month, attacks against American forces reached their highest level yet, with nearly 2,700 attacks.
The MetroStars had to start goalie Zach Wells in place of Jonny Walker on Saturday in a deflating 3-1 loss in San Jose.
The three-month bills mature on May 13and the six-month bills on Aug. 12.
And a correction in this space yesterday misspelled the name of that horse's actual trainer.
''He doesn't want a huge number of shares out there in the hands of people looking for short-term gains,'' said Andrew Kilpatrick, the author of the book, ''Of Permanent Value: The Story of Warren Buffett.''
Although banned by the Iranian Constitution, the use of torture has been common in prisons and during interrogations.
Recently, I had an evening function to go to in the city.
That warning remains in use today.
The specter of a disappointed life hangs over Mr. Payne's film "Sideways," casting shadows so deep and so dark it's a wonder that the story's nearly broken hero hasn't drowned in them.
Three people were indicted yesterday in Federal District Court in Manhattan on charges that they defrauded the New York branch of the Bank of China out of more than $25 million.
When Mr. Hoel said no, she walked to his side, signaled for a court officer to summon help and cleared the courtroom.
''Deep down, most of our Spin Sisters are just good old-fashioned left-wingers, wired for a liberal response to every issue,'' she writes.
This watchdog organization, calling the poster irresponsible, upheld a complaint that the advertisement by the BMG record label could be interpreted as glorifying gun use, but it rejected a contention that it promoted racial stereotypes.
The files that were created in the past often proved to be laughably inaccurate.
O.K., so he owns only 10 wells and an interest in 2 others, most barely yielding a barrel a day.
But the most interesting result of his manipulations is "Pretty Waters," a repeated strip of an inlet lined with low-slung houses, tall palm trees and small boats moored in the blue water; it looks like an idyllic -- if gated -- summer colony.
Each is topped with a woman's head; the two heads face each other, their lips almost touching.
Ms. Fay now acknowledges that many recent émigré's have confirmed the book's image of the composer's ''personal views.''
provoked this disturbing answer: ''Expertise could even be a hindrance.''
''People have vilified us for it,'' Mr. Power said.
In expanding north and west, capitalizing on big-dollar sites, Nascar has left some of its core crowd dealing with abandonment issues.
I was 27, running a little business at General Electric, about $5 million with 12 employees, and I was having some sort of problem.
Just north of the state park, most of the homeowners in the Titusville area were keeping close watch of the rising tide and waiting it out.
CHICAGO BLACKHAWKS -- Re-signed D Steve McCarthy and G Craig Anderson.
She is not the only one who thinks so.
AstraZeneca executives once had high hopes for Crestor.
The Interfaith Center will have 10 offices and two conference rooms and pay only for telephone service and electricity.
Audrey II moves via mechanical and human strength.
As for the mystery around Mr. Dollens's departure, Guidant offered only a promise to report its succession plans before the end of the year.
But the desire to say yes certainly is not enough of a reason to buy into a project that will require considerable financial commitment from taxpayers and leave us with a hulking and not particularly attractive stadium built to accommodate a handful of football games a year.
Robert M. Riggs, Chairman of the Board of Trustees Michele Tolela Myers, President
''Winter was the ideal time for such activity: farmers had more free time, the wood cut best at that time and logs were easily sledded on the snowy ground.
"'I have a plan' is the end of his answer -- 'I have a plan to educate our children, I have a plan that will produce more jobs.'
Mother of Edmond and Kathleen, Michael and Claire, John and the late Martin.
The level is not clear.
As tourists returned in numbers to New York, the city showed its friendly side.
Yet Vice President Dick Cheney looked at the same report and came to the opposite conclusion.
The future of the Japanese company and its relationship with DaimlerChrysler are not clear at this point.
You see it every day on TV, but no one listens.
Ever since their split, Woods has often said that he and Harmon were still friends, and maybe they are.
One of the twins is the spitting image of K.!'
''It is an urgent problem,'' he said, ''but we have learned that an ad hoc reaction may make it worse.''
He now serves as host of a show on the CBS Web site called "Survivor Live," where he interviews each week's castoff and discusses overall strategy.
The Peoples Bank also ended years of regulations tightly limiting the maximum interest rates that banks could charge on loans.
"We have to be more agile than the insurgents in getting our message out," said Col. Lloyd Miles, commander of the 25th Infantry Division's brigade in this region.
In the 50's and 60's, David Ben-Gurion, Israel's founding prime minister, took a shine to the brash leader of Israel's commandos.
''They embrace using zoning in an anti-market way on Staten Island for neighborhood preservation, said Mr. Lander, the director of Pratt Institute's Center for Community and Environmental Development, ''but they are not willing to use it for broader social and political purposes.''
She will be deeply missed by all the lives that she touched.
The Republican candidate, Goli Ameri, seized on the report, changing the tenor of a race that had previously centered on issues like foreign policy and the future of Social Security.
Recommended dishes -- Ragda patties, tawa crab, kada masala jinga, lasuni dhania murgh, tandoori wings, signature lamb chops, andhra chicken curry, bagare baigan, hara tikki, saag paneer, bagar dal, Manchurian chicken, Sunday brunch buffet.
In a letter to Oracle executives Saturday night, A. George Battle, a PeopleSoft director who heads the committee charged with reviewing the offer, urged the company to raise its offer.
That's partly why more than 30 state attorneys general asked the Supreme Court to reaffirm a state's right to regulate alcohol.
Lawrence Markey 42 East 76th Street Through tomorrow In 1990 an exhibition of work by Fred Sandback, the master of the Minimalist string sculpture, who died last year at 59, inaugurated Lawrence Markey's low-key and well-respected gallery.
''You can live on ramen noodles and baked beans, or you can learn to cook.''
Grupo TMM, a Mexican transportation company, agreed to sell control of the country's biggest railroad, Transportación Ferroviaria Mexicana, to Kansas City Southern.
Brownlie said that although the original aerodynamic research on bicycle racing was done for the United States Olympic team in 1984, progress could still be made.
Houston and his teammates took some time to recuperate Wednesday at practice, when Coach Lenny Wilkens had the Knicks spend nearly three hours walking through their plays, adding new sets and reviewing basketball basics.
Board meetings have to have fewer PowerPoint presentations and more dialogue.
Initially, Mr. Zulkey served as a litigator and performed some of his general counsel functions.
Dozens of reader programs are currently available.
Just as the Scouts have a First Amendment right to bar gays, the appeals court said, law schools may prohibit groups that they consider discriminatory.
You entered a small living room with a sofa (which folded out into a rather flimsy double bed), a director's chair, a wood chest used as a coffee table and a television.
The storm also knocked out power to more than 370,000 people, and 90,000 remained without power yesterday, energy companies said.
In the video of the beheading, an insurgent wearing a ski mask and surrounded by four men with assault rifles says the group is killing Mr. Armstrong because the American occupiers and the interim Iraqi government failed to meet the deadline.
He has not increased the tax in the last two years and has pledged to keep the levy at its current level next year.
Given their near stranglehold on the Broadway business, they've got the throw weight to change the boundaries.
''We have had discussions related to items being disallowed that were in the $200 range,'' he said.
''TRIBECA, YESTERDAY AND TODAY'' focuses on the history and architecture of that neighborhood and its famous residents, past and present.
But in places on Florida's east coast, Mr. Bonner said, Hurricane Frances has left beaches with what geologists call their winter profile, the shape they have after harsh winter weather has eroded them, and before gentle summer weather carries sand back on shore.
She is the director of Summerbridge Cambridge, a nonprofit educational program that helps low-income middle school students prepare for college and trains high school and college students for careers in teaching.
This corporate feud, called the War of the Electric Currents, was so vicious that Edison pushed for an electric chair operated with Westinghouse alternating current generators, a lethal demise his delighted executives dubbed ''being Westinghoused.''
''A lot of women out there say, 'Get thee to Alaska.'
Other issues with Saudi oil are also generating talk in Houston's executive suites, among them a technical critique of Saudi Arabia's ability to produce abundant oil cheaply.
"My mom had open heart surgery three weeks ago," Mr. Ludwig said.
Not the car market, which is the abiding obsession of everybody else here, but the currency market.
Michael Pollock, publisher of the Pleasantville-based Gaming Industry Observer, said the run of bad news, including the Miss America announcement, should have little effect on the otherwise good run the casino industry in town is having.
Shots rang out, and the Americans set off what witnesses described as a "noise bomb," an amplified blasting sound intended to intimidate people or frighten them away.
The real corruption is moral.
If you are inspired to create your own flavors, Oster sells a futuristic chrome shake maker, right, that has two speeds and costs about $50 in housewares stores.
The promised economic boom hasn't materialized, Iraq is a bloody quagmire, and Osama bin Laden has gone from "dead or alive" to he-who-must-not-be-named.
And indeed, the measures proposed by Mr. Vitale and Mr. Gusciora would have allowed nonprofit groups or hospitals to run exchange programs under state supervision, and would have legalized the purchase of syringes without prescriptions at pharmacies.
''I just stay here,'' he said.
But if that's true, why did he marry.
Nimrod appears in the book of Genesis and is identified as a mighty hunter, but of course the term has a more widespread colloquial meaning as a slang insult, along the lines of nerd, loser or dork.
''Music blogs in general remind me of that friend you had in high school who would turn you on to the best bands,'' she said.
''One of the features of HammerTap software is shill-bidding detection,'' she noted.
The floors are laid in gray stone imported from Italy.
The senior forward Kyle Cuffe, however, said: ''So much stuff has happened this year, my reaction was, 'Let's get ready to go.'
He attended Johns Hopkins University, majoring in English literature as an undergraduate, and received an A.B.
Both the rib-eye and the tenderloin steaks were delicious; the Portobello mushroom on the tenderloin was too sharp with vinegar.
''But if I had to pick between the decision and the friendship, I'd say she made the right calls.''
-Who was most affected by the coup?
Eventually there was nothing but the mountains and the tundra -- nothing artificial to be seen.
New Jersey is more corrupt than most states but hardly the most corrupt, according to a new survey.
With a $75 million budget from the United States and a team of international legal experts, the tribunal, working from offices in the American command compound in Baghdad, has been sifting through tons of documents and witness statements.
So at the end of the day, all we have left is laptop repair?
"A French admiral once told me: 'Your generals' problem is our generals' problem: we are stretched too thin,' said Andrew Krepinevich, executive director of the Center for Strategic and Budgetary Assessments, a military policy organization.
While neighboring East Side co-ops advertise their light-filled rooms, rosewood parquet floors and marble en suite bathrooms, the ''dirty tour'' at the United Nations headquarters building looks at real estate from a different perspective.
I just want the food to be dependable.
"We're going to spend money," Ratner said.
''In the end we published what we liked.''
This extensive and enthralling exhibition of drawings, prints, books, magazines, fabric pattern designs, illustrations and other fashion-related materials -- excluding photography -- was drawn from the special collections of the institute's Gladys Marcus Library.
Despite the questions, civic leaders in Brooklyn and the Bronx praised the city's approach.
He gave a surprising answer.
Gallery admission is free unless noted.
I'll continue my mission on behalf of Mr. Bush by traveling to two more giants in our coalition: Latvia and Lithuania.
When Vilma was asked if he could see himself being compared to the Ravens' Ray Lewis, a former Hurricane who is now one of the most dominating players in the league, Vilma said yes.
There's never an impending revolution.''
While Rational Fashion began in earnest last summer, Mr. Mohrer has devoted most of his time to it only since graduation.
Beloved wife of the late Laurence M. Loving sister of Eleanor J. Greenan.
But she said she is also seeing her efforts bear fruit, not just financially.
"The compromise looks more like a bailout for the big media companies rather than a serious effort to get indecent programming off the air," said Gene Kimmelman, the senior director of public policy for Consumers Union.
Former neighbors of Mr. Yates said yesterday they were angry that he could serve jail time.
officers about the potential consequences of their actions.
You could pin successive extra-inning losses completed in the same day on the bullpen.
''It will increase sprawl in towns already overburdened with overdevelopment.''
''It's a fallacious assumption that distorts the issue,'' Mr. Shapiro said.
Lofton and Jeter easily scored to give the Yankees a 4-2 lead.
Mr. Iversen concedes that traveling could be more exhausting in the 1960's, when flying to Tokyo from Copenhagen took 30 hours, compared with 14 hours today.
It's rather unlikely that he knew it, but he was quoting, almost verbatim, another boxer, one who'd fought and died two millenniums earlier.
No patients have shown signs of any infection so far, hospital officials said.
While revenue was flat, the loss widened from 58.3 million euros the prior year, partly because Walt Disney no longer waives some royalty payments.
Merton claimed that his very enterprise was an example of serendipity: he stumbled on the word while browsing in the Oxford English Dictionary.
The bombing of the ceremony was the worst of the day's violence in Iraq, but there was plenty elsewhere, five car bombs in all.
But Gagné had to take it because the loose stick came at him.
Olde Towne Team Never mind the Yankees and Mets.
There was some visible eye rolling at the specter of creeping child coddling.
Starting with the rise of Tin Pan Alley in 1888, the book covers the popular genres in the century that followed, from ragtime, jazz, blues and folk to Broadway, Hollywood, country, rock and reggae.
Mr. Graffin plays the work in the spirit of its time, with well-judged portamento to give the sweetly turned melodies an extra measure of shapeliness and heart.
The CBS lineup won every hour of Monday night, according to the Nielsen overnight ratings.
Why do companies, especially those doing business on the Internet, come up with the clunkiest, most moronic proper nouns in the English language?
In his view, California has the research infrastructure and the financial ability to support this venture.
What makes the new store called Manhattan Center for Kitchen and Bath different?
President Mesa has tried to defuse tensions by pledging to negotiate and avoid the use of force, even in villages where officials have been forced out.
They leave when the money runs out, as it did in March.
Ms. Jones's high school years coincided with the peak of the anti-Vietnam War protests, and she was an active participant.
In a pitch-perfect touch, charismatic servers hustle over with lavish appetizer spreads of cheeses, prosciutto, meatballs and sun-dried tomatoes.
As American forces continued battling Sunni Muslims in Falluja and other troops began deploying south to challenge insurgents who have seized control of three major Shiite cities, rebels kidnapped several foreign civilians on Thursday and threatened to execute them.
Helen F. Christiansen came to the shelter from her home in Bokeelia, on Pine Island on the Gulf Coast.
Also, as attested by the march of new billboards from the airport highway, businesses increasingly base their regional headquarters here.
Frank Pritchard, the recently widowed, recently ousted corporate honcho of Michael Mewshaw's ISLAND TEMPEST (Putnam, $25.95), is convinced the whole universe is working against him.
Blood tests revealed a severe deficiency of potassium, which plays an important role in muscle functioning.
On Friday, the chairman of the election commission suggested that perhaps the state channels had overdone coverage of Mr. Putin's speech.
Maybe it's a premonition of making do with less in some coming era of scarcity; maybe it's an instinctive withdrawal, or a vacation, from too much information.
Simpson had one that's still sealed someplace, because when people have tried to convince judges of the scientific value of it, they realize it's mostly speculative."
But it also makes for some monumental mood changes.
But Mr. Mordecai said he was confident that "Gem," which has a healthy advance for a new play ($750,000 and counting), would find an audience.
She would have preferred to go to trial, she said, not because she was looking for a big payday, but because all the details of her case would then have come out publicly.
"My conscience is clear," the former prime minister said after the court's announcement.
The jobs number "doesn't confirm Greenspan's assertion that the soft patch is behind us," said David Gilmore, a partner at Foreign Exchange Analytics in Essex, Conn. "And suddenly we are beginning to question if we are still in a soft patch and people are skeptical about Greenspan's optimism."
Three city councilwomen yesterday proposed creating a City Council Independent Office of Workplace Integrity to investigate sexual harassment, ethics and discrimination complaints involving council members and their staffs.
I can't offer them a piece of my fame and bragging rights like a rock star, or cocaine and a mansion like so many other men in Los Angeles.
América Móvil, the largest wireless telecommunications company in Latin America, reported that revenue and profit rose in the first quarter, helped by growth in Mexico and South America.
Although Zeile fashions himself a part-time actor, he is more involved with the business side of the operation.
Mussina has not missed a start since joining the Yankees.
Did she like doing the doll's hair?
Like the Nets sale, the Devils transaction will not be completed until the pending dissolution of YankeeNets is final.
Ms. Michel points to the fashion-obsessed Swedish band the Hives, whose look for their second album, ''Tyrannosaurus Hives,'' which came out on Tuesday, is white blazers and white 1930's-style spats.
"Normally, we don't go IHOP's," Joyce Flowers, a schoolteacher dressed in her Sunday finest, said with an indignant sniff.
The camp was run by the Knicks' Charles Oakley.
tempt extreme risk-takers by approving performance-enhancing surgery?
For teenagers, reckless driving, impulsive behavior and drunken driving make auto accidents a leading cause of death.
The pattern of these efforts is one of deliberate rather than random acts.
Rolf Wagner, 45, an information technology consultant in Bensheim, Germany, started a similar service, EZ Torrent (easytree.org), after seeing Sharingthegroove.
Ever since we learned that this was not true, the question has been whether Mr. Bush gave a good-faith account of the best available intelligence, or knowingly deceived the public.
Quamain also helped push his grandmother Clara Gardner, 65, the wife of James Gardner, out the window, Yvette said.
Phyllis Burlage, an accountant in Millersville, Md., whose clients include several small businesses, said rising health insurance costs were driving some employers to skirt age-discrimination law by hiring only younger workers as a way to reduce premiums.