It was, the State Department said, a ''positive step.''
Two-Thirds of Fuel Is Out But the company added that the final shipments of debris from Unit 2 to a Federal facility in Idaho, reducing radiation levels and disposing of about 2 million gallons of radiation-laced water would probably go on into 1989.
He slashes and distorts on ''West Side Soul,'' he trembles at the bottom of his range on ''How Can You Leave Me, Little Girl,'' and he lopes along, tossing off jazz chords, on ''Can't Call You No More.''
At times, the new solo looked like a metaphoric, cocky trudge through life.
One American intelligence official attributed this to the average Afghan tribesman's ability to learn quickly.
The central question of copulation literature is when and how the lovers will couple or not couple amid many impediments and their hot desires.
In an effort to accommodate Columbia I said I would not repeat the offer during the next semester.
Five Republican Senators have placed a ''hold'' on the nomination of C. William Verity Jr. as Commerce Secretary.
The study results also carry a warning flag to investors who put too much faith in projected earnings results.
But we can't, not really.
(Be forewarned: Excessive amounts of popcorn combined with vast quantities of water expand geometrically in the stomach over a period of hours.)
Robert C. McFarlane, President Reagan's former national security adviser, is scheduled as the next witness when the hearings resume Monday.
Last year the Reagan Administration encouraged Congress to withold part of the United States budget contribution, partly in the hope of obtaining changes that would make the organization more efficent and less political.
In an article Oct. 11 about judicial candidates, a statement by Judge Joan B. Lefkowitz, who was appointed to the Family Court in May and is seeking a full 10-year term, included an incorrect word.
The only jarring note is the background radio music.
The House Speaker, Jim Wright, who two months ago agreed to collaborate with President Reagan on a peace plan for Central America, said the Reagan-Wright plan was ''no longer operative.''
Some local boards have heartily endorsed large developments.
After accepting the responsibility, he accepted Mr. Sasso's resignation and got back to business.
But as for dollars and cents, he says, such projects rarely make sense.
Lieutenant Rankin said the youth was attacked by three teen-agers who made an unsuccessful attempt to take his leather jacket.
The most daring television station will not show two males hugging one another or even holding hands.
David K. Hill, president of the Chicago-based home-building company Kimballhill Inc., saw a 10 to 20 percent decrease in customer inquiries last week, a decline he attributed to the World Series and the cold Chicago weather as much as to the news from Wall Street.
LYNN HECHT SCHAFRAN New York, Oct. 27, 1987
The agreement reached by the General Assembly's budget committee is a compromise between third world nations, which want the conference centers, and most Western countries, which oppose the spending because of the United Nations' financial difficulties and the Ethiopian famine.
Brazil needs new loans, and the lenders need Brazil's interest payments to keep up their earnings.
Cooper regards the process of gentrification, the conversion of low or middle-income neighborhoods into more expensive ones, with a similar kind of acceptance.
I mean this last five years of this Administration the economy has generated 13.5 million new jobs, so.
The New York City Board of Education, at the urging of the City Health Commissioner, is distributing 1.5 million disposable gloves to all city schools in an effort to protect teachers and other employees from contracting AIDS.
He had recently stopped and asked if I wanted a lawn tool that would otherwise go to the garbage men.
He admits, as he must considering the evidence, that it was a gross error to accept a $14,000 home security system and then try to cover up the transaction.
has identified as central to its strategy for the 1990's.
A second all-white jury found him guilty and sentenced him to death.
I have received many complaints from area cyclists about the condition of the pathway and have communicated their thoughts to the County Executive and to the Parks Department.
Break it open and let's see how long it takes you to pour it all into me, every drop.
Results of the pollution-control programs of all 50 states were recently evaluated by the Fund for Renewable Energy and the Environment, a Washington-based conservation lobby.
The action surprised officials and led them to hope for a break in negotiations.
Try heating the decals with a hair dryer or heat lamp.
Politicians the Mayor used to call his ''good friends'' have been toppled, commissioners have changed jobs, key positions have gone to newcomers, and there is no sign yet that equanimity is at hand.
''By placing it at a 45-degree angle, it alleviates that problem and opens up more vistas for the apartments.
No new issues were brought to market as investors remained on the sidelines ahead of the weekend.
''There is no condition whatsoever, nor any kind of commitments,'' he said.
''People often think they have total replacement value, and they don't,'' said Stephen Fitzpatrick, vice president in charge of personal property insurance at the Home Insurance Company in Chicago.
But the situation is changing.
NEW MEXICO HIGHLANDS - Announced the resignation of Dan Shonka, head football coach.
''We encourage the use of the word because it decriminalizes it,'' said Victoria Reed, a 360-pound nurse at Norwalk Hospital.
Perhaps no nongovernmental project in the eight years of Sandinista rule in Nicaragua has been as fully supported by the Government as the production of ''Walker.''
Both the transistor and integrated circuit are United States inventions.
Helene Hanff...Anne Bancroft Frank Doel...Anthony Hopkins Nora Doel...Judi Dench Maxine Bellamy...Jean De Baer George Martin...Maurice Denham Cecily Farr...Eleanor David Kay...Mercedes Ruehl Brian...Daniel Gerroll Megan Wells...Wendy Morgan Bill Humphries...Ian McNeice Ginny...J. Smith-Cameron Ed...Tom Isbell
But beyond the specific proposals, the report attempted to establish a new philosophical framework for the issue of competitiveness.
But while school authorities encourage students to dream the American dream, employment opportunities for Palestinians are limited in the occupied territories.
Tickets are from $10 to $15.
Before I ask you questions about it, let me just ask you to tell us generally what a National Security Decision Directive is.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*NORTHEAST UTILITIES (NYSE) 12mo Aug 31 1987 1986 Revenue 2,038,578,000 2,056,711,000 Net inc 250,728,000 307,140,000 Share earns 2.31 2.85 View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Mark Eaton of the Utah Jazz and Manute Bol of the Washington Bullets, the top shot-blockers, had 10 and 8 votes, respectively.
When Attorney General Herbert Brownell announced in 1953 that he would attempt to have it designated ''subversive,'' membership, once around 4,000, dwindled to 500.
''It seems implausible to assume that a person who has hypnosis as the only anesthetic for major surgery, childbirth, extensive dental work,'' or other major operations ''reports little or no pain merely to meet the demands of the situation, that is, to fool or to please the hypnotist,'' wrote Martin Orne, a psychiatrist at the University of Pennsylvania, with two colleagues.
But now Donald Trump, the New York real-estate developer who helped raise the average salary in the National Football League, is dedicated to the proposition that Atlantic City must not turn into the United States Football League of boxing.
Scientists Laud Progress In public and private briefings here, a group of scientists and engineers from around the country who strongly support the program briefed Mr. Reagan on a wide range of projects, contending that they had made enormous progress in four years.
THE ''I can replace it wholesale if I need to'' mentality currently coming into vogue in the computer marketplace may be particularly important to have if one is considering the purchase of a Tandon PCA ($3,725 with a 40-megabyte hard disk from the Tandon Corporation, Chatsworth, Calif., 91311, (800) 556-1234).
Many city and county governments have been so weakened by cuts in Federal aid that state officials around the country, despite a history of bitter relations with their cities and counties, have begun a movement to persuade their legislatures to give the local governments broader taxing powers.
Mr. Reagan did not identify the Bork critic he was quoting.
Biologists seek to understand mating patterns by investigating, among other things, how much time and energy each parent ''invests'' in its offspring, and how a male or female can maximize its chances of passing on its genes - the only test of evolutionary success.
Colleagues of Mr. Engen, who expressed surprise at his announcement, offered little speculation on a possible successor.
There is indeed a substantial echo of that atmosphere in the poor nation, which may be represented by Lehman College, where I teach; but because we aren't surrounded by high-wire performers, we can, if we wish, continue to be old-fashioned clowns.
Contrary to its presentation on television, Mr. Pintauro reminds us, gay life in America isn't limited to an exotic big-city culture, but encompasses every class and religion and touches many families.
According to Mr. Owens's account, what Mr. Grice had said, right after the two men had sex, was that he had AIDS.
Kjell Dahlin had a hat trick for them, and the Canadiens' finished with a nine-game winning streak, the longest in hockey this season, and a 10-game unbeaten streak.
It would be difficult, for example, to pass a law governing public places along the lines of the tough New York model, which has been widely reported by the press here.
It's only slightly disquieting to read about trade deficits, or about dismaying events like the closing of a major General Motors facility in Ohio.
It often suits raiders who prefer greenmail to a costly and uncertain battle.
''There were no physical signs of abuse, just the sort of scrapes a 6-year-old can pick up on roller skates.
Accountants say one major reason they request extensions is that they do not get information on their clients' tax shelters early enough.
The averages in the state have changed little over the last five years.
In 1980, the city paid 40 percent of the zoo's $2.5 million operating budget.
Industry sources said, however, that several Japanese oil companies have agreed to five-month contracts from the Saudis.
He spoke about achieving new levels of excellence at the center.
With the lure of eventual profitability in a Soviet market, Mr. Gorbachev seeks to overcome a deep-rooted opposition here to helping the Russians economically.
Once his companies were named, Mr. Ronson immediately returned the funds to Guinness.
He also asked for more time to find a country other than the Soviet Union where Mr. Linnas could go.
Some candidates slipped quietly from stage to stage in an attempt to secure alliances and avoid open splits.
Certainly we recognize that in a transition year, particularly with the form that we put out, it has been difficult for people to understand.
-H. D. K., Dunedin, Fla. Answer:Dominica - whether it likes it or not - has a low profile.
Iran could finish off Iraq, threaten Saudi Arabia with subversion and force it to raise oil prices back to $35 a barrel.
''I would use any substantial pullback to buy bonds,'' he said.
That, if I may say so, is why works of art are not required to exist.
He chides Western bankers for exacerbating the problem by promoting themselves as safe havens for foreign deposits.
Rony Seikaly scored 18 points tonight as Syracuse claimed a share of the Big East Conference regular-season title with an 87-63 victory over Boston College.
''As store executives became more involved in financial matters, fashion directors became more creative.''
''Generoso Pope Jr., who bought the magazine in 1952, carved out his own market,'' Mr. Linskey said of the man who still owns the privately held publication.
''Without crash-protected information,'' it said, ''future investigations will have even less evidence than is currently available on conventional aircraft from cockpit instruments, light bulbs, switch settings, etc.
Describing his own work in a concluding note to ''The Road to Miltown,'' Perelman noted, ''If I were to apply for a library card in Paris, I would subscribe myself as a feuilletoniste, that is to say, a writer of little leaves.''
Over the next two years, gate duty will be turned over to sailors or civilian police as marine anti-terrorist teams start guarding such critical installations as communication centers, ammunition depots or docks where nuclear submarines are refueled.
Mr. Turkel of the City Club said he still thought that Mr. Zucker's role should be clarified and limited.
In 1974, citing fire code violations, the city closed the bulding permanently.
WHAT musical begins with a vaudeville routine, has a mock Russian ballet as a first-act finale, ends with an American jazz ballet and, all along, offers one dandy musical comedy song-and-dance number after another in a tradition that bespeaks the best of Broadway?
The moderator was Charles J. Ogletree, a visiting professor at the Harvard Law School.
It's a souffle, a kind of extravaganza that she puts together in front of everybody, following a meal that she had nothing to do with.
A TRULY capitalist country is one that can afford not one but several annual collections of ''best'' short stories.
Twenty of the 35 members of the New York City Council have co-sponsored a bill that would force landlords to place their regulated apartments or rooms on the market within seven days of their becoming vacant or face potentially crippling fines.
Over the last 15 years, this view of learning has received a great deal of support from William T. Greenough at the University of Illinois.
''The Unexpected Guest'' may be seen tonight through Saturday at 8 P.M. and in matinees Saturday and Sunday at 3 P.M.
Both colts will be about 2-5 in the betting, and it is difficult to imagine either one losing.
Newspeek and the Performer ''Fifty percent of the people here are driven by a technical imperative; they are interested in the state-of-the-art communication technology,'' he said in a recent interview.
And though he could dance and gesture about one-fourth as much as he did in ''Man Is for the Woman Made'' for my taste, I draw a blank when I try to think of a current tenor I'd rather hear sing it.
The criticism was remarkable since the film, ''Repentance,'' by the Georgian director Tengiz Abduladze, was one of the first to emerge in the Soviet Union under Mr. Gorbachev's campaign for greater cultural openness.
Yet some days he'll say, ''I'm not sharp, would you taste this for me?''
''Ironically, one of the good features is everything is cast on the ground, which is the safest location for workmen,'' said Irwin G. Cantor, an engineer in New York City who has overseen several lift-slab buildlings.
In over-the-counter trading, the Nasdaq composite index dropped 2.92, to 431.99.
If one thing doesn't work, he'll try something else.''
The newspaper publishes articles on the problems of the homeless so its refugee readers will better understand the plight of the homeless and their presence in an area of the city that the refugees are transforming into a family neighborhood.
Some clone, not me, is cowering offstage and covered with icy sweat, his palms and soles slippery, temples booming, tongue dry, seizured, sizzled.
The Danish buyer of the hat and cane, Jorten Strecker, said he planned to display them on a wax model at his cinema and restaurant complex in Copenhagen.
Earlier in the year, Becker withdrew from two tournaments because of a persistent bacterial infection, which was erroneously reported as typhus.
Mrs. Lehman, a store planner for Ann Taylor in New York, graduated from William Smith College, where she was elected to Phi Beta Kappa, and received an M.S.
''The credit has to go to the players who kept this team together during the strike,'' said Saunders, who publicly urged his players to remain unified even if it put him at odds with team management.
Denials by Quattrociocchi They said they never simply offered him the chance to resign.
For the designers, models, photographers, advertisers and bankers attracted to the area, housing in Alphabet City is a good buy compared to new units on the Upper East Side, which average $350 a square foot.
They wanted to know such fundamental things as when Mr. Bullard liked to write and what he liked to write with.
A lot of people have said we are locked in with Swedish cash we can't move.
NOREEN CONNELL Albany, June 22, 1987
Jockeying for Position Not surprisingly, America's giant stockbrokers, along with huge French and foreign banks, are already jockeying for position as they seek to grab a piece of Paris's growing financial pie.
''That's a nonissue right now.''
Toronto has not lost more than two consecutive games this season.
After two years of relative calm in northeastern Nicaragua, rebels have mounted the first attack in what they hope will be a new offensive here.
It includes works by about 150 artists, from Asia, South America and Eastern Europe, as well as Europe and the United States.
One of every three Americans has insomnia; millions take sleeping pills, and others try sex, alcohol or bedtime snacks to help them sleep.
I supported the opposition, but after the election, I found the two Kims just continuing to bicker.
She said she hoped private industry would follow the state's lead.
According to those who read the transcripts, Mr. Siegel suggested during one conversation that he might want to try to get a job at Merrill Lynch & Company, where Mr. Tabor then worked, and asked numerous questions about whom he should contact there.
Yet, he adds, ''Form is an expression of content.
This added insult to injury for many American workers.
He also looks for stocks with price/earning ratios lower than that of the overall market.
If you report on academic conferences, as I often do, you will meet many a psychologist or sociologist who takes Dr. Seligman's route, constructing a complex, improbable, social-learning explanation of some classic feature of human nature like depression.
headquarters was put off indefinitely.
It is not for propaganda - how I hate that word - it is for our identity.''
David goes back to Shriners on Sunday.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*GENTEX CORP (OTC) Qtr to Sept 30 1987 1986 Sales 2,980,944 3,211,462 Net inc 214,417 78,926 Share earns .04 .01 9mo sales 10,267,016 9,129,781 Net inc 945,950 537,301 Share earns .16 .09 View Full Article in Timesmachine »
So if Israel can be shown now to be oppressing Palestinians, then, somehow, these people believe that Nazism is more excusable and understandable.
''On the field, the wind was still blowing.''
''He doesn't teach, but he gives class.
She birdied the 14th hole to take the lead while Colleen Walker, playing right behind her, bogeyed the 13th hole to fall at the Navesink Country Club.
As an example, he cited the 14th Amendment, adopted after the Civil War to prohibit states from restricting the rights of United States citizens.
Little kids or not, Witchel survived.
The dump site is commonly known as the F.I.C.A.
In the latest in a series of seemingly contradictory stands on taxes, the Cuomo administration announced today that recently proposed increases in taxes and fees could be deferred because of an unexpected $850 million rise in 1986 income tax revenue.
It is by the Theater for a New Audience, not by the American Shakespeare Theater.
And it came amid feuding between Administration factions while personal and international events were distracting the President and others.
Four years later, he began building slope-side condominiums.
To the Editor: For a newspaper that frequently covers politics and government in Canada with skill and understanding, your editorial on Pierre Elliott Trudeau was especially disappointing.
''If we had had our starting five all season, we would've had some 15-game winners,'' Herzog, the Cardinals' manager, said.
But by Jan. 5, Lavery had set his ambitions aside to face a trial for which nothing had prepared him.
Mike Mason, who beat the Mets last Saturay, began by walking Lenny Dykstra.
Measure's Accuracy Disputed Under Mr. Cuomo's proposed budget, total state spending would increase by 9.5 percent this year, according to the Senate report.
The Charles Ives Center for the Arts sees a broader mandate.
* Jean Claude Kaufmann is joining Lord, Geller, Federico, Einstein Inc. as senior vice president and head of the broadcast production department.
Terrorism is not something Syria can lightly give up, despite the exposure.
For the posterity of the Boston Associates' own families, of course, but also - indistinguishably from that, at least at first - for the posterity of their city and its institutions: the Boston Athenaeum, Harvard College and its professional schools and the Massachusetts General Hospital.
Afterward, Eurotunnel's British co-chairman, Lord Pennock, resigned, under pressure from the Bank of England, which was unhappy with the handling of the offer.
''The Days and Nights of Molly Dodd,'' a new summer situation comedy starring Blair Brown, tied for ninth place in the A. C. Nielsen Company ratings for the week ended July 26, helping NBC to win its 26th straight week in the ratings.
They have dramatically and suddenly become one of the most exciting teams to watch in hockey.
Only taxis with unconverted meters will be allowed to display the chart.
I told Jack Aker, the pitching coach, to get somebody up.
''Why should we be different?''
At the time of the city fiscal crisis in 1975, the size of the work force was reduced dramatically, falling by nearly 100,000 jobs by 1977 as the city sought to avoid bankruptcy.
Garbage collection and the processing of welfare cases.
After an hour, you're tired and you don't see paintings any more.''
In the male duet with Peter Frame, he showed off the solid training he received at the Royal Danish Ballet (he comes from a family associated with the Royal Theater as photographers and stage directors), where he danced briefly before joining the Frankfurt Ballet in 1981 and, more recently, the Fort Worth Ballet.
No raw sewage has been sighted in the water.
Gold for current delivery closed at $462 an ounce on the New York Commodity Exchange, little changed from $462.10 late Tuesday.
The firefighters said they hoped to benefit from the findings.
Boogie Board riders reign on one portion of the beach in Venice, Calif., for example.
An estimated 2,000 members of the national press corps will report the doings, much to the delight of the state's tourism and economic-development promoters.
The Tampere's playing of Sibelius seemed buoyed and propelled as much by national pride as native ability.
Robert E. Walsh, a money manager with Jenswold King & Associates in Houston, said the market's strength was concentrated in blue-chip issues.
Mr. Shultz said Mr. Nakasone had given the United States a ''midsummer, August expectation'' for results to show up.
Ms. Benitez, the Puerto Rican diva, who appeared with a nine-piece dance band, is an exuberantly bawdy grande dame who performs with flamboyant gestures and sharply punctuated, melismatic phrasing.
John McGann, Bishop of the diocese of Rockville Centre.
Members of the subcommittee then questioned high officials of the Department of Energy about various lapses, including a fire sprinkler system that was disconnected for four years at a South Carolina plant, for which there is no backup, that is vital to maintaining warheads.
Industrialization and immigration to the Basque land's fertile fields and spectacular rolling terrain and mountain peaks changed the character of the region where this city of 200,000, founded in the 12th century, is situated.
All agreed that the Giants would try to control the tempo of the game - and would probably win it - on the strength of their run defense, which has allowed 100 yards rushing just five times in 18 games.
Now if Dr. Liverworth can only discover an ultramodern method for making an airline pay up.
She added that she had heard only the same speculation as everyone else, including the theory that one of the loading doors opened as the ship left dock, letting sea water flood into the hold.
A mood of independence is infecting lawmakers from both parties as they contemplate the 1988 elections and the post-Reagan era.
'' Soon, though, something about the analogy seemed wrong.
''Hebe revolutionized fashion writing,'' said John Fairchild, chairman of Fairchild Publications.
Comment The S.E.C., as is its policy, continued today to neither confirm nor deny that an investigation is under way.
The second time she fell 90 feet to a sodden field beside the river.
''They have had some buyers who have shown an interest,'' Mrs. Burk said.
Every time Ballet Theater performs, we recall that it was Mr. Tudor who contributed most to its profile, who made the theater in its name ring true.
Capital Airways (904-562-5000) flies to the island from Tallahassee.
Share earnings and shares outstanding for 1986 have been adjusted for the 3-for-2 stock split in October 1987.
Facing charges are Eli Tarbell of the Bear's Den restaurant, William Sears of Wild Bill's, James Burns of the Silver Dollar, Roderick Cook of the Night Hawk, Roger Tarbell of the C & R and Pat Tatlock of the Golden Nugget, the state police said.
I just find it unfair.
The shares are likely to lurch up with each encouraging development in construction and slide just as quickly when any obstacle or delay is announced.
The same sort of commercialism is distorting medical care in this country.
And the emphasis at the center, at least in the eyes of some at Georgetown, is on promoting a conservative agenda and catering to the news media, rather than on pursuing scholarly research.
A study by Georgia state biologists showed that within two to three years, approximately two-thirds of all ponds stocked using government advice had become ''out of balance'' with stunted fish, too little food or, in some cases, too many minnows and other forage fish.
This is also an opportunity for Mr. Reagan and Mr. Baker to strengthen the White House team generally.
Mr. Gargiulo is the sponsor of a bill in the Assembly that would bar the utilities from offering the sales contracts.
Though there is concern that an increase in the discount rate will slow the economy, new signs of resilience suggest that the economy can absorb a rate increase relatively painlessly.
The second event will take place at noon, in Room 615 of Hunter College's West Building, Lexington Avenue and 68th Street.
It was past 5 P.M., and some of the officers were due to get off for the holiday.
''If he had not thought through every step that a bag goes through once it is checked, and used a little of his own ingenuity to make calls to the right spot in the Atlanta airport, I would have never found my luggage,'' Miss Martin wrote.
As Mr. Giobbi prepared the meal, he considered whether San Nicola ate seven fish dishes on Christmas Eve.
'There Could Be No Winner' ''Even if you win the whole thing, it could blow up on you,'' Mr. Icahn is reported to have said by one person at the meeting.
The Mohasco Corporation, Grolier Inc., J. P. Stevens & Company and TRW Inc. each said they would buy up to two million shares.
Either purpose, early warning or battle management, would violate the ABM treaty.
''Both sides have been talking, but they haven't gotten anywhere,'' said one club official acquainted with the situation.
The most straightforward piece, ''Sound and Fury,'' second from right, is a storage unit for audio-visual equipment.
''His speeches are written by others,'' Hojatolislam Rafsanjani said.
Wall Street analysts said they were encouraged by the results, but they also expressed concern about an increase in Citicorp's loan-loss reserve expressed as a percentage of its total loans, to 1.3 percent from 1.06 percent, and by a 23 percent jump in Citicorp's non-interest expense, to $1.99 billion.
The Chrysler Corporation pleaded no contest today to criminal charges of odometer tampering.
Tom Flynn, the extra free safety, was picked in the fifth round of the 1984 draft by Green Bay.
At a time when Mikhail Baryshnikov, Ballet Theater's director, announced he was turning to experimental modern-dance choreographers because there were no new ballet choreographers from which he could draw, Robert Joffrey and Michael Smuin, artistic director of the San Francisco Ballet before Mr. Tomasson, took one look at ''Say Bye Bye'' and invited Mr. Forsythe in.
Isaac Newton, which has grown to 250 students who undergo stiff competition to be admitted, now occupies larger quarters in the Manhattan Center for Math and Science at East 116th Street and Franklin D. Roosevelt Drive.
DAN MARGULIES Executive Director, Community Housing Improvement Program Inc. New York, Oct. 12, 1987
Short Hills, N.J. $300,000 192 White Oak Ridge Road 3-bedroom, 2 1/2-bath, 45-year-old Cape Cod; fireplace, hardwood floors, patio, full basement; taxes $5,306.
The State Personnel Board had charged that Mr. Bowers violated the lawyers' code of ethics when he sued the board for holding the closed meeting.
It is raising concern as well that the partners' sexual behavior, past or present, places the women at grave risk of acquired immune deficiency syndrome.
South is forced to ruff another spade and perseveres with clubs.
''You hate to lose to a team like that.''
An American diplomat said that he had noticed a strain of nationalism in Mr. Cavaco Silva and that he was ''more assertive, perhaps prickly - he uses the word 'sovereignty' a lot.''
The $28 course was under the auspices of the Learning Annex and conducted by Patrick Pacheco, a freelance writer and bon-vivant bicyclist about town.
Writing for himself and three other Court members, Justice Antonin Scalia said Virginia's regulations were consistent with the meaning of ''income'' in the Federal law creating the welfare program.
Applauding the latest development, Mr. Salinger's litigator, Marcia B. Paul of Kay Collyer & Boose, said she hoped Random House Inc., would abandon efforts to publish the book.
Traders speculated that Irwin L. Jacobs, the Minneapolis investor, was among the big buyers.
The same manufacturer has designed another high-rise sprinkler, Model 365C ($5.99), with a brass dome head that produces a 30-by-30-foot square pattern.
Mr. Biaggi could not be reached in Washington and Mr. Garcia refused to comment.
At this point in the 11th game of Sokolov-Karpov, the former world champion limited White's chances for initiative with 6...P-QB4; 7 P-KR4, P-KR3; 8 B-K3, Q-N3; 9 Q-Q2, N-QB3; 10 O-O-O, P-KR4; 11 PxBP, BxP/4; 12 BxB, QxB; 13 N-B4, KN-K2.
The campaign breaks next Monday in a number of publications, including Advertising Age, Adweek and Supermarket News.
Miss Adrian and Miss Bjornov illustrated their music with an arm-waving choreography that was part eurythmics, part hootchy-kootchy.
''Counsel may be unwilling to spend sums for the expert witnesses that are necessary in these cases because of a fear that the moneys may not be allowed to be recovered.''
Its only park is Lieut.
Marsden Reproductions Inc. has been in business in New York for 37 years, has $15 million in annual revenues and has won numerous awards for multimedia documentary and promotional films.
His suggestion: ''Run a tractor over them and crunch it in real good.''
''He relies on an intellectual method of conciliation.
''The indictment that was returned today, which contained not a single conflict-of-interest charge, confirms that these allegations were groundless.''
Tandem has one major competitor in this market, Stratus Computer Inc. of Marlboro, Mass.
an enterprising professor might use to liven up his class.
Andrew G. Donaldson, a former school superintendent of District 9 in the Bronx, died of heart failure Wednesday at his home in Manhattan.
Oil prices were given a sharp push upward immediately after the American reflagging of Kuwaiti oil tankers, but have since fallen again as the threat of the closing of the Persian Gulf has receded.
It turns out, we are told, that he has recently reconsidered his views about a number of subjects, among them free speech.
Poplavsky is thunderstruck: here, obviously, is the most brilliant of all Jews, a veritable Einstein of history who could act as a kind of soothsayer to the Kremlin.
Yashka, her partner, heads the gang and accidentally kills his jealous flapper moll, Lyuska.
Among the highlights: excerpts from the modern Chinese ballet of the classic tale ''Dream of the Red Chamber'' and an eight-woman saber-sword dance choreographed by Pei-pei Gu of the Shanghai Dance Drama Company, as well as pipa solos by Tang Liang-xing, a virtuoso of this Chinese lute.
In a flash, Rice was in the secondary running alone.
That King had come back from an arduous recovery program was enough.
Was amplification needed at all?
He has been active in Republican politics for more than a decade, as a consultant to the National Republican Congressional Committee and as a strategist in a number of House and Senate campaigns.
''As a result, pressures are greater than ever to house the poor in facilities that are not up to code.''
THEY won the Bermuda Bowl for the United States in 1970 and 1971.
The show is the highest rated of its kind, and the ubiquitous Musburger is rewarded with the highest wage in the business - a reported $1.8 million this year.
At Ron Darling baseball camp his counselor called him Computer.
''I don't take it seriously.''
THE VIEW FROM TUROW'S office window on the 81st floor of the Sears Tower reminds him of a scene from Saul Bellow's novel ''Herzog.''
''This carrier will purr when it needs to,'' said Capt.
Neither of us begged the other to stay or leave.
First, it required that the outfield slope upward in its deep reaches, in the manner of the old park's famed ''terrace.''
It's just not as strong, so when he tried to jump on his shot the explosion wasn't as good as it was in the past.''
Once they leave Manhattan, the advantages of the business environment in Manhattan are dissipated.
Many more chimpanzees have been used in other kinds of AIDS research.
$5 at the door or call 624-3101.
Mr. Meese was sharply criticized by some law-enforcement officials and senior members of Congress for his performance in his preliminary inquiry over the weekend of Nov. 21.
''Yes, you can,'' Scott said.
Cunard officials said the problems of the North Atlantic crossing were not unexpected after the ship's overhaul, and some passengers shrugged off what the captain, Lawrence Portet, called ''teething problems.''
The album sank without a trace.
The British plan would allow nations to turn down on-site inspections of sensitive military and intelligence installations.
I wish Mr. Lloyd had found a way to tell us this in the story.
The police clashed with demonstrators here this evening in what appeared to be the first significant confrontation since the Government announced major concessions this week.
For example, immoderate Republicans, who have long been perfection-seekers, have a choice between Bob Dole and Jack Kemp.
That, in theory, is enough to buy majority control of any but a handful of the largest American corporations.
Or individual plants can be set in decorative containers (cachepots) on top of a layer of pebbles to increase humidity.
Mr. St. Clair also brought out that Mr. Boudreau attended a cookout at Dr. Pilecki's house days after the molestation was reported to have occurred and shook Dr. Pilecki's hand.
Come on, John Washington, all you have to do this trip is give these guys a look.
Regulators closed an eye to tenants whose income surpassed the legal limit; government bailed out some projects when rents did not cover costs.
This means that I am in semirural Ticino, looking down on the lake.
He cashed the club ace and cross-ruffed happily to make the remaining tricks.
Subsequently, other Americans secretly traveled abroad to arrange the shipments.
These novices, of course, think skis were always made buoyant for turning, so you didn't have to squat down, lift your weight and squat down again.
Lawyers for the claimants said they would oppose the plan, arguing that it would benefit Robins shareholders in the company's merger with Rorer Group Inc. [ D1. ]
For every 1,000 felony arrests in the South, there were 143 convictions, the department said.
The Pope used the word paradigm in his meeting to show how ''evil can be overcome in history, even the awesome evil of the Shoah.''
A statement issued through the official Tanyug press agency said the 90-day freeze on prices would affect food, consumer goods, tools, textiles and furniture.
In short, welfare and public assistance are one thing, and utility service is quite another.
''Things fall apart; the center cannot hold.''
The van Loon Museum, housed in a 1671 mansion, is completely furnished with several centuries of this family's furniture, carpets, china and silver - plus more than 50 portraits, many dating from the 17th-century golden age of Dutch painting.
But this regulation is rarely enforced.
The performances are at 8 P.M. this week, and again on May 22 and 23, at Trinity Reformed Church, Ferry and Hawkins Streets, Newark.
The first known grammar hot line was started by Michael Strumps, an English professor at Moorpark College in Moorpark, Calif., in the late 1970's.
The sets have to be easy to remove for regular Army functions.
Ministry Will Pay for Air Time PTL will pay stations that continue to carry its programs and will attempt to bring its accounts up to date, he said.
The Treasury auctioned $9.75 billion worth of 10-year government securities Wednesday and $9.25 billion in 30-year notes yesterday - all well received by investors.
Common Stock * AMAX Inc. is offering 2.7 million shares at $26.75 a share through First Boston.
During the last century, scientists have identified the four fundamental forces believed responsible for the way the universe works: gravity, electromagnetism and the two varieties of nuclear force, the weak and the strong.
According to Roger Deerhake, Ohio State University's assistant ticket director, the crowd numbered 15,000 yesterday.
The questioning of Mr. Byrnes is expected to come next week.
West German vineyards lie at the northernmost limit of the vine.
The inability of lawmakers to oppose collectively an Administrative decision with which they obviously disagree illustrates their reluctance to do anything to give the impression that they were abandoning the security of the Persian Gulf to the Soviet Union.
spokesman, without providing details, insist that the agency has complied with all applicable restrictions, in Costa Rica and elsewhere.
Chrysler rose 3/4, to 38 1/2.
''Around 10 teams were near losing, or making very little.
When Leonard and Spaulding emerged from the house, they led the police to a wooded area where the child was found tied to a tree, but unharmed.
Since the investigation began, the Stockholm police have suspected there may be some link between the killing and a small group of leftist Kurds living in Sweden who call themselves the Kurdish Workers Party.
''It typified his concern that the educational system should be responsive to students.''
Of the witnesses, the aides said that approximately half had been police officers and the other half civilians.
There was no systematic correlation.
Testing has been well-received; most employees see it as a good thing, a positive thing.
The family remains under tight security because of concerns that North Korean agents might try to harm the defectors.
It was a way of life Judge Kennedy appeared fated to continue when he was passed over in favor of Judge Ginsburg, commuting from Sacramento to the court's seat in San Francisco and traveling the circuit of nine states, Guam and Northern Mariana Island.
This would avoid any immediate adverse effect on the deficit, it says, but it cautions: ''A delay could lead to a loss of U.S. leadership in high-energy physics in the mid-1990's.
You get to know which guys will give you information, which are good guys and which are bad.''
''I should have known better, but it was early in the morning and I didn't think.
It is amazing how much he knows about the theater.
'Sloppy and Cavalier' Mr. Davis, however, has challenged the figures, contending that the hotel underestimated its current use and projected future savings using untested methods.
The difficulty is you can't put a company in jail.''
He became a judge in 1973 and has been on the Appellate Court since 1983.
The entry of the American Armed Forces into World War I was commemorated on a single that depicts General John Pershing.
Of course, there are still the traditional instruments, too.
Yet the most heated exchange Tuesday evening was over whether the new addition was indeed a mere backdrop, showing the Guggenheim's spiral rotunda to best advantage, or an enveloping element that would abut and effectively anchor the spiral, thus destroying its integrity.
''Cathy's father passed his knowledge on to us, and the formula developed over time, but it's not exact every time,'' Mr. Bronson said.
James Northup, the forest planner who supervised the writing of the document, estimates that of the 140 national forests around the country, plans for all but about five have been appealed to the chief of the National Forest Service in Washington.
The victor, Christopher H. Shays, got 57 percent of the votes.
That house is Phillip's whole world -every room means something different to him.
In that way I'm a little like her; sometimes I make my life harder than it has to be, and I do it all by myself, without any help.
(Andrews, McMeel & Parker, $9.95.)
Statement From Cardinal The Mayor said he would send a copy of the videotape to John Cardinal O'Connor, the head of the New York Archdiocese, ''and ask him to decide for himself what he thinks is appropriate.''
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*IMATRON INC (OTC) Qtr to March 31 1987 1986 Sales 3,100,000 1,600,000 Net loss 2,400,000 1,300,000 View Full Article in Timesmachine »
'' The legislative hearings now under way are being conducted by the Iterim Judiciary Committee, which will recommend to the full Legislature next year whether North Dakota law needs to be changed to address AIDS.
Between 65 and 100 students in grades 9 through 12 participate in the station's activities.
But he did not think that anything could be done to prevent the Eurobond problem because of Treasury's view that the treaty could not be partially terminated.
This brought to six the number of present or former city judges who have been investigated, indicted or incarcerated this year.
Dezso Szonntagh, the Hungarian-born chef who came over from Le Cirque, is not diffident with seasonings, as can be seen in the tarragon-bolstered veal medallions in lemon sauce, a serendipitous combination; tender strips of lamb alongside a thyme-and-garlic haunted ratatouille, and the gusty bouillabaisse, replete with mussels, clams, eel and snapper in a rich tomato-tinged fish stock.
Nevertheless, Gillette faced a dilemma.
Tiffany's silversmiths were wizards at fashioning some of the most opulent and weighty Victorian silverwares imaginable, as will be seen in the exhibition, ''Triumphs of American Silvermaking: Tiffany & Co. 1860-1900,'' opening Tuesday in the American Wing of the Metropolitan Museum of Art, through Jan. 10.
DEALINGS WITH NORTH ARE INVOLVED Investigations are focusing on his dealings with Lieut.
38 A Trenton physician was suspended from a state psychiatric hospital and measures to improve medical services at the state institutions were announced after criticism in the deaths of three patients.
The tai-pans, or big bosses, had names like Jardine, Dent, Sassoon and Swire.
''The mother is in good condition physically,'' Mrs. Lynch said, explaining that she was ''terribly distraught'' over the dead baby.
He finished with an 8-6 record, giving him a career arbitration mark of 44-32 (15-6 his first two years, 29-26 the last four).
Friday: Friday and Saturday evenings sold out.
D'Arcy Masius Benton & Bowles has the candy and the pet foods.
Tiny white lights outlined the room's restored 1907 leaded windows, and black and white balloons soared.
''It's a bias for a good fight.
Now a kind of liberalism pertains: our pluralistic democracy has really shaken the church up.
The exceptions in the law, he explained, were meant to apply when bad things happen to good people - the bad thing, in this case, being carrying an illegal gun for self-defense and getting caught.
''After a thorough review, we think the industry will go through a period of contraction through the better part of next year,'' Mr. Ferrell said.
On their daily radio debate program, Senator Dole and Senator Edward M. Kennedy, who hardly ever agree, both called for closing the offices.
Government as a vehicle to manage investments and pay dividends is not an idea that has caught on.
The prosecution played the tapes this week as it sought to prove extortion charges against Anthony (Fat Tony) Salerno, a major defendant in a racketeering trial in Federal District Court in Manhattan.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*WOLVERINE TECHNOLOGIES (OTC) Qtr to March 31 1987 1986 Sales 25,183,000 18,107,000 Net inc 603,000 270,000 Share earns .17 .08 View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Anthony M. Kennedy Age 51, of Sacramento, Calif...ap-pointed to United States Court of Ap-peals for the Ninth Circuit in 1976 by President Ford...educated at Stan-ford University, London School of Economics, Harvard Law School... practiced law in San Francisco and Sacramento...has taught part time at McGeorge Law School since 1965 ...struck down the ''legislative veto'' as an unconstitutional encroachment on Presidential powers in a major 1980 decision that was affirmed by the Supreme Court...in 1985, wrote first major appellate decision reject-ing idea that sex discrimination law to women in historically low-paid jobs that are of ''comparable worth'' to higher-paid jobs dominated by men ...upheld Navy's discharge of homo-sexual officers in 1980, noting that up-holding the consititutionality of the challenged regulations did not mean he considered them to be wise...he would be closely scrutinized by women's groups and abortion rights groups, who suspect he may not sym-pathize with their cause.
Revenues rose about 40 percent, to $238 million, from $170.1 million.
A lot of guys pop that ball up.
The sauna, made of stripped pine logs, was filled with the fragrance of the recently cut wood.
An Assistant United States Attorney, Linda Imes, told Judge Sweet that, based on an amended income tax return Mr. Gebauer filed late last year, he now owes a total of $6.9 million in taxes, interest and penalties.
Not until her junior year in high school in 1983, she said, was she diagnosed as dyslexic.
Now Ms. Belgrave's theater company, C.B.A.
For all that, ''Laguna Heat'' is never quite as scorching as it would like to be.
Some members of Congress and interest groups have raised particular concerns about the Energy Department's space-based reactor program.
Because of absurdly restrictive income standards, most working poor families in New York are ineligible for Medicaid health insurance coverage.
He has resisted pressure to push economic reform in the European Community, as well as pressure from the U.S. to stimulate the German economy.
Mr. Deng declined to become party leader when he pushed Hua Guofeng out of the post in 1981.
The dialogue has the air of an unfinished scenario, with the actors called upon to fill in the blanks.
''There's too much of an element of self-congratulation in it,' he said, ''plus a reluctance to confront the issues people care about the most - his personal life, for instance, and his relations with the media.''
Allen quoted Upshaw as saying the negotiations had been ''fruitful and productive.''
Is he trying to reassure and draw out Turing, who eventually admits he's worried about coping with institutional discipline?
Terry Pendleton followed with a single to right, sending Clark home for a 3-0 lead.
What's even more unusual is how sharply the campaign digresses from McDonald's standard advertising.
Defense Ministers Sign Accord The decision to build a combat helicopter, the PAH-2, marks the first French-German joint military project since the 1970's.
But it has informed analysts that it intended to reduce debt shortly.
''We settled on specialty retailing as an area that intrigues us.
Subsequent rounds will be played on a portable four-wall glass-walled court on the dance floor of the Palladium, a night club at 126 East 14th Street.
There was more heavy fighting in West Beirut today as regular Syrian and Lebanese soldiers took up positions at main intersections to try to enforce a cease-fire.
when he accompanied Nicaragua's first lady, Rosario Murillo, to California on Sept. 5 to visit a demonstrator injured while protesting United States aid to the contras.
One issue was offered with an estimated yield of 8.29 percent and is backed by all the principal payments and 13/18 of the interest payments.
Even before full details were available, the Liberal Party leader, John Turner, described it as a ''hothouse'' deal negotiated under the pressure of a Congressional deadline.
He had also planned for counterintelligence activities during the annual formal ceremonial dinner for Special Operations personnel, known as a dining-in, that was to take place in the fall of 1983 at a suburban Washington hotel.
In 1984, he married a customer, maria Riberio, in a civil ceremony.
The chemicals also are stored at Umatilla, Ore.; Pine Bluff, Ark.
The Museum of Science and Industry (57th Street and Lake Shore Drive; 312-684-1414) is the city's most popular tourist destination.
Mr. Maxwell said he would meet Elsevier's chairman, Pierre Vinken, soon for what he called friendly and exploratory discussions.
Borough law prohibits lunch wagons, diners, road stands or ''any eating place rendering service other than inside the premises.''
Both sides in the housing battle have already begun to stake out positions for the upcoming debate.
The center then formed the Movement Support Network, which has collected information on ''political'' burglaries and other ''harassment'' and maintained a compendium of the 50 break-ins that has been used by many reporters.
There is uncertainty on how to account for chemical weapons that may be developed in the future.
At a memorial service, A. Bartlett Giamatti, then the president of Yale, eulogized Professor de Man as a ''tremendous light for humane life and learning'' after whom ''nothing for us will ever be the same.''
Built in 1922 as a vaudeville house, the 3,600-seat theater is the largest in New England and, with its elaborate Italianate design, marble pillars and Tiffany lamps, it is the prettiest, he said.
'' Two years later, Wilkins is with a winning team, and last year made the all-star team for the first time, the all-N.B.A.
The detachment commanders, who are senior noncommissioned officers and do not stand guard duty, will continue to serve 18-month tours in those countries.
The victory was the fourth in 18 career starts for Nastique, a 3-year-old daughter of Naskra and the Le Fabuleux mare La Fantastique.
And it is demonization that blinds Iranian-spawned terrorists to the humanness of their prey - American marines, Turkish Jews, Lebanese Christians, whomever they are targeted to kill.
Two large Glenwood buildings are immediately south of the A.S.P.C.A.
chairman, joined him and other officials on the podium to the enthusiastic cheers of delegates at the opening session of the Palestine National Council, which the P.L.O.
34 Danny Cox (11-9, 3.88) Right-hander who broke bone in his right foot in early July and joined Tudor on disabled list, giving Cardinals their worst weeks.
The problems were political, environmental and economic.
He will discuss concerns about contact lenses, cataracts, sunglasses, visual hygiene and correct lighting.
He served and volleyed on key points winning an overall 10 of 14 on which he came to net.
3 in India In 1967, Mr. Ambani founded Reliance with a share capital of about $120,000.
Mr. Crouse said his respect for his father's work did not interfere with rewriting him.
Estimates on the number of professional comedians in the country range well over 1,000, that number having more than doubled in the last five years.
High exposure to radon is believed to cause lung cancer.
Two foreign climbers fell to their deaths today trying to scale the 14,780-foot Matterhorn, the Air Zermatt rescue service reported.
Mr. Sparling predicts a 10 percent annual increase in natural gas prices for the next five years.
By rotating participation in work groups, the city kibbutzniks can take days or afternoons off to work in the community.
Others protested Federal proposals that would require testing some groups of people for the virus that causes AIDS, or acquired immune deficiency syndrome.
Usually, even the most unlikely items find a home.
The reason for the lack of such notes remains unknown to the board.
It more or less re-creates Wagner's dreamed-up world of mythic beauty and barbarity and leaves the analogies to us.
Colonel North accompanied Mr. McFarlane on his mission to Teheran in May 1986.
The world premiere of the 75-year-old composer John Cage's first opera.
(Marshall occasionally nodded, too) and was struck by 16 BxPch!
Passage of legislation this year seems assured since similar legislation has picked up considerable support in the House.
Hopkins emerges from these pages as a complex but entirely believable human being.
In some cases, he maintained, people had given him gold watches for repair.
The members discussed 28 people and then voted.
''We're heavy advertisers,'' Mr. Davidson said.
I persist in the view that that scholarship is riddled with absurdities and find it hard to believe that the overwhelming majority of historians will not share my judgment.
''That's when Brendan Byrne got into it and really started the idea of New Jersey fighting back.''
Mr. Bookin's summation is expected to take two days and will give him an opportunity to reply to the attacks on his conduct.
Mr. Miller, who said he was ''a very strong advocate'' of the proposal, said he was hopeful the Legislature would appropriate whatever money was necessary for the program.
The Soviet teen-agers, she added, seemed closer, more secure, and more mature than their American counterparts.
agents in the embassy and floor plans of the embassies in Moscow and Vienna.
As evidence the Sheriff had big color photographs of the calf ''mothering up'' to a rancher's cow believed to be the mother.
Jewelry at Canada House is mostly Indian work and includes sterling silver and gold pendants and pins by the Kwakiutl and Haida work in argillite, a black stone traditionally used for carving totem poles.
Since all countries, including our own, are guilty of some unfairness, the amendment essentially penalizes surpluses that Washington deems ''excessive.''
Value of Homes The median value of a home in the region is currently $167,000, making the area the most expensive of the country's large housing markets, the Port Authority said.
His words are chosen by a just and righteous heart.
Mr. Treen was elected Governor in 1979 and was defeated in a bid for re-election in 1983 by Edwin W. Edwards, a Democrat.
's division of colors and cosmetics .
In addition, many fledgling computer companies do not have the elaborate security precautions of the big military contractors.
He kept smiling and bowing deeply In the manner of a servant Of a haughty and severe master.
It will take until then to restructure the Soviet political system.
According to the committee's report, Mr. Gates and Mr. Casey went to the National Security Adviser, John M. Poindexter, on Oct. 15 and urged him to disclose the Iran initiative ''to the public, to avoid having it 'leak out in drips and drabs.'
Moreover, he added, two years ago, I.R.S.
The training program is taking place at the Greyston Bakery at 114 Woodworth Avenue on Yonkers's west side.
Dyers prepare natural dyes from indigo leaves, kola nuts or other vegetable substances.
She received no prenatal care for her baby Tyrone, now 2 years old, and he was born only 26 weeks after conception.
''People start laughing,'' he said.
''The most important learning experience to a child is play,'' said Ms. Glomset, a children's librarian.
U S Sprint posted a $252 million loss for the first quarter and analysts expect MCI to report a weak performance as well.
An article in Weekend yesterday about the Metropolitan Museum's acquisition of a photograph collection described the transaction incorrectly.
Troy is fighting in the super middleweight division at 165 pounds.
The readers include recognized poets like Mr. Ignatow, emerging poets, unknown poets, and, at the many open readings, anyone off the street willing to brave the slings and arrows of an audience that usually includes some discerning poets.
Wall Street was heartened by the ability of the currency and credit markets to rebound after plummeting when the trade deficit was announced.
''Many of us were jolted by the results and many of us also started to think, 'Maybe this game is not for us.'
Maybe so, but Al Davis, the Raiders' managing general genius, has never been known for his patience.
Federal district judges are appointed for life and can, if they wish, retire to senior status.
The icons are ''The Mother of God,'' which, the complaint says, was described in the Christie's auction catalogue as an authentic icon of the Novgorod School, probably of the early 16th century; ''Saint George Slaying the Dragon,'' said to be probably of the late 15th or early 16th century; and the ''Dormition,'' said to possibly be of the 16th century.
There is no cure or vaccine for AIDS, and there may not be for decades.
The resort offers 132 condo units, including 18 new ones built this year.
However, some analysts questioned the price performance of the 3B4000, and they noted the limited software applications available for Unix-based machines.
Without it, the actual deficit would now increase substantially under the impact of even a modest recession, and the tasks of supporting the dollar, attracting foreign finance and reducing interest rates might become impossible.
A symposium on New York City gay and lesbian history and culture will be held next Tuesday at the City University Graduate Center audi-torium (lower level) at 33 West 42d Street.
''There is a pin through his heel and his leg is being supported.''
What do we know about the Eds of the world?
But he also characterized the younger Mr.
The federation says Cubillas flunked largely because he lacks command of English.
The small wars within the Allied forces are not overlooked; vainglory often commanded.
Former Armco Chairman Mr. Verity, 70 years old, is a former chairman of Armco Inc., the nation's fifth-largest steel producer.
Chaminade finished the season 7-2 by winning all three playoff games after losing their final game of the season, 21-0, to Farrell.
Any one of these races might be the one in which the next Secretariat makes his debut.
For arms control actions to be met with equal and opposite reactions is a tribute neither to Newton nor intelligence but to mindless reflex.
''What's really important is responsibility, rather than neatness or orderliness,'' said Dr. Don Dinkmeyer, a psychologist in Coral Springs, Fla., and one of the developers of a training program for parents.
KEEP the lovers in mind, if you can, as I press the button for the second slide, which isn't nearly as exciting.
Pershing Conversion Involved The United States would also forgo any right to convert its Pershing 2 medium-range missiles into shorter-range Pershing 1B's, which could be turned over to West Germany.
Mrs. Rooney, who attended the Montclair Kimberley Academy, graduated from the Masters School, and attended Skidmore College and the American College of Switzerland.
I would rather make a decision myself and take the blame.''
SO he was naturally sympathetic when his client Stuart Applebaum confessed, while in Mr. Hernandez's chair, that his client Lee Iacocca was giving Bantam the runaround.
Judging by the rush to volunteer for the ''Walkpeople'' piece and the whoops at the curtain calls, Mr. Rose is the cult equivalent of ''The Rocky Horror Picture Show.''
Eastham and Chatham have better windmills than Brewster; Mashpee and Centerville have more easily identified traces of the Indian tribes who met the first Pilgrims and were soon afterward hornswaggled by them.
According to Mr. Maguire, the play has a strong political subtext.
''I don't think the armed forces want to take over at the moment,'' a politician said.
The film version has been streamlined even more drastically, so that the heroine - an innocent beauty named Buttercup -has been introduced, disappointed in love and affianced to the wrong man before the first five minutes are over.
Early today nine people were seized by dissidents for purported election fraud and were taken to Kim Dae Jung's headquarters.
Organized by Gerrit Henry and Carola van den Houten, sponsored by Mid-City Associates and coordinated by Helmsley-Spear, Inc., the show is not comprehensive.
He said he could provide the names of only four of the people detained - Aleksandr Bogdanov, Aleksandr Fishman, Vladimir Sipnisky and Vadim Solovev.
The only parties who actively defended the statute against a suit by a New Jersey public school teacher and several students and parents, and who appealed, were Alan J. Karcher, who was Speaker of the New Jersey Assembly, and Carmen A. Orechio, who was President of the Senate.
The risks came from magnetic fields produced in wires carrying high current, although scientists were unclear how the fields made cells become cancerous, according to Dr. David Carpenter, dean of the School for Public Health Sciences at the State University of New York at Albany.
Edited by W. J. F. Jenner and Delia Davin.
Saturday's music included the sonatas in F and G minor from Opus 5 and variations on themes from Handel's ''Judas Maccabaeus'' and Mozart's ''Zauberflote.''
''They have great size and depth.
Karpov, who was playing White, sealed his 41st move.
While political and economic realities will shape future designs, the current health care turmoil should compel responsible legislators and the public to embrace a unified national plan.
The dams would be built along the Usumacinta River and its tributaries and would create a lake of up to 500 square miles that would inundate ninth century Mayan ruins at Yaxchilan and Piedras Negras, the group said.
''People are asking more cogent questions, and they're observing behavior that begins to be amenable to the ideas of chaotic dynamics.''
Wine recommendation: California Sauvignon Blanc.
In Mr. Friedman's case, the system worked, too, if belatedly.
We've weakened our country, not strengthened it.''
So when I came out for the third period, I had to fight that feeling of discouragement, the feeling of giving up.
But for now, the growing sentiment on Capitol Hill is merely to expel the Russians from Mount Alto.
Tickets for children 4 to 12 are $19 during regular season, $22 in peak times.
Mr. Welden, who testified at the hearing, said he believed it was not Mrs. de Larrain's signature on the letter.
''Most daydreams are ephemeral, lasting just a few seconds,'' he said.
Now, after 16 years in which they effectively have had no say in the matter, South Koreans are being given a chance once again to choose their leader.
Try to remember what seasons have bloom gaps and where the landscape needs to be filled in.
The Program NEW YORK PHILHARMONIC, Zubin Mehta, conductor.
Haydn's Missa Brevis; Victoria's ''O Magnum Mysterium''; Quentin Lane, director.
Szymanowski's ''Myths'' demonstrated Mr. Milewski's ability to create washes of impressionistic sound, though many of the effects sounded more calculated than natural.
And did you report to the President that as a result of the Israeli shipment, a hostage would be released?
To The Editor: Perhaps its s not surprising to some that Austria's neo-Nazis stubbornly persist in attempts at rewriting the horrors of history during the Hitler regime by labeling the diary of Anne Frank a hoax (news story, April 21) and denying the Holocaust altogether.
It has issued three excellent handbooks for teachers for math and language arts.
Speaking during weekly prayers at Teheran University, the Speaker, Hojatolislam Hashemi Rafsanjani also said President Reagan had told ''lies.''
''Hey,'' she calls to an aide.
and South African operatives, with special regard to Angola.
The steamed combo for $9.95 includes a whole lobster, one oyster, one large shrimp, a half ear of corn and a mountain of steamers, clams and mussels.
A dispute could be a calamity, putting an end to the experiment; the future of the replay will be reassessed at the league meeting in March.
A series of bombs and near-misses followed along with halcyon interludes at the City Center, particularly as Ado Annie in ''Oklahoma!''
The effect is animated and bizarrely anthropomorphic, as if these leg bones are crowded together at a lively cocktail party.
The operating rate last month was 2.4 percentage points higher than it was a year ago as American industry rebounded from two years of declining operating rates caused by the huge foreign trade deficits.
First, he puts the vintage radios -most date from the late 40's and the 50's - back into working order.
The approach of wildlife officials to nuisance bears is to mark them with green ear tags and take them to a more remote location.
''If all of the decisions are being made by people who have no real direct knowledge of patient care, and particularly on quality care, there is a possibility these decisions will be made only on an economic basis,'' he said.
Later, vast amounts of land were accumulated by wealthy sugar and cotton planters.
To the Editor: Your portrait of a Portugal in the grip of uncertainty (news story, March 16) picks on our trams, cloth caps and cobbled streets; you are more difficult to please than the World Bank, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development and the European Economic Commission.
''They are taking a heavy dose of reality,'' said John Adams, an analyst with Adams, Harkness & Hill.
Backs George Bush in his quest for the 1988 nomination ... A fundamentalist ... Preaches at the Thomas Road Baptist Church ... Weekly Old Time Gospel Hour reaches 438,000 households, according to Nielsen ...
And despite further denials that Mr. Horowitz would fall victim to the cutbacks, executives close to the company said the subject had indeed come up.
There is not a clear fact in the entire story.
GTE's design engineers in both Northlake and the company's Phoenix research center began using computers, instead of charts and physical models, to design switches.
As saturation bombing goes, it's not to be compared with the onslaught by American Impressionism that the state sustained in the early 1980's, but it should be memorable enough.
''Why do they want to change?''
Because of geographical constraints, the west side is the last area where developers can assemble large packages for Albuquerque's sprawling growth.
The next stop was at Kaplan Jewelers, a dealer whose advertisements offer to try to top the highest offer obtained elsewhere.
That same year, he choreographed ''On the Town,'' a Broadway musical based on the ballet.
''Just because things are not what you're used to seeing doesn't mean they're not functional.''
AMR, parent of American Airlines, fell 2 1/8, to 51 1/4.
Last week he visited Central America in the company of more than 50 conservative leaders, men and women with access to deep pockets and long mailing lists.
We need to make sure they continue.''
Most revealing was the Liszt: a brisk, graceful, lean-sounding ''Vallee d'Obermann,'' not particularly weighted down by profundity, and indeed a little undernourished spiritually, but also perhaps a fitting young-man's performance.
''The bid stands a good chance.''
Representing New York will be Lieut.
Goldman, Sachs laid off some workers, in another sign of Wall Street's retrenchment.
On modern trucks, they can ride inside.
The only sure thing here is that when public television looks most like our Lyceum or Chautauqua, viewers tune out in droves.
They estimate the cost of complying with the new rules at about $400 a car, a sum that includes fees for registering cars and bases, inspections, processing fingerprints and physical exams for drivers.
Nancy Gonzalez was boasting about her son's chosen profession yesterday as she waited, just after 7 A.M., with her own children and several dozen charges in front of the Prince George Hotel on East 28th Street for the bus to Public School 151 on East 91st.
This gloomy but riveting adult psychodrama is an extended, bitter confrontation between the older woman and her raging, self-pitying offspring.
In each of these sculptures, one form plays against another in a way that suggests a musical instrument.
Open Resistance to Fascism While the exhibition includes Toscanini's whole musical career, the highlights cover his open resistance to Fascist Italy and Nazi Germany.
''The couple wanted an up-and-coming area and that's what they got.
It said the department had started a ''management review'' of whether Mr. Lindgren's activities, as described in the deputy inspector general's report, ''had any impact upon the decision-making and recommendation processes'' of the regional office.
The Archbishop of the Armenian church started this Easter tradition 15 years ago, and ''because there is less harmony in the world,'' he said, ''every year it is becoming more meaningful.''
The impact derailed 22 cars on the first train and 12 on the second, Ms. Byrne said.
The Bills had moved to within 24-21 midway through the period, and O'Brien was faced with a third-and-10.
Developers who make substantial improvements in specific buildings will be eligible for a 10-year tax abatement, said Jill Kammerer, a senior planner for the agency.
But he nearly failed Preaching; Jesse Jackson, seminary student, got a D, according to his teacher.
Programs to the Soviet Union are carried in nine languages.
Saberhagen's achievement marked the beginning of an effort to reverse a season of frustration in 1986, in which his shoulder problems created a 7-12 record and an earned-run average of 4.15.
Mr. Solarz praised the State Department for its persistence in urging President Chun to accept reforms.
$ Republican Registered primary voters voters George Bush Favorable 46% 30% Not favorable 15 25 Alexander M. Haig Jr.
The police, aware of mounting attacks, look the other way.
Imports escalated, exports stagnated and the resulting trade deficit set unhealthy records.
While technically not much of a singer, his articulate, chatty delivery and confident pianism enabled him to put over his small, bitterly funny insights perfectly.
But you wouldn't lie to the President?
Steve Foley, a free safety, retired Friday.
Both suspects were ordered held in lieu of $100,000 bail each.
Elbow, wrist and cue move as though controlled by a single joint.
Most hollow-wall anchors fall into two categories.
In quality, they are different, but it is recognized that people of each sex are capable of producing to some degree the other's basic sound.
International Business Machines, another active issue, rose 1, to 127 1/4, on a turnover of 1.9 million.
(Kennedy subtly corrected Lincoln's redundancy of fellow-countrymen; that was especially astute.)
Thursday's group skied through Shrewsbury and Cuttingsville, Vt., on old roads and little-used snowmobile trails and finished with a steep descent onto Route 100 just below Killington.
And in his introduction of Mr. Reagan to Parliament, the Prime Minister called for a ''firm bilateral accord that would provide a North American solution to acid rain.''
Going into that game, Blum was the all-purpose offensive leader in Division I-AA, averaging 196.3 yards per game.
This correspondent was set upon by an angry crowd after he photographed - at the urging of hospital personnel -a confrontation from a window of the Shifa Hospital.
An estimated 31,000 Americans have been diagnosed as having AIDS, a usually fatal disease.
FOOTBALL MIAMI (AFC) - Signed Tom Strauthers, defensive end.
For those who have difficulty thinking in acres, a square two-acre pond would be a bit less than 100 yards on each side.
The study, conducted from November 1983 to October 1985, compiled 474 complaints.
Sporadic talks between Mr. Rivera and the Sandinistas have failed in the past, but Mr. Rivera said today that he thought the coming negotiations could succeed.
The major Kaplan competitor, the newer Princeton Review, with 25 branches, has a six-week course for $595, which includes practice S.A.T.
''It's just full of boats.''
Fees are $40 for the two younger groups, and $75 for the two older groups.
Jan. 24, 1986: The Siddarth Continental, New Delhi; the toll was 38.
's efforts to set minimum cleanup standards, or as Mr. Lautenberg put it, to decide ''How clean is clean?''
Screen door broken, dust on ceiling fan, wall plaster broken, mold on refrigerator walls and ceiling, rust on refrigerator shelf, stove hood not working, water dripping from sink and dishwasher.
Still another program, offered by the federally-financed Energy Conservation Bank, will soon become available through local utilities.
Throughout his Administration, President Reagan has made it clear that he believes abortion is wrong.
He does other things, too, such as being a senior staff economist on President Reagan's Council of Economic Advisers.
Entree choices are grilled chicken breast with green peppercorn sauce; calf's liver with sweet red onions, bacon, apples and an apple cider sauce and rare-grilled tuna steak with fresh ginger, snow peas and grilled scallions.
All homelessness is to some extent a housing problem, but providing just housing may be only a temporary expedient.
Japan's last attempt, a $21 billion expansion package, had little effect.
417, where the bone-white scene before us might as well be in Dusseldorf or Cologne as in Manhattan.
Mr. Deaver's counsel argued in Federal District Court in a lawuit filed today that the 1978 law permitting the appointment of special prosecutors violated the constitutional doctrine of separation of powers.
The leveraged buyout is being conducted by the Rosewood Holdings Corporation, a new company.
Bartrug's 1942 ''Mother Goose Health Rhymes'' and Marjorie Ainsborough Decker's 1978 ''Christian Mother Goose Book'' - I was surprised that she overlooked ''Mother Goose Rhymes for Jewish Children'' by Sara G. Levy, first published in 1945.
The bride is a granddaughter of Dorothy Viscountess Weir of New York and Far Hills, N.J., and the late Homer Parant Metzger of New York, and of the late Arthur Coxe Paterson, who was a partner in the New York law firm Bleakley, Platt, Gilchrist & Walker, and the late Mrs. Patterson of New York and Noroton, Conn. Mrs. Fay's great-grandfather was Presiding Justice Edward Patterson of the Appellate Division, First Department, in New York.
According to the survey, more than 90 percent of the chief executives have the protection of such payments.
* Professional dues and publications are deductible.
Something is happening and the West must be alert.
In addition, intelligence analysts say, Iran has begun receiving Chinese-built surface-to-surface missiles similar to the Soviet Scud, with range for attacks on Baghdad, the Iraqi capital.
More typically, however, their demise is cause for wonder, like the novel itself: ''Dousika's soul had left his body.
Red Roof Restaurant, Keene Airport, North Swanzey, N.H. (603-352-4342).
His aim was to keep his small team from facing too many mismatches inside.
Michele Anne De Mey and her partner, Pierre Droulers, will perform ''Face a Face,'' a choreographed work of cat-and-mouse movements, tonight at 8:30.
We are struck by the kindness, the affection that flows between the Nakamuras, their two grown daughters and grandchildren.
We haven't had any fights.
A sentence of 16 months is urged for a white-collar criminal convicted of reaping $1 million by insider trading.
In an effort to reopen the case against the Archbishop, Paul C. Marcinkus, and two other Vatican bank officials, the magistrates have filed a constitutional challenge against the provision of a treaty between Italy and the Vatican under which the three officials successfully claimed immunity from prosecution.
Mr. Martin's letter said that the Office of Government Ethics is not inquiring into the matter, in deference to the special prosecutor appointed to investigate whether there were illegal conflicts of interest in Mr. Meese's links to Wedtech which is the focus of New York State, Federal and Congressional investigations.
''They've been keying on me because there was only me.''
Could a United States company paying $28 beat a German or Japanese manufacturer running on $18 oil?
Senator Enrile is considered Mrs. Aquino's chief political challenger.
Mr. Arkin's papers show that Mr. Gebauer repaid Morgan about $1.5 million before resigning from the bank in August 1985, and has paid another $4.4 million since then.
New Revenues Foreseen An improved economy, particularly from higher corporate tax revenues, will pay for the additional officers, the Mayor said, but he declined to discuss specifics pending release of his proposed executive budget on Tuesday.
Sets of $2 bills were selling at 4 for $11 and 16 for $37.
''You don't want it to be back at the races too quickly here.
President Franklin D. Roosevelt gave the town an inadvertent assist in 1933, when his election the previous year created a chance to fill a post office vacancy with a Democrat, and Ed Rousselot got the job.
A Federal judge ruled yesterday that Columbia Pictures improperly copied a popular poster that whimsically portrayed a New Yorker's parochial view of the world to advertise the movie ''Moscow on the Hudson.''
Mr. Klein, an architect who graduated from Cornell University, is the director of Allen Klein, A.I.A., an architectural firm in New York.
St. Francis Hospital, which now has 227 beds and five operating rooms, was built in 1973.
Its rooms and restaurants command views of the bluffs and the Pacific.
A black velvet jacket decorated with mice embroidered in pink and blue jewels had a Disneyland quality.
But then Roy sees the Mercedes.
The target company, United Airlines, is the world's largest private air carrier.
There is a larger cadre of those who are using their children as an excuse to spout venom and lies about groups of people they despise and feel threatened by.
Two passenger trains collided Friday in a popular resort region of southern Portugal, killing 5 people and injuring 29, officials said.
His first record purchase was Chubby Checker's 1960 hit ''The Twist,'' but at 15 John Mellencamp found grittier fare.
Gimpel's disheveled looks and dress, as well as the contrast between his devotional mode of praying and his childish ways, excited the fantasy of the children.
Burton Bongard, 46 years old, was sentenced to 15 years in prison, five years of which were suspended, and ordered to pay $114 million in restitution for mishandling the bank's money.
Indeed, most communications programs now come with a utility program designed expressly for this purpose.
Mr. Shamir began a three-day visit to Washington to discuss a range of issues with senior American officials, including President Reagan, with whom he is to confer on Wednesday.
''Although I liked doing that, I wasn't out to fool people and say 'Guess which one is me.'
THE FIFTIES: From Notebooks and Diaries of the Period, by Edmund Wilson.
After putting down the phone she asked her mother: ''How do you play bridge?''
Speaking of surrounding counties, the Rockland Center for the Arts presents a number of impressive musical programs over the year, but the jewel of the set is the Tappan Zee Concert Series, with a roster of performers this season that includes such eminent names as the cellist Frederick Zlotkin, the pianist (and artistic director) Abba Bogin, the New York Camerata, and the Emerson String Quartet.
What he said suggested that harmony between management and workers may not have been irrevocably torn by the strike.
Chevrier, who faced 20 shots, replaced the starting goaltender, Bob Sauve, who was knocked out of the game in the second period with a shoulder injury on a check by Russ Courtnall of Toronto.
In addition, he said, engineers are to augment control systems, add an extra antenna for close-in Earth communication, change computer software to handle the extra maneuvers and update some of the 11 experiments included on the Jupiter orbiter and 6 instruments on the atmospheric probe.
It was also, perhaps, a vision of guerrillas, irregulars, who went into the jungles into an area of freedom - freedom, that is, from civilization itself.
But the South player, Prakash Kumar, knew this play was doomed: West was virtually sure to have the heart ace to justify his vulnerable overcall.
Many of them view the situation as a liability for Mikhail S. Gorbachev.
He told it brilliantly, Seldes remembered, creating ''a little epic of effort and heroics and devotion'' that held them spellbound.
So most druggists strive to own their own store.
But for the longer term, her investment opinion is ''above average.''
''That one,'' Pasqua said proudly, ''I hit right on the screws.''
Brecht wrote the work, ''The Exception and the Rule,'' a play with songs about a race across the desert, in 1930.
Catherine Liddell will play the theorbo, a plucked instrument similar to the lute.
The Gimbels chain was anchored by the Herald Square store in New York City.
This new Canadian play is a heavy storm cloud.
She had been strangled and stabbed 40 times.
A tiny, chipped bust of Marcos stands atop a record player beside a pop-up greeting card to the ''World's Greatest Dad.''
Down and out, Elmer will spend years struggling to reunite his family.
The picture in Nicaragua is more complicated.
''The total gross so far, playing only in Indiana and Los Angeles, is $3,968,400, which, if multiplied throughout the country, would make it a very big hit.''
Two physicians at New York Hospital were accused by the state yesterday of incompetence or gross neglect at the opening hearing into the death of an 18-year-old woman at the hospital two years ago.
One could call it neither fish nor fowl.''
Mr. Bookin said Mr. Donovan was implicated through checks that he signed for Jopel and that Mr. Donovan ''constantly shifted statements about what he knew and what he did'' concerning Jopel.
Since most of north Jersey was already occupied by well-heeled New Yorkers, Sandusky couldn't locate any closer than Trenton.
''Between now and the New Hampshire primary next February,'' he wrote, ''they will destroy him if they can.''
He said he was encouraged by the reaction he has received from other Democrats and would probably form a committee this month to raise money to explore his candidacy.
''We welcome the Administration's new words of concern about the trade deficit,'' Mr. Wright said.
Engineers for the space agency and Morton Thiokol Inc. worked today to unravel a frustrating series of breakdowns that forced postponement of the second full-scale test-firing Saturday of the redesigned booster rocket for the space shuttle.
Ms. Lewit Nirenberg said the response rate had been about 4 percent.
Not until 1651, as the royalist forces were battling unsuccessfully against Cromwell, was Tantallon beaten.
But Jerry Buss, the Lakers' owner, has asked Abdul-Jabbar to play for two more seasons, and will begin negotiations this week on a contract extension to keep Abdul-Jabbar in uniform through the 1988-89 season.
Customers must provide a doctor's note, obituary or death certificate as proof.
Under the order, double shifts of 40 workers, assigned to six-day-a-week detail, will remove the cancer-causing substance from Clara Barton High School in the Crown Heights section.
To use the closet auger, push the curved end of the pipe into the bowl and then aim the end up over the lip of the trap inside the opening.
Because of the involuntary nature of sterility, she added, it is also morally distinguishible from voluntary measures such as abortion or surrogate-motherhood arrangments.
President,'' Ms. Totenberg replies, ''I think you're coming precious close to asking me how I would rule.''
He urged the presiding judge, Justice Thomas A. Demakos, to apply to the defense a 1986 United States Supreme Court decision that prohibits prosecutors from doing this.
Analysts said the tax law and overbuilding put a damper on construction activity.
Those demands have been escalating, as a consequence both of urban density and of public policy that mental patients and other unfortunates cannot be packed away in warehouses.
And, he adds, there is always the danger that the higher amount could begin ''a hard-to-control wage-price spiral.''
The obvious truth is that everybody leaks and nobody is innocent.
General Svendsen was a consultant to the Washington lobbying concern of Alcalde, Henderson, O'Bannon & Rousselot, which had on its staff many former high Government and military officials.
In Mr. O'Brien, they have found a director whose dedication to the text is unusually firm.
She said she did not know the pilot.
Mr. Dolan said the railroad has turned down the request for conductors to wear the gloves on a voluntary basis.
Both Conservative and Alliance leaders said Labor had been weakened by its losses, particularly in such traditional strongholds as Nottingham.
At Columbia University's student health service, vending machines that dispense condoms for 50 cents apiece were installed a year ago in three of the men's and women's bathrooms.
They have to change, leave the ego and vanity behind.
has not been immune to profit pressures.
But the psychology of Japanese investors - and their willingness to pay more for Avon Japan's shares -has improved.
All of which is diverting, and will no doubt arouse various readers to some pitch of emotion or other, depending on where they find themselves on Mr. Jacoby's political spectrum.
And as much for its personalities as its output, it endured for three decades - more, really, considering that its effect on the style of England's haute bohemia lingered on after World War II.
He retired last June, receiving emeritus status.
That theory arose after divers discovered a hole in the front of the wreck that appeared to have been caused by a blast, said Jacques Montlucon, who is overseeing the preservation of artifacts retrieved from the ship.
The prize in the contest was Hudson's Bay, mainly for its three chains of department stores - Simpsons, Zellers and The Bay stores - that accounted for 45 percent of all department store trade in Canada.
For now, Mr. Engelman said, conventioneers tend to stay inside the center during the day, grabbing a quick snack at the 700-seat cafeteria-style restaurant or at one of the hot dog stands throughout the building.
Walking down a crowded sidewalk is like bobbing and weaving in a boxing ring to avoid an umbrella to the eye.
Bianchi said two factors worked in Pitino's favor.
''There is always the desire on the part of some people to increase sanctions, who don't have any sanctions to apply,'' he said.
''His flight is not necessarily an admission of guilt; he may be a smart young man who may realize the cards are stacked against him,'' said Robert Cottle, who lives near the Kelly family on Christie Hill Lane.
He acknowledges and hates his own hypocrisy, but respects and lives with his choice, doing his slapstick skits with integrity.
It can cause colitis, leading to diarrhea and wasting.
As today's talks began officials of several carriers characterized them as poor, quick fixes to what they saw as deeper problems.
* While Senator Boschwitz has been working to recruit promising Republicans as Senate candidates in 1988, several possible winners have already refused to run, and longtime party leaders are concerned.
She also described her telegram work as valuable improvisation practice.
A16 In a culinary generation gap, members of an old guard of American chefs, producing classic French cuisine, vie for customers with members of a new guard of chefs producing an often idiosyncratic cuisine.
procedure to us, after which we speak to the medical director, a tall, determined man.
It was agreed in this meeting that there would be a future high-level meeting between the - and in the near future - between high-level officials of the United States and high-ranking members of the Iranian Government.
The crew will then be laid off and the park will be returned to the partnership, he said.
Honda officials said the expansion would substantially increase the share of American-made components in its engines, drivetrains and suspension systems, and would add about 800 jobs.
Adopted in The Hague on Oct. 27 by the seven-nation Western European Union, the charter committed its signers to ''defend any member country at its borders.''
''I just don't feel extremely comfortable in Shea or Yankee Stadium,'' he said.
But W. Hampton Sides, a freelance writer who wrote a profile of Mr. Gore for Memphis magazine last year, said the Senator had ''told me several people went to prison'' as a result of his investigative work, The Commercial Appeal said.
As for the bank's management, he added that ''it's preparing its response.''
Mr. Ascher and the court officers later contradicted Ms. Holtzman's version, saying the judge had rejected the lawyer's request that the complainant demonstrate her position during the attack.
Navistar, formerly known as International Harvester, had lost money in all but one of its last seven fiscal years.
And I've got more of it than most guys my age.
If confirmed by the Senate over the passionate opposition of liberals, the 60-year-old jurist may be in a position to cement a majority on the sharply divided court to restrict or overrule many of those decisions.
''Then there is the whole missionary aspect of the Catholic Church.
A Republican, Mr. Wydler was a one-
The 5 percent sales tax is an ambitious attempt to extend its tax jurisdiction beyond its borders.
However, West can do one trick better.
''In the main,'' he said, ''I believe what the United States Government is asking for is grossly exaggerated.''
It is, rather, to establish forceful personal reasons why he (or she, if Representative Schroeder enters) could most effectively lead the Democratic Party back to power, then lead the country to the eminence in which American voters passionately want to believe.
To the Editor: Michael Beard's review of my ''Out of Egypt: Scenes and Arguments of an Autobiography'' (Feb. 1) gives no sense of the book's form, its intentional variations on narrative and essay, recollected experience and live reflection, mediating the past, present, future and eternity, interlayered in consciousness.
But Cindy Parmenter, an aide to Gov.
In the meantime, budget ministers are still deadlocked over a 1987 spending plan, leaving the community to limp along by staying within the confines of last year's budget.
Bell to investigate allegations of wrongdoings in connection with low-interest mortgage loans from a state agency.
Under the circumstances, a newspaper subsidized by the United States, as La Prensa was, would be quite a luxury.
Mr. Ivory frankly admits, ''I never thought of it, and didn't and couldn't see it as a reason for not making the film.''
A variety of foster care choices should be available for needy children, including orphanage-type institutions.
A defeat in the committee would kill the nomination.
Shareholders filed several lawsuits, still in the courts.
Besides sketching in recent twists and turns in the city's fortunes, Mr. Allman also gives his readers a succinct history of Miami, tracing its metamorphosis, in 90 years, from wilderness to metropolis.
b-Net loss The share earnings are in units.
She also has a sly sense of humor, and she can dance on the fine line between parody and sincerity - especially on stage, where she gestures like a Grand Ole Opry diva.
The surrogate primary, coupled with a potential four-way contest for the Bronx borough presidential nomination, creates further turbulence among Bronx Democrats after a year in which the borough's top Democrats have been involved in municipal scandals.
Left unfinished at his death and now extensively edited, Hemingway's novel is ''highly readable .
Mr. Trope called to the stand a professor of psychiatry from U.C.L.A.
Hundreds of thousands of Europeans and many Americans, most of them traveling with Roman Catholic church groups, visit the village and attend services in its church.
For information about ship accessibility, send a stamped, self-addressed No.
A separate bill appropriating the money then faces action by each chamber of Congress.
He attributed the rejection to his group's work on human-rights violations in Communist countries, as well as Soviet retaliation for the rejection of a Mongolian-based Buddhist group.
The San Diego Yacht Club said that if it defeated Mr. Fay, it would proceed with plans to hold a traditional defense off San Diego in 1991.
Tamil guerrilla groups have forcibly recruited Moslem youths and attacked Moslem communities for failing to support the Tamil cause.
The pilots and the flight attendants are also not expected to lose jobs.
1 player in the world, defeated Gilbert, 6-2, 6-4, for his 14th career victory without a loss against Gilbert, and second in four days.
''There are people who can sit as jurors and decide the evidence without basing their decision on reputation,'' he said.
Demolition of the old area, which has been paved over and turned into a concourse, will also make the grounds far more navigable for fans on Derby Day.
''It was a misunderstanding based on assumptions that never occurred.''
JUAN MANUEL RIVERA GONZALEZ Secretary of Labor Commonwealth of Puerto Rico Hato Rey, P.R., Jan. 14, 1987
(Farrar, Straus & Giroux, $15.95.)
The United States has spent $190 million on the embassy's construction and experts have estimated it would cost another $20 million to $40 million to make the building secure.
His crime was to reveal the cases of dissidents whom he had diagnosed as sane who had been hospitalized for political reasons.
Facing his first annual meeting since taking over last January, Mr. Camdessus promised that the I.M.F.
The 60-year-old unemployed man who killed six people and wounded 10 with a rifle at two shopping centers in Palm Bay was described as a loner who taunted children and displayed his gun.
Go make some appointments at the networks.
''Without such a representation the case would be very weak.''
Cables relay images back to the ship electronically.
The industry's production amounted to 81.9 percent of capacity during the week, compared with 81.7 percent the previous week.
Archbishop Weakland's words, which spoke of the pain women feel as ''second-class citizens in a church they love,'' were uncommonly blunt for a bishop's address to the Pope.
The Bic Corporation is facing mounting lawsuits on behalf of people who have been burned - and in some cases killed - by fires they say were caused by defects in the company's disposable butane lighters.
It could have ended by looking both trivial and unconvincing, but when he was in top form, whether in paintings, drawings or prints, his work had a glorious freedom of reference and was fired up by his magnanimous and life-loving character.
The California Democrat added, ''We're getting a document that the House can buy and that the majority party can defend.''
b-Includes income from discontinued operations of $4,262,000 for the quarter and $26,420,000 for the 6 months.
Because of the 25-year time lapse, verifying the record is virtually impossible.
So he took off for a week in London.
''We don't see any regional or class differences in drug abuse,'' said Mr. Sutherland, whose company maintains 11 offices throughout the country.
Monday, July 13, was different.
''No iceberg comes through this door.
Friends of Animals insists that mute swans be protected by the state, having the freedom to live and raise their young without human interference and harassment.
A Japanese official even proclaimed success because there was ''no Japan-bashing.''
A Strong Combination Seen But USAir, analysts agreed, seems eager to take over Piedmont, one of the fastest and most profitable carriers in the nation.
One wonders about the etiology of such psychosocial Weltschmerz.
For maps, there is the Maine Atlas and Gazetteer published by DeLorme in Freeport; for advice, ''The Bicentennial Guide to the American Revolution'' by Sol Stember, published by the Saturday Review Press/E.
We don't have to hear about their love affairs, their divorces.''
A spokesman for Community Board 8, in which region the museum falls, and which supported the first plan, favored the new plan.
''I will cease attempting to see that there is some type of comity,'' he said.
Fox was in fourth place in 1985 because of ''Back to the Future'' and Prince was in eighth place in 1984 with ''Purple Rain'' - the list is most interesting in spotlighting the few stars who have endured for decades.
Borough President David Dinkins of Manhattan delayed a vote on the scheme, but has not yet taken a position on the project itself.
He presented them with a signed statement that their evidence was conclusive.
However, perhaps the Vatican or the International Center for the Study of the Preservation and Restoration of Cultural Property should arrange for a group of conservators to re-examine the work and agree on its completion.
Only the teams know if they have made any use of that scouting report, but developments this year have run directly opposite to the period the study covers.
The President said at his nationally televised news conference that he would replace two members who quit recently.
He played sparingly in the first half but saw more action in the second half, playing in what he described as ''bad pain.''
And there is one other factor.
''The Dance and Music of Africa,'' a program that opened last night at the Jacob's Pillow Dance Festival, is not your ordinary presentation of ethnic dance.
At that point high interest rates were spawning foreclosures, forcing some sellers in distress to accept no-money-down offers.
; a stepson, John R. Fell Jr. of Locust Valley, L.I.
When the first meeting was held Tuesday, Mr. Shultz was accompanied by Paul H. Nitze, his senior arms control adviser, and other top State Department officials.
''But are we then to use two standards of judgment?''
Winfield then collected his second hit of the inning, a single to right that scored Mattingly for the lead.
''I don't yell for the sake of yelling,'' Parcells said today.
Mr. Ronzoni said it would take several months of operation under the new agreement before American pasta makers could determine what the impact was on the American market.
The Colorado Democrat, considered the front-runner for the Democratic nomination, had scheduled the trip before the Cuomo announcement last week but has since doubled the number of meetings with financiers, real-estate developers and others who are not only prospective contributors themselves but also have access to other potential contributors - ''collectors,'' according to Hart aides.
Carting companies must pay $90 to $100 a ton in disposal costs, compared with current costs in the Meadowlands area of about $27 a ton.
The film is playing at the Sutton, Third Avenue and 57th Street.
''I happen to like her style; it's a brittle, New York style in which she doesn't suffer fools, but there is an enormous amount of snobbery in the cultural world - you know,'' he said switching to a patrician accent, ''She played the piano.''
Security was tight throughout the conference, with admittance by one of 19 color-coded badges.
c-Net loss and after losses from discontinued operations of $254,099 for the quarter and $1,328,405 for the 9 months.
Carter, who had been beaten for one touchdown and committed pass interference that led to another against the Bills, answered questions coolly and spoke confidently of a better outing against the Patriots.
I am impressed that children are so agile and so resilient that they deflect attacks and spring back up almost immediately after being downed.
San Francisco New Joe's Special Preparation time: 8 minutes Cooking time: 14 minutes 2 tablespoons vegetable oil 1 medium-size onion, peeled and chopped 1 pound ground beef 1/2 teaspoon marjoram Salt and pepper to taste 10 ounces fresh spinach, washed and chopped 4 eggs, well beaten.
Doubtless I was the least illustrious of the symposiasts and was printed last (as usual) for alphabetical reasons, but I specifically quoted the ''better red than dead'' slogan in order to deny its relevance.
The Legislature passed a bill dealing with the way hospitals are reimbursed for services that, in effect, allows hospitals to continue to charge widely varying rates for care.
All three branches of government would be responsible for policing their own members.
As they used to say about copperhead bites back in Eastern Kentucky, ''Wasn't no accident, buddy, he meant it.''
C1 Milwaukee school rights case A20 Labor adopts a novel tactic A21 A fight to visit the dead A22 Plan to save Louisiana wetlands A27 WASHINGTON TALK A26 Profile: Esther Coopersmith REGIONAL B1-4 Simplified telephone rates were proposed by the New York Telephone Company.
Wheat futures drew some strength from fresh Soviet buying interest, but not enough to lift prices above Thursday's close.
Others rejected the business after negotiation.
Three attackers and one soldier were reported killed in the clashes.
While I agree that the resort is probably the biggest, most varied and is quite beautiful, the managers are totally unaccommodating.
''The reason we yell at Reagan in the Rose Garden is that's the only place we see him.''
With Federal grants of about $25,000 each, the public libraries here and in Irvington have begun weekly one-to-one volunteer tutoring programs for adults and have set up resource centers to provide materials for tutors and students and for tutor-training sites.
Meanwhile, legal battles can last decades or even generations.
A Blow to Shamir Government Since Israel's state-appointed Chief Rabbis, who come from the Orthodox stream of Judaism, do not recognize Reform and Conservative rabbis as authentic agents of Jewish law, anyone converted by such rabbis would not have been considered a Jew in Israel or eligible for automatic citizenship - if the amendment had been approved.
Mr. Hadi would have us believe Pakistan is on the verge of civil war and disintegration.
John Homans skipped some of the early history of the ''21'' Club.
Congressional leaders and top Administration officials reached ''agreement in principle'' late tonight on a proposal to continue nonmilitary aid to the Nicaraguan rebels, removing a major obstacle to approval of legislation that would carry out the 1988 budget compromise.
Now Pilkington is hoping to diversify into the preparation of contact lens solutions, and again it concluded that buying Vision Care would be better than starting from scratch.
There was a long pause, then a smile, but he declined to answer.
Another wanted to eradicate the Senate.
Technological Breakthroughs The new chip also contains several technological milestones.
Under a tentative agreement an- DNA Plant's stock gained 12.5 cents in over-the-counter trading today to close at $4.125 a share, giving the deal a value of about $37 million Advance Genetic stock also gained 12.5 cents, to $2.625.
In September, a 25-year-old Harlem man was badly beaten by three men who tried to rob him and then threw him onto the tracks at the Soundview station in the Bronx when they found no money on him.
A fully effective population defense, moreover, probably never will be possible; and it's not even clear that a partial defense or a point defense of American retaliatory missiles would be worth the time and effort to develop and deploy it.
It noted, however, that almost two-thirds of the zoos contacted had problems with unauthorized intruders, mostly between 4 P.M. and 2 A.M. Henry J. Stern, the parks commissioner, said his department had already moved to carry out many of the recommendations in the report.
Meanwhile, domestic and foreign investment institutions continue to have large amounts of cash available for investment in financial assets.''
Under questioning before Congress, General Kelley pointed out that, as far as military operations were concerned, the chain of command bypassed him, flowing from the local commanders to the European commander in chief, Gen. Bernard Rogers, who took responsibility at the hearing for what happened.
A man entered a Fidelity Bank branch in south Philadelphia shortly after noon Wednesday, the police said, and handed the teller a note reading: ''I have a gun.
The Justices said they would review a $11.4 million jury award in the case, Allied Tube v. Indian Head, No.
Mr. Dingell and Mr. Markey are considered the most influential members of the House on securities matters, since they preside over the committees responsible for all securities legislation.
'I Wasn't Having Any Fun' ''I made a lot of money but I was working seven days a week,'' he said.
The Brotherhood: From Violence to Votes Founded in 1928 by Hassan al-Banna, the Moslem Brotherhood, Ikwan in Arabic, has long been an important political undercurrent.
Enter Gastineau, who last Sunday made his first sack of the season in games featuring regular players.
This dish is intentionally well cooked.
In response to questions, Mr. Gephardt was also critical of Senator Gore, who has been taking an increasingly hard line on defense and foreign policy, accusing his Democratic opponents of following ''the politics of retreat, complacency and doubt.''
For the past five years, most of it as chief financial officer of Doyle Dane Bernbach, Mr. Pfundstein faced many financial crises, culminating in the most difficult of recent agency mergers, the three-way deal with D.D.B., Needham Harper Worldwide and BBDO International to form the Omnicom Group.
''It's a problem that is not going to go away,'' said Admiral Boyes.
.Down with all the Upper Classes!.
The local millionaires meet once a month at Mrs. DiBenedetto's house, and over coffee and cake they discuss ''money, what else?''
Treasury notes and bonds are the favored vehicle for many portfolio managers when they expect a sharp drop in interest rates.
Statewide, only 7.9 million are registered of 14 million eligible, he said.
The gloom has deepened in recent weeks because of a spate of bad news and pessimistic forecasts about France's economy: * After expanding only 2 percent last year, France's gross national product will probably grow an anemic 1.25 percent this year, meaning that it will continue to trail other leading industrialized nations, according to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development.
Council rejected, meanwhile, the applications of three current football players - Willie Gault, Henry Ellard and Vince Courville - to return to track.
A Washington dispatch on Oct. 24, 1985, reported a Pentagon announcement that more than half of the new Army and Marine Corps helmets made by the Gentex Corporation of Carbondale, Pa., were defective.
My hometown has not, to my knowledge, adopted an official plant, but if it did it would probably be the yew.
He has guest-conducted the Berlin Philhamonic and made at least two recordings with that orchestra.
''People in Ridgefield are in the corporate world, where the bucks are big.''
Corporate America is a tempting takeover target to the British, the Germans, the Japanese, the Swiss and the French.
The composer-keyboardist Amina Claudine Myers will present her chamber opera ''When the Berries Fell'' tonight at 8 o'clock at the Triplex at Manhattan Community College, 199 Chambers Street (618-1980).
But a President's chief of staff, to operate effectively, must be assertive.
In 1964, Graves went to Paris on a Fulbright-Hays grant.
In fact, over these last few years, with the Consumer Price Index hovering at 3 percent or less, the average annual growth rate of the property tax exceeds 7.4 percent.
He continued with the firm until his appointment to the bench.
Investigators See a Pattern Other Italian officials and a senior American diplomat involved in antiterrorism efforts said investigators had not determined with certainty whether Mr. Khodr and Mr. Hamadei were involved in the same operation.
''McDonald's got a big heart to play inside like that against bigger players,'' said Seikaly, who led Syracuse with 23 points and 14 rebounds.
The Mayor spoke then of a ''rosy glow on the horizon.''
FRENCH DESIGNS International Design Center, Center One, 30-30 Thompson Avenue, Long Island City; 718-937-7474.
Company Use of Job Banks Ford has had no more than 624 people in its job bank at any time and has spent only $14 million of the $280 million maximum, the company said.
It consists of 10 required courses designed to provide a common understanding of the liberal arts including art, literature, science, mathematical reasoning and computer programming, Western civilization and non-Western cultures.
In addition, many defendants asserted that they were tortured and their families threatened.
Airline Safety Crisis Seen Many American aviation experts cite an increase in near collisions and other problems in warning that flight disasters could be imminent.
''There will be a group put together by the board of deacons to see what should be done.
They took a gamble in doing so.
However, he refused to discuss the future of the assemblage.
Col. Larry Caylor, visited his hotel room to discuss the matter further.
Said a spokesman, Joseph McKaughan: ''Is there room for two large centers in the region?
''I've heard people say to the maitre d' 'Please call a taxi for me -I've had too much to drink,' '' she said.
Texaco received a 120-day extension last August and lawyers for the company say they need more time now as they pursue an appeal of the Pennzoil verdict to the Supreme Court.
Entertainment Marketing Inc. said today that it had formed a partnership to wage a proxy fight for control of Crazy Eddie Inc., the New York-based electronics retailer.
'Everything Goes Wrong' All these events contributed to Mr. Reagan's refusal to admit mistakes in the Iran matter, his friends say.
Local press reports recently asserted that Uganda had helped about 200 Kenyan dissidents to travel to Libya for military training to overthrow Kenya's government and that Libyans were heavily involved in Kampala's war against rebels in northern Uganda.
This, he said, was certain to arouse the annual griping that the fair had become too big, that the fun of the early years has waned as publishing has evolved into big business.
I didn't know what to think.
The fact that three major bank holding companies are issuing new equity could put pressure on other leading banks to follow.
Tin, until recently, was responsible for most of Bolivia's foreign exchange.
The payment violated National Collegiate Athletic Association rules, but Walters contended it was not illegal and maintained the contract should be enforced.
Upon landing, he was taken to University of Alberta Hospital, where he underwent examination.
Mr. Garcia and Mr. Cerezo appealed to young people with ''a new discourse,'' Dr. O'Donnell said.
The American frigate Stark was hit by a missile fired from an Iraqi jet on May 17.
Alfred S. Warren Jr., vice president for labor relations at G.M., vigorously denies this allegation.
The Speaker's 1986 disclosure report shows that he received between $100,001 and $250,000 from the company, which is named Mallightco.
was McGwire's 86th of the season.
According to Brian Walker, exhibit director and Mort Walker's son, ''They were chosen on the basis of critical success, popular appeal and innovative approaches to their work.''
But courts generally give them less weight and interpret them more narrowly than decisions in which the Court issues an opinion explaining its reasoning.
Heifetz, as a matter of fact, was one of the last violinists to continue the outmoded practice of playing concertos on his solo programs.
It is one of the few forms that can be derived from traditional Jewish symbols.
One person knowledgeable about the committees dismissed the possibility that Mr. Holmes a Court could influence Texaco.
The pace of discovery itself has been remarkable.
But more than 40 years later - at around the time British imperial illusions finally collapsed - Piltdown man was revealed to be a fraud.
?, Black can answer 9 PxN by 9 ... N-B4 followed by exchanging the white bishop.
''But it's an industrywide situation in which prices are going up and being passed on to the consumer, so that we can only expect profit margin erosion.''
But the United spokesman quoted the Air Wisconsin pilot as saying he was aware only of the shadow of the United jet passing overhead.
The city then agreed in the fall of 1985 to promote officers using a quota system based on the percentage of black, white and Hispanic officers who took the test.
The national holiday celebrates the official beginning of European settlement in Australia in 1788.
This will be good news to the legions of women who prefer not to show their thighs off the beach.
Yelena Bonner said her mother, who was among the first of Stalin's victims to be rehabilitated by Khrushchev, was never able to work again after her release in 1954.
He's really quite an extraordinary man.''
Bird added 13 assists and 8 rebounds.
In the last four years, according to estimates by the National Tax Administration Agency, 30,000 Japanese companies have moved their head offices here.
Still, the visitors are happy to see Armenians relatively safe and together.
THE long-held philosophy of the National Park Service - maintain the parks as much as possible as ''a vignette of primitive America'' - has come under increasing attack.
Defendants' Strategy The defense is being led by Leonard I. Weinglass, who nearly 20 years ago defended Mr. Hoffman and other members of the ''Chicago Seven'' on charges arising from antiwar demonstrations at the Democratic National Convention in 1968.
Young entrepreneurs offer their wares on the sidewalks of Peddler's Square between the East and West Markets, displaying an assortment of used clothing, sunglasses, sickly sweet smelling sticks of incense, wristwatches of dubious provenance and old girlie magazines.
At that point, Mr. Dale was approached by the show's producers about heading the American cast.
By contrast, he said, in the 1960's when the nation faced a Soviet challenge after the launching of the first space satellite, the foundation sought to foster the development of model curriculums for developing scientists.
They performed compositions with free-jazz wave-rhythms, and compositions that had a more or less conventional swing.
So civic leaders and city officials are working together to build a marketing campaign.
''No independent counsel makes a reputation by deciding not to prosecute, and so every lead, every possible violation, every technical, picky little concern is open for investigation in a way that within the Justice Department simply wouldn't be possible,'' Mr. Bolton asserted.
The other step is transferring parts production to the United States - a move that Japanese officials saw as necessary, given rising protectionist sentiments in Washington and the potential of the American market.
How can I remove these spots?
A Schwab spokesman declined to confirm the identity of the customer, saying it was against company policy to discuss customer business.
But Justice Department officials questioned whether the tapes would be admissible as evidence.
A standard reference work in a 1983 revision.
I don't need to look.
And they are quick to try out new operating procedures if they seem likely to be profitable.
My sadness at our daughters' leaving is undeniably mixed with pride at their being ready to go.
In all, the group has played the premiere performances of nearly 60 contemporary quartets.
Only one room of the Kangakuin has, in fact, been reproduced in the Metropolitan Museum.
Checking for Breast Cancer Women who are at high risk of developing breast cancer can be monitored without charge at the Preventive Medicine Institute of the Strang Clinic.
Later, in New York, the pound fell to $1.64235 from $1.6524.
Year-ago periods' share earnings adjusted to give retroactive effect to 5-percent stock dividends May 1986 and May 1985 and a 3-for-2 stock split in May 1986.
In the past, I usually made those.
Another Report Later that night, a reporter for The Washington Post met with the campaign's press secretary, Kevin Sweeney.
Under pressure from budget officials, bureau directors had concentrated on raising revenues by collecting more tickets; in 1970, 7 of 10 went unpaid.
But I believe you testified that you did not believe he had authority to approve that.
He has been Kirk Douglas for half a century, ever since a brief fling with the interim name of Izzy Demsky, but inside he is still Issur Danielovitch, the name his parents gave him.
July 1 to 31: ''Portraits of an Era: Photographs by Irv Kline.''
''When I became Vice President, I said I would sublimate my own passions to a certain degree and support this President, and I've taken some flak for it,'' Mr. Bush told more than 600 supporters at the Century Plaza Hotel in Los Angeles last Wednesday night.
Each mum had been sent home with the other's baby.
Easy Access to Teachers The students are enthusiastic about the thoroughness of their education, despite long days of lectures and labs followed by evenings of study.
She displayed a sense of humor, pride, a fierce independence of spirit, quick mental reflexes.
* Reliance Financial Services Corp., a New York insurance company that is a unit of Reliance Group Holdings Inc. and is controlled by the New York financier Saul P. Steinberg, is part of a group that said it had raised its stake in Pizza Inn Inc. to 6.2 percent of the common shares outstanding.
Bring to boil and cook over moderately high heat about 2 minutes or until cream has saucelike consistency.
I knew it upset him to see me cry every day, but even then I had trouble with goodbyes.
* While it might seem a dandy notion to separate plants with colors that clash by putting something white between them, like Shasta daisies or feverfew, this might even intensify the battle of color.
From 1938 to 1944 he was the editor of Territorial Magazine.
As Congress overrode President Reagan's veto and banned imports from South Africa, it exempted ''those strategic minerals for which the President has certified to the Congress that the quantities essential for the economy or defense of the United States are unavailable from reliable and secure suppliers.''
These are the kinds of reforms advocated in ''Project 1990: The Challenge of Effective Legislative Management in New York State,'' a 1985 report by the Assembly Republican Study Group.
Some experts have speculated about agreement on a compromise plan under which West Germany would not replace the aging Pershings when they became obsolete.
Listen to Bertrand tell his mother he is going to join General de Gaulle: ''It is a question of will - the will of the French to survive as a nation, the will of individual French men and women.
A.T.&T., which gained $1.50, was the most heavily traded stock on the New York Stock Exchange, with almost 10.9 million shares changing hands.
What the stars mean: (None)Poor to satisfactory *Good **Very good ***Excellent ****Extraordinary These ratings reflect the reviewer's reaction primarily to food, with ambiance and service taken into consideration.
Entering the complex, Dave is in a car turning a corner on two wheels and then doing a death-defying 180-degree turn before coming to an abrupt stop that leaves Dave flying out a passenger window.
Do not look for big names at Lyndhurst, or programming that goes MUSIC much beyond the musical tried-and-true, but by all means take the children to the evenings of Mozart and Tchaikovsky, with their most popular concertos played by two splendid young pianists, Marian Hahn (July 11) and Diana Kacso (July 18); to the mixed orchestral program including Bruch's ''Scottish Fantasy,'' with Stanley Kurtis the violin soloist (July 25), or to the fully staged production, by the New York Gilbert and Sullivan Players, of ''H.M.S.
When the Bridgeton hit the mine, Washington found itself involved in a role that seemed to many Americans to represent an inverted David and Goliath, pitting the technological sophistication and military might of the West against an intrusion of low-technology sabotage not covered by the rules of conventional warfare.
They are not trying to produce peace and prosperity all at once with flashy schemes and foolproof ideologies.
Grasping the Urgency If all sides now agree on the scope of the problem, the debate over how to deal with it has fragmented the capital into sharp disagreement over both the practical and philosophical issues involved.
Mr. Wood's tour with Bo Diddley fulfills his long-standing ambition to play with one of his original musical heroes.
The struggle has intensified further because of the huge amounts of capital it takes to compete in New York, London and Tokyo, the key international markets.
By contrast, Mr. Swann's ''Cosby Show'' experience was less certain.
On the left, zealots thirst for martyrs and shootings, the stuff of revolution.
Injured and drugged, an author is held captive by a psychotic fan.
The sooner we get on with things the better.
Has the groundwork has been laid for large companies to form subcontracting networks?
In the Dvorak, one also admired Mr. Maazel's ability to suppress his brass players in this acoustically top-heavy hall.
Most will tell you they are full; some will ask that you arrive before 1 P.M. so they can sell the room if you don't show up.
Some economists say it's time for Japan to stop its disguised protectionism, but others warn that American protectionism is rising and could cause or at least aggravate a worldwide crash, as the Smoot-Hawley Act did half a century ago.
Most of the newer ones are controlled by miniature computers known as microprocessors.
They were not pressing for tax breaks and such but to increase funds for remedial education.
The store had changed hands a dozen or so years ago.
The official poverty measurement, which is adjusted each year to reflect changes in the Consumer Price Index, omits the value of noncash benefits such as food stamps, Medicaid and housing subsidies.
In a group of related stories, called ''A Recollection,'' ''Rue de Lille,'' ''The Colonel's Child'' and ''Lena,'' a young Frenchman's act of wartime generosity - he marries a spacey Jewish actress to protect her -reverberates through the decades, ruining the life of his second wife, leaving him tied, in an age of welfare subsidies and old folks' homes, to a woman who really does seem like an outrageous leftover from Colette's world.
''The problem is there are fewer and fewer places to play,'' says Ster, ''and it is harder and harder to get a record contract.
In determining that the question should be decided by a jury, Judge Green cited information in the possession of Mr. McCloskey that he may have failed to consider in writing to Representative Jacobs and maintaining that Mr. Robertson, then a young Marine lieutenant, prevailed upon his father to use his influence as a Senator on his son's behalf.
While militant separatists continue to dominate the headlines in the Basque country, another war is being fought on a quieter front, with education as the battleground.
By sex, there are 366,616 men and 48,178 women.
One of them, the incentive stock option plan, seemed to become irrelevant in the first blush of tax reform because capital gains are going to get the same treatment as ordinary income beginning in '88.
This could not be defeated and in practice made three overtricks.
*********** During the breeding boom, many new investors lost millions of dollars looking for the next Secretariat.
''It is fundamentally wrong for the bureaucrats to say they will not allow that choice.
I asked for 28,000 yuan,'' or about $7,500.
The offensive, which was described by Mr. Giraud on Wednesday as going well for the Chadian forces, was aimed at ending a Libyan involvement in Chad that goes back to 1973, when Libya occupied a mineral-rich piece of territory in the north of the country known as the Aouzou Strip.
In addition to the HBO money, they have reportedly obtained $10 million for the live gate and the Japanese television rights.
The Senate Commerce Committee yesterday held what is called in Congressional jargon a markup, the discussion and voting out of various bills.
Mayor Koch said it was not possible to determine how much the tax exemptions and credits would cost the city.
This easier-to-read update has been expanded to 336 pages.
But if a wholesome image and shrewd craftsmanship have made Mr. Adams a popular commodity, his music also seems diluted and secondhand.
We have not detected any increase in anti-Semitism related to or as a direct result of Pollard.''
The next day, while I was piling my two young sons into the car, Mr. Randazzo suddenly appeared, pushing a paper with his phone number written on it into my pocket.
You note that if supply and demand were left to the market (thus imply-ing that the market is not now the determinant, and contradicting the implication of the first statement quoted above), ''it will take only a decade for the Saudis to become the swing producer, able to control the world price by regulating the flow from their own wells.''
A setscrew holds the clevis to the lift rod.
Through the years, Mr. Bowie has taken time away from rock to work in films (''The Man Who Fell to Earth,'' ''The Hunger,'' ''Labyrinth,'' ''Absolute Beginners'') and on the stage (''The Elephant Man,'' Bertolt Brecht's ''Baal''), choosing roles as outsiders, freaks, even monsters.
But Mr. Chafee still gives the measure only a 50-50 chance because of President Reagan's opposition to tax increases.
With Green gone from the position he held for six years, only eight general managers have served in their current jobs for more than three years and only five for more than four years.
''Second, there was the question of whether interest rates might go up again in the future.''
But were they appropriate for this particular dance?
$3 for a Ticket The disputes Mr. Simon had had with watchdogs of the cultural boycott against South Africa for recording part of ''Graceland'' in Johannesburg were pointedly offset by the presence in the stands of Zimbabwe's President, Canaan Banana, and the Prime Minister's wife, Sally Mugabe, who came onstage to receive a contribution from the musicians to charity.
Among electric utilities, the firm favors Southern California Edison and Public Service Enterprise Group.
Sure, you can make a hamburger'' using a robot, he said, but he added: ''What can you do it if suddenly it's the croissant that is moving this year?''
But then how many accounts have the picture possibilities of Sea World of Florida?
She has filled it with a magazine publishing enterprise.
Le Guern said another expedition member had seen a similar effect when a new explosion occurred during a night in December.
Next, Officer Sullivan said, Mrs. Bumpurs turned to Officer John Elter, who was trying to control her with the restraining bar.
The ultimate loser, he feels, must be the Army itself.
''What do you mean 'defacing' a public monument?''
Except for the fact that some of the speeches are addressed directly to the audience rather than to other characters, the concept is peripheral.
Mr. von Puttkamer said he would also like to move the company toward different distribution channels, perhaps opening retail stores, as Bertelsmann has done in Europe.
Sellers, vice president at Chemical Bank, which recently completed an $80 million financing for the city.
''The country cannot remain immobilized and in a state of perplexity,'' he said.
Mr. Taylor is also known as the Glopmaster, and helps dream up many of the stunts.
Those who willfully fail to account for the whereabouts of their previously owned automobiles would be subject to civil penalties of as much as $100 for each violation.
''Looking back at the game films, it was scary to see how wide we left those guys open,'' Johnson said.
Observations in this part of the spectrum should help document the formation of new stars and planets and the compositions of planetary atmospheres and should help clarify to what extent chemical reactions in space have progressed toward those characteristic of life.
Mr. Nixon's attempted interference with the Cox investigation had an unlawful end, the obstruction of justice.
Sworn Testimony Questioned According to the subcommittee, Mr. Deaver lied in sworn testimony when he was asked to detail his activities as a lobbyist.
''It debases the discussion to attack the motives'' of the Justice Department, he said.
If you want typical Spanish fare, Los Galayos, just off the Plaza Mayor, has one of the best kitchens in town.
You said your objective was to withhold information from the Congress.
Unisys was formed when the Burroughs Corporation merged with the Sperry Corporation last September.
Then they relapse and take up the fast again just before Easter.''
Mrs. Fowler, assistant to the president of National Education Center in Irvine, Calif., is also the daughter of the late Lieut.
He allowed four hits over five and one-third innings before yielding to Lefferts, who retired the two batters he faced.
Until a few years ago, Mr. Tufts played in a full-court basketball league in North Haven where his two-hand set-shot was one the deadliest in the league.
''The Amiga people probably see themselves in a similar way.''
Some figures are of soldiers, others of people like Babe Ruth, Albert Einstein and Virginia Woolf.
Regret and Relief Assembly members greeted Ms. Lipschutz's resignation, which rendered moot most of the Ethics Committee's recommendations, with a mixture of regret and relief.
By 1880, however, as textbooks were developed for other subjects, the reader became a vehicle for teaching good literature.
Deaver Trial Is Delayed Judge Jackson delayed a decision on the subpoenas and announced that he had put off the start of the trial, previously set for June 8, because of a pending defense motion.
In addition, faced with these extra educational challenges, the district had a large proportion of ''new, inexperienced or only temporarily certified'' teachers, the report said.
The 302-to-1 payoff was the largest in Freehold history.
When the new reactor, the Nine Mile Point Unit 2 near Oswego, begins commercial operation in January, consumers' electric bills will go up as far away as Long Island because of the power station's high cost.
A Great Neck, L.I., man charged with molesting boys enrolled in his computer school was ordered held on $1 million bond or $500,000 cash bail in a hearing yesterday at which his son was ordered jailed on similar charges, the authorities said.
That's why the Government should adopt a policy that would make it easier for people.
It was clear even then that we would need to transcend the immediate provocations of racism, and commit ourselves to higher goals.
He was, in fact, a key member of the Ampex team that developed the first video tape recorder in the 1950's.
The Attorney General and Charles J. Cooper, Assistant Attorney General for the Office of Legal Counsel, attended a White House meeting Nov. 20, 1986, during which Colonel North and others reviewed the former Director of Central Intelligence's proposed testimony, to be given the following day in Congress.
They were lost in a system of technological procedures, cut off from all access in a hermetic world of codes and passwords, like numerological adepts adhering strictly to their doctrines.
It is not entirely unthinkable, therefore, that the management of CBS Records, mindful of divergent interests in the upper reaches of its new corporate hierarchy, may soften its stand against DAT and thereby create a climate more hospitable to the introduction of this dramatically superior method of home recording.
People are constantly deprived of their self-awareness, of responsibility and of that most human of all senses, the sense of time.
Other private developments near Jamaica Bay are those of Sid Steinberg and Anthony Clemenza.
While such a message is regarded as self-evident in sports, it is seen as strangely wrong in economics and business.
''In real lives, in political debates, there is never a male or female.''
I want as many people as possible to see it.''
The key to Brooklyn College's success is a ''core curriculum'' that was introduced in 1981.
The man coordinating Nicaraguan cooperation with the makers of ''Walker'' is Carlos Alvarez, a Chilean-born official of the Nicaraguan Cinema Institute.
However, I think it would be extraordinarily important to have the budget resolution be a joint resolution, signed by the President and with the force of law so that it would in fact be carried out in the appropriations measures.
One verse describes a shooting.
Court papers said unidentified Martin Marietta employees created a system to keep the rebates and solicited a travel management contract with IVI Travel.
We are bound, in other words, to be skeptical of learning, too.
At the same time, the ruling has no direct impact on the 24 other homeless people who have been picked up under the program.
A dispute over the use of a jail telephone erupted into a brawl between 44 black and Hispanic inmates in a Rikers Island dormitory Wednesday night, the New York City Correction Department said yesterday.
He believes in his mission because he considers himself a patriot and is under the impression that he is working for British intelligence.
The capacity of the Hoosier Dome is 60,127.
Ziegler said there was ''no evidence that Mr. Quinn has done anything other than to do his best to make sure that the Los Angeles Kings win every game they play.''
Angered by the ruling, a hunters' group calling itself ''Protect America's Rights and Resources,'' held a protest march recently in this town.
Its price starts at $187,000.
An eight-stamp set illustrates trips made by Pope John Paul II between February, 1985 and December, 1986.
During the season just past, restrictions in these states ranged from a total ban on both possession and sale to permitting anglers to take one striper a day 33 or more inches long, and also allowing limited commercial fishery for bass of that size.
(AP) Guerrero's First Indy-Car Victory: In Phoenix, Roberto Guerrero started last and overcame a stop-and-go penalty to win the Checker 200 Indy-car race at Phoenix International Raceway.
Nationwide, the number multiplied from 10 in 1970 to more than 1,200 today, according to Ms.
Discovery of New Field But a helium-rich gas field has been discovered in southwestern Wyoming, from which the Exxon Corporation began extracting helium last year at the rate of about 800 million cubic feet per year, virtually doubling American production.
The future health of the economy is riding on whether return on investment continues to increase.
Peter Nagy (International With Monument, 111 East Seventh Street): Peter Nagy continues his romance with the products and processes of advanced technology.
The problem begins where clam processing plants are found.
''There is a plan designed and led by Bandera Roja which aims to exploit manifestations of a social nature and give them a subversive objective,'' the minister told Congress.
71 POUGHKEEPSIE, N.Y. (AP) -Miroslav Pecarski had 25 points and Rik Smits had 23 to lead Marist (12-9, 9-1) in an E.C.A.C.
''A monopoly position in a rapidly expanding market is nice to have,'' Mr. Johnston commented.
''The story in the bond market continues to be the growth in the economy and the recent stability in the dollar,'' said E. Wayne Nordberg, chairman of the investment policy committee at Cleveland-based Prescott, Ball & Turben.
At this time, too, he said, ''everybody was just yelling, 'Niggers, get the [ expletive ] out of the neighborhood.'
The Air Force has built 49 towers since the program began in 1984.
Judge Bork has long maintained that there is no constitutional right to privacy and that, even though the Connecticut law was ''nutty,'' the Court had no business creating such a right.
Columbia Records has refurbished the famous Benny Goodman 1938 Carnegie Hall Concert and is scheduling for future release some early big-band Louis Armstrong, a ''complete'' collection of Billie Holiday's work with all-star studio groups from the 30's and 40's, Charlie Christian with the Goodman Sextet, and several compilations of notable performances by small groups, big bands and singers from the 20's through the 50's.
There are 14 campgrounds, 13 major picnic areas and more than 600 miles of hiking and nature trails.
The PTL organization reported revenue of $129 million last year.
The victory was the fourth in five career starts for Grecian Flight, who earned $40,500 for Henry C. B. Lindh.
''Perestroika in hockey is going to take a long time, there's a lot that has to be done.''
shares to be issued today are unlikely to trade significantly higher than the guaranteed floor price, virtually insuring that the losses to the firms will be substantial.
Groups oppposed to South Africa's racist policies have attributed the drop-off in divestment to South Africa's clampdown on reporting of events there, which has kept images of white police officers' beating protesting blacks off American television.
and sing nostalgic songs of pre-Soviet independence.
A group of senior Democrats has been meeting periodically this fall to discuss the party's Presidential field.
''I thought someone was up shoveling snow on the roof,'' she said.
We've changed your name, trans mogrified your theme Often to sentiment or mere affec tion Gushed out in pastel tones, words saccharine.
On Friday, he told a West German reporter with a smile that the timing of a visit ''is my best-kept secret.''
The best the state can try for, they said, is to keep things from getting worse.
''He had the ability of giving hope to each suppressed black or white person,'' said Tricia Bent, a junior at Cardozo High School in Bayside.
Others felt a sense of urgency about the matter.
Thus far, more than 30,000 cases have been reported nationally, with New York accounting for 31 percent of the cases.
''If I knew the answer, it probably wouldn't happen,'' he replied.
Dan's 13-year-old brother, the narrator, is instantly torn from school and set to work, a different kind of calamity, though for him a wounding for life all the same.
LEXI-KLEPTS IN VICTOR HUGO'S ''Les Miserables,'' which is getting a big ride these days, hero Jean Valjean is pursued by the relentless Inspector Javert in effect for stealing a loaf of bread to feed a starving child.
Losing Ground in Europe Late in the day, the dollar was quoted at 1.7995 marks, below the psychologically important 1.80 level and nearly 2 pfennigs under Friday's close.
George Kuhn, a Roman Catholic priest, officiated.
''Continued imposition of current restrictions would merely reward a few powerful, vested economic interests,'' he added.
Her father was a surgeon at Mount Sinai Hospital in New York.
''We can say, as we're being urged to by some in Washington,'' he said, ''that we have stretched our minds and our wills and our resources as far as they will go .
His study of Rembrandt began in 1969 when he helped edit and translate Horst Gerson's ''Rembrandt Paintings,'' which made him familiar with the artist's life and work.
Also a good bet: meatless pasta and rice entrees, like spinach gnocchi in a tomato cream sauce ($11), farfalle with assorted fresh vegetables ($11) and risotto flavored with fresh peas or wild mushrooms ($13, dinner only).
Sumatra is a thousand-mile-long island northwest of the island of Java, where Indonesia's capital, Jakarta, is situated.
Smothered garlic shrimp, curried goat, Southern fried chicken, shrimp Creole, strawberry shortcake and bread pudding are just a few of the specialties.
Many photographers have reported that they do not feel fear or horror while they are photographing; the emotions wait to close in afterward.
''It was a fastball that got away.''
Courtesy of the Hewlett-Woodmere Public Library, the performance is free.
The use of hedging instruments and fees should reduce that somewhat.
With very different gestures in clay, aluminum and plaster, he calls attention to aspects of European art that mainstream American art after 1960 has tended to dismiss out of hand.
''Invalidation of the ordinance or its successor ordinance after this period of time, though converting the taking into a 'temporary' one, is not a sufficient remedy to meet the demands of the Just Compensation Clause.''
Then, during the 19th century, at a sale of books that had belonged to the order's library, a lucky seeker found the recipe reproduced in a manuscript.
Dr. Warren said Nelson's type of cancer tended to strike men in their 20's.
The executive, Richard R. Colino, was dismissed in December.
In a business that is often characterized by the name-calling of overemotional young people who are fueled by a win-at-any-cost mentality, Osborne has been outspoken in his belief that scoreboards are not the only measure of success.
Cardinal Obando today continued a series of homilies over recent months in which he has made emotional references to the human toll of the conflict here.
ARCO Solar has a similar facility in Camarillo, Calif. ''Once you have the thin film deposited on the glass, it's easy to build an integrated circuit out of the coating,'' said Dr.
The store gives carpet swatches.
They were all lugging cameras and television equipment.
Witnesses reported seeing the attackers escape in another car, which was found abandoned nearby.
THE roster of holiday revelries for children in the New York area features dancing snowflakes, toe-tapping toys, plucky puppets, bashful dragons and sleeping beauties.
Somewhat less diverting are the car chases and the time out necessary to explain the throwaway story.
Now he is actively being groomed to succeed his father, Roger Straus Jr., 70 years old, the president and chief executive and, since early this year, editor in chief.
A 90-by-96-inch blanket costs about $200.
In contrast to Fairfield County, that document cited poverty as one of the basic problems facing the city during the rest of the century.
Suppose one league has a dramatic change while the other league's statistics counteract it, or dilute the combined figures.
''I know there are people saying, 'Look, Reisman, we know this is you playing a game of poker,' but I think it's done, I think it's over,'' he said.
Other members said they were also disappointed that Senator Packwood, who addressed the organization Friday, had not taken a stronger stand against Judge Bork.
But 'Boheme' sells out even with no superstars.''
''It's simply a location whose time has come.''
The period also saw a renewed interest in Gothic architecture, which spurred their popularity.
No 'Courtesy Call' Mr. Cuomo said Mr. Hart had wanted to pay him a ''courtesy call,'' but the Governor said it was not necessary.
Dr. Mudd, a general practitioner from Saginaw, Mich., was here Friday with 13 relatives for a pilgrimage of sorts to Fort Jefferson, where his grandfather, Dr. Samuel Mudd, spent four years at hard labor for setting the broken leg of John Wilkes Booth, Lincoln's assassin.
Hence their dwellings are, by political definition, ''luxury apartments.''
THE SYRIAN ROSES March 14, 1986.
''You can call as many times you want.''
In many of Northwest's smaller to medium-size cities - such as Grand Rapids, Mich.; Erie, Pa.; Baton Rouge, La., and Bismarck, N.D. - it is the only big carrier offering jetliner service.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*FIRST UNITED BANCSHARES (OTC) Qtr to Sept 30 1987 1986 Net inc 2,030,000 2,000,000 Per share .95 .94 9mo net inc 5,200,000 5,500,000 Per share 2.43 2.58 View Full Article in Timesmachine »
''I see a tie between the Asian kids and the Jewish kids'' of two generations ago, says Professor Cappell, a Jew whose parents emigrated from Belgium after World War II.
Illinois (2-4-1, 1-2-1) led twice, by 7-0 and 14-7.
In the living room is an oversize teapot on a table, and in the solarium, next to a bulky wicker loveseat, are five large antique dolls with their own beds and cradles.
Plans are under way for the first major Chagall show, at Moscow's Pushkin Museum, timed for the artist's centenary in July.
The Immaculate Conception of Mary, her birth without original sin, was proclaimed as an undeniable Catholic belief by Pope Pius IX in 1854.
The Bucs' Vinny Testaverde will be aiming for a revamped Colts secondary, which has injuries.
Forty Niner returned a generous $14.20 for $2 to win as the fourth choice in a field of six and ran the six furlongs under Eddie Maple in 1:10, the fastest time by a 2-year-old in New York this year.
Back from the office, refreshed, my husband mildly suggests inviting a man with whom he plays golf.
The four-character play portrays a coquettish game of erotic hide-and-seek between a ''bride'' (Michele Elliman) and a ''bachelor'' (Terence Barrell), who assume multiple identities, including each other's, in a choreographed mating ritual of attraction and pursuit, deception and disguise.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*HUNTER ENVIRONMENTAL SERVICES Year to March 31 1987 1986 Sales 12,302,000 5,719,000 Net inc 201,000 632,000 Share earns .04 .23 View Full Article in Timesmachine »
The regimen worked and Ensign Vu was transferred from aviation maintenance officer school to basic flight training here, about 30 miles northeast of Pensacola.
Suburbanites said that machines were uncommon, though not rare, there and that they usually could be found in families where the children had grown and left home.
Toronto got a scare in the first when George Bell, the cleanup hitter who is tied for the major league lead with 43 home runs, was hit in the left cheek near his nose by a pitch from Bill Wegman.
But above all rose the merits of the Bork nomination, as ventilated in fair, exhaustive, sometimes brilliant hearings.
At St. Louis we were very impressed by the vitality of the contestants, who have to be at least 55 years old.
He pushed me several times.
Influence on Policy Varies Mr. Bauer, a 40-year old lawyer who headed a special study group on the family last year, worked in the White House Office of Policy Development before joining the Education Department in October 1982.
In another case, Elaine Amorosa and residents of Port Jefferson Station protested multiple-family houses operated by real-estate investors in violation of the town's Zoning and Accessory Apartments Law.
''Never gave it a thought,'' Willis said recently.
Bob Bassen, who contributed a goal and assist in a 3-2 victory against Toronto Saturday night, sat back on the towel-strewn locker room bench at Nassau Coliseum and tried to remember the last time the Islanders had assembled a three-game winning streak.
For the next two hours, the sense of being inside someone else's bedroom will be sustained as the audience for Terrence McNally's new play, ''Frankie and Johnny in the Clair de Lune,'' lives through the difficult, tentative beginnings of a fledgling love affair.
Mr. Powell said the hourly average wage for supported employment was $3.95, of which the employer pays 91 percent.
An account executive with Mediaworks, which makes corporate films, Ms. Rudd is going to make do with caviar, champagne, party hats and beau.
But the fighter's timetable for a championship shot was delayed when Gonzales broke a finger on his left hand late this summer while playing football.
In New York, where the initial costs for vanity numbers are $48 for a residence and $80 for a business, only a few hundred customers have bought them since they became available in December, according to Sarah Gavin, a spokeswoman for the New York Telephone Company.
The strong close forced some traders who sold short to cover their positions afterward in the cash market, which helped bolster prices there.
Her father owns Louis Rosenbach Antiques Inc. in Dallas.
One of the recipes given below is for an appetizer.
Mr. Castillo defeated three other candidates by a wide margin.
Because of his size and strength, combined with quickness, he was able to line up opposite the tight end, be in the pass coverage, and also cover for the run.
''That doesn't mean that occasionally a firm won't locate in Brooklyn, but it will never be a magnet.
The President has to be held accountable.
''What came out,'' Mr. Perry said of the council sessions then, ''was better than what went in.''
But if friends can't help, the next step might be the telephone book.
Cautious Moves Helped Many retailers, already cautious in their buying, worked out arrangements with suppliers for special purchases of goods to be sold during the holiday period at lower prices.
What are they to one another, and how do they live?
Data Were Photocopied According to the trade ministry official and the police, Mr. Shimizu photocopied the information without the knowledge of others in his company and sold it between 1984 and this past April to Y. G. Pokrovskii, a Soviet trade official in Tokyo, and Y. N. Demidov, a Tokyo representative of Aeroflot.
The 32 neglected stocks they were following declined 16.8 percent, while the 25 stocks most widely recommended by analysts in the month before the collapse fell 29.7 percent; the Dow average dropped 33 percent and the S.& P. 500 lost 31.4 percent.
Now he often has more people in the shelter than at Sunday services.
The materials are sorted and crushed, flattened or bundled at the recycling center and then sold to corporations that make new containers from the scrap.
Repeated calls yesterday to two other big poultry companies - Tyson of Springdale, Ark., and ConAgra Poultry in El Dorado, Ark.
James Beaumont incorporated them into his ''Pearls,'' one of the works offered Friday night as part of the 1987 New Dance Series of programs by young choreographers presented at the center by the David Howard Foundation.
The attack in Parliament was portrayed by many experts today as a product of such an infiltration, intended to frighten lawmakers into rejecting the agreement.
''We are still in bearish territory, but things are getting better,'' she said yesterday.
In that sense, West Germany is confident now.
''He's a bulldog on the mound,'' said Lou Piniella, the Yankee manager.
The Governor, as expected, said he would create a statewide commission with subpoena powers to investigate unethical conduct by public officials.
Most could comply through relatively minor action, such as auto pollution inspections or vapor recovery nozzles at gasoline stations.
In 1951, he became president and chief executive officer of the Kearny (N.J.) Manufacturing Company, which made chemicals for the textile industry.
The high level of indebtedness, over-reliance on foreign investment, the decline of the manufacturing sector, low rates of productivity - different analysts may assign different reasons for the lack of confidence.
He was 88 years old and lived in Douglaston, Queens.
Both the Rockwell and Martin Marietta teams received separate contracts to pursue ''system concept'' development work and to design and test on the ground ''critical subsystems'' required for such a weapon.
He manages to convey the camaraderie of the newsroom, the excitement in a reporter's mind while working on a story, the ego gratification when it is a big one, the monomania a true reporter brings to his job.
Perry has slipped to 12th nationally in that department this season but has raised his scoring average to 12.3 points a game.
Continental said that a 1983 real estate transaction should not have been recorded as a completed sale.
But a well-designed building has a certain leeway - the World Trade Center, for example, moves up to 11 inches in the wind, according to the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey.
Among the deals announced or completed since January alone are such well-known leveraged buyouts as those at Tiffany & Company, the Topps Company, Western Auto Supply and Fruit-of-the-Loom, which had tried to go public in 1986 but was rebuffed by a weak market.
''It makes me feel young.''
What kind of complex is it?
'No Reservations Whatever' Mr. Brealey, whose many cleaning projects have included, the Mantegnas in Hampton Court, ''Las Meninas'' by Velazquez in the Prado and virtually every major painting in the Metropolitan Museum, said after returning from Rome: ''I'm not an expert in fresco painting, and I have no training in it.
Brad Benson will apparently shake off a knee injury, and Joe Morris should be over a chest injury he suffered after his only run in the Eagles' game.
Duke, relying on quickness and speed off the boards, won the opening tip and picked its spots well.
Chuck Aveni, of Chuck's Hairstyling and Barber Shop on Main Street, says it's ''too crowded.''
But, Mr. Reuss said, ''I don't see that in 1988.
Even now, as one looks west from the waterfront, there is evidence of continuing blight of the city's old building stock.
This is why we increased the strategic reserve since we've been here, but we have to do more than that.
It went over 300 yards.''
The program is to include works by Alwin Nikolais and Mr. Louis, performed by both companies, and is to be followed by a Caribbean dinner at Lola Restaurant, 30 West 22d Street.
''Initially, we were going to be our own developer and real-estate agent, but we quickly realized we didn't have a handle on it,'' said Rick Owen, Loon's marketing director.
One gets the feeling that much of the argument - on op ed pages, in journalism magazines, in academic conferences - is carried on by people who don't really watch television.
In view of these extraordinary consumption levels, the German lawyers maintained that permitting foreign beers and, with what they considered dubious additives, into the Federal Republic could endanger the well-being of its inhabitants.
''If I buy something new, I get rid of something old,'' she said.
Nino Djambazian's tiny 18-karat gold figures of animals and Inuit hunters set his work apart as clearly Canadian.
''It's the same situation as when the Boston Celtics drafted Larry Bird as a junior eligible and waited a year for him.
Others defended him as having been a young man, influenced perhaps by an uncle, Henri de Man, who was a minister in the collaborationist Belgian government, trying to protect Belgian autonomy against Nazi domination.
The idea that a building should not have the quality of an abstract object was intended to make it responsive to its context.
Ms. Holtzman's complaint is still being reviewed by Robert G. M. Keating, the administative judge of New York City's Criminal Courts.
But more recently, when news of the cuts got out, he denied having ordered them and shifted the blame to Howard Stringer, president of CBS News.
AIDS is an incurable disease that cripples the immune system, leaving the victim susceptible to some infections and cancers.
Faced with a choice of backing Mr. Shultz, staying silent or piling on with the ideologues, Mr. Dole piled on.
Among other major recipients of awards from the Westchester Arts Fund are the Emelin Theater for the Performing Arts, which received $60,000.
What is so magnificent about a system that permits 12 1/2 percent of its elderly to live in poverty?
(The women also work at shows in such cities as Chicago, Miami and San Francisco.)
Shut-ins and the lonely especially are finding a way to bridge the solitude through the type of telephone service that makes such group conversations possible.
Relaxed Enforcement Attitude In theory, this means that much of the globe is off limits to Swedish arms makers, including entire regions like the Persian Gulf.
The wall cannot withstand freedom.
'' Perhaps Senator Dole puts it best.
Modern audiences - students, bourgeois, intellectuals and folks of a certain age who remember the Toone theater from its Marolles days - are too well-behaved to require reproof.
Solving the problem, however, will depend on keeping the issues clear.
Brick by brick, clapboard by clapboard, you actually (favorite ad word) glue a town together and restore it in a classic ''demo'' with ''product as hero.''
Mr. Liman then ticked off a list of the components of the Secord ''enterprise'': * It had its own airplanes in Central America.
As chairwoman of the important Assembly Majority Steering Committee, Ms. Lipschutz played a key role in her party's handling of legislation.
Deborah Lynn Quan, a financial manager in capital and sales planning for CBS, and Irving Joel Gikofsky, a weatherman for WCBS-TV and WCBS-FM, were married yesterday at St. Paul's Chapel of Columbia University.
Fire officials said it broke out at 9:30 A.M. in a two-story home and took the life of Hugh Murphy, 72.
Mr. Slabbert referred in his opening address in Dakar to an African role in a South African solution.
Brewer and Mrs. Johnson, their high-rise apartment is a dignified finish after a life of maid's work.
This slowed some of the people, but not a young woman who took the proffered literature and kept on moving.
''Back then, I didn't know what I was doing,'' he admitted.
Analysts said they expect little change in the company.
I surmise the following: despite instructions to check them daily and to water every third day, the sitter does nothing for a week or so.
The Fringe - which started as an amateur showcase in tandem with the professional Edinburgh International Festival - has even spawned a counterpart of its own this year, the ''Fringe Fringe.''
Pierre S. du Pont 4th of Delaware, unencumbered by public office or fame, can wander the state freely, running a variant of the Gephardt strategy.
My mother saves letters, photographs, Christmas cards, report cards, birth announcements and wedding invitations; and whenever a member of the family dies, she incorporates that person's collection in hers.
Around Kabul, Afghan Government troops reportedly had been rushed in to reinforce Soviet forces dug in on high ground to the west.
If only 10 percent of them came across the river -and there is the possibility of a new footbridge being built across the Thames - that would be enough to make us viable.''
A Case Study In Too Many People One hundred million people live in Bangladesh, an area about the size of Wisconsin, and one-fifth of that area is water, as two great river systems, the Ganges and Brahmaputra, converge to form the largest delta in the world.
The parties that now form Likud were warning us in virulent language that our mere attendance at an international conference at Geneva would put national security in jeopardy.
Whitt was taken to a local hospital, and X-rays revealed two cracked ribs on his left side.
Justice Marshall, in dissent, said: ''Throughout the world today there are men, women and children interned indefinitely, awaiting trials which may never come or which may be a mockery of the word, because their governments believe them to be 'dangerous.'
The Administration was willing to raise as much as $10 million in private funds and was prepared to give the money directly to the groups holding the hostages, a C.I.A.
(AP) Lendl Takes German Open: Ivan Lendl, the world's No.
''Survival of those treatments does not come without very unpredictable neurological disorders,'' with 40 percent to 60 percent of brain function usually lost.
''Things keep slipping away from us,'' said Gartner, when asked if he felt a Washington collapse might be in the works.
The insurance companies, some of which are defendants in the New Jersey action, maintain that their policies do not cover a nuclear waste disposal site in Fleming County, Ky. Another action being watched closely will begin this fall, when a trial starts in a four-year-old legal fight between the Shell Oil Company and 270 liability carriers that provided coverage between 1947 and 1983 for two hazardous waste sites in Colorado and California.
After years of frigid hostility toward Moscow, his Administration has begun to engage the Russians in a broader, more fruitful dialogue than was possible, even during the detente of the 1970's.
''It was arranged to diversify our funding sources and to free up capital,'' he said.
The first costs $75 and the second $80.
The program is one of a growing number of such experiments around the country intended to help the elderly and disabled to live comfortably in their homes instead of medical institutions.
''As a culture, the French are opposed to change,'' she says.
''There is no question about it.''
How many different men have served as manager under Steinbrenner?
In respect of the previous season, a merciful amnesty comes into effect as of the first week in September.
and I said, 'Yeah, yeah.'
Customers seeing the merchandise and services offered on cable television will be able to flip from one item to another by use of a Touch-Tone telephone.
Prudential, the industry's largest company, had $638.9 billion worth of insurance in force and $177.5 billion under management, while Metropolitan, which ranks second, had $558.6 billion of insurance in force and $100.2 billion under management.
Indeed, it was a major reason for ABC's ratings dominance during the late 1970's and is still going strong in syndication.
When you're down 27 and get it back to 5, you have to be pleased.''
Dave Krieg operates best as the Seahawks' quarterback when he has the lead.
Among the net gainers are Hong Kong, Singapore, the Philippines and Colombia.
All of this comes at a time of quickening erosion of coastal lands.
''I like shortstop more,'' he said, smiling.
Some children's deaths ''probably could have been prevented by better intervention,'' the report contended.
Imagine, if you will, the absurdity of trying to write a play (or a musical) about such a drily academic subject as a professor of phonetics trying to teach an illiterate Cockney flower girl how to speak the King's English so that she could pass as a duchess.
The exhibition runs through Sept. 30 and there'll be a reception for the participants today from 2 to 5 P.M. at the gallery, 301 Main Street.
For example, students there and at other schools learn to read and write leases, receive instructions about what to do if the heating or water systems malfunction, and take field trips to Housing Court in Manhattan and Queens, where landlords are summoned after being sued for negligence.
Evidence presented during the three-week-long trial in State Supreme Court in Kew Gardens showed that the children were stripped naked by the sect and beaten with bound branches.
Atmosphere: Cozily attractive, with two small, low-ceilinged, cellar dining areas broken into groupings through adroit use of shoji screens.
Ward began the night with a .238 batting average, 28 points below his average at the All-Star Game break.
Others cherish their anonymity because casting directors consider their voices more versatile than their looks.
* The report cited a letter dated April 18, 1985, with handwritten notations by Colonel North, naming benefactors to the contras.
Today and tomorrow, 7 P.M. to midnight; Sunday, 7 to 11 P.M. Information: (718) 347-3707.
But I'd rather use condoms than not have sex.''
The new virus, which has not been named, is a member of the retrovirus family that includes the one that causes AIDS.
They turned to Mr. Murdoch and he came up with a $65-a-share bid that was generous by any measure.
Concern for the fishing industry is at the top of the list for Oregon and Washington officials who question the plan.
But Pearl Meyer, the executive vice president of Handy Associates, a search firm that also acts as consultants on executive compensation, pointed out: ''This was a turnaround situation.
Critics are concerned that making life forms patentable will give animal and eventually human life too much in common with commodities, leading to disrespect for both.
Destroying them will cost about $2 billion.
Peru, the second-largest silver producer, mined 58.5 million ounces last year of a world total of 305.3 million ounces.
What about the 14th annual National Whistlers Convention?
Before long, she added, poultry may beat out the beef.
Hunter, 41, is a farmer in Hertford, N.C., where he was born.
Mr. Dinkins said he doubted the Mayor's figures because Federal Labor Department figures show that from 1985 to 1986 black unemployment rose by almost a point in New York City, while unemployment for whites dropped from 7.2 to 5.6 percent.
He's the only one I have who does what he does.''
They also charged that the Republicans, at least during the Reagan era, did not care much about the environment.
A18 United States military costs abroad have increased sharply because of the drop in the value of the dollar.
You should not find many loose bristles, nor should you be able to pull bristles free.
The visitor heads again for the stairway.
In interviews yesterday, both sides claimed victory in the settlement.
He said he sought Mr. Regan's assistance when it became clear that state funds were involved.
Suns 90, Jazz 80 PHOENIX (AP) - Walter Davis scored 34 points and Jeff Hornacek had 8 of his 10 points in the fourth period as Phoenix notched its 12th straight victory at home dating back to last season.
Many of the jockeys weigh about 140 pounds, and are of normal height.
It is one of his most potent pieces, and indeed, the furious first movement is said to be a portrait of Stalin himself.
Copy Protection II Just when we thought it was safe to go back into the software library, copy protection returns once again to bite us.
There were rumors, a reporter said, that Mr. Koch had been so angry that morning that he had cursed.
He falls at first glimpse.
It's action, it's camera, it's movement, and it's editing,'' that make up the finished product, he said.
''It will take a short, sharp shock to bring an end to this,'' he said.
Talk intensified at the Chicago Board of Trade yesterday that an announcement from the Agriculture Department might be imminent, possibly today, said Ted Mao, an analyst with Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc.
There are now about 3,000 people working at Ayerst, with about 400 of those in New York, and 7,300 employees at Wyeth.
The group's aim is to develop a ''national suburban model'' that would create new services or augment existing ones.
Mr. Gaffney, whose views have clashed with those of more moderate arms control officials at the State Department, kept Mr. Shultz holding on the telephone as he finished answering reporters' questions about his own departure, waving aside a harried secretary who reminded him that the Cabinet member's call was waiting.
Most of these solutions are not as likely to bleach the wood.
Jacek Kuron, another Solidarity adviser and the much-imprisoned patriarchial figure of the opposition, also praised the sanctions, saying they had ''enormous moral and political effect.''
did not say how much his firm lost.
GIANTS RELEASE MINTON Greg Minton, who had 125 saves in 13 seasons with the Giants, was released Wednesday.
''We want to give them enough so it's worth it for them to come back to the market and will really affect their diet.''
''I intend to enact something or to impose some provisions here to assure the public that they're going to be safe around these sites.''
Suddenly an electronic synthesizer and a music computer shoulder their way in and the pace quickens, the harmonies become more jagged, the rhythms harder to seize.
That, at least, is the American view, and indeed the major nations are embarked on a coordinated policy of reducing interest rates and letting the dollar slide.
Israel has reportedly been eager to take part in the American Strategic Defense Initiative research program primarily to obtain funding to help it develop an effective antimissile missile that could counter the SS-23.
The first president of the American Federation of Labor was - wait for it - J. P. Morgan.
Not that there is much reason to hurry anywhere here.
Rumors of Troubles Persist In spite of the optimism expressed by these officials, rumors persist that a number of the exchange's clearing firms are in shaky financial shape.
Valsan has 85 orders and options for the modification from such airlines as Texas Air and Electra Aviation Ltd. Mr. Wagenfeld has also met with representatives of Delta, USAir, Pan American World Airways and Federal Express.
Hopes for an Arms Sale Some Saudi diplomats, officials and industrial leaders feel that what they see as the Reagan Administration guilt about selling arms secretly to Iran has presented Saudi Arabia with an opportunity.
The plan - which would be phased in over four years, retroactive to Jan. 1 of this year - would greatly simplify the tax code, reducing from 12 to 2 the number of brackets.
He said he takes ''not too much - books and clothes.''
By staking out a nonpartisan stance today for the Democratic leadership, Senator Byrd in effect deflected the charge of partisanship back on Senator Dole.
A decade later, when the Johnson Administration tried to fight the costly war in Vietnam without raising taxes or cutting non-military spending, problems multiplied: total spending that increased sharply (by 5 percent of G.N.P.)
The winner, a daughter of Stage Door Johnny, scored by a half-length over Spruce Fir, the 2-to-1 favorite, and Videogenic was third.
He also said that the long, difficult crisis that followed Mr. Craxi's resignation had ''confirmed the seriousness of the rupture'' within the five-party coalition.
The strategy, he said, is to force Democrats to make politically unpopular moves, and gain the upper hand for 1988: ''We have to identify that there are choices to be made between the two parties.''
Beck had the lead alone until he bogeyed the last two holes.
Even with these credentials, it is possible that Mr. Cockell will not be formally nominated.
7 42 NECESSARY LOSSES, by Judith Viorst.
Should there be a County Legislature?
The outlook for finding equally good jobs is less than rosy.
Should the stock market weaken or if it appears the economy is headed for a recession or worse, he said he would sell his stocks or sell short enough stocks to offset the positions he continues to hold.
One, Gerald Nichols, is starting at nose tackle.
The only new element is the promotion of Christopher Galvin.
Tenormin (Atenolol, antihypertensive) Patent Expires: 1993 1986 Sales: 254 1984 Sales: 164 1984 Rank: 12 Company: I.C.I.
With the season opener three weeks away, Mike Krukow, Mark Davis and Kelly Downs appear assured of being the first three starters in the Giants' rotation.
Share data reflects 3-for-2 stock split paid Sept. 30.
An Haggadah is the narrative read aloud at the Passover seder.
The museums compensate, by their variety and interest, for a capital that has suffered more than most from rapid urban growth and the effects of air pollution, noise and traffic.
Dr. Caceres said Mr. McKinney wanted the information to be made public to help others deal with the AIDS crisis.
McEnroe was willing to expose himself to the new tough kid on the tour, Boris Becker, if it would help the United States stave off banishment to the nether regions of tennis.
A rise in pitch is indicated by capital letters.
The party leader, Desmond O'Malley, said the party could take as many as 16 seats, and Socialist leaders said its emergence marked a general turn to the right.
He was the subject of a CBS-TV movie last year, ''Manhunt: Search for Claude Dallas,'' which many critics said romanticized the killer.
An art teacher at Harvard assigned her students to adopt a live chicken for a day, then take it to a slaughterhouse, watch it be processed, and cook and eat it before making a sculpture from the bones.
''But in the next five years, 10 to 15 percent of Japanese subsidiaries could be headed by Americans,'' Mr. Christian said, ''up from about 6 percent now and less than 1 percent five years ago.''
It was to these developments that Mr. Sinha was alluding when he spoke of his good health as being an important factor in the presidential election.
Now, after months of frustrations for both of them, they admit to wondering, at times, if they made the right decision.
Almost too easily she gains entree into a circle of dedicated ''bohemian'' drinkers - through the acquaintances she makes in an evening at Vera's, a Village hangout.
That compares with 55 kilos in 1972, the year before methadone was introduced.
Indeed, 700 people had booked deals by Oct. 31, a full two weeks before the Sugar Bowl had even extended its unofficial invitation.
In August 1968, after both sides in the Nigerian civil war had barred the movement of relief supplies to sites where they were most needed, he declared at a news conference: ''With strong and affirmative cooperative action on the part of all concerned, a great many lives can be saved.
Jan. 2 and 3, 1 P.M. and 3 P.M. Ages: 4 and older.
What caused the change in attitude?
Insurance companies were strong across the board.
Retaliation is the course we should follow.
It's the winning and losing.
In the original production, he received fifth, not first, billing, and that billing was more or less commensurate with his part.
It attempts to be more contemporary in its fashion approach than other United States publications and more direct about such delicate issues as sex.
Whitney Houston, in ''I Wanna Dance with Somebody (Who Loves Me),'' won't risk even a dance with someone who doesn't.
The comedy boom has spurred a grass-roots movement to franchise clubs around the country in much the same way that the disco industry organized itself in the late 1970's.
Police Version Disputed But one woman who lives on the block and said she had seen the incident asserted in a telephone interview yesterday that Mr. Sanders was not armed when he was shot.
So while everybody knows that the talented Ms. Steel (do ''Top Gun,'' ''The Untouchables'' and ''Fatal Attraction'' ring a bell?)
But Collins, for one, smiled at the thought of being able to go home after an exhausting schedule.
LEO A. WEISS Alexandria, Va., Sept. 15, 1987
Negotiations are still in progress in the other three towns.
But the advance of the dense cattails is more rapid than expected, according to biologists studying the problem, and it shows evidence of altering the food chain that governs a variety of wildlife in the only tropical marsh of its kind in North America.
She added Cecil Parkinson, a former Conservative Party chairman forced to resign four years ago, who may be a potential successor.
As to any patent areas remaining underwater, the public retains a right to enter upon and use them in the same manner as if no patent had been given.''
But Jonathan Hyde, a British citizen who works at the Massachusetts tourism agency, said, ''I remember coming here when I was very young and being shown every British defeat site in the region.''
Even jail is an escape for her.
The helicopter picks you up on the front lawn and takes you to your weekend place.
''It was blue-skying,'' General Burdeshaw said.
An alternative - especially for those who have complex, ''dedicated'' connectors between flash and camera - is to bounce the flash off a nearby wall or ceiling.
''Poison'' belongs about halfway down the list.
''They do well with sophisticated men who are looking for a unique little brand,'' she explains.
But not only access to the land is a problem.
''I don't know,'' she answers.
temple, on a hill dominating a dramatic landscape.
''I grew up in New Mexico,'' he said, ''and the ballet was the furthest thing from my mind.
The Commissioner said the city should prevent the union from collecting police dues as long as Mr. Caruso ''attempts to exclude people from his union.''
They occur in the author's capturing the frosty New England air, in the smell of sauces and in the sense of humor that pervades the book.
Studies of navigation to Mars are under way at the Johnson Space Center in Houston, and engineers at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, Calif., are examining options for missions to operate remote-controlled vehicles on the Martian surface and to bring back soil samples.
Stringer Request Is Denied Mr. Stringer asked that he be allowed to bring his deputy, Mark Harrington, a CBS News vice president, to the meeting with Mr. Tisch, but his request was denied by Mr. Tisch, according to people at CBS.
''We both had this tremendous loyalty to our parents and family, whether we like it or not.
At around $1,000, camcorders are not exactly bought on a whim, but they are arousing the interest of the same sort of folks who once invested in 8-millimeter movies.
''There's an old Irish saying, 'Up to me, but no higher than me,' '' said Thomas Brown, professor of history professor at the University of Massachusetts at Boston.
At the age of 18, young people were given the option of remaining in the community or going out into what Shakers call ''the World.''
Mr. Gilbert said another vote was scheduled for July 15.
Joseph Kobus of the State Police, said there was no set policy but added that all troopers had gone through seminars last year where they were advised how to protect themselves when in contact with suspected AIDS victims.
The real cause of the gap between us was more subtle, however: we both knew we were terribly different, though many years would pass before that awareness was consciously formulated in me.
Walter Payton, the Bears' outstanding running back, was held to 38 yards on 14 carries.
Boehlert (R) Y Y 26.
''Useless garbage,'' concluded Jack A. Barbanel, the firm's director of futures trading.
Finally, we bumped into George, and the minute we met, it was love.''
It is not that I have no stronger moral feelings about sexuality than about swimming, because I do.
The scores were 9-3, 7-9, 9-1, 9-0.
I learned a few things about bread along the way, but more unexpected was how much I learned about Italians and what kinds of people they are.
Rutgers' 34-point loss to George Washington was its largest margin of defeat in a game at the Louis Brown Athletic Center since the center opened in 1977.
Even so, Colonel Hook feared he had made ''a very grave mistake'' in returning to England.
In the National Film Theater, there will be late movies by Chaplin, Bergman, Hitchcock, Bunuel and others.
After a long trial of 10 employees and officers of three companies on charges including racketeering, fraud and theft, including theft from the Government, a jury has convicted seven employees of obstruction of justice.
John Gets the Grounders Tommy John, the Yankee starter, seemed to move along routinely, his sinker producing groundouts and keeping him out of major problems.
''McMorrow, you're a lousy yard-keeper.
If the bulge is pronounced and you have moderate do-it-yourself skills, use a hand-held belt sander (these can be rented) instead of hand sanding.
Bizarre and colorful details abound.
Celebrating its 20th-anniversary season, however, the overall theme is ''Remembering Poets and Peacemakers,'' including Langston Hughes, the Rev.
''It was placed so well, mixed so well, and the court played fast.
Yves Volel was shot to death in front of the police headquarters as he delivered a speech demanding the release of a prisoner, witnesses and diplomats said.
Gillette is expected to fight tenaciously, and Wall Street experts said it might turn to Ralston Purina as a possible friendly suitor if a hostile takeover develops.
A husband-and-wife team of stunt fliers is trying to land at a fogged-in town in Maine - visibility negative.
Under the terms of legislation passed by Congress in 1976 countries that do not have nuclear weapons, but that import material to develop bombs and refuse to put their nuclear installations under international safeguards, are not entitled to American assistance.
This is especially true in the Northeast where seltzer has been a part of the culture for generations, since the days you could order a 2-cents-plain at the corner store.
Pozzo's: 6-inch pie, $6; 10-inch pie, $16.
Audience members are encouraged to take their own instruments and join in the music making, which begins at 2 P.M. Information: 675-8189.
Senator Daniel K. Inouye, the Hawaii Democrat who is chairman of the committee, said he expected the court to decide the matter within a month.
''Besides, I don't talk to pitchers.''
''But this team this year went through a lot,'' he said.
I add, ''I like you just the way you are.''
Think of Mr. Raimi, the director and co-writer, as a demented Moe, masterminding the scenario that turns a severed head and a chopped-off hand into slapstick props.
That may well be, but it is nonetheless awe-inspiring to see the quantities of fish auctioned off at the Aberdeen market in one morning, and to realize that more than 100,000 tonnes (a metric tonne is slightly more than a ton) of haddock are landed in Britain in a typical year, a large proportion of them taken from the waters off Scotland.
''People are putting Rolling Stone down for selling out,'' he said.
Mr. Hoffa, whose sentence was commuted in 1971 by President Nixon, was attempting a comback in the teamsters' union when he disappeared in 1975.
But even when a submarine is forced to travel comparatively rapidly, the captain tries to keep cavitation and other noises to a minimum.
The evening will feature readings from ''Darlinghissima: Letters to a Friend,'' a collection of letters written to Natalia Murray by Miss Flanner from 1940 until her death in 1978.
The four men pictured have frequently criticized the department as insensitive to blacks and other minority group members.
But he acceded to a brief interview.
Barcelona is celebrated as the city of Antonio Gaudi, the architect of profoundly fantastic structures, but the most startling thing about a visit is to discover that while Gaudi was the greatest architect of modern Barcelona (he died in 1926) he was by no means alone.
The beach itself is, of course, Rehoboth's main attraction.
On the shaded deck, as if in a store window, shoes were everywhere.
The appeal seemed likely to reignite controversy between Israel and American Jewish organizations, who have refused to support moves to deny refugee status to Soviet Jews.
Rising interest rates in West Germany and Japan, plus renewed weakness of the dollar, are key reasons why American interest rates have been rising.
Don Hewitt became a bona fide power broker at CBS, gaining the ear of top company executives, and he didn't always hesitate to offer his opinions on matters not directly related to ''60 Minutes.''
''It's the American dream gone bad.
The most influential leader of the Nicaraguan rebel alliance, Adolfo Calero, resigned today in a power struggle that threatens the future of the Washington-backed anti-Sandinista forces.
He was one of seven children in a poor, if not impoverished family, who in many ways scaled the ultimate peak of an immigrant's American dream.
After yielding a run-scoring single to Mike Marshall in the fourth, Scott retired the next 12 batters.
If he can go, his mission this time, he said, will be to persuade Mr. Vesco to agree to be interviewed for the CBS television show ''60 Minutes.''
''And when you get a drug habit, it's a bad issue.
Revenues were up 23.6 percent, to $14.65 billion, from $11.85 billion.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*AMERICAN CITY BUSINESS JOURALS (OTC) Qtr to Sept 30 1987 1986 Revenue 18,044,000 6,134,000 Net loss 3,923,000 1,325,000 9mo rev 52,599,000 16,750,000 Net loss 12,057,000 4,449,000 View Full Article in Timesmachine »
In particular, Ms. Hunter studied Susan Zirinsky, a senior CBS producer, sitting with her during her long workday.
Most telephone systems abroad are run by Government agencies that strongly favor domestic suppliers.
Married for 17 years, he and his wife, Betsy, a biology teacher at Nassau County Community College, have three children, Thomas, 12, Christopher, 9, and Elizabeth, 7.
To the Editor: As a fellow retired lawyer, I agree with Walter Hewitt, that the ''inviolability'' of contractual rights should not be the overriding test in surrogate-mother custody (letter, Feb. 3).
Merrill Lynch did not have a direct relationship with these companies, the S.E.C.
Experts do not consider it likely that the earthquake significantly released strain that is thought to have accumulated along the San Andreas Fault.
The film and book were produced by Oralee Wachter, the author of ''No More Secrets for Me,'' perhaps the best known and most widely distributed book for children about child abuse.
I strolled around the Boston Common remembering other times.
He was the best teacher I ever had and the only black teacher.
The restoration of the lighthouse was accomplished with funds raised among those who love the lighthouse, and it is fair to assume that the local naturists, who are well represented among the group, would not endorse Mr. Herman's proposal.
They said the labor was expensive, rude and poorly supervised - charges that United denies.
It is an argument that deserves a hearing.
He then had the official driven handcuffed through his hometown.
Was the Iran Initiative Based on Adequate and Effectively Used Intelligence?
It is directed by Joyce Chopra, with a screenplay by Tom Cole - the same team that made the critically successful ''Smooth Talk.''
''Well, we wouldn't part with it for the world,'' Mrs. Todes said, adding that her husband collects curios at the flea market every Sunday that it's open.
It is not typical of Soviet police forces.
I can understand why people can't reconcile those two images.''
''I am certain that Japanese participation in this area of the Mexican economy will grow gradually over the next year or two.''
For two weeks each year, I went, with my parents, to one of the hotels.
''When marital partners use shaming as a weapon, their fights escalate dramatically,'' Dr. Scheff said.
He said, ''The meeting went longer than was expected, because I got the impression that that dialogue is desired on the part of this Administration.''
Complicating the issue is the difficulty of defining combat in modern warfare, where there is likely to be no front line and where civilians and military people serving in rear areas are likely to be in nearly the same danger as those in the battle itself.
The Comptroller is the custodian of the pension system.
Both Shannon and Miss Jelkes are shadowed by their personal demons.
''To say anything about politics, I have to say something about myself,'' he said.
A9 U.S. Jewish groups praised the Cardinal's decision to meet with President Herzog.
The paintings are accompanied by a great abundance of first-rate drawings which keep telling us what the artist looked at, what he thought about and, most important, how he saw the world.
Under Jimmy Bohr's uninhibited direction, their moves are frank yet delicate; there's purity in their prurience.
More and more Germans, albeit still a minority, are urging their leaders to worry less about inflation and more about economic growth.
Included in the plan was the recycling of an 1890 trolley barn on the far side of the railroad tracks into a 75,000-square-foot shopping mall with a glass atrium in the center.
''We expect over 100,000 passengers in February and then more growth in March,'' said Bruce R. Nobles, president of the Pan Am Shuttle, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Pan Am Corporation.
That was some 10 years ago.
''Would you have said yes if Ray got angrier with you?''
They found that little had changed.
(In a hundred years, some ''myth-exploding'' academic will doubtless publish a book proving that Porter's music was known only to a circle of initiates in uptown Manhattan.)
Mr. Humbert called Bush headquarters and asked for Michael O'Callaghan.
The longer these still lifes are contemplated, the greater the number of associations they arouse - could Murch's greenish light bulb be the ancestor of Jasper Johns's in black and white?
Simply Majestic, carrying 112 pounds, paid $21.60 for $2 to win.
Syrian soldiers are deployed in a former Druse militia barracks only about 500 yards from the abandoned British Embassy.
Elements of the Program The program would accelerate public works projects, increase outlays for housing and allocate aid for regions hurt by the strong yen.
One resident told of being battered about by a large wave as he drove behind the sea wall.
''Many of them might think the idea of a Bobby Seale cookbook is ludicrous, and they aren't going to want to help him get rich,'' said Mr. Flacks.
The law would apply to contracts for goods and services exceeding $10,000 and capital-project contracts exceeding $15,000.
The measures would allow each side to maintain a constant presence outside the other's production and storage plants for medium-range missiles.
For some companies, the shift will be a sea change.
''Since the Rangers traded three players for one, the fans probably felt the one should do miracles.
''Between the realistic prospects of the peace plan and its publicity value, the President and his close advisers have unfortunately chosen the latter,'' said an editorial in today's issue of La Nacion.
Markets Stock prices set a record, but just barely.
In food terms, we might be willing to give up our burgers and fries if we can have something as appealing, like a tuna fish sandwich.
He adds that the minutes of the Land Office Commission's meeting of Nov. 21, 1888, during which the Ropes patent was issued, state that the grant was for beneficial use.
Can homeowners do a satisfactory job doing this themselves?
Officials of the group reacted coolly, saying that they doubted the plan could be put into effect soon and that it was an unnecessary restriction on small planes.
Robbers, just as murderous as these apparitions and even bolder, can rarely be escaped without supernatural aid.
No wonder she was surprised by the 1971 meetings that resulted in the formation of the National Women's Political Caucus: ''I had never been around so many strong women shouting at each other, but I had never been around a revolution before.''
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*PRUDENTIAL BANCORP (OTC) Qtr to March 31 1987 1986 Net inc 657,204 483,774 Per share .70 .52 View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Not Worried About Trajectory Mr. Cooper is one of three deputies - the others are Leslye Arsht and Dan Howard - who serve under Marlin Fitzwater, President Reagan's spokesman.
One of my best friends is Chris Kennedy, son of Ethel and the late Robert F. Kennedy.
I don't want a further decline.''
Other contenders were given inconvenient 15-minute slots, with Mr. Dole making his remarks on Sunday morning ''at a time when everybody ought to be in church,'' he said.
He can also whistle fantastically, as he showed in one ad lib refrain.
In the simplified world of cellular automata, space is represented by the grid of cells.
She oversaw the inlaying of the terrazzo floors, the placement of the marble fireplaces and the brass doorknobs.
It costs less to put two television journalists in chairs than it does to send camera crews all over.
''My theory is that if you can discourage someone from going into this business, they shouldn't be in it anyway.
Altogether, 13 officers were indicted after the investigation last year.
Clarke-Hall also deals in reselling review copies of books, in modern first editions from the 19th century to the 1960's, and in 19th- and 20th-century illustrated books.
When the rare 19-foot cactus disappeared recently, after serving for decades as a living monument in the town of Quartzite, the sleuths at the state's Commission of Agriculture and Horticulture figured that it would most likely be sold in Palm Springs, Calif., or Las Vegas - where the money was.
Iowans Defend Themselves Sensitive to complaints that the television networks are growing bored with having their correspondents report from pigpens, Iowans defend their state.
The children bend, jump, dance around.
''In most countries, a big truck must drive in the slow lane.
Mr. Imberman says that companies, especially those in manufacturing, believe they have public support during a strike because of hardships resulting from foreign competition.
Mr. Ward, who drew strong criticism when he made the remark last week to the woman at a community meeting in Forest Hills, told reporters at Police Headquarters: ''I apologize to the women, and I agree that my statement was insensitive.''
''We have become part of India's ethnic problem,'' Tilak Ratnakara, the Government spokesman, said in an interview today.
In the Turf, Theatrical took the lead from Sir Harry Lewis turning for home, but Trempolino closed in as if he would win easily.
Rasmussen, 8-4 this season, is tied with Tommy John for the second-most victories on the Yankee staff.
''Actually, the supply calendar would not be burdensome, except that dealers and investment managers with profits on their books don't want to add to their portfolios before the year ends, while those with red ink are only interested in reducing their inventories before Dec. 31 in order to limit their losses.''
Linked to North Mr. Miller resigned after testimony in the hearings on the Iran-contra affair identified him as having helped transfer cash from Lieut.
But these days it is cold and windswept out there.
To reward the bringer of such an agreeable ''holy'' text, therefore, the grateful natives decide that Jacques, rather than becoming their dinner, should become their king.
c-After losses from discontinued operations of $461,000 for the quarter and $426,000 for the 6 months.
Streetwall continuity is no panacea to every condition.
Federated's campaign is designed ''to avoid overconcentration on price by pushing the fun and excitement of owning good electronics products,'' said Wilfred Schwartz, chairman and chief executive of the 65-store chain.
The large, undeveloped parcel near downtown Nantucket had been protected by Wannacomet.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*HADRON INC (OTC) Qtr to Sept 30 1987 1986 Revenue 6,666,464 5,946,294 Net inc 332,358 308,182 Share earns .02 .02 6mo rev 13,448,054 11,241,716 Net inc 716,394 558,041 Share earns .05 .04 View Full Article in Timesmachine »
''We couldn't get the car out of the ditch, and we didn't have any money to get back to London.
Consider, as the Pope did, the positive example of the Philippines.
A United Airlines spokesman, Kay Lund, said in a telephone interview from Chicago: ''It was one or two miles out when some object, believed to be a bullet, pierced the underside of the aircraft.''
''The next President is going to have to be more involved in foreign policy and is going to have to have men and women who have the ability to say no to a bad idea, like selling arms for hostages,'' Mr. Kemp said in an interview.
And now that tissue culture has been perfected for their reproduction, there is little to hold them back.
But if he passes the ball to himself inbounds without another touch, it's a violation and his team loses possession of the ball.
Mr. Johnson, whose record included two drug convictions, said he and the three others convicted in the Granado slaying drove to Beaumont on April 8, 1982, to buy some drugs, but that he was so ill he could barely walk.
The goal is to shift resources from public and private consumption, not into unemployment and nonuse but into investment and net exports.
A detective who was an instructor at the city's Police Academy was suspended without pay yesterday on charges of making disparaging remarks about blacks and Puerto Ricans to a class of civilian clerical workers last year, the police said.
While Mr. Wagner and the Board of Education tackle a number of issues, ranging from principals to improving the physical condition of school buildings, the new school year is expected to be dominated by the search for a Chancellor to replace the outgoing Nathan Quinones.
Jazz (44-38) Scoring leader: Karl Malone (21.7); rebounding leader: Malone (10.4); assists leader: John Stockton (8.2).
Moreover, many factors are now conspiring to make the problem worse than ever.
He is a software engineer at United Technologies Norden Systems Inc. in Melville, L.I.
The museum must still gain approval from the City Department of Buildings, although that agency's decision is based strictly on the design's adherence to building codes, and would not involve public hearings or further debate on its architectural merits.
The CBS News Poll, conducted immediately after the speech, found that the address substantially improved Mr. Reagan's standing with the public, but had not allayed doubts about his handling of the Iran affair or his capacity to govern through the remaining two years of his term.
It may be momentarily disconcerting, in that the functioning spaces are mostly both small and shallow.
The Chicago Board of Trade said yesterday that in its first Sunday night session 10,658 contracts were traded in Treasury bond futures, Treasury note futures and their options and in the newly added silver and gold futures contracts.
Pope's daughter, Theodate, helped design the house and in 1916 became the first licensed female architect in the country.
What visitors find is a wildlife refuge with a homey, almost personal touch, not some weed-filled bog administered by a distant government bureaucrat.
Their discontent began with the admission of women in 1969, and grew until, in 1972, several of them established the Concerned Alumni of Princeton.
And inviting environments attract tenants and shoppers.
He had a fifth 20-victory season in 1977, the year the Mets traded him to the Reds June 15.
Mr. Herling could not be reached for comment.
There are also car horns to contend with, as well as airplanes, sweltering temperatures and picnickers who've perhaps drunk a little too much sparkling wine.
In addition, many of the cooperative farms established by the 1980 program are failing.
Jay A. Pritzker dropped his bid for Pan Am after the pilots union refused to go along with the $800 million in concessions he needed from a coalition of five unions.
Ruth Krawitz, the district's Superintendent of Schools, said that the district had set up its own cooperative effort, Town Hall-type meetings for teachers and Board of Education members to discuss how to use such surpluses.
The marriage of Amy Weinfeld Schulman, a student at the Yale University Law School, to David Nachman, an associate in the New York law firm of Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison, took place yesterday at the Water Club in New York.
Leftists call for a return to something like the Allende era, which, for all the strife, brought hope to people traditionally on the bottom.
But responses about his future role in the country were ambiguous, and when, after three hours, a reporter said it was still not clear whether he intended to hand over power, he replied, ''Time will tell.''
''I never thought it got hopeless until it got to be 28-3,'' said Dwight Clark, the 49ers' wide receiver.
I remember my friends swirling in their crinolined dresses, how they looked in the light of the candles Mother set out, how they swayed to the sound of WINS on the first portable battery-operated radio in the neighborhood.
He also told Administration officials to do all that they could to soften the nominee's image.
The blood test for AIDS infection detects the presence of AIDS virus antibodies, substances the body produces in reponse to invasion by the virus.
On the subcontinent, India leads Pakistan in the race to obtain powerful missiles.
The developers have even been able to raise the prices on the final phases of the project.
Officials in Rock and Milwaukee Counties and the City of Madison also argue principle in collecting the half-century-old debts.
Fielding was the top White House lawyer and arbiter of appropriate conduct under the Ethics in Government Act.
Instead, he will be in the Vermont America pit crew working on Johnny Rutherford's car.
But after two and a half years on the job, she has decided that the administrative responsibilities take too much time away from what she really likes best, investing.
While hazardous-waste reduction saves money through improved plant efficiencies and reduced waste handling costs, high temperature incineration of wastes can cost from 15 to 150 times more than land treatment of solid and highly toxic liquid wastes.
Jefferson, with a badly swollen left ankle, was put on the 21-day disabled list.
Mr. Jimenez Rivera was charged with getting the can of Sterno for Mr. Escudero Aponte.
The year's repeal of the Fuel Use Act, which had been resisted to the last by the coal lobby, will help considerably, people in the gas business say.
The decline was led by weakness in automobile sales, which fell 1.4 percent in September after a 5.7 percent increase in August.
Only in this way will Congress, regulators and the public be able to judge how well arbitrators are doing the job of antitrust enforcement.
But with Representative Jack F. Kemp, former Gov.
None of this prepares my insular compatriots for the return.
After five years of wrangling, the case is now pending before three separate courts, including a military appeals court that is now considering whether to free him.
The accord also provides for a limited number of on-site inspections when any nation has doubts about compliance.
In New Jersey, an electrical fire that destroyed a single-family home and a two-alarm blaze in an apartment building killed six residents, including three children.
They include Vanity, the recording star, Morgan Fairchild, John Beck, Joe Cortese and Michael Wilding Jr.
I N 1952, WHEN I WAS A 19-year-old student from the provinces, I found myself thrust into Moscow's ''high society.''
In Joe Orton's ''Loot,'' for example, in which Mr. Keating played the role of McLeavy, the widower of a murder victim, he was totally oblivious to his surroundings both on the stage and off.
b-Includes a $41.7 million refund of investment tax credit carryforwards, a $14.7 million credit realted to a favorable U.S. tax court ruling and $9.1 million extraordinary gain for the retirement of debt.
He said there had been no communication between the Foreign Ministry and the guerrillas who reported the boat's seizure.
The suit is a central strand in a web of cases involving Shell, the Federal Government, Colorado and companies that have issued insurance policies to the oil company since the early 1950's.
But with the resumption of growth here in 1985, the Government slowed the program.
I don't think that we should spend a lot of time talking to Fidel Castro as long as he has troops in Angola, as long as he has troops in Nicaragua and as long as he has not been one who we can really deal with and make some progress.
Looking at draft prospects, I really enjoy that.
''Where did they find him?''
A 30-inch thick wall built around the center of the dump in 1983 reduced that seepage to 2,500 gallons a day.
They are so passionate about the destructiveness of gentrification that they named one of their pizzas after Orchidia, an Italian-Ukrainian restaurant in the East Village that was displaced by a Steve's ice-cream shop.
The seven members of the commission assess the policies and programs of the United States Information Agency, the branch of Government that explains America's values and institutions to the world.
Thomas slapped Green in the face twice after a collision while running through a pick.
''I don't think of myself individually,'' he said.
Saying that ''important questions about a $1 billion dollar project remain unanswered,'' Gary Rosenberg, a partner in the law firm Rosenberg & Estes, called the project ''unique because the public knows nothing.''
''Secondly, they interviewed 2,400 people at different gambling places in the state, which showed a much higher rate of compulsive gambling than the telephone surveys, but which were not included in the report released by the state.''
NEXT: How colleges and universities set their rates.
Morris, from Southern Methodist, was drafted last April on the second round.
Dirt had reached the Open quarterfinals last year - the finest performance of his career - and he said he was looking forward to the challenge of facing Becker in a first-round showdown.
The sauce on the mussels was of dunking quality, but the mussels were small and a few were sandy.
In 1959, he joined the province's Liberal Party and held a series of ministerial posts in the Quebec government.
c-Includes provisions for losses on loans and real estate of $412,000 and $1.7 million for the quarter and year, respectively; and the year also includes a charge of $442,000 due to the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principles.
Finally, Mr. Santucci has explored the possibility of turning the case over to Federal prosecutors as a civil rights matter.
c-Net loss and after a charge of $2.1 billion for pension costs and writedowns of fixed assets for both the quarter and 9 months, and the 9-month includes a $535 million charge for idling of portions of factories and some writedowns.
13 1 SEASONS OF THE HEART, by Cynthia Freeman.
But never - and this has been, I'm afraid, misportrayed too many - we were not doing business with Khomeini's Government.
Service Termed 'Disgraceful' The popularity of the legislation is such that even the most conservative supporters of President Reagan's policy of fiscal restraint parted company with him on the measures.
The Administration also presses an unworthy constitutional attack against the manner of appointing special prosecutors.
It is an occasion to inform - I like that word better than educate, nobody likes to be educated - to remind people.
For the last 13 years, Father James Harvey has worked with troubled youth, training and finding them jobs in florist shops - he placed 550 youths last year.
''They had threatened a couple times to send me back to Triple A and I didn't feel I had anything to prove in Triple A. I had a sense that I wasn't getting a fair shake like the other pitchers.
Judging from my experience, we're going to see a resurgence of small creative agencies in the next few years.''
''The appropriate response is public rebuttal and not censorship.''
She has two strands of white beads around her neck, a gold bracelet on each wrist, and she carries a no-nonsense beige bag.
Still, ''The Bonfire of the Vanities'' is an impressive performance.
Late Tuesday the Emery Air Freight Corporation had announced its bid, which was valued at $40 a share in cash and subordinated debt, or about $306 million.
''That way they may be able to stay in their own communities and look for a new apartment, instead of being transplanted into a midtown hotel, where they don't have any ties nearby.''
because of rules violations over the past several years.
Opening night is Oct. 13; the cast has already been rehearsed for months and comes fresh from runs in Zurich and Los Angeles.
Finally, there is the problem of editorial independence.
The literature accompanying them says that they will turn back most wild animals at distances up to a quarter of a mile, but that they will not be heard by the driver or any pets within the vehicle.
The clinic would be stocked with medicines at American expense.
''I was fascinated by this woman who committed her life to the dream of going to Egypt.
The setting is a picturesque Czechoslovak village that could have been ordered from a catalogue.
Her annual rent in Far Rockaway is $4,573.80, of which welfare already pays all but $1,332.
They were her sketch of a girl making a donation and a check for $3.
Mr. Giordano's band concentrated on Benny Goodman's recordings of the late 1920's when he was a sideman with Ben Pollack, Red Nichols and various recording-studio groups.
''When Walter Shorenstein asks, they not only listen: they respond.''
He has also failed in two attempts to take over the organization.
Claudio Villa, the Little King of Italian song, died late Saturday in a hospital where he had heart surgery last month.
Dravecky (10-10) allowed three singles and Gerald Young's first major-league home run with two out in the sixth inning.
Gold rose $4.85, to $484.60 an ounce, in New York.
It is an adventure in 75 minutes.
''It's all politics,'' said Jose Garcia, a waiter.
Rate Drop Is Impetus The impetus for bonds was the drop in interest rates from levels of the last several years.
Japanese companies that make such power tools are Makita, Ryobi and Hitachi.
While disputes swirl around the television series ''Amerika,'' in which he stars, the actor Kris Kristofferson will weather the storm in an unlikely place - the Soviet Union.
And that started a run of 10 straight points by Edwards and a 24-10 Suns charge that dropped the Knicks to their largest deficit of the evening, 84-68, with just over two minutes left in the period.
Near the gymnasium at the Stadacona military base, the dockside installation that prepared some of the largest Atlantic convoys of World War II, military guards with three-foot clubs maintained tight security.
In January, Italy approved a two-to three-year project, to cost $25 million to $30 million, to halt the glacial tilt of the 800-year-old tower.
So immediately Esty, which was down to about $150 million in billings, has rebounded to $270 million, and has its first out-of-town office.
Commissioner Richard Koehler proposes authorizing correction officers to release and supervise selected jailed defendants awaiting trial.
''If it is a reliable report, it will certainly be helpful to us in our continuing work of improving the operations of our courts.''
Richard W. Carlson, Voice director, said the Soviet programs were particularly popular among people who understand the English-language programs, which are rarely jammed.
One admires their enterprise but cannot at the same time help questioning the basic premise of Marimolin.
The handkerchiefs - they are small squares with a red baseball inscribed on them and the slogan ''Twins 1987'' above the baseball and ''Championship Drive -Official Star Tribune Homer Hanky'' below it.
''It's fine as long as we don't sit down.
The device weighs 126 pounds.
At the invitation of the Supreme Soviet, the Soviet national legislature, the House of Representatives is dispatching a 20-legislator delegation for a visit next month.
''And this is my prayer, that the fighting will stop and that we will be united.''
The 1983 consists of 80 percent cabernet sauvignon, 13 percent cabernet franc and 7 percent merlot.
The deal offers two strategic benefits for MCI, which handles some international voice traffic but derives most of its international business from its 1982 acquisition of Western Union International Inc., a major telex concern.
''In a world where that's going on, where kids die of starvation, I can't, with equanimity, preen as a 'Father of the Year' and shrug it off with a smile,'' Mr. Davis said.
THE state's supply of affordable housing, already short, could get even shorter if the owners off thousands of low-and moderate-income apartments decide over the next several years to remove them from the subsidized stock.
''They remind me of me,'' Ray Mejias, a ticket taker, said.
Fishing, rather than tourism, is a major occupation.
Ten centuries of English history seen through the experiences of five families.
Thousands of people flowed past about 400 tables where small companies and individuals offered an astounding range of products at bargain prices.
Other officials, however, said Cairo had been angered by the piecemeal way the moderate Gulf states had handled the restoration of formal relations, and would have preferred the greater diplomatic impact of a collective announcement from the Gulf Cooperation Council.
More than a year and a half ago, the governing board of the Smithsonian Institution divided sharply over whether to continue owning stock in companies that do business in South Africa.
He is a strongly built, dynamic man who does not show visibly the effects of 21 years in and out of labor camps after being denounced in the anti-rightist campaign.
The closed, upright, irregular mass seems fixed, almost stuck to the floor, but it also seems to turn in different directions and climb through space.
For example, there is Doris Duke, nicknamed in the twenties as ''The Richest Girl in the World'' and known locally as the benefactor of the ornamental Duke Gardens in Somerville.
A day earlier, the Office of Government Ethics said that Mr. Meese had not met the ''specific requirements'' of the Ethics in Government Act for blind trust arrangements in his financial partnership with the consultant, W. Franklin Chinn.
In marketing of software, in fact, imitation is not only a form of flattery, it is a form of survival.
She's pushed to the wall.
Her third husband, from 1943 to 1955, was Gilbert Colvile, a wealthy and reclusive rancher who owned vast tracts in Kenya's Rift Valley.
It was originally a smugglers' retreat.
The 45-page fraud indictment charged Paradyne and eight executives with conspiracy, bribery, false statements, perjury and obstruction of justice.
Mr. Perales also said that private agencies in Suffolk and Delaware Counties and in Albany had offered the city dozens of foster homes, but city officials have not told them when or how many babies are eligible.
We're better downwind and maybe better upwind.''
If ajuga is provided with good soil conditions and proper drainage, it should fan out naturally, although ajuga may take a few years to cover a lawn area.
Instead, the financially pressed school will raise money by selling or leasing an off-campus residence hall.
His attempt to run for mayor in 1973 touched off a series of investigations and revelations, and it was disclosed - after he had denied it - that he had invoked the Fifth Amendment 16 times in a Federal investigation of immigration bills and his personal finances.
Mr. Zippity Do Dah, who paid $13.20 as the third choice in a field of nine, has yet to race beyond six furlongs but Wismer will try stretching him out.
Visitors on a budget will get good value at the Greenbrier Apartment Hotel (1393 Robson Street; 604-683-4558), which lacks decor but has a location as good as O'Doul's.
The pool isn't large enough to do laps in, but a lazy swimmer can manage a few strokes.
''I guess they still do.''
He has tested positive for the virus and suffered such AIDS-related maladies as shingles, fungus infections and respiratory troubles.
This nation's oldest chamber-music festival (58 years) is given by several string quartets, the Manhattan String Quartet being in residence, with major assisting artists.
He fought the decision, and was finally published on the condition that he at least change the ''strange'' particles to ''new, unstable'' particles.
Cowboys Hold Football The Giants' offense was so generous that the Cowboys had possession for 41 minutes 42 seconds to the Giants' 18:18.
We were working on it and I never told the N.C.A.A.
''Phil has not had the role and is somewhat of an unknown,'' Mr. Simmons said.
Unlike David A. Stockman, the former budget director who went to Salomon Brothers Inc. two years ago, Mr. Darman said he had no plans to write a book about his experiences in the Administration, at least while Mr. Reagan is still in the White House.
OFFICIALS of this Union County city, where industrial and commercial properties take up 50 percent of the developed land, would like to see the municipally owned, 188-acre airport put to better use.
''I thought I would be compared with Merman, but I didn't strive to imitate her,'' Ms. LuPone said.
The continuing speculation that Mr. Nunn may run has been especially harmful to Mr. Gore, who is trying to build a base as the South's only candidate.
Implicit in Dr. Saunders's advice is the recognition that children learn far more from what we do than from what we say.
This makes as much sense as buying one thing for a quarter and 2 for 75 cents.
For another, the Saturday concert will be collaborative: each quartet will play one work individually, and then the two will merge to perform the Mendelssohn Octet in E-flat.
Her father, former president of the White Rose Food Corporation and former chairman of Associated Food Stores, is president of the Decorative Novelty Company in New York.
Actually, it is, as a subtitle indicates, ''one man's journey'' through that history.
One wishes there were a little less shoulder in Bart Cook's solo.
Soviet Gives Arms Terms Soviet negotiators said American warheads for West German short-range missiles must be scrapped in a pact on arms in Europe.
The King, however, may meet with resistance from the Palestine Liberation Organization chairman, Yasir Arafat, and the Syrian President, Hafez al-Assad, who have their own concepts of how an international peace conference should be organized.
But you also can't stop looking at or listening to these things (at least for a while), and thus is triggered the attraction-repulsion effect that Miss Rankin seems to have in mind.
''So you'd be crazy not to use them,'' she says.
But construction of multifamily units fell by 5.5 percent, to an annual rate of 551,000 units.
''Weakness causes war, not strength,'' he asserted.
Mr. Smith was referring to a severe setback that moderates and conservatives suffered last month when fundamentalists gained control of the state's Southeastern Baptist Theological Seminary at Wake Forest.
RESTAURANTS THAT SERVE so-called back-to-basics fare - some call it mom-and-pop food - are proliferating, offering such specialties as chicken pot pie, corned beef and cabbage, pot roast with potato pancakes, braised short ribs of beef and meat loaf with mashed potatoes.
That hostility has since waned, Dr. Marti and some students said.
The Senator's address was delivered in gentle tones but was packed with stern criticism of many Soviet policies.
Four players, Terry Leach, a pitcher; Mark Carreon and Terry Blocker, both outfielders, and Kevin Elster, a shortstop, were sent to the team's minor league complex for reassignment.
Mr. Tarshis has confronted controversy before.
Also good news is the commitment to begin stage-by-stage talks leading to a ban on nuclear testing.
We dare to peer across the gorge to another mountain, layers of green pines looking like a carefully woven tapestry.
Borrow from nature, which is full of attention-grabbing techniques: the dog wanting out, the baby osprey on the nest, the cow advertising for a mate (likewise, the firefly).
The estimate of three years to build two lanes a distance of 10 miles is in sharp constrast to the situation in the early 1950's, when the 117 1/2-mile main section was completed in 23 months.
The obvious way to reduce borrowing is to reduce the budget deficit.
The market fell apart after the International Coffee Organization adjourned its London meeting this week without agreeing to restore export quotas on member nations.
An evocative memoir of an Appalachian coal mining company town at a time not so long ago, with illustrations that are both ''honest and beautiful.''
He's made great plays all year.''
Mr. Cranston said Senator Wirth and Senator Bingaman were ''particularly vulnerable,'' noting that strong opposition to the bill from Mr. Armstrong and Senator Pete V. Domenici, Republican of New Mexico had made Mr. Wirth and Mr. Bingaman appear as if they were trying to bust the budget Sponsors of the legislation regard it as essentially a stop-gap measure to keep existing housing assistance programs in place for two years while lawmakers begin a major overhaul of the nation's housing policy.
Betsy King, with a one-under 71 today, and Rosenthal at 72 tied for fourth today with one-over-par 289.
Though set in the mid-19th century, ''Walker'' is full of anachronisms, including Zippo lighters.
Installment Payments Allowed ''I've made a really conscientious effort to pay off these taxes,'' he said, adding that the city officials had been helpful at one time because his rent receipts are less than $5,000 a month.
* Macpherson Information Systems Inc. announced the appointment of George F. Kraemer as a founding partner and executive vice president.
Joseph F. Hardiman of the Queens detective command said the woman, who worked a midnight-to-6 A.M. shift, was found by a regular customer who entered the store at about 3 A.M. and got no response when he called for service.
So Jonathan's editor wants Tyrone invited to dinner.
''XYZ'' also reaffirms the guitar style he and the Police brought to rock - sustained, floating sounds that might be considered anti-power chords.
The arrangements were made during President Reagan's visit to Indonesia last May, the State Department says.
The long-term solution could find the towns building their own energy-conservation incinerator, similar to the Peekskill facility.
The sample of telephone exchanges called was selected by a computer from a complete list of exchanges in the country.
Over the last six years, the S.E.C.
Mr. Romero has great agility, adequate power and an unusually large repertory of colors and dynamic levels.
BETTY ROLLIN New York, Aug. 21, 1987
The share earnings for its latest fourth quarter and year as well as year-ago figures were adjusted to reflect payment of a 10 percent stock dividend on Feb. 16, 1987.
Commentary and a bibliography in the Book Review, section 7.
But on June 21, after a series of midnight meetings between the rebels, led by two former Cabinet ministers, the opposition and the president, Mr. Singh backed out.
After a decade out of boxing, a portly George Foreman, the former heavyweight champion, stopped Steve Zouski at 2:47 of the fourth round of a scheduled 10-round bout at the Arco Arena tonight.
''It is inevitable that structural change will follow,'' she said.
And the world's wrongs remain.
''Dual-career families mean that increasingly strangers are taking care of our children,'' Jeannine Ferris Pirro, the assistant district attorney in charge of the county's domestic violence and child-abuse bureau, said recently.
On Nov. 21, Mohammed Darwichi Baladi, a second secretary at the Syrian Embassy, left Turkey only hours before a prosecutor accused him publicly of involvement in the Sati murder.
The Government and the rebels say too many hurdles remain for the negotiations to begin on Sept. 15, as proposed by President Jose Napoleon Duarte.
It's the way Joe Niekro and Charles Hudson are throwing now, the way Dave Righetti threw his last time out.
MONTREAL (NL) - Announced that they would not exercise their option for 1988 on the contract of Vance Law, infielder.
United Hospitals has 427 beds, 302 of which are for general-care.
This is not really the bicentennial of the 1787 Constitution, she said.
she asked, referring to the trio of one-act plays by Harvey Fierstein that had a brief run on Broadway recently.
Another Big Project At least three development teams have responded, Mr. Stuckey said, although he would not identify them.
Named in the indictments were Hercaire's president, Normal Steckler, and vice president, Robert Helmuth.
She is the player I have nothing to lose against.''
What did you say, that you have some ''persuading'' to do with the other countries before you ''get'' them to agree to the idea of sanctions?
Charles Osgood, the news correspondent, will be at a coffee shop in New Jersey to chew over the issue of ''Whose Giants are they?''
Elevated levels of salt were found in 1985 in a Yonkers reservoir and in community wells in eight other Westchester towns, he said, and since then a number of wells in North Salem, in addition to the Cannings's well, were found to have high levels of sodium and chloride caused by salt leaching through the earth into ground water.
He continued: ''We have an enormous amount of work to do.
Such cooperation is at least partly in the Administration's interest since it is eager for adoption of several trade bill provisions, including new trade negotiating authority for the President and admission of the United States into a new international pact that harmonizes commodity descriptions and codes.
He said he had shown the NBC News reporter an early draft and had not intended for it to be used for a news broadcast.
The bride's mother is the owner of Lita Brown Architectural Antiques, also in Brooklyn.
The other consists of what Ms. Edwards calls ''the MCA/SAG forces that were to bind the restless, disparate parts of Ronald Reagan's personality.''
What are your legal precedents?
New York: Oxford University Press.
To seize it, he would have to break out of the mold of cautious temporizing - punctuated by fits of belligerence in the cases of terrorism and the Reagan Doctrine - and seriously address the critical issues that Reagan has ignored, exacerbated or smothered in rhetoric during the past six years.
Mr. Thenot and three others from town were members of a Resistance cell, who were caught by the Gestapo, deported and murdered in a concentration camp.
She made her debut at the Passavant Cotillion in Chicago.
Victim Found in a Closet ''She was terribly burned,'' Father Fagan said, when firefighters responding to the 12:36 A.M. alarm found the girl in the closet.
But they disagree on why it happened, with blame being variously leveled at the cup leadership, the NBC television network and the California Horse Racing Board.
At the confirmation hearing last week, Mr. Gates was questioned about the Fuller memo, and asked why its reasoning appeared to closely resemble a paper provided to the National Security Council by Adnan M. Khashoggi, a Saudi arms dealer who was later a prominent figure in the American arms dealings with Teheran.
The law further tightened the country's 10-month-old state of emergency.
He and Joseph W. Armaly, the bank's president, saw eye-to-eye at first, but ''Mr.
Following is a roundup of some of the notable recording releases of recent weeks.
This bears out my theory that treating them with considerably more contempt is in the long run a more productive policy.''
''The clouds are the shades - they're the blinds,'' said Stephen Schneider, a climate specialist at the National Center for Atmospheric Research.
There is ''no other job I would have been attracted to.''
He needs success in Washington to propel his program of domestic change and to quiet critics, ranging from Kremlin colleagues to collective farmers and factory workers, who have been buffeted by his policies but have yet to see tangible benefits.
We do believe firmly that the N.S.C.
He has no driver's license but instead carries a learner's permit in case he is stopped by the police.
But there are indications that it may be increasing again.
Growing competition from the non-wireline companies has prompted many carriers, such as Nynex Mobile Communications, which serves the New York area, to offer discounts or free features such as call waiting or call forwarding to win customers.
Disagreements over whether the Council's intentions have been fully carried out have become acute in recent years, especially in the United States.
The fledgling group brought into the hotel representatives from Mayor Koch's office and the Office of Midtown Enforcement, as well as Councilwoman Ruth W. Messinger.
The peace accord was signed this month by the presidents of Guatemala, Costa Rica, Nicaragua, El Salvador and Honduras.
Mr. Rizzo's own proposed solution to the trash crisis, however, called for regional cooperation that would require participation of the suburbs.
Factors in Compliance Seen Ann M. Streetman, spokesman for the Texas Safety Association, cites three factors in Texas compliance: a strong law, vigorous enforcement and an ambitious publicity campaign.
If an adviser takes a percentage commission on each work, for instance, might he not tend toward recommending expensive works instead lower-priced works of possibly greater esthetic value?
Cholestyramine is very bulky and it must be taken as a powder, Dr. Rifkind said.
The 10-year bonds, which mature on July 1, 1997, carry a 9.5 percent coupon, and were priced at 99 3/8, to yield 9.598 percent.
Perquisites for American managers often included a luxury car, an elaborate home and first-class air tickets every three months for vacations.
Diplomats Taking Precautions Because of the embassy security problems, diplomats have been taking unusual precautions, conversing with handwritten notes and using couriers to send messages that would have been conveyed by telephone.
He remembers hunting wild boar in the rugged countryside with his father and uncle.
The movie has a moment, one of the monumentally revolting moments in the annals of entertainment, when a psychopath blows the hero's hand off with a shotgun, for no apparent reason except the script writer's urge to try for a laugh by having the psychopath say, ''Somebody give him a hand.''
The state must start to nurture the infrastructure necessary for recycling to reach its potential.
Open Sunday through Friday, 8 A.M. to 5:30 P.M. At 108 Rivington Street only, Saturday, 10 A.M. to 5 P.M.
Any method is a tunnel but at the end is not only a light but a joy.
Be a carpenter, be a farmer - do something.
I remember when he'd pitch a three-hitter, and still could be critical of his performance.''
''They were trying some things just like we were trying some things, put we made progress and that's what we were after.
The Presidential mansion is a modern three-story building of white stone on an affluent residential street in West Jerusalem, not far from the King David Hotel.
Two days later, five Central American presidents signed the Costa Rican-sponsored plan, which differs in some significant ways from the Reagan-Wright plan.
Gerald Henderson blamed the defeat on a lack of production from the Knicks' role players and an inability to get ample practice time from several players.
Ski weeks begin Sunday nights and many weekend packages are available.)
On May 28, Montclair State College awarded Doby an honorary doctorate for ''your courage and your pride in the face of prejudice in the summer of 1947.''
Chris Nilan, Bob Brooke and Joe Mullen also scored for Team USA.
Impressive as that world may be, it can get to be a tad oppressive.
The quarantine restricted the movement of about 100 kinds of fruits, nuts and vegetables that serve as hosts for the the flies.
''It's not Wall Street bashing,'' he said.
Gloria E. Soto, a Claridge Casino Hotel vice president, had challenged a section of the 1977 Casino Control Act that bars casinos and their officials from contributing money or professional services to political candidates, parties or groups.
Americans paid off a half-billion dollars in revolving debt and homeowners continued shifting credit into equity loans.
The investigator promises an ''open trial'' for the wrongdoers - and sure enough, as a program note reminds us, the director of the plant and two underlings were sentenced to a labor camp this summer.
It was his third appearance in the Mets' last four games, and his second game saved.
The Times Mirror Company, which generally gets magazines by acquiring them, is planning to bring out a weekly trade magazine for the business of sports that will be its own creation.
''Ladies and Gentlemen, we interrupt this broadcast to bring you the following news bulletin: it is reported that at 7:50 P.M. a huge flaming object fell in the vicinity of Grovers Mill, N.J.
One drawback of many of these long-term savings plans is that they limit choices.
We opened our windows, screamed at the top of our lungs and waved for help.
Today it has four factories in Japan, where it is the largest American chip maker.
That could be reason enough for the Administration not to want the whole Korean 007 story told, whatever the merits of the missile policy.
''As they say,'' Mr. Brenner observed, illustrating simultaneously his own observation, ''there is nothing new under the sun.''
Like the others, Lilly explained that it wanted to focus on its health-care business.
''On the other hand, we have the capability to keep the oil lanes open, to assure our Arab friends of our commitment, and to keep the risks low.''
Her husband, Irving Price, a manufacturer of small appliances, died in 1962.
The first chance for one of the most compelling emerging sculptors to show what she can do in a prime exhibition space, Sept. 10-31.
Robert M. Haft, president of the family's Dart Group Corporation, said it was prepared to pay $42 in cash, exchangeable preferred stock designed to have a market value of $3 and an undetermined amount of common stock in a new company that would own Supermarkets General.
In the middle of writing, I tried not to feel too out of it.
Troy Maxson...James Earl Jones; Jim Bono...Ray Aranha; Rose...Mary Alice; Lyons...Charles Brown; Gabriel...Frankie R. Faison; Cory...Courtney B. Vance; Raynell...Karima Miller.
The study, prepared by the United Church of Christ's Commission on Racial Justice, asserted that the possibility that the placement of these dumps resulted by chance was ''virtually impossible.''
His children were enrolled in a public school in Yonkers until suddenly one day, he was told, they were going to be bused.
Seventeen games ago, on April 19, which now seems like years ago to the Boston Celtics, they ended their regular season by defeating the Atlanta Hawks.
''As a result of the lawsuit and intense Congressional pressure, HUD was finally forced to take action,'' Maria Foscarinis, the coalition's Washington counsel, said in a statement.
In ''Still of Some Use'' a man helps his former wife empty their former house with the help of his two sons who had lived there as children.
* March 17: A four-session series on costumes worn by women in Asia, sponsored by the Asia Society; 212-288-6400.
Broader market indexes did not fare quite so badly, although declining issues outnumbered gainers by 832 to 739 on the New York Exchange.
About $100 million will be set aside to pay adminstrative expenses incurred in devising the plan and to pay in full certain trade creditors with claims predating the bankruptcy filing, including a $62 million claim by the Internal Revenue Service.
c-Includes capital gains of $830,000, or 7 cents a share, for the quarter and $2,227,000, or 20 cents a share, for the year.
On March 12, for example, the United States Senate voted 97 to 1 to express its strong support for ''the thrust'' of a peace plan put forward by the Costa Rican President, Oscar Arias Sanchez - a plan that is to be discussed by the five Central American presidents at a June meeting in Esquipulas, Guatemala.
The incident (possibly incidents) occurred on a recent wintry evening (possibly evenings) on the 86th Street crosstown No.
Like new House members, Mr. Kennedy did not get his first committee choice, that of the Armed Services panel, but unlike most he did get advice on the process from former Speaker O'Neill.
c-Includes a capital gain of $587,000 and $11,506,000 for the quarter and 9 months, respectively.
What is wrong with this production (and this will make no difference to Rooney fans) is that there are two shows on stage.
Those who were there know.
All three hotels are on Tortola.
THOMAS PATRICK MELADY Fairfield, Conn, June 5, 1987
The Texan, without hesitation, went for the flagstick and stopped his ball 18 inches from the cup.
If the ausleses are sold out, Scharzhofberger kabinett and spatlese wines of the '85 vintage would make for instructive comparative tastings.
The company said share earnings are fully diluted.
The essay took an apparently anomalous cultural phenomenon - cockfighting in gentle Bali?
''At the very foundation of our economic system is the principle that excellence is rewarded,'' the group argues in its literature, ''yet the Price-Anderson Act tells the nuclear industry: 'No matter how negligent, careless, or reckless you are, you are not responsible for fully compensating damages you cause the public.'
The document asserted that it is ethically acceptable to sedate a patient into unconsciousness to control pain even if the sedation may hasten death.
Hundreds of other local businesses also cashed in on that contest and again yesterday, when the Lions played host to the University of Alabama.
We want to try to prove without a shadow of a doubt the relationship between physical fitness and health, not just physical fitness and ability to perform.
In the top tax brackets, he said, there is evidence that tax revenues rose following the 1981 tax cuts - although some economists question whether the increase could be attributed to a supply-side response.
Howard Stringer, president of CBS News, was not available for comment.
In that time, teams did not pursue free agents if their former clubs continued to express interest in re-signing them.
She said premature babies who were massaged, rocked and talked to at regular intervals left the hospital after an average of 19 days - four days earlier than average.
Too Much Red Tape The experts ''recommended a full-scale federally coordinated campaign against AIDS,'' the study said.
The familiar Gershwin songs are always best when presented without frills: Maureen McGovern on ''But Not for Me,'' Rosemary Clooney on ''A Foggy Day,'' Bobby Short on ''Our Love Is Here to Stay.''
When it comes to soul, nobody, not even Otis Redding or Solomon Burke, could out-sing James Carr.
The net change in consumers' disposable income resulting from taxes will thus be the extent to which the Treasury adjusts for the overwithholding in 1987 and the size of income tax refunds.
Most countries in South America, a heavily Roman Catholic continent, have more liberal laws.
The American group, sponsored by the Natural Resource Defense Council of New York, was asked to turn off its monitoring equipment.
Recalled Greg Jelks, infielder, from Maine of the International League.
Ordinary facades hide gardens, workshops, small factories, even houses.
The group made its first purchase of land in 1969, when it bought the 22-acre Bradley-Buchanan Woods in Mansfield, and two years later, it acquired Wolf Rock, a giant boulder atop a 50-foot cliff that is the training ground for local rock climbers.
Michael is among the more than 100 Haitian boat children who have been given the chance for a new life with foster parents through New York City's Special Services for Children.
The realization that certain positive illusions are beneficial dovetails with other research by Martin Seligman at the University of Pennsylvania showing the psychological and physical benefits of optimism, and by Ellen Langer at Harvard University and Judith Rodin at Yale, suggesting that a sense of control has similar health benefits.
The story was insulting in implying there was something wrong with Donna Rice's staying overnight at Gary Hart's house.
To me, the Devil comes in people, in our actions.
Borrowing for car loans was also up in February, rising by $717 million, compared with an increase of $416 million in January.
''I felt good,'' Hudson said after throwing 21 pitches and allowing one run, one hit and one walk.
The Supreme Court has narrowly approved somewhat similar restrictions on minors' access to abortions, but the appellate court found some aspects of the Illinois law unduly burdensome.
The new Federal enforcement unit is currently aiding Federal prosecutors in a case involving an X-rated actress who calls herself Traci Lords.
The town's origins rest on reports of a miracle that occured on the site around 1600.
Mr. Burke led the Yankees from 1966 to 1973, when the team was sold by CBS to George Steinbrenner.
''It was bad enough to have million-dollar trusts run by a few men,'' lamented The Chicago Evening Post, when the financier J. P. Morgan bought the Carnegie Steel Company from the industrialist Andrew Carnegie and created United States Steel, ''but what is going to happen to the farmer, the worker, and the small businessman when we have billion-dollar combines maneuvered by a handful of men who have never been in a plant and who think of a factory as just another chip in a gigantic financial poker game?''
A month ago, I didn't think I could get under 3:50 this year.
There are few parental scripts, and we fell back on one of the tiredest.
On Monday, Representative Jack F. Kemp of upstate New York criticized statements last week by Treasury Secretary James A. Baker 3d, which he said helped set off the stock market decline.
Any comparison, however, between this Rocky and Marciano, or even Balboa, ends with the nickname.
''We feel pretty darn good we were able to convince the Congress last year and now the President.''
Once Mr. Richards agreed to work with Mr. Berry on the concert and film, he felt that his first order of business was to find Johnnie Johnson, the pianist whose robust blues playing graced most of Mr. Berry's 50's recordings.
''It is very attractive to think that female sex hormones are good for you and male sex hormones are bad for you, but in point of fact, the data are mixed,'' said Dr. Elizabeth Barrett-Connor of the University of California in San Diego.
Mr. Beacon has just learned that New York City plans to build 80 units of subsidized housing for senior citizens on the site.
The world does not suffer from a dearth of garden books, but ''The Gardens of Provence and the French Riviera,'' by Michel Racine, Ernest J-P. Boursier-Mougenot and Francoise Binet (M.I.T.
The tokens would not be part of the coin payoffs.
In his use of similar and sometimes identical shapes in his urns, ribs and reliefs, Mr. Gourfain has maintained the modular, serial approach of Minimalism.
Dr. Samuel Jones, a professor of conducting and composition at Rice University,who has been appointed president.
Iraq, most diplomats and officials here assert, desperately wants an end to a war that started seven years ago this month.
But earlier this week, after seven hours of emotional debate, the bill received the endorsement of the Massachusetts House.
In 1951, he was named chairman of The Daily Mirror and Sunday Pictorial and served as chairman of International Publishing from 1963 to 1968.
Mr. Lyon said that in 1982 First Boston made a strategic decision to decentralize its investment banking operation and in doing so, set up its second-largest American office in Chicago.
123 a fair second chance.
And even those who were had trouble agreeing on a political program or on the correct musical or pharmacological route to a spiritual high.
Although Goren, now 85, has been quietly retired in Florida for a quarter of a century, suffering from an ailment that has impaired his memory, his organization has flourished.
Some parents are unhappy that the students spend time politicking.
All corps de ballet members today can execute the 32 fouettes (consecutive turns on a single pointe whose impetus comes from a whipping motion of the other leg) that in 1893 gave Pierina Legnani a place in the history of dance.
''I have said, however, that I believe this nomination could be a contentious one, not to the point that I think he'll be defeated, but it could be a lengthy confirmation process.
Thus, Dr. Jonathan Mann, who heads the AIDS program for the World Health Organization in Geneva, said his agency had begun an effort unrivaled in its history to work out the financing in advance.
''It would be called the Pink Hotel and I'd do all the decor,'' she said.
''Once the hearings began, it was all over,'' said one state official, referring to past proposals for reform.
''You have to remember that 40 percent of the Merc is in the hands of speculators,'' said Jack L. Copeland, an oil expert, referring to the trading of oil contracts on the New York Mercantile Exchange.
About 53 percent is consumed in Washington.
This is a phrase probably first used in The Wall Street Journal on Sept. 10, 1953, according to Sol Steinmetz of Barnhart Books.
A national teacher certification board has been suggested.
Mr. Potter said the deal was for 72 years, and the way he figures it, each board could have two facings and one facing can easily bring in $5,000 a month.
''Shrinking a store down today doesn't mean more congestion,'' he said.
Traders said much of yesterday's selling of Texaco stock was done by institutions with rules that do not allow holdings in companies that are in bankruptcy status.
The other counties have been forced to honor five-year-old agreements to stop dumping in the Meadowlands.
Transfers should be obtained for switch to N6 Jamaica-bound buses at Hempstead.
Any mouth sores that persist longer should be checked by a doctor or a dentist.
In New York, for example, where an experimental program is still in its infancy, the authorities say it has not yet demonstrated its potential effectiveness, in part because of insufficient training and facilities for child care to entice recipients into jobs.
Mechanical engineering has long been considered a basic if undramatic specialty, because mechanical engineers are the technical experts charged with quietly keeping factories and assembly lines operating and upgrading equipment.
Like they would in Brooklyn.''
Asked about Ditka's comments, McMahon said he had been getting treatment along with other injured Bears players.
A psychologist who works at the hotel, Dr. Steve Himmelstein, said the thumb sucking and stuffed animals were symptoms that the children were needy in the physical and emotional senses.
Since the man's title was equal to hers, Ms. Chamberlin viewed the remark as ''a nice compliment, actually.''
The initial 2 points of the contest had come earlier in the quarter when Rutherford's attempt at a punt was snapped out of the end zone for a safety.
Can you imagine what the process will be like when people will have to search families with names such as Linda Liefland described?
Scientists still have not been able to pinpoint the cause of the disease, though they have suspected some toxin in the food, the service said Thursday.
He is accused of stealing air time from the station in connection with the incident.
The Majestic has an informality that is appealing.
Le Pen's mounting strength, but ''not just in terms of politics.
A woman turns into a kite, or maybe it's a bird.
In contrast, seven new plays were produced in commercial Broadway theaters - there are over 40 - during 1986 and, at present, only five are running.
But they said the agreement did not go far enough and did not contain enough enforcement mechanisms.
''Rehab today is where psychiatric was 10 years ago,'' said Rocco A. Ortenzio, chairman of Continental Medical Systems, in Mechanicsburg, Pa., near Harrisburg.
The structure of daily life - work, errands, social life - can mask disagreements and disharmonies during the year, said Mathilda B. Canter, a clinical psychologist in Phoenix and former president of the American Psychological Association's psychotherapy division.
Writing at the turn of the century, Alice Morse Earle, in her delightful book ''Old-Time Gardens,'' pointed out that one plant might have several folk names.
That is, Hughes is responsible not only for building the satellites, but also for getting them safely into orbit and making sure they are fully operational in space.
All three men went back to school at night to study for the tests they would take to become registered representatives empowered to buy and sell stocks.
Aw, get rid of him.
The Socialists, led by Bettino Craxi, say they aim at building a broad leftist movement that would someday include the Communists and would put the Christian Democrats out of government for the first time since World War II.
In 1971, she was transferred to Benxi, where she sold pork at the Xiaofang grocery store.
Sometimes the acting in these programs is very sensitive.
The principal errors in recent years have had nothing to do with the intent of the framers.''
At the time I wasn't patted on the back but I feel I have always done what I really believe in and stuck to my convictions.
Though schools should do a better job of educating black and Hispanic students, he concluded, parents must realize that ''it all starts at home.''
I think the best image I can give is that of a vast psychiatric hospital.
I haven't worked out an opening, so you are on your own all the way, but the idea is: We are in a torture chamber.
The former Senate majority leader is expected to declare his intentions publicly by early March.
Concern About Radiation Town Selectmen and the area's State Senator, Charles Pray, have written the Air Force asking that the view of the mountain be considered.
Shoreham is not yet open.
The consensus among Government and industry officials was that he did not have smooth relations with Elizabeth Hanford Dole, the Secretary of Transportation, or her deputy, James H. Burnley 4th.
The bride, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Donald L. Kamensky of West Orange, N.J., is a researcher and a writer in the office of foundation relations at Columbia University.
He drank and wooed to excess, drove a Jaguar and - hold on -played the mandolin.
As Mr. Winston showed in his klezmer tune, he's a better harmonica player than he is a pianist.
By the time Gooden returned to the Mets' clubhouse, many of his teammates had arrived.
One triumph of the Reagan Administration has been its firm, fair control of hospital costs for the $64 billion Medicare program.
Faith Berman, a junior physical-education major from Maplewood, N.J., maintained a C average during her freshman year, but last year it slipped.
The centerpiece can be extended with a sprinkling of mixed nuts or a grouping of votive candles.
His father was a founding director of the nuclear medicine division of the Columbia-Presbyterian Medical Center, where he was a professor of radiology.
Daniel P. Whitmire, an astronomer at the University of Southwestern Louisiana, suggested that Planet X could follow a course in which every 26 million years it disturbed a cloud of comets in the outer solar system and thus sent comets raining destruction on Earth.
I remember hearing them on the radio.
Not soon enough, however, said Kenneth S. Abramowitz, a health-care analyst at Sanford Bernstein & Company.
''Thailand should follow all other nations in the region - Korea, Singapore, Malaysia and Indonesia - in granting copyright protection to software,'' Oliver Smoot, acting president of the Computer and Business Equipment Manufacturers Association, said in a statement.
We all had some excellent runs but we all did a bit of stumbling, too.
No, I'm not worried that the Cardinals will be gunning for me for showing them up.
He said foreign investors appeared to be buying metals to protect themselves from declines in their own currencies as the dollar has strengthened.
Much of the ghastly work, including the disposal of the corpses, was done by Jews, who were forced into this macabre role before being killed themselves.
The indictment roiled the Hispanic community, where there were charges that the Cuban-born Mr. Pereira was singled out for prosecution because he held the most powerful Government job in the county.
It took 20 to 30 years to put the D.M.V.
Madlock also had less than a perfect night's rest, having received several threatening calls at his hotel early this morning from people accusing him of intentionally trying to hurt Fernandez with his rough slide.
Mr. Ward declined to be interviewed.
Bill said that he attended two sessions of the Gabrielsen Group each week and went to at least one A.A. meeting a week.
A spokesman for the largest rebel force, Bosco Matamoros, said the attack helicopter was shot down Thursday night in central Nicaragua with SAM-7 missiles purchased with funds recently supplied by the United States.
''I hope the Navy, the Air Force and the Coast Guard pay attention too,'' he said at a Saturday news conference with other parents.
In 1927, at the Ziegfeld Theater on Broadway, sets had to be changed manually.
Verification of the figure was not possible.
Sometimes I'll take on the character of a song and be unable to shake it off, and leave the stage with an incredible anger or aggression still in me.
There is new service between Miami and Marathon ($134 round trip) and increased flights between Miami and Key West, with one each hour between 7 A.M. and 8 P.M. daily ($144 round trip).
For this reason alone the catalogue represents a significant improvement, but the new typeset format is easier to read and many recently-discovered varieties have been added.
In the new environment since October, money managers say they see various forms of cutbacks.
Outside the United Nations, more than 400 demonstrators, some referring to themselves as political refugees, chanted and waved signs.
Mr. Sol Meza was detained for the shootings but never convicted.
If these artists and many others are content to seek more modest performing venues than the big concert halls, Performers of Westchester has built its increasingly large and loyal membership on the premise that chamber music ought not to be heard in auditoriums at all.
We had an exclusive interview with King's game-face specialist, an actress named Eleanor Rigby, the other day.
Sandra Feldman, president of New York City's United Federation of Teachers, calls the title ''an insult to the men and women we represent - as well as to their students.''
190-Point Premium When the market closed Tuesday, the March Standard & Poor's 500 futures index was at a 190-point premium to the cash index, when theoretically it should have been about 135 points, according to Donald M. Selkin, a stock index specialist at Prudential-Bache Securities.
But the $15,000 was enough in those days for the Robeys to buy a new house and furnishings, as well as a new touring car, which Robey promptly drove through the back wall of his garage.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING INC (NYSE) Qtr to June 30 1987 1986 Revenue 355,274,000 318,571,000 Net inc 40,050,000 30,906,000 Share earns .52 .42 Yr rev 1,384,236,000 1,204,246,000 Net inc 132,030,000 105,960,000 Share earns 1.76 1.45 View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Ruling elites, under pressure from worldly elements, often including their own children, are persuaded to deem the impermissible permissible, and even at times desirable.
ABC's ''World News Tonight'' was in third spot with a 10.0 rating.
Julian Goodman, a former president of NBC News and chairman of NBC, said, ''I think Mark Fowler has been an outstanding chairman of the F.C.C.,'' Mr. Goodman said.
Banks generally place loans on a nonaccrual basis when payments fall delinquent for 90 days or longer.
Although Mr. Shannon has not taken legal issue with the coalition's claim that New England will experience severe energy shortages without Seabrook, he has questioned its statement that it advocates using all sources of power.
And if y'all don't want it, don't give it back, hear?
But, like the neighborhood - which changed from Crow Hill to Crown Heights, from an elegant suburb of Manhattan to a slum to a mixed community of blacks and Hasidic Jews -the museum is also changing.
The bride is a granddaughter of the late Mr. Rice Jr. of Irvington-on-Hudson, N.Y., a senior partner in Spencer Trask, investment bankers in New York, and a founding director of Airwick Industries.
With this in mind, I was dismayed by a sample of a new New York City AIDS-prevention campaign on television the other night.
I am not thinking of the ethical or the sonorous or at all of the manner of it.
has had since it moved into the Third Avenue quarters 25 years ago.
As we watched it, the stem became wider and wider and darker.
''I'm hooked on the atmosphere she creates,'' he said.
That he has gone at it with such extreme partisanship has cost him, and the State Department, credibility as well.
''Before I put the hamburger together, I shape the ground meat into a ball and insert a tablespoon of frozen butter blended with fresh herbs in the center, then flatten it.
Justice Marshall, the only black member of the Court, was viewed favorably by 35 percent of blacks, unfavorably by 1 percent.
He warned that if the Nuclear Regulatory Commission granted the utility's request, its credibility would be damaged and ''it might not survive as an agency.''
After several years of economic expansion, Queens is expected to be one of the New York region's fastest growing counties as the next decade begins, according to a new report issued by Queens College.
Well, I hope it's going to sail through anyway.
Officials also said that a program of discounts on the cost of engine repairs to reduce automobile emissions would be used as a way to encourage car owners to tuneup their vehicles.
The Journal violated the order, rather than await a scheduled hearing or appeal it.
When the plate is viewed in the proper light, however, a revelation occurs: the picture plane seems to drop away; the image appears to be floating in space, so real you feel you could touch it.
Among those scheduled to speak are: Adele Chatfield-Taylor, director of the design arts program of the National Endowment for the Arts; Janice Elliot, director of real estate programs for the Connecticut Trust for Historic Preservation, and Deborah Rosenthal, a lawyer who specializes in land use.
''The airlines are now making it more difficult for unauthorized passengers to use discount first-class tickets, by refusing to honor them at the gate if a passenger cannot produce proper identification.''
The prosecutors' reasoning, the lawyer said, is that all proceeds from the arms sales should have gone to the Government and that people who used the money together to aid the contras or for any other purpose were in violation of the law.
It is because of him that the National Football League's supplemental draft on June 12 becomes significant.
A.Ceiling tiles are quite porous and have a fuzzy, textured surface, so plastering is impossible.
''And I call on the leaders of Congress to do the same.''
He is the director of the Bush Center in Child Development and Social Policy at Yale University.
Spending of Money In the two meetings, Mr. Fisher openly paid Mr. Ronsisvalle $2,620, which, both men said, was for his motel and living expenses and a visit to his daughters.
Nor do the Kafkaesque overtones have the terrible concision of which Kafka was so great a master.
That took some of the pressure off the inexperienced right side of the offensive line, where Damian Johnson was making his first start at guard and William Roberts was making only his third start at tackle.
He outlined the procedure now required for all new employees, including American citizens, with the exception of independent contractors, self-employed or people hired for domestic work on a sporadic basis.
Allow to dry for about 40 to 45 minutes, then apply two additional coats in the same manner.
''All you have to do is look at a map to see that it is a crazy idea,'' said Khushwant Singh, a prominent Sikh historian, essayist and novelist.
Todd Santos became the National Collegiate Athletic Association career passing leader in Division I-A today, but his San Diego State team lost to Brigham Young, 38-21, in a Western Athletic Conference game.
Many states have imposed seat-belt laws in that time.
The trend over the past decade has been toward waiting longer and longer to crack out top 2-year-olds.
Airlines have been extremely successful in marketing international travel.
It will further complicate the lives of those unfortunate enough to be infected.
''approval'' does not take into account who uses a specific test device once it is sold.
In 1921 it was taken on by the Ligue des Amis de la Cambre and repeatedly restored.
Elway vs. Giants So the game may come down to Elway versus the Giants' front seven (the three defensive linemen and the four linebackers).
''It's an odd thing with Lincoln Center.
''Never,'' they responded almost in unison.
''At his festival, the operatic god dispenses cakes as well as ale'' follows a tireless listing of allusions to drinking in opera, and introduces a similar list of eating references.
He sails for South America and settles in Bolivia.
'One of Their Own' The authorities said they had no description of a suspect, but were interviewing residents in an effort to obtain more information.
In view of what she has contributed to the quiet revolution in question, it is mysterious to this critic that Miss Wilding in not in that show.
''He blamed Bonecrusher and said Bonecrusher didn't want to fight,'' said Rooney.
''You need variety; it's not food for when you're alone.
He marched through the center-field gate to a loud ovation.
*********** When Pat Choate took his post with TRW in 1981, the tides were running for ideamongers.
Mr. Casey, according to the account, said he ''believed'' in the contra diversion scheme.
permitted Mijnheer van Herzog to give himself to his studies and Madame d'Ailly to her harpsichord in the blue salon.
The incident has raised questions here about acceptable trade practices with the third world and led to contentions that Europeans have tried to dump products that were banned at home.
The public in invited to the conference, which opens Friday at the Headquarters Plaza Hotel in Morristown.
The judge's impact on testimony was most obvious on three topics: a controversial diagnosis that Mrs. Whitehead was mentally disabled, her defiance of his order to surrender the baby to Mr. Stern and his perception of the baby's ''best interests.''
The United States Bureau of Census has itself trained Chinese demographers through its International Statistics Training Program, Senator Inouye wrote.
These rules will be fully eliminated Jan. 1, 1988.
Under Haiti's new Constitution, an elected government is to be inaugurated Feb. 7, the second anniversary of Jean-Claude Duvalier's nighttime flight into exile in France.
That study finds that first-generation kinetic energy weapons would be of limited use against a new class of Soviet ballistic missiles already being deployed.
Sometime that conflict shows up in unexpected places.
With all these unorthodox features arresting one's attention, critical evaluation of the sound came almost as an afterthought.
He could be lost for the remainder of the season, and the Red Sox have called up John Marzano from the Pawtucket Red Sox.
The 4-year-old son of Dewan Keys, trained by D. Wayne Lukas, paid $18 for $2 to win and earned $165,120 for his owner, Mark Barge.
In later years, Mrs. Sulzberger initiated efforts to restore damaged areas of the park, including the Ramble, a 37-acre woodland with an artificial stream called the Gill - Scottish for spring - which has become a sanctuary for birds.
Jim Burt and Leonard Marshall each did a book.
President Reagan has apparently proven to be impervious to the comedian's jesting (''Washington could not tell a lie; Nixon could not tell the truth; Reagan cannot tell the difference'').
Giroux is pleased that prepublication reviews have praised the new book's accessibility.
As of now, a would-be immigrant does not have to be tested for the AIDS virus even if a physician suspects the individual has AIDS, according to James Brown, a spokesman for the United States Public Health Service, the agency that is responsible for tracking AIDS and that has proposed the change.
and ''Run, Bob,'' and Run, Murphy,'' and someone interested in another race, ''Run, Jesse Jackson, Run.''
b-Includes a gain from an accounting change of $42,467,000.
The men returned to discussing the relative abilities of such ballplayers as Woody Allen, Lily Tomlin and Neil Simon.
Sergeant Lonetree acknowledged receiving a total of $3,500 from Sasha but said the money was not a motivation.
- T. Boone Pickens, Texas oilman and a leading instigator of corporate takeovers.
Representatives of the major airlines serving Newark International Airport agreed today on summer schedule changes aimed at easing rush hour air traffic delays to and from the busy airport.
While Einstein rejected the authoritarian structure of Wilhelmine Germany and became an ardent pacifist, Haber fully identified with the German national cause, and during World War I he became the great organizer of chemical warfare.
JOANNE C. FIGUEIREDO Postdoctoral Fellow, Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory Cold Spring Harbor, L.I.
It is the one painting by Ms. Cole in which there seems to be something behind the surface, pushing against it, promising something ritualistic and magical.
In another afternoon match, Peanut Louie Harper of San Francisco fell behind by 3-1 in her first set against Sabrina Goles of Yugoslavia and then took complete control to win, 6-3, 6-1.
He said he expected economic growth to remain at about 2 percent, adding: ''With a significant glut of labor, commodities and industrial capacity throughout the world, there doesn't seem room for sustainably higher inflation.''
Domestic car sales totaled 165,909 in early July, a drop of 12.4 percent from the comparable period last year, the eight domestic manufacturers reported today.
Twenty-nine percent of the purchasers reported an increase in new orders and 15 percent reported a decline.
Nevertheless, New Jersey has a strong competitive edge because all the basic elements, from land to electricity, cost less.
''I'm just glad we had it this far,'' he said.
Roxie is desperate to impress the former class valedictorian.
Twenty one of those anti-Semitic incidents were directed at Jewish people, rather than property; five were assaults.
Embassy Employed 200 Russians Until last October, the American Embassy employed 200 Soviet workers for a variety of chores, including driving, translating, cooking and booking travel and entertainment tickets.
The application deadline for next fall has not yet arrived at most schools, but early returns indicate that the trend may not hold next year, with more applicants expected.
Let the sauce with the mushrooms cook, uncovered, over moderately high heat about 7 minutes.
A sculptor from Bandung was commissioned to create a stone relief mural telling the story of the atrocities.
''As soon as he was loose again, I said let's get the heat back in our kitchen.''
Dr. Sherman had headed her own laboratory at the institute for almost a decade, and her work on steroid hormone receptors had won the admiration of knowledgeable scientists in this country and abroad.
The current couple must be their grandchildren many times removed.
''People were hurled trough plate-glass windows, partitions buckled.''
The work we carry out is an obstacle to the democratic facade,'' he said, ''and we say that they will never silence us.''
Hydroponics Workshop, Room 701, Cornell University Cooperative Extension office, 280 Broadway, at Chambers Street; 212-340-2930.
So events can take on a double-edged glamour when a film company comes to town and political stars mix with film personalities.
'I'm off to the shuttle for the White House dinner,' she said.
From Hobart allow a half-day for Port Arthur, reached by a 60-mile winding drive through plains and mountains and along the coast.
Attributing the load to increased use of electrically started oil and gas burners, Mr. Mikorenda said the company supplied 2,798 megawatts to customers, breaking the old record of 2,785 megawatts, set on Jan. 21, 1985.
In the fourth semifinal, A. J. Wynder converted four crucial free throws and scored 8 points in the final 1:14 as seventh-seeded Fairfield upset second-seeded La Salle.
IN our apartment a framed replica of the Declaration of Independence hung above the telephone table on the hallway wall - it had been awarded by the Metropolitan to the men of my father's district for a successful year in the field, and seeing it there daily during my first school years forged an association between the venerated champions of equality who signed that cherished document and our benefactors, the corporate fathers at Number One Madison Avenue, where the reigning president was, fortuitously, a Mr. Lincoln.
One of Air America's biggest bases was in Taiwan.
That distinction goes to the Yankees.
Jeane J. Kirkpatrick, former chief delegate to the United Nations, will be featured speaker tonight at a tribute to Gerald Carmen, founder of Citizens for America, and she has announced a ''press availability'' beforehand.
Energy futures posted gains and contracts for frozen orange juice rose their daily limits.
His assailant was described as black, about 5 feet 9, wearing a gray coat and a blue sweatsuit.
But the main thing is to finish strong for ourselves.''
They are radically different ways of computing, but they would both have the effect of dramatically increasing the size of child-support orders.''
He added, ''The woman who dumps chemicals down her sink in Pound Ridge, N.Y., has to realize she may be responsible for pollution in the Sound.''
The concern is not so much over Chad, which has little to buy and sell in the world, but with its enemy's leader, Col. Muammar el-Qaddafi.
The Spanish-speaking population in New Jersey is situated largely in Hudson, Union and Bergen Counties, in the northeastern part of the state.
Today the barge remained at anchor in Gravesend Bay.
Its Westchester corporate clients include Reader's Digest, 20 offices and corporate headquarters of International Business Machines and Pepsico in Purchase, said Joan E. Mueller, assistant manager of the travel agency in White Plains.
This is not life threatening, but how can we expect nonprofit institutions to attract the best in volunteer leadership and commitment if there is the slightest threat of liability?
''We're the only factory of our type left in Westchester and probably in the metropolitan area as well,'' said Salvatore Blandi, the 50-year-old plant manager.
Mr. Lau reduces trees and mountains to the starkest possible Cubist geometry, then subtly restores their organic life by means of real and painted modeling.
It also reduced its toll-free number access surcharge for calling-card calls to 75 cents, from $1, and eliminated a $1 registration fee for each ITT calling card.
The group included three local women, one the newly elected First Selectperson of Middlebury, Vt. Everyone proved more than equal to the difficult conditions.
Its school systems were running out of money, its biggest cities were embroiled in racial and political distress, and the factories that had long given the state an identity as a manufacturing powerhouse were closing down at an alarming rate, throwing thousands of men and women out of work.
The service can be reached either by using a designated ''direct access'' telephone or by dialing a special code from any public or private telephone.
After the war, the Russians induced the country to move toward a Government-run economy in the south, where the marketplace had flourished.
''You've seen the human side of Al Toon,'' the usually reticent receiver said.
4 steelmaker, said yesterday that it earned $62.5 million, or $2.02 a share, in the first quarter, in contrast to a $22 million loss a year earlier.
Shortly after the disclosures, Mr. Hart withdrew from the Presidential race.
The United States ranked second with imports of 14.85 million bottles, up 4.4 percent.
The exhibition will travel to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Cambridge, Mass., to the Ontario Science Center in Toronto and to four cities in Japan.
They are calling for resolutions setting policies on nuclear war and Central America.
And the Bank of Japan, according to Japanese press reports, appears ready to cut its discount rate half a point again, as it did right after the Oct. 31 Baker-Miyazawa accord.
Mrs. Epifanio is a granddaughter of Spencer T. Olin of Hobe Sound, Fla., and St. Louis and the late Ann W. Olin.
Flight 007, partly handicapped by faulty radio equipment seemed unaware that they were flying far off course.
But to Feiffer the writer, human folly is mother's milk.
By contrast, the leading figure in the party's left wing, Oskar Lafontaine, received only 353 of 423 votes to become one of the party's two deputy chairmen.
David J. Portowicz, an Israeli-American who runs an educational enrichment program for underprivileged Jewish children in Jaffa, said he had no qualms about the project.
For the record: Since the film ''Blue Velvet,'' Miss Rossellini causes a sensation wherever she goes, and while chartered buses and limousines were the preferred way of getting to and from Brooklyn, Mr. Williams took the subway and Patrick Pacheco, a writer, came on his 10-speed Peugeot.
Mr. Hakim and his lawyer both declined to comment.
Tonight's performance is at the Sun Mountain Cafe (645-5629), 82 West Third Street, at 8 P.M.
Her parents never saw her again.
Hellion is a successful aide and companion, but Dr. Willard decided that because the albifrons monkey is so acrobatic, she would try the tamest subspecies, Cebus apella.
But bird nests are becoming increasingly scarce.
''Eldey Island,'' a composition for musician and tape by Eric Stokes (played here by the flutist Tamsin Fitzgerald), was a plaintive, echo-laden work written to commemorate an extinct bird.
Joanne Chesimard, a fugitive black radical leader who was convicted of murder a decade ago, surfaced in Cuba last week.
To control, at least, one's own body may, in itself, be curative.
And the really surprising thing was that the biggest brass-laden climaxes were actively unpleasant at Carnegie.
She works in a small Boston law firm that has a nurse attorney as one of the partners.
Some of the fossils are trilobites, invertebrate insects that lived 550 million years ago.
But he knows how to laugh.
If you cry, you cry later at night and not as long.''
Just two months ago, on a day when one of our major newspapers carried a persuasive story warning against the accelerating loss of farmland -now at a rate of 24,000 acres a year -the next page had a story about the Division of Motor Vehicles' recommendation to move its headquarters from Trenton to Washington Township in rural Mercer County.
She began to feel uptight about that and became very hostile and felt she was not appreciated.
In the fall of 1985, TransAmerica became the first company to announce publicly that it would use the test on a regular basis; the company now requires it for anyone applying for a life insurance policy above $250,000, and has tested more than 10,000 blood samples.
''In this strategy,'' he said, ''you can measure the effect of the chemotherapy because you still have the tumor in place.
He had a good idea about the club position, but needed a clue to the location of the spade honors.
For the moment, the American LP's and cassettes will be available unchanged.
Had it not been for South Africa's restraint, gold output in the non-Communist world would have climbed much more than the 6 percent it did last year, to 1,967 metric tons.
But Representative Edward J. Markey, Democrat of Massachusetts, has introduced a budget amendment that would require the commission to use current rules for those two reactors.
''It really comes down to parental supervision.''
Mr. Regan's notes, however, seem far more complete.
Indeed, the Dow Jones industrial average slipped 2.13 points, to 2,295.81, and on the New York Stock Exchange 797 stocks rose and 758 fell.
Scientists have learned that melanocytes, the cells that produce pigment in hair, gradually lose their ability to manufacture it and eventually die.
There is the arthritic and caustic Miriam Stone, who has loathed her husband ''for forty years'' and forbidden him to visit her.
''In an age when political interests are dulled, these people are acting in their own self-interests,'' he added.
The suspect, James E. Schnick, 36 years old, was charged with murder in the Sept. 25 killings of his wife, her brother and the brother's wife and children.
So it would be beneficial to keep that information to yourself, if you felt you could ethically do so.
Having two talented daughters is a blessing that Mrs. Shaw has not stopped counting.
In late May, 35 miles of beach were closed because of algae and sludge that drifted onto the shores.
Perhaps more disagreeable is your regional myopia.
Each of the films in the series, sponsored by the Japan Film Center, has been adapted from Japanese literature, classical and modern.
Jonathan Duck, from Our Savior Lutheran High School in the Bronx, and Gerald McClease, from Wilbur Cross of New Haven, will be lost to Iona for next season for failing to meet N.C.A.A.
The middle episodes are devoted almost exclusively to the life of Shaka, pieced together from recorded history, tribal mythology and regional legends.
''This does not work,'' Mr. Montand concedes with a laugh.
Syracuse Coach: Jim Boeheim 1985-86: 26-6, 14-2 Current Record: 12-0, 1-0 Outlook: This may be the most versatile and well-rounded team Boeheim has recently coached.
With K-shape aluminum gutters, the most popular type of mounting bracket is the spike-and-ferrule hanger pictured here.
''I have all the strokes, though,'' he said.
''I tried to tell myself how tough it was over here after watching those storms on TV last year at Turnberry,'' Azinger said.
There is a lot of personality in what they're doing.
East, 85th Street at First Avenue; Eighth Street Playhouse, near Avenue of the Americas.
After being warned, the ship could not manage (for reasons still not fully explained) to shoot at a hostile plane approaching it with intent to attack.
Later that same day, according to Mr. McCarthy, Mr. Maddox told prosecutors that he was representing Mr. Sandiford and that his client was unable to view the lineup. ''
After law school, Mr. Waples clerked for a year for Judge John J. Gibbons of the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit, then joined the prestigious Manhattan law firm of Cravath, Swaine & Moore as an associate in its litigation department.
Blacks in America want to forget about slavery - the stigma, the shame.
The stadium there gets noisy.
Purists insist that dandelion greens must be prepared simply: simmered with a little salt pork and served with a dash of vinegar.
At the time of the Chernobyl accident, nuclear plants generated about 11 percent of the nation's total power.
Senator Heflin said he believed that Mr. Secord would be indicted.
in the old Executive Office Building.
Instead, he became the disk jockey at school sock hops, chattering into his microphone as he spun the hits of the 1950's.
At least four fights followed the initial confrontation.
Millions of Americans saw a prime-time Boston Pops concert and fireworks show that highlighted Liberty Weekend.
Science Fiction THE FOLK OF THE AIR.
If a treatment is found by January, he says he will undergo it and finish the season as an Islander.
JOHN DIFFENBACH Associate Professor Northeastern University Boston, March 23
I suppose my theory and Mr. Goodman's practice is simply a variation on that theme.
''It generates a great desire to prove he was right.''
Stock Moves Higher Diamond Shamrock closed today at $14.50 a share, up $1.50, on the New York Stock Exchange.
And as the injuries mounted and the pitching - good through the season's early months - began to show wear, the prospects grew dim.
The 1,500-acre Spendthirft Farm near Lexington has its own tour organization: Spendthrift Tours (3380 Paris Pike, Lexington, Ky. 40511; 606-293-1994).
Also on view, in the print room, are landscape drawings and etchings by Dutch artists of the same period.
There has also been speculation that he was taken to another country, possibly Iran, where the captives may be held.
Administration officials and some lawmakers have been careful not to call openly for General Noriega's ouster for fear that it will play into the hands of Panamanian officials who have already accused the United States of interference in Panama's affairs.
For years, the Sandinista government steadfastly maintained it would never talk to contra leaders under any circumstance.
Meanwhile, the Nets had not played since Friday night's season opener.
Iraq is described by American officials as having the advantage in military equipment, but in the current rainy season, its tanks have been of little value in the marshy lands around Basra where the Iranians, using small boats, have been able to penetrate.
''All of our guys were apprehensive in the beginning,'' Barth says.
The survey, taken after businesses had the actual spending totals for the first quarter, showed a large 4 percent drop in investment spending in the first three months of the year.
One commission has been canceled outright and a second will not be performed until the early 1990's, if then.
When it is completed, on a site just north of the campus, it will be one of about 80 university-connected research parks in the United States and the first in Connecticut.
He's intensely involved in the moment.
And that may mean the end of the undistinguished two-story stucco-over- brick building that houses Palace Billiards.
The process had been invented by Mr. Dowling's boss, Sanford L. Cluett, in 1928.
One of the graybeards in your group will be certain to upstage you with recollections of wine-tastings at Schapiro's on Rivington Street.
The play's one developed character, he keeps us on his side as he argues with God, adopts a street kid who happens to be an intellectual, seduces a psychoanalyst (''I like the way you blow on the chicken soup, it's sexy.'')
By one estimate, states lose $1.5 billion a year in sales tax revenue from direct-market sales to out-of-state customers.
A.Experts disagree about whether standard incandescent lightbulbs with tungsten filaments or bulbs with halogen filaments are best.
''We weren't happy with the results; I don't think anybody was happy with the results, but it was hard for us to undo the damage that was done,'' Mr. Wright said.
Arrest at Airport Federal agents arrested Mr. Conte, the 62-year-old operator of supermarkets, on Tuesday at Kennedy International Airport after he had bought a one-way ticket to Puerto Rico.
For example, the director of the United States Arms Control and Disarmament Agency, Kenneth L. Adelman, said Thursday that the Russians had offered three separate approaches to controlling such weapons.
The Scottish minister also refuses to race on Sunday - despite appeals by the king -because it is his sabbath.
In his desk, Mr. Cardona keeps a list of 50 families he has rescued from welfare.
Lack of Compliance Seen A special prosecutor is also looking into Mr. Meese's relationship with Wedtech.
Long before our species had an identity, let alone a telescope, there was a dark space in the Greater Magellanic Cloud as it might have been seen from Earth.
The Mets will be trying to accomplish what no baseball franchise since the Yankees of 1977 and 1978 has done - repeat as World Series champions.
''It will mean homelessness for hundreds of people.''
The crumbling stock market was also blamed for limit-down movement of cotton futures on the Cotton Exchange in New York.
And, there is the persistent question of age.
Although no current figures were available, staff members said the caucus's budget has dropped steadily since the adoption of Gramm-Rudman, as members were less willing to sustain a body that cut into their legislative expense accounts.
As a result of the Town of Hempstead's lifting a restriction on new developments because of a water shortage, we are now faced with the construction of Nassau West Omni at 550,000 square feet, Meadowbrook forum at 385,000 square feet and Mitchel Field Corporate Center West at 200,000 square feet.
Especially when you are 33 years old, as Carter is, and in your 13th major league season behind home plate.
In other words, this circuit provides extra headroom and is particularly useful when copying CD's, which often contain lots of high-level treble.
The Texas Republican announced yesterday the formation of Tower, Eggers & Greene Consultants Inc., with offices in Washington and Dallas, specializing in planning for business, banking and corporate finance.
Mr. Stolpen said his proposal was spurred by the warning of Dr. C. Everett Koop, the Surgeon General of the United States, that passive smoking, or the involuntary inhalation of tobacco smoke, was a health hazard.
Ms. Miller is not deeply concerned with the chronological age of the people providing the care, providing there is one ''credentialed'' person in charge, a counselor or expert person.
The Risks of Reporting A top executive at one Korean newspaper said, ''We must be timid,'' not so much because of Government pressure as because of the risk of igniting passions that could jeopardize democracy.
Today's results confirmed the superiority of European runners in 2-year-old grass events, of which there are few in this country, and the spottiness of the American 2-year-olds who are contesting a glut of Grade I races this year.
The book, entitled ''Spiked: How Chain Management Corrupted America's Oldest Newspaper,'' was written by Andrew Kreig and portrays the paper's leaders as reluctant to publish articles that might alienate powerful local insurance interests and as willing to compromise fairness to win journalism awards.
East would be very likely to hold up the king if he held that card.
After winning the diamond lead, he could have led to the spade king to guard against a four-card holding with West.
''In the midst of all that violence and force,'' says Murray, who is one of Formula One's top designers, ''Alain can feel the slightest quirks in his car.
Even so, Terry tied for 12th place at Syracuse, earning $4,956 for his best finish in eight events this year.
Usually, he said, an opening-day attendance is from 250 to 325 visitors.
Most of the tickets were distributed by the Communist Party and the Government based less on affection for rock music than on good behavior.
If I hadn't been so stubborn, I could be playing ''Moonlight Sonata'' for our dinner guests instead of suffering their middle-brow onslaughts concerning the now-notorious ''Rheba the Amoeba.''
He received a master's degree in architecture from the Harvard Graduate School of Design.
Gold futures closed lower on the Commodity Exchange in New York, with the December contract down $1.70, to $471.70 an ounce.
And his audience was just as captive, if not continuously captivated.
This loving attention to detail gives Abbey House a charm that London museums rarely attain.
He said his purpose was ''not to defend one man but to consolidate the institutions of the country.''
The Dance Theater will perform ''Sleeping Beauty'' three times: at 9:30 A.M. Friday, for students from the county; at 8 P.M. Saturday and at 2 P.M. Sunday.
Tao roamed the country, encountered major artistic developments throughout China and renounced his Buddhist robes when he was 50.
Singapore Airlines ordered its first all-freighter version of the Boeing 747, and a West German charter carrier ordered its fourth Boeing 757-200 twinjet, the Boeing Commercial Airplane Company said.
Mr. Nakasone insisted today that the United States bore some responsibility for the trade imbalance, because, in his view, many American industries cannot compete in the world economy.
In order to play authentic Spike Jones treatments of ''Cocktails for Two,'' ''That Old Black Magic,'' ''Chloe'' (whose lover slogs through a swamp shouting, ''Chloe, you old bat you, where are you?'')
''It just made perfect sense,'' said Wayne DeFeo, Somerset recycling coordinator.
However, authority officials said that, after the Pinkerton program ended, many of the vehicle descriptions and numbers taken down by the students were inaccurate and did not match.
THE rise in the number of liability suits over the last few years is creating new concerns for the many suburban and rural homeowners whose properties are subject to easements.
''I knew that until we restored discipline and stability to the building, nothing would happen,'' said Mr. Amato, whose success in transforming Public School 332 into the pride of Brownsville was acknowledged last week when Schools Chancellor Nathan Quinones assigned him to start a similar process on a much larger scale.
Can Nigeria's military rulers explain why any prudent American should ever risk a business trip to Lagos?
Today, Jordan's population is roughly 60 to 70 percent Palestinian.
IN early 1985, Edward S. Finkelstein, chairman of R. H. Macy & Company, the nation's fourth-largest department store chain, found himself increasingly preoccupied with two problems.
Asarco Inc., another copper producer, is rated a ''buy'' by the firm.
We had an unbalanced rush, three guys on one side and only one on the other.
A Separate Fund The political action committee fund could not be used directly for a Cuomo Presidential campaign, according to the Federal Election Commission.
He says that I am the head of its policy committee.
The rightist parties range from two that were formed as campaign vehicles for General Pinochet to old-line, conservative democratic parties that openly oppose him and would like competitive elections instead of a plebiscite.
Richard Rodney Bennett, J's, 2581 Broadway between 97th and 98th Streets (666-3600).
Like Fendi, the fur company run by five sisters in Rome, and Missoni, the knitwear specialists in Sumirago, a small town not far from Milan, Ferragamo is a family enterprise.
Mr. Nunn and Senator Carl Levin, Democrat of Michigan, sponsored the amendment, which is backed by a majority of the Democratic-controlled Senate.
As always in his fiction, Stanley Elkin makes of his plot a stage to mount inspired gags, and on which to play his funky, bluesy language, whose comic effects depend on incongruous juxtapositions of the trivial and the grandiose, of the technical and the idiomatic, of Yiddish and the American vernacular.
''He would have done well in the Wild West on a medicine wagon.''
The dish is an ideal accompaniment for lamb chops lightly seasoned with curry powder.
He shows in his introduction that he understands the nature and magnitude of his author's achievement far more deeply than those scholars of the last generation but one who thought him merely charming.
The purchase order was for $800 worth of spare parts for a submarine.
As a result of Norway's stand on the issue, it appears unlikely that NATO foreign ministers will be able to announce the name of a new secretary general when they gather here on Dec. 11 and 12, according to several senior diplomats.
He said that the new courses give students the foundation they need to perfect their knowledge as practicing lawyers in everything from tax laws governing adoption expenses to the rights of grandparents to visit grandchildren following the parents' divorce.
Of more pressing concern to Hill was an injury to one of his starting forwards, Bill Cartwright, who left the game in the third quarter because of a sprained left ankle.
Howser, who was born in Miami on May 14, 1936, laid the groundwork for his professional career as a star shortstop at Florida State, where he was twice an all-America selection and set a school record with a .422 batting average as a sophomore in 1956.
Transit, the state transit agency; Amtrak, and the Long Island Rail Road are studying Penn Station, to see if its capacity can be increased.
''Such a step would undoubtedly result in considerable domestic criticism and perhaps a Congressional move to make such activity unlawful,'' the memo said.
''It's so much easier to give blind people material in recorded form.''
''When you're here, you know you're an inmate,'' Mr. Carter said.
The bill cleans up mistakes in last year's big tax reform law.
He went into the deli business, made some money.
New Issuing Activity In the corporate market, new issuing activity continued brisk with at least eight new issues totaling $975 million.
A dispute panel within the GATT ruled in favor of the American position four years ago, but the European Community exercised its rights under the GATT system to block final adoption of the finding.
But analysts credited temporary factors rather than any long-term strength in the building industry.
But they are big clients - the Fidelity Group of Funds in Boston and Fidelity International in Bermuda.
''He says he'll win,'' Lewis said.
As the two men were fighting, Mr. Zuckerman's golfing partner drove up, saw what was happening and began blowing his car's horn until the assailant fled.
Meeting With Japanese Leader Mr. Reagan's talks came during a day at the United Nations in New York, where he spoke to the General Assembly and met with allied foreign ministers.
''If your 6- or 7-year-old is having regular temper tantrums,'' she said, ''you should be concerned.''
They're paler now because of time's passage, or maybe it's the sunlight.
What if, instead of dying in 1824 at the age of 33, he had died at 83, like Degas, or at 86, like Monet?
Original portions of the Kudner-Hyatt House were built about 1735.
BBDO Chicago has acquired Cohen & Greenbaum, a Chicago shop with $24 million in billings, for an undisclosed amount.
SPRING is the best time to inspect chimneys and fireplaces.
He, with his partners, including his wife, Judy, has been analyzing the ''strivings and imaginings'' of the women's lives.
''Although AIDS is terrible and is completely changing the way all of us live, especially the gay community, the fact that someone is dying or has died of AIDS is not inherently dramatic.
The Government currently derives two-thirds of its income from coffee exports, which account for 95 percent of Uganda's export earnings.
Did they actively encourage the manipulation of hunger as a weapon against the rebels in conscious salute to Stalin's use of famine as a means of forcing the Ukraine to knuckle under in the 1930's?
Bankers see broader participation as necessary for survival.
This became painfully apparent during the first six months of 1987 as the Brazilian economy tumbled anew into crisis.
One wonders why The New York Times would not mention in this long article that the church had published a detailed list of its Hofmann acquisitions almost a year earlier.''
The fathers, with the fathers of the future on their shoulders, were again ready for the annual march - this time without ideological slogans.
If I wanted to convince people that I could faith-heal them, I'd have me a jet plane by now.
Resorts International class B shares climbed $19, to $121 a share, yesterday in trading on the American Stock Exchange.
Committee sources say the purpose of the hearing is not to re-ignite controversy or take potshots at Mr. Fried but rather to carry out a plan of Representative Peter W. Rodino Jr., Democrat of New Jersey, to explore the workings of all parts of the Justice Department.
When the best high-school cross-country runners in the nation gather for the Kinney National Championships Dec. 12 in San Diego, it will mark the second visit for Nnenna Lynch but the first for Ramon Espinosa.
''The Regard of Flight'' is difficult to describe because the craziness of clowning is as elusive in definition as the nuance of poetry is in translation.
In 10 establishments, at least one youth who told the reporter he or she was under 21 - and in some cases, more than one - was served.
One of them, Robert Motherwell, said the report made him ''more confident, less worried about them proceeding'' on restoring the Michelangelo frescos.
This book is the basis of a screening and talk by Dr. Sacks today about 20 victims of a sleeping sickness in the 1920's who were drugged, with L-dopa, into an awake state in the 1960's.
But it is not unusual for photographers to take pictures before or after such sessions.
Thus you give the impression that the ''911'' Emergency Medical Services crisis is over, when the lives of patients continue to be lost as a result of slow response times.
But that has not prevented the 19-year-old West German tennis star from becoming the center of a controversy that has cost him his position as goodwill ambassador for the United Nations Children's Fund.
Unlike the President, White House lawyers and the chief White House press spokesman, Marlin Fitzwater, have avoided taking a public position on whether the amendment applied to the National Security Council or staff.
Temperate Sil is now considered only a possibility for the Travers.
A married New Orleans businessman, in his 40's, said members of his after-work barroom group used to pick up women frequently at such gatherings.
With a chance to tie, Bill Wright of Temple missed a 42-yard field goal with 4:21 to play.
Tom Kite and Curtis Strange beat Sam Torrance and Howard Clark, 4 and 2.
Spokesman Is Encouraged ''We do feel encouraged that they talked to the bishops who know the Archbishop well, to the priests he works closely with, and his staff,'' said a spokesman for the Archdiocese, Russell Scearce.
More than a decade later, long after that marriage failed - he subsequently remarried - Gary Sutter is not certain he made the wrong choice about hockey.
Wendy's, 469 Flatbush Ave. (Empire Blvd.).
Or there is the calf's liver sauteed and served in a delicate cream sauce flavored with tarragon and Irish whisky, a prime example of Mrs. Allen's skill in finding novel uses for Irish ingredients.
Bridgewater, Conn. 450,000 Skyline Ridge 3-bedroom, 2-bath, 41-year-old ranch; inground pool, 3-car garage, 8.9 acres; taxes $2,696.
Revenues were $10.27 billion, up 7.7 percent from $9.54 billion in 1985.
The Resorts purchase, if not upset by a monopoly ruling, would include the Resorts International Casino Hotel, the Taj Mahal, Paradise Island Resort and Casino in the Bahamas, and a third of all the casino-zoned land in Atlantic City, plus additional land.
Everybody's living a better life.''
''We realized the United States seemed to be tilting away from our friends,'' he said.
''Moves'' remains one of Mr. Robbins's most complex creations.
The witness, Dominick Lofaro, who is 56 years old, also admitted, as part of a plea agreement with prosecutors from the Justice Department's Organized Crime Strike Force in Brooklyn, that he took part in two murders.
''A gun inside a jail is about as serious a breach of security as you can have,'' Mr. Kasanof said.
''We want our museum to reach out.''
The project, to be called Soundview Estates, is also to include 20,000 square feet of retail space, mainly for convenience stores.
But as long as casinos remain Atlantic City's attraction, and large sections of the city remain blighted, the pageant cannot help but seem a little out of place.
Cattle futures traders appear to believe packers will have to raise their bids for live animals later this week, according to Charlie Richardson, an analyst in Denver with Lind-Waldock.
The piece de resistance on this fine plinth is a head a good 18 inches long, in which the eyes sit like the fulcrum of a seesaw between the incomparable nose and the very ordinary rear of the cranium.
'Nothing to Do' in China During 16 weeks of filming this year, Mr. Bale shuttled from England to Spain to China for a production that was monumental even by Steven Spielberg's standards.
There are babies, born to addicted mothers, diagnosed, then abandoned to die.
The Dow closed at 1,776.53, its lowest since Oct. 19.
Justice John Carro of the State Supreme Court Appellate Division ordered the 32-year-old Mr. Coakley freed in his own recognizance from Green Haven Correctional Facility in Stormville.
They said Government spending for housing assistance has dropped 70 percent since 1981, a period when housing needs for poor and low-income families has increased dramatically.
Simon's newest recording, ''Graceland,'' received a Grammy as album of the year and has sold 2 million copies in the United States and 5 million worldwide.
If a tick is noticed on the body, it is as easy to remove as a spider unless it has had time to ''dig in,'' often causing a rash.
Gradually whisk in three-quarters of a cup of the morel oil or a bit more, depending on the acidity of the vinegar.
The rationale of the Zoning Board of Appeals was that the issue should be settled in the courts.
Ms. Oliveros comes from Texas, and after a couple of decades of wandering she finally returned for regular visits to her home state, starting nine years ago.
Even some of the company's top officers slip back and forth between standard and Pidgin ''to drive you crazy,'' he said.
''New York is somewhere in between those two states.''
asked Mr. Giroux, and Kerouac responded by yelling ''Whee!''
A tower addition has been completed beside a fine old bank building on Park Avenue South, and others have been proposed for the West Side YMCA on 63d Street and the former Towers Nursing Home at 106th Street and Central Park West.
Tudor hit run-scoring singles in the second and fourth innings to pace a 13-hit attack.
Pakistani leaders, meanwhile, acknowledge privately that Indian Sikhs do cross the border from the Indian state of Punjab and may be getting weapons in Pakistan.
The first in his trilogy was ''Modern Baptists.''
He observed that ''1979 marked the beginning of a concession era for unions, particularly in sectors of the economy that are not healthy.''
From time to time, orchestrating her travels between calculus tests and physics labs, Kate hits the road in search of it.
Dudley Williams was once more a model of impressive physical control and delicacy in the ''I Want to Be Ready'' solo.
The department's initial educational efforts were aimed at sexually active homosexuals and it led to the closing of several homosexual bath houses and nightclubs that the department said permitted unsafe sex.
''We certainly wouldn't be spending $225 million if we didn't think it was going to work,'' he said.
When, several months ago, Mrs. Gauthier took a blood test which can detect the possibility of mental retardation in the fetus, the couple discussed the possibility of abortion.
It speaks of ''slashed earnings'' and ''weakened prices,'' of the ''destruction'' of the domestic industry.
Heat, covered, for three minutes at 100 percent power.
A1 George P. Shultz is not a team player and is trying to shirk responsibility for the Iran arms deal, some White House officials said.
Our system depends, however, upon a Court capable of giving orders when necessary in defense of individual liberty.
(AP) Mayotte Gains: Tim Mayotte of the United States reached the semifinals of the Toulouse Open tournament in France, beating Claudio Mezzadri of Switzerland, 6-2, 6-1.
Like many elderly patients, all she has is her Social Security income and thus could never afford the care she receives.
also announced yesterday that its operating profit reached a new high in the second quarter of $93.8 million, in contrast with a $52.4 million operating loss in the period a year ago caused by a 10-week strike of flight attendants.
JUST a few weeks ago, Samuel Brownstein handed his publisher the manuscript for the 14th edition of one of his 10 books in print.
Elvis Patterson was a starting cornerback for the Giants until he was waived by the team last week following a season-opening loss to the Chicago Bears during which he was beaten on a 56-yard touchdown pass to Willie Gault.
That distress ultimately precipitated some changes in Mr. Wright's thinking.
Elaine Potwardoski and Anthony Green were married yesterday in the Constitution Pavillion on Independence Mall in Philadelphiaby Judge Lynne Abraham of the Common Pleas Court there.
It won't be like the world came out from under me.''
Arms Control the Centerpiece However, arms control remains the centerpiece of the summit meeting, and American officials are eagerly trying to interpret the often sketchy and confusing comments of Soviet officials.
Actually, the incoming speaker has three more New Yorkers in his Democratic ranks with little or no liguistic coloration of Brooklyn or the Bronx: Representatives Samuel S. Stratton of Schenectady, Matthew F. McHugh of Ithaca and John J. LaFalce of Tonawanda, plus three with only Long Island intonation: George J. Hochbrueckner and Thomas J. Downey of Suffolk County and Robert J. Mrazek of Nassau.
The women, called the practice ''an institutionalized form of slavery.''
b-Includes for the quarter a pre-tax provision of $9 million for expenses in connection with a decision by one of its subsidiaries to withdraw from the tissue heart valve business, and for the 9 months includes other income of $53.1 million which resulted from the settlement of a patent infringement judgment obtained by one of the company's subsidiaries.
The next three plays are to be announced.
But the project encountered delays and got caught in a shift of city housing policy.
Such a tone assumes the reader desires to be played with or lectured or both at the same time, as in Fay Weldon's pacifist allegory, ''The Shrapnel Academy.''
American Airlines yesterday gave up for now its attempt to roll back partly the airline industry's latest foray into deep discounts.
Even when Mr. Allen's taste for pop cultural anomalies seems cruel, as it sometimes does in that film, it is redeemed by the obvious sincerity of his affection.
Bosworth contended that he had taken steroids six months earlier on doctor's orders to help heal old injuries.
It's the only division without one, although there's a suspicion that there have been heavyweight champions who were naturally left-handed but did not fight that way.
For example, it lists as rights free education, decent housing and a fair wage, none of which has been attainable for the average Haitian in the past.
Even in the shower, the pieces of cardboard were never out of view.
On the other, most refuse to become Japanese citizens even though the opportunity exists.
Mr. Bourdain is survived by two sons, Anthony and Christopher, both of New York City.
And with his running, he helped Craig a lot today.''
He's no shrinking violet, either - on the floor coaching, or off the floor talking.
The region has several small airstrips and larger ones at Liberia, Upala and Los Chiles, as well as a once-secret landing field on the Pacific coast built for the contras with the help of American officials.
Sponsored by the Native New Yorkers' Historical Association.
Deep cuts in the pay of Eastern Air employees are said to be planned by Frank Lorenzo, chairman of Texas Air.
Mr. Metzenbaum, an Ohio Democrat, urged the Senate on Friday to reject the House provision.
What has bothered him most about ''A Season on the Brink'' is the depiction of his teaching without reference to his motives, his harshness without the reasoning behind it.
He found that, contrary to what one might expect, there were no secret chambers in the pyramid.
Arraigned in Bronx Criminal Court, Mr. Manigault was released after posting $5,000 bail and Mr. O'Donnell was held in $25,000 bail.
But all four economies share the need for a broad change in outlook.
The new Commissioner of Probation, James A. Payne, also said that the department would soon begin drug testing some probationers, that it was shopping for electronic equipment to monitor the whereabouts of probationers and that it planned to move most of its supervisory activities from courthouse offices into neighborhood storefronts.
The pop-up book offers scenes from ''King Kong,'' ''High Noon,'' ''Gone With the Wind,'' ''The Seven-Year Itch'' and ''Casablanca,'' the last with an electronic soundtrack playing .
Then quarrels and rivalries appeared to develop.
The special prosecutor is still to be heard from and the Congressional committees' report is coming in October.
A more polluted drizzle was falling on 48 screenwriters in the Ukraine writing screenplays about homeless people in New York City.
But those rascally Republicans chalked up three runs in the sixth and four more in the seventh, leaving them just one little tiny run behind.
The play of the ten would have been much more testing.
''They bought the entire company for the cost of one new semiconductor plant.''
Welton Gaddy, senior pastor at Mercer.
Until the 1960's, drug development was guided by empirical research, which relied on testing the effects of new drugs on animals and then on humans for their effects without understanding much about how they worked.
Mr. Hynes holds the title special prosecutor, but with responsibility for investigating all aspects of the New York City criminal-justice system.
By now, it is senseless for the Soviet regime to maintain a huge and costly internal propaganda machine whose products are believed by few.
The officials said the proposed joint indictment stemmed from a broader investigation by the Strike Force into links between political figures and people suspected of being involved in organized crime.
''We'll take them to court over the bathrooms,'' he assured the men.
After the 1976-77 season, in which his scoring average dropped to 17.4 points a game and the Knicks failed to make the playoffs for the second season in a row, Frazier was sent to Cleveland as compensation for the signing of Jim Cleamons.
A Chant for Palestine After circling the town, they gathered in the shuttered shopping district, held hands, and chanted, ''Long Live Palestine!''
I'm not able to give a professional opinion.''
Ms. Bramon, usually an expert at casting, has not found inspired players this time, though she has brought back a too-long-absent familiar face, Cecilia Hart, and unveiled a promising new one, Kathleen Wilhoite.
The advocate of caring and love recalls experiences during holidays past.
Combined with the new lower tax rates scheduled to take effect next year, ''it's basically not worthwhile to figure in tax savings anymore,'' said Robert J. Shalhoub, a partner in the New York City accounting firm of Shalhoub & Shalhoub.
c-Includes a $136,000 extraordinary loss.
Mr. Bush also indirectly criticized current and former Reagan Administration officials who have been accused of improprieties.
One of the best-mannered men who ever lived, he took care to raise his hat to every woman - be she duchess or housemaid - who crossed his path.
The chemical was used widely in Vietnam to destroy jungle plant cover that concealed enemy troop movements from the air.
Her jaw is monstrously swollen, and her right arm in bandages.
This fundamental weakness of political identity makes it difficult to predict whether South Korea has turned a political corner under Mr. Chun, or is destined after he leaves to recycle familiar patterns of turmoil and military suppression.
In this regard, Frank Carlucci has presented to me the suggestions developed by the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence for improving these procedures.
's ''Variations on an Unusually Simple-Minded Theme'' and a suite from ''The Civilian Barber.''
Indeed, Mayor Koch's adoption of the City Council's longtime top priority recognizes this need.
Although the final campaign spending figures could approach $10 million and set a record for a legislative election, state election officials predict a light turnout of about 46 percent of the state's 3.6 million registered voters.
I tried never using the word ''rape'' in any context.
Low temperatures, especially below 35 degrees, slow the formation of the concrete's crystalline structure, which gives it strength.
He found a modern-day black vinyl similar to the shiny cloth hoods of yore.
In New York, Macy's and Tiffany carried them.
Much more promising is a trio of vertical canvases that place small dark circular images at the center of a glowing gold field suggestive of brocade (but actually a blurred image of a church interior, it turns out).
On the monetary policy front, analysts doubt that the promise of deficit reductions in future years would prompt any quick easing in monetary policy and cuts in short-term rates.
''We are working women,'' she continued.
''Come to find out that the fellow had a couple of 13-year-olds working there, too,'' said Mr. Kelly.
Mr. Smeal said the Mayor's proposed budget allows for a 1 1/2 percent pay raise in each year of a two-year contract for the city's 250,000 employees.
I don't think all children, or all parents, are ready for full-time kindergarten.''
Now, with three of last year's five starting pitchers still disabled, they are chasing the St. Louis Cardinals in a desperate race against time.
Dennis Scott, a Tech freshman, scored 17 points, hitting three 3-point baskets in the first half.
Some lacy minidresses have separate organza overskirts, which can be tied on for greater formality.
In short, the article's argument is as familiar as it is false.
Gold rose in London to $467, from $460 late Thursday.
''I haven't made any offers to anybody.
Use shears or a cleaver, and construct aluminum-foil tips for them.
He says his name is Malcolm.
In Washington, Secretary of State George Shultz has reversed U.S. policy, which for almost 40 years has backed the closing of the files.
Why not a bipartisan national commission of authoritative persons charged with having ready for the President-elect in November 1988 a comprehensive response to the complex of major economic questions he or she will face?
At Sotheby's about 60 percent of the 65 vice presidents are women.
...You know, a couple of years ago Nancy and I were deeply moved by a story told by former New York Times reporter and Greek immigrant, Nicholas Gage.
b-Includes pretax gains on security transactions of $900,000 and $800,000 for the latest quarter and year-earlier period, respectively.
Their commercial value is not measured in the first-run grosses, but in their increasing profit margin over the years.
''The tragedy of the movies is that they have trashed their history,'' said Michael Webb, curator for the Smithsonian Traveling Exhibition on Hollywood.
Vietnamese families from all over the metropolitan region assembled for the Tet celebrations - lasting from noon until midnight - featuring karate, and traditional songs and dances.
''Now, instead of us going out to debate the Democrats on their foreign policy and our foreign policy, the debate will be on the inconsistencies of our foreign policy.''
Three died immediately, but three others, including a 13-year-old girl, were found alive.
''Radical measures will be taken in this particular area in accordance with decisions taken at the plenary session of the Central Committee,'' he said.
The new vent continues to exude about 650,000 cubic yards of lava a day, according to scientists.
Three-quarters of the increase Dr. Bane found occurred in four cities: New York, Chicago, Detroit and Philadelphia.
The travel company, Travel Eye Ltd., is owned by brothers, Atul and Virendra Patel.
The Islanders, winners in only one of their last six contests, are in need of a transfusion.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*AMRE INC (OTC) Qtr to April 30 1987 1986 Revenue 24,275,000 11,703,000 Net inc 1,396,000 180,000 Share earns .16 .02 Yr rev 77,955,000 40,328,000 Net inc 3,400,000 1,053,000 Share earns .43 .14 View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Both women have already been designated by the Democrats.
''They came to us, presented the numbers and said, 'We want to pay you back but let's look at this thing.'
''It's always like that,'' the choreographer says, sighing.
Two Areas of Scrutiny Bofors is under scrutiny for two things.
Steve Reich, the Guggenheim Museum, Fifth Avenue and 89th Street (360-3500).
Most homeowners say that a sense of humor and a hospitable disposition are their best defenses.
One thing she learned is that accidents happen, so when a call she had made to a friend who worked for Francis Ford Coppola was accidentally returned by the director's first assistant, she quickly said, ''Don't hang up,'' and talked her way into a job designing costumes for Mr. Coppola's film ''One From the Heart.''
For the first time, Goodwill has employed box watchers to catch dumpers.
''It looks like it was made for the Lippizaner horses,'' she said.
There are 52 million Roman Catholics in the United States, making it the country's largest single religious denomination.
He had won hundreds of races with claiming horses until he finally got the opportunity to saddle first-rate equines.
Frederick Elmes won the best cinematographer award for ''Blue Velvet.''
Among the 13 members were some with strange credentials.
I struggled to identify its source.
But perhaps more important, it has to do with a troubling issue in Christian theology: What is the role of Jews and Judaism 1,900 years after the coming of the Christian messiah?
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*LYDALL INC (AMEX) Qtr to June 30 1987 1986 Sales 33,763,000 28,487,000 Net inc 938,000 763,000 Share earns .34 .27 6mo sales 66,336,000 55,591,000 Net inc 1,532,000 1,205,000 Share earns .54 .41 View Full Article in Timesmachine »
In rock, recording may well precede performance.
The district attorneys, for their part, say the Legislature has not given them the tools they need, especially the changes in the state laws that Mr. Giuliani and others recommend.
We're looking for the American Ambassador's aide.''
It is an ethical dilemma and should be analyzed as we examine all cases in ethics.
Now colleges have health departments, which speaks to the role of health education in institutions.
He warned that ''the persistent search for agreement where the basis for agreement is elusive may irritate relations among nations that should be friends or, at least, allies.''
A thin smile has seemed often to play over his lips, an expression interpreted by some as a calculated sign of contempt for the court.
But when I roll my wheelchair out there, maybe the voters will think differently of me.
Inside the cocoon he cannot get that kind of information.
The blame for our most recent failure to reform education does not rest with politicians alone.
He had been invited to appear at the university in 1981, but the visit was not scheduled because of the assassination attempt on Mr. Reagan on March 30 of that year.
Mr. Sims wore Christmas lights that nearly electrocuted him one night as the audience cheered for more of this delightful spectacle of sparks and smoke.
The sheer mass of the material is expected to make instant disclosures unlikely.
Mr. McCarthy said that, after quitting her job, Miss Washington went to the women's apartments with her accomplice and used the codes to get the victims to unlock their doors.
Ms. Mensch said yesterday that she was upset by the assertions of racketeering and by the tourists she said she had heard near the market saying, ''Oooh, there's the Mafia, that's where they live.''
Back-office employment is growing in and around most major American cities - especially Boston, Chicago and Los Angeles.
The swimming pool has been empty and unusable for three summers.
Similar Thoughts ''Everybody is thinking, 'Hit a two-run homer,' '' said Righetti, who surely must have wanted one most of all.
''There are about 10 of us who go out almost every day,'' said Mr. Savino, 56, who is the director of manufacturing engineering department at the company, which produces scientific instruments and precision optics.
But he also commanded respect for his independent judgment, his increasingly wide knowledge (he was a fast learner) and his willingness to back a complete unknown like Soutine if the work appealed to him.
I smile, delighted, and as I start to answer, the elusive word appears, like a reward, in my brain: Le litige.
A Leader Under Fire: Smiles, Then Anger On one level, Mr. Gorbachev's seemingly relaxed informality - in contrast to previous Soviet leaders - struck many of the Americans he met.
She belongs on any list of top contemporary photojournalists with the likes of James Nachtwey, Sebastiao Salgado and David Burnett.
1 contender by Jan. 19, nine months after taking the crown.
''It's not the babies we're against,'' he said.
In his speech, Mr. Gorbachev endorsed collectivization as a ''transformation of fundamental importance'' while criticizing ''excesses'' in its execution.
SEATTLE (AL) - Signed Ken Griffey Jr., outfielder.
''If you look at the seasonal patterns, in January and February there's always a drawdown in stocks,'' said Christopher Dyson, an author of the study, ''and when the drawdowns begin, there have always been above 150 million barrels.''
A fresh-faced, well-dressed young audience, mostly in their 20's and early 30's, lapped up the comedians' remarks on international politics, safe sex and celebrities.
In addition to St. Clare's, eight municipal hospitals have applied for designation as AIDS centers.
Taxpayers have been forced to assume the total support of a 100-ship nontrading naval auxiliary fleet in place of a commercially active, privately owned, merchant marine.
However, economists do not agree on how cutting these rates will affect the overall economy, and particularly how such cuts affect revenue.
Medicare, the health insurance program for 31 million elderly and disabled people, accounts for about 40 percent of the revenue hospitals get from treating patients.
This situation is particularly ironic because many of these people are seeking political asylum.
The members of his Bucket Dance Theater have since become celebrated.
In his spirited introduction, Frank Conroy addresses the issue of a creeping philistinism in contemporary literary culture that has begun to drive even prominent authors into relatively obscure publications.
They average a 13-month stay, with a hotel bill totaling more than $20,000.
crown again, and yesterday's victory was a nice first step.
Nor are they likely to; CBS and the producers have been unusually solicitous to veterans, seeking their advice, arranging special screenings, encouraging their support.
The plan was offered by Senator John Melcher, a Montana Democrat, who said sharing the costs with the European allies and Japan, major users of gulf oil, is ''just good common sense.''
''We have to be dependent on a more diverse array of domestic sources and more energy efficiency.''
On Wednesday, the group was received by Mikhail S. Gorbachev, the Soviet leader.
I move less burdened by the weight of self - the self I had opted to journey with.
He became a crusader against tar and nicotine.
The nonprofit group purchased a nursing home at 2751 Grand Concourse and East 196th Street for $100,000 last October with plans to renovate it and open a shelter for 40 homeless families.
White was willing to give back the gambit pawn as long as he could quell the Black attack and keep the bishop pair for the ending in the game between the grandmaster Aleksandr Belyavsky and Vladimir Malaniuk, an international master, in the 54th Soviet Championship in Minsk.
Someone else was prowling nearby.
All three candidates have pledged to help farmers pay off debts that have grown alarmingly in recent years.
Similar tax benefits are already available for life insurance and for the usual types of health insurance covering hospital and physician services.
But they indicated that the Administration wanted to prevent any major clash with an important ally.
Much of the imitative writing is cleverly done and there are constant allusions to dancing, for example the tango setting of the ''The Sandman.''
Although this occurred only in one narrow band of the radio spectrum, he said, it effectively confused the plane's electronic systems.
At the moment, the only passionate cries of sympathy for the estimated 7,500 detainees imprisoned around the country who now may face deporation under a new aggreement reached by Havana and Washington, came from their families.
The memo, written by Colonel North with notations added by the admiral, was intended as a basis for briefing the President prior to a meeting last September with Shimon Peres, then the Prime Minister of Israel.
Ducksworth, a quarterback at Southern Mississippi, was the No.
''I just want to get this thing over with.
This is not to deny the technical superiority of many current designs over older ones.
Titles such as ''Hard Times for an Honest Man,'' ''Down and Out in Paradise,'' ''We Are the People'' and ''The Real Life'' reflect a continuing interest in America's troubled countryside.
''There's a a gap between the guys who can actually write a story and someone who can visualize it, and that's a big gap because even the directors who write, like Woody Allen and Bergman, are very much bound up in the conventions of the stage.''
What Sonya Bradley did not mention was that over 17 percent of all handicapped students in New York State reside in the Nassau-Suffolk area.
When purchases are rung up, the consumer's credit-card-sized saver is run through an electronic device that records the number of stamps earned.
State Senate and Assembly leaders have rejected the Governor's plan and also the data that it is based on, drafting their own radically different proposals that call for larger and earlier tax cuts.
'Loads of Fresh Cash' He added that ''people can argue about the economic outlook all they want,'' but the fact is that ''loads of fresh cash'' - from mutual funds and pension funds and from overseas investors - ''flood the market every day.''
The Bandits would leave the league at the end of the season, but the U.S.F.L.
Miss Craig said she still agreed with some of the tenets of the religion.
The official, who has been closely involved in preparations for the Government's suit, added, ''It will render it much more difficult and politically unpalatable to bring an action against the teamsters when they are under the A.F.L.-C.I.O.
He prevented 18 consecutive hitters from reaching first base from the first inning into the seventh, including eight straight strikeouts.
Of the 750,000 actively working people with Ph.D.'s in the United States, about 43 percent are employed outside higher education, up from about 35 percent in the early 1970's.
They called it off because of terrorism and Chernobyl.
Ms. Brown regards the score's alternations of sounds and silences as parallels to the decor's alternations of filled and empty space.
It also uncovered evidence suggesting that the brother of Amitabh Bachchan, Mr. Gandhi's friend and a movie star, had violated foreign currency regulations.
The houses would have three bedrooms and one and a half baths.
Mr. Sigler has been a vociferous critic of takeovers financed by high-yielding, low-rated bonds.
Here is a look at them and at some of the figures expected to play key roles in them.
They have since returned to Petaluma - ''Mushroom King in exile'' as Mr. Soldner calls it - but the little farm slid into bankruptcy court not too far behind Mushroom King.
Espresso cups that two days ago had the same logo were replaced with regular coffee cups.
b-Reflects costs associated with a merger agreement with G Acquisition Corp.
Was the nation's initial response to the AIDS epidemic a remarkable triumph of modern science?
A New York City police officer was accidentally grazed in the head by a shot fired by a fellow officer who was aiming at a pit bull yesterday in the Washington Heights section of Manhattan, the police said.
FREDERICK EDWORDS Executive Director American Humanist Association Amherst, N.Y., March 6, 1987
Damage at the Inter-Continental, which was built with anti-seismic techniques, was not serious.
The fact that some people say there are doubts doesn't mean we have doubts.''
The school's administration maintains that, by distributing ethics throughout required core courses in the first year, Harvard is serving notice that it recognizes the importance of ethics in business.
''Social Security benefits are gradually being reduced,'' said Dr. Honig of Hunter College, ''so retirement jobs will be increasingly attractive, and older people are healthier than they used to be.''
''I'm very shy,'' the 16-year-old insisted.
- only whispered at the cocktail parties of the 60's - today is boffo in the board room or at the banquet.
A Growing Empire A Canadian company, Cineplex Odeon, is making significant inroads into the movie theater business in the United States.
''We felt that by giving up the original R-5 zone we were letting the developer enrich himself,'' Mr. Berger said, ''and because of that, he should give something back in return.''
The merger's success, however, will depend on integrating Borland's unconventional ''Hawaiian shirt'' corporate culture with Ansa's more traditional ''pinstripe suit'' culture.
Those who refuse a breath test automatically lose their licenses for a year.
There was no middle G. Others sang with the visitor playing, some solo, some ensemble.
The launching Sept. 15 caused mixed feelings for him.
In addition, there is a legislative record that exists for the years 1806 to 1851, but it is only in manuscript form, so we are trying to publish it.
Eventually, his father got into the oilfield supply business, and the family spent Mr. Rudman's youth living in a series of Oklahoma oil towns, alighting over the years in such places as Drumright, Okmulgee, Okemah and Henrietta.
Dreams won't pay the rent.
These experts point out that the Iranians have not abandoned their ultimate goal of overthrowing the Government of President Saddam Hussein.
After another miss by Jones, Donovan hit a jumper to make it 86-79.
The nation's inflation rate this year is about 1 percent.
A raft trip from Punakha to Thimphu is one of the highlights of a regularly scheduled eight-day tour offered year round except in April and October and during the week of the Paro Festival.
Mr. Borowsky said agents arrested John Rios, of 234 Troutman Street, in the Bushwick section, whom he described as a ''powerful figure in cockfighting circles.''
I got into a funny Zen state.
And he says, ''I don't really want to.''
However, I am in a quandary as to whom I find more stupid - strikebreakers who think that their scabbing will be objectionable to the strikers, or strikers who waste eggs in a world where millions are hungry.
Officer and Charles L. Drake of Dartmouth College, said they were not ready to concede defeat.
But later, economists focused more on the fact that the G.N.P.
All paid handsome tribute to his work as the first Ambassador at Large for Unicef, the United Nations Fund for Children, which spends over $400 million a year, all of it raised voluntarilly, on helping deprived children throughout the world.
Designed by the architectural firms of Kohn Pedersen Fox Associates and Schuman Lichtenstein Claman & Efron, the building will be sheathed in limestone with granite and bronze accents.
According to the Federal Election Commission, the average House challenger is able to raise and spend less than $150,000.
Ms. Woolner chooses flowers she feels express the personalities of her clients.
''They were simply raising cash.
Greyhound argues that one profitable company would serve travellers better than two struggling ones.
Art galleries specializing in photography, like The Witkin Gallery in New York City, also are likely sources for picture books.
But what has made the Paris mysteries so entertaining are the show business asides, told with wry humor.
Following are excerpts from President Reagan's speech yesterday to the American Newspaper Publishers Association, as recorded by The Associated Press: ... Much has been achieved since 1981.
Minus '2-Hour Horror Show' ''We foresee our having two to four more flights here in the next two or three years,'' said Gerard Murello, customer service manager for USAir, the largest carrier at MacArthur.
We will obey the spirit of the law.
We had overpowered the rebels, only to have them replaced by a squadron of leaking faucets.
After almost a decade of renting, we finally signed on the dotted line and obtained that wonder of wonders: a deed.
Also, Keogh plans must be set up by Dec. 31, although contributions may be made as late as the extended due date of the return.
In one case last fall, the police said, the former aide, Kirosky Sutton, 24 years old, of Hempstead, L.I., forced a male patient to kiss and lick Mr. Sutton's feet and then eat the rind and pulp of an orange that had already been partly eaten by Mr. Sutton.
Learning From Other Countries Ira Kurzban, a Miami immigration attorney and president-elect of the American Immigration Lawyers Association, said studies in other countries had shown that advance notice and education were key factors in the number of aliens who applied for legalization.
A. J. Foyt, Al Unser and Danny Sullivan finished fourth in a Porsche owned by Foyt.
''Fun is the big word in the post-Memphis world and I think that is a bit annoying,'' he added, referring to the witty, colorful designs by the Italian avant-garde group known as Memphis.
Also included are information on architectural styles and a vocabulary list, so those using the materials will know finials are decorative pieces atop gables or towers, for example, and that gables, or pointed roof shapes, are characteristic of Gothic Revival buildings.
But in case Paul Klee himself should seem to be hiding behind his art, too shy to take a bow, here is a last glimpse of him in life.
Mr. Gersh, who has been married twice and has four children, decided to go into business.
The legislation, which took effect in early June, was drafted and adopted while a ''powerfully armed elite'' was threatening ''to eliminate the country's democratic process and to return to the brutal practices of the past,'' the New York-based group said.
''Rosenkrantz and Guildenstern will have a 'Miami Vice' look,'' said the company public-relations representative, Howard Sherman, ''or something equally trendy that young men are wearing today.''
Time will decide among ties.
The panel's deputy chairman, Sir Robert Craigie of Britain, commented: ''It was characteristic of the Germans as a whole that they do box the ears of young people at slight provocation.
Under Study, Pentagon Says Mr. Kennedy and Mr. Cohen said that after more than seven months the post has not been filled.
Arrival Went Unnoticed The arrival, at about the same time, of a plane from Vienna that carried a newly freed Soviet Jewish activist, Yuli Edelshtein, apparently helped to divert attention from the Russians' arrival.
Frank Sinatra, as tricky a companion as there ever was, reaches right into American history as the soundtrack for our fitful travels.
''Tragically, at times this forceful personality gets in the way of his brilliance,'' said Thomas Donilon, who was a senior adviser to the Biden campaign.
Mostly Better-Paid Salomon said that from now on it would concentrate on businesses with high profit margins, such as investment banking, where it already deals in mergers and acquisitions.
New York: W. W. Norton & Company.
The board's proposal, which is intended to bring some order to the often-chaotic S.&P.
Linda Martin's article is an affront to Great Neckers like myself who have lived in the community for 25 years and have witnessed the whining, masochistic stereotyping of Great Neck residents by Great Neck residents.
They comprise individual landmarks, landmark interiors, scenic landmarks and all buildings in historic districts.
It also said it doubted the five-member regulatory commission was properly organized to deal with the issue.
Many officials look upon an arms agreement as Mr. Reagan's best chance of registering a significant accomplishment during his final 18 months in office.
Economists complain that political issues are a convenient distraction for leaders who find economic matters too tough to confront.
Women seem to be naturally more supple than men.
''I want to see us living in an atmosphere free from suspicion and disinformation,'' Mr. Zolotarevsky said gravely.
On the Democratic side, Senator Albert Gore Jr. had the support of only one person at the beginning of the debate, but 12 rated him the winner of the Democratic encounter after it was over.
The market today is much more efficient than it was prior to all the high technology.
But Westinghouse rebuffed the protesters' proposal that the company establish an ethical-review process on defense contracts, and the activists have continued passing out their leaflets at the company's headquarters.
Bond, who began working for the Nassau County Executive, Ralph Caso, in the mid-1970's, shortly after graduating from Fordham University, later served as press secretary to Representative Bill Green, Republican of Manhattan.
- the Colliers Mills Wildlife Refuge - suggests the misplaced concerns of public outrage, Mr. Bennett said.
''I'm just a country boy.
Total car sales, as a result, were off 3.9 percent.
''There could be some disorder in the oil market for 30 or 45 days that might provide some encouragement to the bond market,'' said James L. Cochran, senior vice president at the Texas Commerce Bank.
But it subverts the nobility that provides its much-needed foil.
In the case of Albania, which rejects any contact with either superpower, and some other governments that the United States does not recognize - for example, North Korea, Vietnam, Cambodia and Angola - no formal relations are conducted through third countries.
A Rebound Was Expected Analysts said that a rebound after the stock market's dismal performance last week - the Dow lost 143.74 points - was to be expected and might prove to be short-lived because many investors are reluctant to get involved in a market that is facing, with some trepidation, a Thursday report on the nation's merchandise trade balance.
Mr. Bailey works for the Transtar Satellite Network, one of a growing number of companies that provide 24-hour music programming by satellite to affiliate stations throughout the country.
She grew up on the other side of Raquette Lake, where there are no roads.
#20,000 Lose Homes Government officials said that 75,000 residents in the region desperately needed aid and that 20,000 had lost their homes.
Above all, reconciliation requires generosity and an easing of traditional bureaucratic niggling and administrative pettiness.
Rattling pages, occasionally losing her place, tossing funny parenthetical remarks at the packed rows of the auditorium, Miss McCarthy read on with obvious relish in her mellow alto voice.
In the 71st lap, Mansell had to stop after a nut flew off his car's right wheel.
The size of the game boards must be no more than two feet square.
However, the guild's only solutions appear to be raising the consciousness of the producers and creating more entry-level programs.
The company also recorded a one-time charge against earnings of $5.2 million during last year's quarter after Tandy spun off its international retail business to stockholders.
He says, confidentially, that it is possible to dislike Ms. Redgrave for herself.
The need to rebuild welfare is plain to right and left, so plain that the prospects for change are good.
The National Security Council's duty officers' station, which is adjacent to the White House Situation Room, has one.
He now lives in upstate New York and owns a company specializing in motivation.
Late last month, by far the largest new issue reaching the market was the $250 million High Income Advantage Trust, a closed-end investment company, with Dean Witter Reynolds leading the syndicate.
When I get up enough courage, I will probably put away the old egg beater because I haven't used it in years.
Between last Oct. 1, when the 1987 tax year began, and March, the deficit totaled $121.93 billion, down from $136.34 billion in the comparable first half of the fiscal year 1986.
He is sequestered here writing a novel, of which he said, ''It makes me curious to see how it will end.''
Friday night, during a demonstration that was threatening to turn nasty near the capital's ancient East Gate, a young man approached American reporters.
The bride is a granddaughter of Mrs. William L. Fort of Manalapan, Fla., and the late William P.T.
The Giants will play the Denver Broncos Sunday in Super Bowl XXI in the Rose Bowl in nearby Pasadena.
Crack is just not fun.
Of 10 seafood dishes, the best was sea scallops Madagascar, poached and served in a creamy sauce livened with Pernod and tangy peppercorns.
Covering five acres, the garden is divided into three parts.
The project has been delayed by community opposition, difficulties in obtaining financing and trouble in getting necessary city approvals.
This is no Renaissance palace, but it is no cheap paste-on job, either.
''The Key to Songs,'' scored for two pianos, viola, cello, marimba, xylophone, vibraphone and the Yamaha Computer Assisted Music System, is ''an imaginary ballet'' inspired by Max Ernst's 1933 set of surrealist collages, ''A Week of Kindness, or Seven Deadly Elements,'' and based, in part, on quotes from a pair of Schubert lieder, ''Wohin'' and ''Erlkonig.''
STEWART SCHWARTZ Certified Social Worker Lawrence
''Anyone passing by that building would see that it is maintained in a way that is exemplary,'' Mr. Norman said.
So the chant from the crowd last night was, predictably, ''We hate Zezel.''
They were more than thoughts, they were the presence of this woman whom she resolved to kill.
A QUICK QUIZ IN GEOGRAPHY How much geography do you know?
The Brooklyn-Battery Tunnel also had less traffic than last year, he said.
At such a point, threatening to cut off aid to Pakistan promises to be a luxury we can no longer afford.
He also said that he had thought he had paid off all of his loans from college and law school several years ago, and that he had been surprised to learn in May that he still owed $7,500 that had been lent to him while he was at the New York University School of Law.
Then, in a couple of decades, Arabs might constitute half the population of the country, leaving Israel with the choice of becoming a binational state or an undemocratic one, in which Arabs exist without a voice.
The flats are a buffer between a sewage plant and the Sound.
I knew it was over because in the summer, other teams aren't looking for players like me.
Excess foam can be trimmed away later, but to avoid waste and unnecessary work, as well as poor results and the danger of marring neighboring surfaces, you should acquire the knack of applying the foam sparingly while drawing the tube at appropriate speed along the area to be filled.
Instead, one may order a soft drink like the country's excellent Apfelsaft (apple juice), for about $1.50.
The school-by-school breakdown, mandated by the City Decentralization Law, was released in a 49-page report that included seven statistical tables.
Donnell Library Center, 20 West 53d Street.
Among the questions raised by the new version, if true, is why Mr. Sandiford did not know that Mr. Griffith had turned off 156th Street a half-dozen blocks before Mr. Sandiford was attacked on the extension of that street and how Mr. Sandiford could have described Mr. Griffith's movements at that point when he was no longer near Mr. Griffith.
''Each one will be different, but there will be more.''
The custom-made creations, which get so large they must be draped over a shoulder, come equipped with lights, tiny music boxes, floor-length streamers and bells as well as flowers, and cost up to $200, with the average ranging from $60 to $75.
The tasting begins a monthlong promotion of New York State wines in Brooklyn restaurants.
Easing Tensions The dispute, and its resolution by school administrators and students, is being relived in a play, ''A Lifting of Hands,'' staged this week at John Dewey to help students deal with racial tension before the start of summer.
During the off season Lotus contracted to use Honda engines in its cars and Honda officials decided it suited their purposes to have a Japanese driver rather than a titled head on the team.
Five months later her father died of cancer.
The same ground rules apply to the Pleasantville Cantata Singers' evenings at the Pleasantville Library, except that they start at 8:15 P.M. on consecutive Wednesdays, beginning July 1.
(an utterance that unfailingly makes one gasp), she and Mitch strike a stance, lock arms and look at the audience as if at the end of an operetta duet.
The team is awaiting final approval of the experiments from the Food and Drug Administration.
Libya Turns to Foreigners Indeed, one week after Colonel Qaddafi announced that the war was over, Walid Jumblat, leader of the Druse in Lebanon, dispatched 800 militiamen who had contracted to fight with Colonel Qaddafi's forces against Chad.
* * * Car and home radios capable of reproducing the newly expanded AM signals, which adhere to a voluntary standard called NRSC, for the National Radio Systems Committee that devised and promoted it, were on display for the first time here this week at the annual meeting of the National Association of Broadcasters.
As Dr. Ashcroft put it, it demonstrated that ''you can do major, major physics with relatively few resources.''
One unusual aspect of the case, according to Frederick Miller, executive director of the Clients' Security Fund, was Mr. Katz's cooperation in trying to make restitution to the fund.
''Honest to God,'' she says, ''I can't walk on water.''
We must ask the ''what if'' questions about sample or report mishandling and seek confirmation that the chain of custody, as it is called in quality assurance parlance, is secure and subject to constant, professional management.
station chief, who went by the name of Tomas Castillo, was considered to be the man really in charge of the United States Embassy and responsible for a far-flung range of activities.
The visit to Poland, Bush aides said, grew out of a 1983 trip by Mr. Bush to several Eastern bloc countries.
Assuredly Mr. Davis and the New York Philharmonic played it brilliantly, but at the prospect this listener fled.
You're gonna have injuries; you just don't want to have major ones.''
The oil shock of 1973 is often called the turning point when world economic growth started to slow.
These are not mere cavils.
Redefining that will be an important part of the review of policies pertaining to women, he said.
He's his own worst enemy.
''It's an enormously important speech, a major political development, and to dismiss it because it was not a full expose of the past is to miss the point,'' said Stephen F. Cohen, a political scientist at Princeton University.
(A half-serious suggestion to name them Bonnie and Clyde was dismissed by their mother without so much as a snicker.)
In the first Administration six of high rank were indicted on criminal charges, and 25 were fired, resigned or had their nominations withdrawn under fire.
But Rosewood, which holds 19.7 percent of Phillips's shares, cautioned that no decisions had been reached.
Echoing the company's statement, he said, ''We still expect that the current negotiations will result in a mutual agreement shortly and that production in Israel for the foreseeable future will be assured.''
Prosecutors said Mr. Castellano had been cooperating with them for several weeks.
To the Editor: Japan has been the target of American fury over the Toshiba Machine Company's sale of technology that allows the Soviet Union to build quieter submarines (news story, July 17).
Yes, this is the anniversary year, the anniversary of Holmes's first appearance in print in Mrs. Beeton's Christmas Annual, a cheap paperback.
* Panic selling hit the peso after Mexico's central bank quit propping up the currency's price.
His previous marriage ended in divorce.
The most solid example of just how much this coach and this team mean to one another came just before and during the traditional net-cutting ceremony.
It is expected to receive approval from Governor Cuomo, who sponsored it as part of his legislative program.
Officer Waring was suspended from duty, without pay, on Tuesday, a day before his arrest on the bribery charge.
15 1 DEEP LIE, by Stuart Woods.
John Ashcroft of Missouri, a Republican who has asked his Legislature to adopt the work requirement without any change in Federal law.
We regret that because of the large volume of mail received, we are unable to acknowledge or to return unpublished letters.
But it progresses to something even sadder, with a brief coda that is genuinely bizarre.
The new rules specify in detail the documents that must be presented in applying for a job.
He liked Epstein, and liked that in him.
Much of the cross-examination by Mr. Rappaport concerned Mr. Podolsky's indictment and his guilty plea in a case in which he was accused of terrorizing tenants in a building he owned in Manhattan to get them to leave.
Le Pen himself, with some retrospective satisfaction, says of that period, ''We had two part-time secretaries and a little Paris headquarters.''
House Beautiful dropped to 856 pages of advertising last year from 972 in 1985, while ad revenues as estimated by the Publishers Information Bureau were $22.6 million, down from $24.2 million in 1985.
Toshiba's aim is to block a temporary ban proposed by the Senate on its imports to the United States.
B1 Legislators face unresolved issues as they press to close the 1987 session of the New York State Legislature by the end of the week.
The vote was 94 to 1.
''We're going to look forward to next year,'' Ms. Kleiman said.
* Dow Chemical, because it is a major blue-chip worldwide chemical manufacturer with expected strong earnings in relation to its current market price.
Jets (2-1) at Indianapolis (1-2) (Channel 4, 1 P.M.) - The Jets are headed for internal troubles when the strike is over.
Realism in landscape painting came to Spain by way of the Belgian-born Carlos de Haes, whose work occupies almost a full room in the museum.
''Due to the large number of tourists,'' one guidebook says, ''con men abound.''
He has been a teammate of Brett's for 14 years.
Mr. Clark who was national security adviser from 1982 to 1983, confirmed sections of the letter that were quoted in Wednesday's edition of The Washington Post.
Congressional officials familiar with intelligence activities said today that they were baffled by Mr. Durenberger's comments, and said they had heard of no recruitment of spies in Israel.
Workers roared their approval as speaker after speaker lauded the agreement.
President Daniel Ortega Saavedra said tonight that the Nicaraguan Government is declaring a one-month unilateral cease-fire in certain parts of northern Nicaragua in its war against the contras.
An Off-Broadway 'Flora' ''Flora, the Red Menace,'' ran on Broadway for two months in 1965.
On the 33d and 34th floors, the doors leading to the apartments of the seven people who died in a fire there last month stand burned beyond use.
It will blow you to Hell,'' and it was signed, ''Army Munitions Expert.''
(Mr. Reagan could even claim, rightly or wrongly, that it was pressure from the contras that brought the Sandinistas around.)
Sella has lots of friends in the air force.''
The fragility of his touch and the cerebrality of his approach seem lost in his heavy slashing strokes of oil paint; and no one seems less likely than Mr. Bochner to take painting on a ''rampage,'' as one recent canvas is titled.
The land was a major part of the site once occupied by the Knickerbocker Hospital, which later became the Logan Hospital.
* LTV Steel Co., Cleveland, a subsidiary of the LTV Corp. that produces flat rolled steel products, said it had been selected by Toyota Manufacturing U.S.A. as a supplier of sheet steel to its new manufacturing plant in Georgetown, Ky. * Zenith Electronics Corp., Glenview, Ill., said it had signed an agreement for Businessland Inc. to carry its laptop personal computers, which includes Zenith Data Systems' Z181 and Z-183 portable laptop units.
A special prosecutor is investigating allegations of a ''system'' of ticket-fixing in the Queens traffic court that led to the arrest of a New York City police officer and another man on perjury charges late Wednesday, law enforcement officials said yesterday.
Retaliation Threatened Indeed, Washington has threatened retaliation against Airbus and its sponsoring Governments - threats that some fear could weaken the Atlantic alliance if carried out.
Part of the film was made in Canadian studios; the exteriors were shot in Wales, not in Thomas's southern city of Swansea but in the north-central town of Montgomery.
A graduate in piano of the Vienna Acadmy of Music, he composes much of the music for his films.
But in the 50's and 60's the rate of poverty among seniors greatly exceeded that among the rest of the population.
PIANO MUSIC IN MAINE Eugene Istomin, the Manhattan-born pianist who has given more than 3,000 concerts with the world's leading symphony orchestras, will perform at 3 P.M. today at the University of Maine Center for the Arts as part of its second season of performances.
At one point we passed a pair of foreign tourists, a couple walking purposely hand-in-hand, as though setting out to explore the city.
Her mother, Priscilla Hunt, is a vice president of the Traveler's Aid Society of Boston and a trustee of Oberlin College and of the American Repertory Theater in Boston.
A Safe Assumption It seemed safe to assume, even before the ballots were counted, that Mr. Mubarak won a second six-year term of office today.
Formation of the new commission was recommended in the final report of the State-City Commission on Integrity in Government, which was chaired by the president of Columbia University, Michael I. Sovern.
There was a large offering of Fireman's Fund stock last May 9, when the manipulation took place.
Revolution Books: Books in English, French and Spanish, on revolutions in Africa, China and the Caribbean.
''The difference is that we generate things we would like to see done,'' Ms. Holst said, ''rather than reacting to material that's already there.''
#56 Favor Women as Priests On several issues specific to their faith, American Catholics dissent from Rome in large numbers.
There is no better job.
They enjoyed houses in the country because they wanted them, not because they had created unbearable living conditions in the city from which they had to escape.
The National League rule provides for only a 10-mile territorial radius from the boundary of the city in which a National League franchise plays, but Lyndhurst is clearly within 10 miles of New York, home of the Mets We have been asked to have faith in the sports authority officials, who assure us they can get around this seemingly insurmountable problem.
I think that successful formula writing involves some kind of belief in the material, and I lack that belief.
GoodMark Foods Inc. of Raleigh, N.C., said last quarter's sales of its meat snacks, including its popular Slim Jim meat sticks, increased about 20 percent, to about $18.5 million, compared with the same quarter the year before.
Curtain time is 8 o'clock tonight at the company's theater in the Good Shepherd-Faith Presbyterian Church, 152 West 66th Street.
''Cars will pass on the way up a hill, pull over and then take pictures and watch as we come up,'' Dudley said as onlookers, taking advantage of an hydraulic lift provided by the truck stop, took turns riding up to get a look at the boat's deck.
Thirty seconds was needed to examine a single item of luggage or cargo.
And that, Mr. Sanders said, makes those institutions a logical target.
''There is a strong case that even the broad interpretation would not permit the testing and development of the system that Weinberger has chosen for early deployment,'' Mr. Nunn said.
Carl would make jokes to lighten the event, such as reciting dialogue from the scene in ''The Wizard of Oz'' where Dorothy wakes up in Kansas.
On medical readiness, Mr. Webb said the Navy had serious problems.
They also said 3 men were killed in the attack, not 5.
Even so, Hart is now telling us at the beginning of the Presidential election of 1988 that we should study his ideas and forget his judgment, and the surprising thing is that this rubbish has brought him to the top of the Democratic popularity polls.
However, the cell processes that rely on oxygen slow in the cold.
At first, she rather misjudged the reverberant acoustics of Weill Hall, and her fortes were painfully loud; they were more subdued thereafter.
Nonetheless, I am confident that whatever emerges from the House-Senate conference will be forceful legislation.
They included the Golden Knights, the Army parachute team based at Fort Bragg, N.C., and the Blue Angels, the Navy's precision-flying unit, based at Pensacola, Fla.
House Reportedly Rented The Soviet diplomats are staying at a hotel in Tel Aviv, but have reportedly rented a house in Ramat Gan, a suburb, that is to serve as their base.
Small and peaceful, more sentimental than menacing, the gathering was nonetheless an unsettling reminder that calls for ''glasnost'' and democratization, and Mr. Gorbachev's anti-Stalinist campaign, are raising some expectations that Soviet authorities cannot easily satisfy.
Lansford hit Phil Niekro's first pitch for a homer.
It would mean -so they say - the end of commercial recording, the end of the ethical concept of copyright, and bankruptcy for record companies.
There she lived from 1950 to her death in 1981.
But if it was bad, why are all the nursing homes filled and more people from that era living into their 80's?
A couple of hours later, Walt Terrell pitched a complete-game victory over the Seattle Mariners, limiting them to two runs.
8 2 STRANGERS FROM THE SKY, by Margaret Wander Bonanno.
But his was a singular honor because he was one of the highest-ranked senior basketball players in the country, and he had the clippings to prove it.
As a latter-day Malthusian, who believes that runaway population growth will lead to misery and ruin, Dr. Hardin was arguing that the gifts of food to famine-wracked Ethiopia probably did more harm than good.
Terry Waite, an Anglican Church envoy who tried to negotiate the release of hostages, is also believed to be one himself.
A cook and maid can also be arranged.
Mr. Calusdian, for example, made some fascinating connections between Central European string tradition and the blues of the New World.
The refined shapes of Nicholas Bernard's ceramics are the result of 15 years of experience, yet he is only 28 years old.
In the Bronx: The United States Attorney in Manhattan, Rudolph W. Giuliani, is cooperating with the Bronx District Attorney, Mario Merola, in an inquiry into allegations of political abuse.
Deans at the most prestigious schools insist that they have not seen any evidence of a decline in the quality of students, although some have seen a serious dip in the number of applicants.
* Towle Manufacturing Co., Boston, a maker of sterling silver flatware and hollow ware, said First Republic Corp. had taken control of it, allowing the company to emerge from Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings.
In ''Boban,'' there is a sense that in the dead of night the arms and legs of a magical throne have turned into limbs and begun to march about on a mission of instruction and vengeance.
Tyson, who is the World Boxing Council-W.B.A.
Ms. Gillette, an account executive at Ogilvy & Mather, an advertising agency in New York, graduated from the Riverdale Country School and the University of Colorado.
ROBERT C. BELL JR. New Canaan, Conn., July 2, 1987
In 1985, by which time T. F. Andrew sales had exceeded $1 million, Mr. Fahey left General Foods.
Lidia's Place, 79-14 Roosevelt Ave. Water-supply hose in basement lacking equipment to prevent formation of a vacuum in the hose, no food-protection certificate posted.
Gen. John A. Wickham Jr., the Army Chief of Staff and a 1950 West Point graduate, addressed the academy's 189th graduating class of 903 men and 114 women.
The victims had both been in her care.
The national savings from even a nickel drop can quickly add up.
The Dent in Dealer Repairs Car dealers, already facing hard times on the sales floor, are losing auto-service customers, too.
Ms. Kruger may be both reformer and comedian, philosopher and stand-up comic, but in her best work her anger is clear.
Part of Gorbachev Effort The organization, called the Soviet Union of Theater Workers, was formed last November for the purpose of involving the theater in the drive of Mikhail S. Gorbachev, the Soviet leader, for social and economic change.
But I reminded him that he'd already selected and purchased an exceptionally nice gift for his older brother.
Two hundred letters flooded in, many irate.
* Lincoln National Corp. is offering $100 million of 9 1/8 percent notes due in 1992 at 99.82 to yield 9.17 percent through First Boston.
What is more, although France's economy is bigger than Britain's, the capitalization of Paris's stock exchange is just one-third that of London, where the original ''Big Bang'' a year ago introduced a new, more competitive era.
But democracy took a break last summer.
''There will have to be a confrontation of wills.
The businessman said he met for 50 minutes with King Fahd in Saudi Arabia on May 20, 1985.
5 The U.S. foreign-trade deficit plunged 44 percent in December, to $10.6 billion, the lowest level since March 1985, the Commerce Department reported.
Gabriel's schoolwork suffers; he starts wetting his bed; once he smears himself all over with his feces.
But otherwise there was the usual dose of 18th-century (Bach and Handel), 19th-century (a Paganini fantasy) and 20th-century (Debussy, Prokofiev) trascriptions and arrangements, along with minor music by Marcel Grandjany (genuinely effective for the harp, this) and Marcel Tournier.
And what makes the situation especially frustrating is that the losses are not the result of increased injuries, but of mismanagement, liberal court awards and abuse, state officials and business leaders said.
The last 18 months of the record stock market advance reflected heightened optimism, provoked by a seemingly endless bull market, as well as causing investor fears that it could end in a prolonged decline.
Edward I. O'Brien, president of the Securities Industry Association, says that many clients want investments that are free of risk - and bother.
But it is going to get even more intense.
Mr. Kean said he was ''great friends'' with all those who have been identified as potential Republican Presidential candidates but said he was ''much more likely'' to endorse a candidate who agrees with his views on the issues.
There are two excellent accompaniments: a cold salad made with sliced zucchini, tomatoes and mozzarella cheese, and parsley potatoes.
Ann C. Mersereau, a Manhattan school district superintendent in the 1970's, died of cancer Tuesday at her home in Teaneck, N.J. She was 65 years old.
Roger Maltbie, a member of the 10-man PGA Tour Policy Board, said that he expected a petition to be drawn up and that he would submit it to Beman.
Although the house is gone, the grounds of Coole Park are well preserved, and it is possible to get a sense of why the place became so important to Yeats.
Dr. Pierre has worked as an adjunct professor at Columbia University and has lectured widely in the United States and abroad.
They all want to see where it happened.
Senator Boschwitz, whose regrets were echoed by the minority leader, Bob Dole of Kansas, said he had not seen or heard about the report until today, four months after its completion by a staff member.
The contested agreement was arranged by the Infertility Center of New York and signed in early February 1985.
Winners of other events played Saturday were: Sue Snow and Manny Kussack, open pairs, and Sam Kaufman and Benjamin Bergen, newcomers pairs.
''Looking at numbers does not contribute to the cohesion of our country.''
It looked like Penn and Cornell were going to take over the Ivy League forever.
In addition to those jobs, Mr. Picart also arranged for his former assistant to design a line of ready-to-wear for a Japanese label, which he and Mr. Lacroix have declined to identify.
Wheelchair accessibility: Several steps up at the entrance.
For Pollock these fields of paint eventually dried up.
Add Mark Goldweber's apt playfulness as Puck and the supporting players all fell into place.
A few days later, after some painful scenes, the Altmans, in desperation, offered to sign a legal document promising to allow Alex to return to the United States within a week if he did not like the Soviet Union.
People who have protested at the boat club say the impact of these rallies is superficial.
Mr. and Mrs. Harland L. Mischler of Boca Raton, Fla., and Cincinnati have announced the engagement of their daughter, Marilyn West Mischler, to Michael Patrick McGoldrick, a son of Mr. and Mrs. Robert L. McGoldrick of West Hartford, Conn.
Why would trade and budget deficits help trigger a panic?
The ones there now - like the St. Bernard and the Thunderbird - offer Continental food and extensive wine cellars, but there's a dearth of good Mexican cuisine; not European enough, maybe.
He added that if the Federal prosecutors had information implicating Mr. Esposito in political corruption or organized-crime activities, they would have filed such charges against him.
Mr. Manton, a Gephardt colleague in the House, is the first top-ranking New York Democrat to endorse the Missourian, whose campaign has been invisible in this state.
''I put on my scraggiest clothes and check out the oil, water, transmission fluid and the bilges and pump out compartments if necessary,'' she said.
In a decision that affects authors, playwrights, songwriters and other creators of literary property, a Federal appeals court ruled Tuesday in Manhattan that writers could deduct business expenses in the year in which they were incurred.
And that - and I do not recall having seen any - during this period, I don't recall having seen any register on Mr. North's face that this memo had particular significance.
Six aircraft from the base at Bagotville, Quebec, 1,000 miles to the south, joined American and British fighters in the largest airborne combat exercise ever mounted in the Canadian North.
b-Includes losses from discontinued operations of $199,000 for the quarter and $156,000 for the 6 months.
The Store Feels Like Home There are a couple of other restaurants in Albany, best known for the Fort Griffin Fandangle, a show held every June that celebrates its frontier heritage.
His father, Usher L. Burdick, also a lawyer, served as North Dakota's Lieutenant Governor and then represented the state in Congress for 20 years.
Mr. Robertson testified that he had also checked the bridge before and after floodings and found damage.
He says that although he does not object to exhibiting the portrait elsewhere in the Capitol, he does not want it in a place of prominence beside the portraits of Andrew Jackson, Andrew Johnson and James K. Polk, the three Presidents from Tennessee.
''The corporate planning is done here in this room,'' Mr. Ross observed.
There is nothing wrong with it at all, but it does not attract the variety of life that Citicorp does, possibly because it is not on the main traffic route with a subway station in the basement.''
Dr. Goodwin said she was particularly interested in reading the letter to Justice Sherman from Miss Pierson's sister, JoAnn, in which the girl said that Miss Pierson ''would go after'' her father.
Hunt will start for Carl Banks, who missed more than two weeks of practice with a strained left hamstring.
11 THE NEW BREED, by W. E. B. Griffin.
But the man whom the United States described as the mastermind of the plot, Mohammed Abbas, was released by Italy, a sharp disappointment to American officials.
* The low moan and gentle chug-chug-chug of the Long Island Rail Road as it passes between the trees in the middle of the night.
''We have a rich history and tradition in football at Fordham, which is something that other teams do not have,'' said Glueck earlier this week as he prepared his team to play host to Wagner tomorrow in the National Collegiate Athletic Association Division III quarterfinals.
Georgia 41, Oregon St. 7 ATHENS, Ga. (AP) - The tailback, Lars Tate, rushed for 132 yards and a school record-tying 4 touchdowns for Georgia (2-0).
''So I asked the city's personnel director, Peter Lucia, if I could write a memo to all of the city's employees, asking for gifts for the homeless and poor.
He mentioned this to a few teammates.
Most inventive, sociologically if not architecturally, is the project designed by a team headed by Bartholomew Voorsanger of Voorsanger & Mills.
''Valentine's Day is our biggest day,'' said John E. Hughes, chief executive for Fannie May Candies, a Chicago-based chain of 220 shops.
2''; excerpts from Mussorgsky's ''Boris Godounov,'' and a fanfare by Morton Gould commissioned by the orchestra.
So far, however, General Foods' results have been lackluster.
Mariane Gandrup, whose business is near this central Iowa community of 1,000, has noticed the trend.
New strategies for loosening nicotine's physiological grasp are also being developed.
Mike Demilo, of Gilette, N.J., bought nothing but heartache.
''We have an intolerably high accident rate and we're trying to address that.''
You've got to be able to turn to them, as you can in many other states, and say, 'We need an apartment and a restaurant,' rather than, 'Go out and look for it yourself.'
''We need to install separate drains for the sewage and rainwater,'' he said, ''although the cost of doing that for the whole system - about 100 miles -would be prohibitive.
The cause of the accident was unclear, but Mr. John got out and began firing shots ''in all directions,'' Chief Scott said.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*SAVANNAH FOODS & INDUSTRIES (OTC) Qtr to June 30 1987 1986 Sales 215,399,000 156,872,000 Net inc 3,575,000 3,037,000 Share earns .54 .46 6mo sales 418,562,000 303,126,000 Net inc 5,765,000 4,787,000 Share earns .87 .72 View Full Article in Timesmachine »
A mildly spiced curried chicken salad suffered from having been so thoroughly mixed it looked like mush.
Mr. Mitterrand proposed a special session of the National Assembly in January to adopt a statute in time for the presidential election late in the spring.
Although tensions had accelerated in the Persian Gulf over the weekend with new attacks on ships, yesterday's late gold rally appeared to be caused mainly by technical factors, said John Norris, the head trader for precious metals at Citibank.
Both have sent a number of buying missions to the United States to try to increase imports.
The quartet setting seemed to inspire Mr. Murray to more sweeping melodic expositions, and more detailed and painterly development of musical materials, than most of his arrangements for larger groups have allowed.
Beginning as a small operation in an old terminal at Newark International Airport, People's grew fast - too fast, conceded Donald C. Burr, the line's founder and chairman.
Skah Shah, a Haitian band, performs tonight at Sounds of Brazil, 204 Varick Street (243-4940).
I had tried to make the struggle as short as possible, because the longer it lasts the less chance the fish has of surviving.
He urged his youthful supporters to ''march on,'' and closed by saying, ''Whoever you are and whatever you do in that cause, at least in spirit, I will be with you.''
Laimbeer said of Green, his former teammate, ''He doesn't read passes that well.''
New York State's Department of Environmental Conservation regulates hundreds of ''point sources'' along the Hudson, mainly industrial discharge pipes and sewage treatment plants.
The state of the Expos, at the time, could best be described with the sad reality that these people had come to the right place.
They all remember what it is like to strut or trudge, depending on their style, to the mound for the first inning and feel their best pitch snap or hum or flutter, whatever it does best, and thinking, a la Seaver, ''The game is over,'' and then doing it.
''They put in some swings and a slide and caged the children in there so the dogs can't bother them,'' said Mr. Greenfield.
It does not aspire, like Mr. Frank's voluminous study, to situate him within the major cultural and ideological currents of 19th-century Russia or to explore in depth his intellectual evolution and its consequences on his writing.
George Stone, a spokesman for Sigma Chi, said the matter was in the hands of the university and the fraternity would have no comment.
But other people, citing anecdotal evidence, suggest that women are more likely to use a drug that is smoked than one that is injected - and that cocaine, which generally has a less evil popular image than heroin, is more attractive to the female drug user.
Emphasizing His Access Mr. Wallach briefly ran for the United States Senate in 1976 on a platform that included decriminalization of marijuana use and a stand against nuclear weapons.
''Sometimes these features can be placebos,'' said Jackson Hogan, a boot consultant and former product manager for Salomon Ski Boots.
Mr. Norlander, responding to Mr. Feiner's request for comment on the proposed plan, agreed that the idea of providing monthly stipends of perhaps $100 to fewer than 1,000 families facing eviction - one version of how it might work - was flawed.
But I know what they expect of me and I can handle it.''
senior vice president and the head of its major appliance business, said the ''Satisfaction Guaranteed'' program would cover 5 million to 6 million appliances purchased annually at retail.
The board of CBS Inc. has cemented the triumph achieved by William S. Paley and Laurence A. Tisch in a board room coup last fall.
Exemptions and Abatements Riverwalk's potential benefits do not justify such large-scale building, its opponents say.
''I was trying to kill everybody to get a rebound,'' said Jerome Lane, the Panthers' 6-foot-6-inch forward who leads the nation in rebounding.
Sponsored by the New York chapter of the American Institute of Architects, a discussion about the artist-architect collaboration in the design of Rockefeller Center will be moderated by Richard Guy Wilson, 6:30 P.M. next Tuesday.
For these farms the stakes can be high, because the actual cost of water is far higher than the subsizided cost.
All are victims of betrayal and violence, scarred by memories and plagued by agonies and hallucinations while struggling to keep their dignity.
The village has been trying for many years to get rid of the prison, which has been operating since 1925, and some feel brings an unpleasant notoriety to the village, but so far, the village's only success has been to get the state to sell it the warden's house and 9.3 acres for $1.
police as the only woman in 1975, she set especially high standards for herself to try to dispel the mistrust of her male colleagues.
Later, while a research fellow at the Royal College of Art in London, he built a furnace there.
On the diagramed deal the L.G.M.
Referring to the customary tortures of medieval times, he observes slyly, ''We are dealing with a less fastidious age,'' and leaves us to try to imagine in what way the 16th century could have been less fastidious than the 20th.
I wasn't entirely a fraud.
The underlying reason for Israel's new impotence here, in my view, is in information still being developed at the Justice Department.
The twin columns possess unusually well-preserved capitals carved by master artisans.
''I can't candy-coat it - our first brush with the newly reconstituted commission has been very unfavorable,'' he said.
At that point, the rear tires begin to move opposite to the front.
It's getting less schmaltzy and dated, and I'm thrilled to be in on it.''
When Mikhail S. Gorbachev's speech ended Monday, Aleksei I. Adzhubei got an excited phone call from his youngest son, a biochemist.
As a young man he could draw with ink on paper in an almost continuous cobweb-like line that could result in a small masterpiece like the ''Suicide on the Bridge'' of 1913.
''Once the court has granted the petition,'' said Mr. Pfeffer, ''the amount of the city's appraisal is offered to the owner as advance payment.
With the score tied, 2-2, and one out, Driessen, playing in place of the injured Jack Clark, another less-than-speedy player, lined the first of his two doubles to left-center field.
Status Allows Small Savings The actual tariff savings might seem hardly worth the controversy.
Little has changed for the 1986 returns that are due next month.
Another police official, Inspector Kenneth Gussman, said Mr. Williams reloaded his .38-caliber revolver as he headed east on Lefferts Avenue.
C1 Leslie journald A20 G.M.
'Should Do It Ourselves' ''There's a school of thought that we've tried a couple of times with outside people, and now we should do it ourselves,'' Mr. Gold said.
A nun who is a nurse visited the tiny village and tended three wounded people, one of whom later died.
Just look inside the film box, where most manufacturers provide handy exposure information for the most common lighting conditions.
Mr. Miller's anguished appearance tells us that.
Michelle, the Bainbridge Island Winery, Paul Thomas Winery, Arbor Crest and Hogue Cellars.
Mr. Armstrong, who is 35 years old, was paroled in 1980 after serving a prison term for the bombing of a building that housed the Army Math Research Center at the university on Aug. 24, 1970, killing a researcher.
Those are the only playoff hat tricks ever achieved by Bentley.
Under the circumstances, the Administration couldn't possibly be optimistic about a military solution.
Eight years ago they booed when the Giants took Phil Simms in the first round.
It was the kind of tailored outfit favored by many women in the room, including Paloma Picasso, Danielle Mitterrand, Zizi Jeanmaire and Lamia Khashoggi.
Some of the stories are based on turns of plot that have become cliches in Western science fiction.
Many well-known food writers attended; within a few months glowing articles about the Gotham appeared in several publications.
In the end, Bill Doran's bases-empty home run with two outs in the bottom of the ninth gave the Houston Astros a 4-3 victory that seemed like a slap in the face.
''He runs so well and is our fastest player,'' Gottfried said.
There are reportedly three of these, and they, too, are said to be near the end of their life spans.
Those brides have ranged from three daughters of the William Clay Fords to Jane Pauley.
Theatrical Diplomacy ''We did it on our own,'' said Nagle Jackson, somewhat proudly, and no wonder.
''We do not write the option ourselves,'' he said.
Four of the paintings are essentially black and white; four are black and terra cotta.
He's heard some things over the last couple of days that would make him think that something might happen.
According to Mr. Kunstler, Corporal Bracy has since recanted that account, saying it was invented by investigators eager to strengthen their case against Sergeant Lonetree.
Those who were in a good mood from watching the funny film, however, were generally able to solve the problem by seeing another use for the box holding the tacks: They tacked the box to the wall and used it as a candleholder.
According to Mrs. Toledano's plan, the shopping for the event is done in two trips: one, two weeks in advance, for the staples, prepare-ahead ingredients and wines and spirits; the second, two days ahead, for fresh produce and any remaining perishables.
During the last two years, this perfectly simple style of eating - characterized by its imperviousness to food fads - has suddenly become fashionable in the United States.
The men, described as ''street people'' who lived in parks, hotels and rooming houses, were arrested at 12:30 A.M. after a bartender at the Davitt and McDonagh Tavern in Elmhurst, Queens, called 911 when he noticed that they resembled a police sketch of suspects hanging on a wall, said Inspector Ronald J. Fenrich of the Central Robbery Division.
She is black and Mr. Kay is white.
Kodak followed suit with a high-quality, high-priced paper of its own, called Elite.
But we kept at it.
Our colleges have actively recruited more than 340,000 foreign students.
* Robert M. Gutkowski has been appointed executive vice president of the newly formed MSG Communications Group.
But how many times had black activists, sure of who I was and what I wanted, helped and sheltered me?
It is true that considerable freedom on the top notes has been sacrificed to that intense midrange projection - perhaps by intent.
Bennett was the second first-round pick over all.
He's a Miskito, and we know, don't we, what the Sandinistas did to the Miskitos.
He was succeeded as President by Mr. Caramanlis in 1980.
Now, with the new season about half over, the Giants are struggling with a 3-6 record.
''It's almost guaranteed you get beat up,'' said one inmate, pointing to gaps where his front teeth used to be.
The special program the Hennessey farmers entered is one designed to cut the country's wheat surpluses, which depress prices and are costly for the Government to subsidize.
The shelter shares space in the former school with the Local Development Corporation of East New York, whose executive director, Richard Recny, has been working for eight years to restore the nearby fallow fields to the manufacturing, warehousing and metal-fabricating complex that once earned this neighborhood the nickname ''Little Pittsburgh.''
For 21 years, he cajoled actors and directors into working for minimum wages on ''Insight.''
The conservancy also studied technical briefs and magazines on restoration, and examined buildings that were being reconstructed.
Legislators' law partners may practice before state agencies, the amount of disclosure to be made in public will be severely limited, and no prosecutions may commence without the approval of a committee of legislators.
Mr. Seymour's investigations involved Mr. Deaver's work for the Governments of Canada and Puerto Rico, on the issues of acid rain and tax credits for business investors, as well as contracts with other foreign governments, including South Korea, and with military contractors.
He and Dr. Shelton Glashow of Harvard University have concluded that, even if the ephemeral neutrino particles abound in the universe, they do not have enough mass to stop the expansion of the universe.
There were no per share earnings for the latest year and both year-ago periods because the bank converted to a stock form of ownership on June 18, 1986.
In this historical situation, Mondrian was looking for some plastic equivalent of modernity, a dynamic equilibrium.
The Infantest Corporation, developers of a program to test the mental health of babies, employs 17 people in Cleveland.
It is the first time in four years that the Christian Democrats have led a governing coalition.
As Benedict Marino, one of the two co-managing directors of the department, said: ''At first, we just stopped dead in our tracks for an hour and said, 'Oh my God, what does that mean?'
Stockholders would also have the option of accepting either an additional $1.50 in cash per share or a 10-year warrant to purchase one share of common stock of SPI at 13 cents.
This is called jump shooting.
They make a play, then they discuss it for a while.''
Technically not a garden, but an interesting escape nonetheless, is the National Park for Nature Study, near the Meguro station on the Yamanote line.
''Losing those moments was a calculated risk,'' Mr. Kramer said.
A8 The Pope beatified five people in a move that could revive old disputes in Spain.
This is the President being Oliver North.
Officials say the situation will probably get worse, because the reasons for the shortage of volunteers are getting more acute.
Just last month, prosecutors announced that a separate three-year investigation of General Dynamics's billing for nuclear attack submarines had not found prosecution warranted.
The square presents a particularly tough architectural problem.
And the Good Fairy wasn't there.
Between 8 and 9 A.M. alone, he said, the service received 689 calls, ''four and a half times the normal amount.''
Weights for the $750,000 Marlboro, in which Java Gold is the likely favorite, will be released Monday.
At the same time, his alliance with those politicians, many of whom were staunch opponents of Mayor Washington, alienated loyalists of Mr. Washington, thousands of whom staged protests last night.
Images range from Brancusi's studio to the Salon of 1852, the photographers from Charles Marville to Josef Albers.
People use these attorneys not only for legal questions, but as a resource for advice on things like what to do with a lump-sum retirement plan.''
They are neither civil rights extremists, ''crazies'' nor people exercised by the Mayor's proclamation that he is ''the No.
''I keep up with them on the phone or with their phone machines.
Mr. Quandt said the company denied any violation of the civil rights laws ''but has agreed to the terms of the settlement to avoid the cost of any further time-consuming litigation.''
The rating on $7.1 billion of senior debt and $900 million of preferred stock remains investment grade but was lowered to A-1 from Aa-3.
1 New York City may lose $80 million spent on homeless people each year under new regulations the Federal Government plans to propose, city officials said.
Weeks later, however, Mr. Reagan signed two intelligence findings authorizing the shipment of American arms to Iran.
The colleges in the suburbs generally perform well, like the suburban school systems from which they draw most of their students.
Galway Song, Clever Power, Comfy, Helen's a Pleasure, Flashy Runner, Justsayno and Defined complete the field.
John Malkovich, who appeared opposite Dustin Hoffman in a 1984 Broadway revival of ''Death of a Salesman'' before winning major roles in films such as ''Places in the Heart'' and ''The Killing Fields,'' also returns to Broadway next month, in Lanford Wilson's ''Burn This'' He is under contract for six months, said James Freydberg, one of the play's producers.
The 11 groups added to the 5 that make up the National Cooperative Drug Discovery Groups, which was established last year, represent an effort to build an alliance among scientists in government, academia and private industry for attacking AIDS, Mr. Bowen said.
Burundi's Foreign Minister, Egide Nkuriyingoma, declined recently to be interviewed about relations with Libya.
''It is also perceived that many of the companies have substantial earnings leverage as a result of significant cost-cutting and that the financially healthier firms will emerge from the downturn with an improved market position.''
These buildings are considered ''noncontributing'' or ''no-style,'' which, in effect, mark them as developable sites where the commission would not object to their being demolished and replaced by sympathetic new buildings.
Then they went out, made five errors in this afternoon's game and lost again to the Cubs, 6-5.
Last of three articles, page A14.
Mr. Benjamin, once a vice president and director of CBS News, said he saw signs, even if faint, of a ''resurgence.''
The hissing is halfhearted, however, because Mr. Gibson, wide-eyed and moonstruck, is naive, not Machiavellian, as he concocts the absurd, tortured moral arguments with which he justifies his knavery.
Instead of being looked at as a strip of rundown motels, people see its potential as a good location for business and industry.''
And by saying that an elderly woman should have had a right to enjoy ''a distracted grandmotherhood''?
He had to choose between Bill Walton, who sat out most of the season with a foot injury, or Kite, who averaged 6.9 minutes and 0.9 points in the previous 16 playoff games.
Jim Wright, the new House Speaker, is a strong advocate of arms control.
Nevertheless, he said, ''there is a season for all things, and I am convinced that it is best for the university, and right for me, that someone now have the opportunity to bring new vision and fresh perspectives to the presidency.''
You're always doing different things.''
It was as if they needed to enforce and capture the reality of this extraordinary experience.
They will be exempt to the semifinal stage together with Sweden which won in Brighton.
As the agency's head of enforcement, he has handled the agency's most dramatic cases, prosecuting Ivan F. Boesky and other prominent Wall Street executives for insider trading.
If it is advertising content and spectacular color signage that worries these developers, I'm certain that the proposed design guidelines do not specify ''gaudiness.''
Blues sometime evade a plug's single hook, but such a modification simplifies disengaging a beached fish from the lure.
The other can was for all kinds of soups, mixed together in an odd ''beggar's cocktail.''
Only Gary Hart, who's out of it, can afford to blast our ''theological cold warriors.''
* Estimated television audience for Super Bowl XXI in the New York region: 12 million to 15 million.
Taking On O'Neill Last year, Jack Lemmon tackled a part that was perhaps of equivalent magnitude: the tragic figure of James Tyrone.
And it's likely to take the form of a camera as simple to operate as a point-and-shoot but as sophisticated and versatile as an SLR.
He wants to advertise the reasons behind the changes in Le Menu and the introduction of Special Request.
Marine Engineers Beneficial Association The A.F.L.-C.I.O.
Southerners Evenly Divided Another poll by the Scripps-Howard News Service, released on Thursday, found that Southerners are evenly divided on Judge Bork's nomination, and a majority believe the Senate has the right to consider his philosophy in deciding whether to confirm him.
The Muncy prison had no fences and looked more like a college campus with stone buildings, but she did not like the idea of staying there 10 years.
put the one-megabit chip in a personal computer, hinting at technological changes expected in other products.
Women workers in maquilas daily face deteriorating working conditions that include escalating production quotas, pressures and abuses from supervisors, and the dread and threat of being fired if they assert their rights under Mexico's labor laws or seek to improve their working conditions in any way.
In effect, he and like-minded friends have been engaged in an unusual form of private rezoning.
Many offices and businesses have been inspired by the holiday spirit.
Ironically, Patrick was playing tonight against his wishes, as the pinched nerve in his neck has impaired the feeling in his left arm.
Leigh Munro sang well as Rosalinda, but Claudette Peterson's Adele sounded vocally distressed.
Fatal Rape in 1912 Another, her voice crinkly with age, said: ''You know what I think?
To this day, for instance, the vast majority of the banks' third world loans, which everyone agrees are not worth 100 cents on the dollar, are still recorded at par.
Athletics 6, Indians 4 OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) - Dennis Eckersley pitched six perfect innings and Ron Cey's two-run homer broke an eighth-inning tie to lead Oakland.
A wire wheel in an electric drill or a similar tool would be better than rubbing by hand.
Well, they were blatantly false.
Beyond the organic illness, Edinburgh is experiencing a grinding combination of public bewilderment and press sensationalism.
Botanic Garden Plant Sale, Brooklyn Botanic Garden, 1000 Washington Avenue, at Eastern Parkway, Brooklyn; 718-622-4433.
Commitment Called Serious ''For the first 10 days after the agreement was signed, you only heard Daniel Ortega and Sergio Ramirez talking about it,'' said an Asian diplomat, referring to the Sandinista President and Vice President.
Not a heckler could be seen.
On side streets, residences continued to be mostly low, townhouse (''brownstone'') types.
In addition, there is always the lure of a summer recess in August to help members of Congress reach a timely decision.
''Mark should have told us his plans to come in,'' said one of the pickets, Pat Leahy.
b-After losses from discontinued operations of $554,192 for the latest year and $5,125 for the earlier year.
In Baghdad, people living near where the missile struck said they heard and felt a strong explosion at 10:07 P.M. Monday.
American officials said they did not know when an embassy would be opened in Ulan Bator but said it would not be soon.
He became a firefighter, he said.
Anecdotes and ruminations by the television star.
''The Colors of My Life'' is a ballad that lingers, ''I Like Your Style,'' is the sort of song that perpetuates a lilting, unbeatable, indigenous musical-comedy tradition and ''Come Follow the Band'' is about as rousing a second-act opener as one can get, a guaranteed get-happy production number, with marching band, tumblers and joyful singers and dancers spilling all over the theater.
On hand are the usual Wimsey regulars: his devoted and incredibly adept manservant Bunter (Richard Morant), and his drab but sharp brother-in-law Chief Inspector Parker (David Quilter).
I am not in a position to evaluate the program in actual use.
To me, the ball cap with the peak to the side had become a symbol of incivility, of defiance of the customs that helped people to live together in peace and harmony.
Boxing's biggest fights in this country have traditionally landed in Las Vegas, Nev.
(For decades the company had ignored Clausewitz' contention that ''the defensive is a relative state, and consequently impregnated more or less with offensive principles.'')
That advance, the biggest in three years, was fueled by inflation fears.
But the council said that Donlan had told Upshaw they ''could reach a settlement on all issues except .
The vote to approve the bill was 78 to 72 in the House today and was 25 to 6 in the Senate Monday.
Her first reaction when Mr. Sandlofer telephoned her was: ''Harbor seal?''
In the scuffle, the ex-boyfriend plants his hunting knife in the principal's back.
The 6-foot-5-inch senior forward is among the top scorers in the nation averaging 29 points a game.
Goodyear, however, fell 1 1/2, to 43 1/2.
Mr. Waxman, chairman of the Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Health and the Environment, was supported by fellow Democrats on the panel and by representatives of organizations for the elderly, who said that their members were particularly hard hit by the rise in the prices of medicine.
Knight sinks wearily back into his seat and quietly says, ''Nothing.''
members to give fair consideration to the nomination, which the group's executive director, Benjamin L. Hooks, had promised to fight ''until hell freezes over.''
filing also said that Mr. Icahn would discuss, from time to time, ''various corporate restructurings,'' although it cautioned that he had formed no definitive plan.
''Our financing is very sound, and we have a responsibility to the public and our athletes.''
The political system didn't matter.
They may at least have to sell it at less price.''
No other industrial nation bases pay on a bonus system.
Friday to Sunday, noon to midnight.
But by the end of the century classicism had resumed its sway.
The McDonalds are living on his salary; on an annual contribution from Milton Petrie, a businessman, and on gifts from the public in a fund administered by the Patrolmen's Benevolent Association.
Today, Mr. Haughey, an accountant by profession, was making no specific promises to anyone.
Investing the leaders with both political and governmental power, they say, makes it all the more likely a legislative leader can control a lawmaker's vote.
No other details on the artifacts were provided.
Lucilla is here with her mother, whom we call Grandmother.
The report to the White House said that health officials hoped to conduct a ''family of surveys'' in the 20 top metropolitan areas, containing 25 percent of the nation's population and 75 percent of the reported AIDS cases, and in 10 other cities with moderate to low prevalence of AIDS.
When Ms. Armitage established the Armitage Ballet in May of 1986, she gave the first real indication that it was ballet she favored.
Addressing a labor union convention, he said: ''Greater democratization may prompt some people to ask whether we are not disorganizing society, whether we shall not weaken management and lower the standards for discipline, order and responsibility.''
The Bundesbank moves were ''the absolute minimum,'' one dealer in Frankfurt said yesterday.
Too high, it seemed to me, to make those low bridges in Central Park.
''You know you're happy, but you're not thinking about it.''
Their uncle, the former Representative Parren Mitchell, a Democrat from Maryland, was conducting an investigation into the company's affairs.
Thus, divestiture-driven deals - ones that depend on the breakup and sale of assets after a deal closes - are no longer attractive.
The candidates cited Japan as a model for what should happen in the United States.
Within, the 19th century is reflected by the cozy downstairs taproom and the quaint upstairs dining rooms.
After studying the toxicology of art materials, I received a grant (from the Geraldine R. Dodge Foundation) to produce a series of art-safety posters and teacher's guide designed to alert teachers and artists to the safe use of materials.
After listening to their pleas, Councilman Abraham G. Gerges, a Brooklyn Democrat who played a key role in the establishment of the shelter, said that he would try to link individual veterans with construction jobs, but that they were unlikely to get their own project.
A sale of studio glass will be held May 29 through 31 to benefit the New York Experimental Glass Workshop.
Because such limited partnerships benefit from new tax laws, in that they spare the investor double taxation of profits.
We're all proud of you.
Provincial officials like him are being closely watched for signs of adherence to the new Kremlin line, called ''perestroika,'' or restructuring.
Baton's Restaurant, 62 W. 11th St. Miss Kim's, 555 3d Ave. (36th St.).
It is as if Edna is now, finally, again, really waking up.
He describes it as a kind of Watergate story about investigative journalism that he hopes will turn up in New York one day.
The future of Time Inc.'s SAMI/Burke's foray into the single-source data business is uncertain.
She said she had asked if it was necessary to do so and was told by the judge that it was ''the only way we could prove this man is guilty.''
''This new acquisition may not be a particularly sexy or exciting project,'' he said.
LEONARD R. KAHN Westbury, N.Y., March 12
At 2:45 P.M. it was 102.2. on the uptown platform of the West 137th Street stop.
Mr. Buechner's language can be sinewy and lyrical: ''Full daylight.
Mr. Comelin, now directing Ballet Arizona in Phoenix and formerly a choreographer at the Pennsylvania Ballet and a director of the Milwaukee Ballet, is the least personally connected to the Balanchine inspiration.
In 1936 she wrote the score for Billy Rose's ''Casa Manana'' revue, and later collaborated with him on his ''Aquacade'' revue at the 1939 New York World's Fair.
Robert E. Ronzoni, chairman of the National Pasta Association, said the subsidy paid by the Europeans amounts to about 16.2 cents a pound, enabling the Italian product to be sold wholesale in the United States at 40 cents to 50 cents a pound, while American pasta sells for 65 cents a pound.
Praise for Democratization ''With all its problems,'' he concludes in retrospect, ''the United States is a paradise.''
There is another, less expensive program for children 16 and up.
''So we've done that,'' Mr. Hill said.
But could he, I asked, tell me the precise sum required?
Once he starts being just wise, however, the act goes every which way.
''We will conduct a thorough and complete investigation and present all the facts to a grand jury as promptly as possible.''
Unless an international Middle East peace conference materializes, the Soviets will have no reason to become further involved with Israel.''
The only part of the previous agreement the owners are not honoring is dues check-off, said Donlan.
Troy replied that ''these are operating initiatives that we cannot go into.''
Few men who have so identified themselves with the immigrant roots of America get the chance to be one of the people being considered for the Presidency.
NEW JERSEY Essex, V.F.W., 95 West Mount Pleasant Avenue, Livingston.
But Mr. Karajan had to rest on a bicycle seat attached to a special support framework hidden from audience view by a partition during a concert in Zurich in May.
Then we will have to get used to accepting a slicker, type-set look, and undoubtedly many will mourn the good old days of the honest, straight-shooting dot matrix.
There is no charge for the festival tour.
He suited up but did not get into the game, and afterward, he agreed with the suggestion that a returning striker might hit a player who had played during the strike with substantially more enthusiasm.
Portions of the Mill Point Bridge, which carries Route 161 between the towns of Florida and Glen, collapsed about 8 P.M., said Deputy Claudia Collins, of the Montgomery County Sheriff's Department.
The third is your home at the time you wish to sell it, which, you will discover, has somehow managed to be missed by this magical price rise.
The film is a painstakingly researched chronicle of the events between 1975 and 1978.
The bridegroom, a cum laude graduate of Cornell, is in his fourth year at the Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons.
Pedestrian Mall Recommended Among the recommendations is a pedestrian mall along Stillwell Avenue, which runs from Surf Avenue to the boardwalk for shops, arcades, restaurants, fast food stands and stages for festivals and live entertainment.
FOR decades, as a conservative foothold in the industrial Midwest, Indiana relied on low tax rates and a laissez-faire tradition to lure and keep businesses.
Her opening concert on Thursday night demonstrated her favorite theme - there is no beauty without pain.
The druggist was helpful, if weary, for his customers were all talking at the same time and in more languages than I could identify.
''Subsequent events, however, have robbed that refusal of its potentially negative effects.''
Beat until the yolks are very thick.
While some of his assertions at first hearing appeared implausible, he provided hundreds of pages of handwritten notes and typed memos dating to 1985 and referring in detail to arms shipments that were then secret and have since been substantially corroborated by recent official disclosures and by the investigation by The Times.
The visiting Flames had not lost since dropping a 6-5 decision to Boston on Nov.
But in fact, the playing field has been leveled.
''That doesn't mean anything, but I'll drink it.''
The jurors in State Supreme Court in Queens asked to have testimony read to them that had been given by two prosecution witnesses, George and Maria Toscano.
Ms. Klein, whose daughter Jennifer is a junior at Yale, has come to campus amid a surge of student interest in fiction writing.
Some of the women I know are farther along; they are convinced that they have stopped at two children, or three, or one, happy and content.
The Paper Mill Playhouse in Millburn has brought the band back for the fourth consecutive year.
In a rage, he stamps his foot with such force that his whole leg goes through the floor and into the ground; then he pulls so hard on his stuck leg that he tears himself in two.
More nitromethane means more power.
His boat was designed last year by Sparkman & Stephens, the naval architecture firm that developed wings for the New York Yacht Club's 12-Meter America II.
The United States this year earmarked $40 million in economic aid for the country, which is $430 million in arrears on a $1.3 billion foreign debt.
8. e. 9. h. 10. k. 11. g. 12. l. 13. o.
When observers here say his was often the decisive vote in 5-to-4 decisions, what they mean is that neither the conservatives nor the liberals knew how he'd come out on President Reagan's social agenda and had to do their best to persuade him.
A second set on his stomach monitored his body temperature and triggered a heat source from lights above his 13-inch body.
In a proceeding that reflected the ambivalence of the Czechoslovak authorities toward moves for greater economic and cultural openness in the Soviet bloc, Judge Vladimir Stiborik took great pains to commend the defendants for their contributions to Czechoslovak culture before sentencing them to relatively short jail terms.
The ridership tallies are based on the number of tokens deposited in turnstiles, along with counts of students and elderly or handicapped riders, who use passes and coupons.
chief was withdrawn) and perhaps brave but pseudo-second-order recursions like Ollie'sgategate (Who installed his electronic barricade and what did he receive in return?).
At Embassy 1, Broadway and 46th Street; Loews Orpheum, Third Avenue and 86th Street, and other theaters.
''He's a hell of a guy,'' Klecko replied, suppressing a snarl.
Raymond O'Donnell, a police spokesman.
But, while trying to distance himself from the far right, which has the backing of an estimated 10 to 13 percent of the electorate, Mr. Chirac implicitly rejected calls in his own ruling Rally for the Republic Party to repudiate the National Front.
For example, Peter Longo, the owner of Porto Rico Importing, expects coffee prices to continue to fall, but only slightly.
* Student Loan Marketing Association plans to announce today the interest rate on $300 million of short-term, floating-rate notes due Aug. 13, 1987.
Lifetime achievement awards will be presented to Paul Kovi and Tom Margittai, owners of the Four Seasons in New York.
Recently, the Republicans have run into protests from some contributors over how they spent their money.
By agreeing to pay an insurance company the amount of a check he was accused of cashing illegally, Micheal Ray Richardson has avoided a trial on forgery and theft charges.
The cast reunited for a special benefit performance two weeks ago to raise funds to defray the costs of the trip to Oklahoma.
She said 41 percent of the youths in custody come from Brooklyn, 24 percent from the Bronx, 17 percent from Manhattan, 11 percent from Queens and 2 percent from Staten Island.
As a result, bonds and stocks were pushed sharply lower.
Jacky Ruette, one of the owners, says the promotion will last indefinitely.
Hazleton's $30 million of convertible debentures will become convertible into Corning shares, Corning said.
That he plans to do, not with cards, but flowers.
CAR buyers are being seduced by juicy incentive offers from auto makers: financing as low as 1.9 percent and rebates of up to $1,000.
Clayton J. Lonetree and Cpl.
Ms. Puglielli, an associate in the Hartford law firm of Byrne, Slater, Sandler, Shulman & Rouse, graduated summa cum laude from Susquehanna University.
But consumer advocates called for more government controls, saying the jump is scandalous and physician overcharges for Medicare services are outrageous.
What we know, and what the police do not know, is that a pair of punks who work in a garage witnessed the murder and stole a lottery ticket from the corpse.
''It's embarrassing that we can't fly people in,'' County Executive Richard E. Squires said.
I'm listening to a whole pile of sound coming down on me.
was run by the players themselves.
The Rouge Steel Company, a subsidiary of the Ford Motor Company, said it would spend more than $100 million to upgrade plant operations.
Kyle Petty's Ford Thunderbird finished a lap ahead of Morgan Shepherd and Lake Speed, who raced each other to the checkered flag for the runner-up position.
Our superintendent and doormen are on full alert when he is home.
The first loan will be from May 1, 1987 to April 30, 1990.
At times, he has owned as much as 5 percent of the company, and the 2.5 million shares he holds today are worth roughly $187 million.
These economists - four Republican, four Democratic and four unaffiliated - see the economy as a tapestry of good and bad, with the overall average just eking out a 'gentleman's C.' There is widespread frustration with the so-so recovery under way, but widespread gratification that the period of growth begun in late 1982 is still continuing.
Emphasized But the Soviet leader stressed that the United States would benefit as well from new markets that would open up in the Soviet Union.
''I'm particularly proud that we have seven students from the People's Republic,'' Ms. Maly said.
Their clash on Oct. 30 still looms as the big game for both teams, no matter what happens before that.
''We think the import fee is the wrong direction,'' said one source involved in the report's preparation.
His Southern Gothic tales of families cohering and dispersing in the wake of suicide and murder, of lethal childbirth and romantic entanglements, are considered by some readers and critics to be forced, overly mannered and repetitious, but others praise their linguistic agility, their accuracy and power.
Nonetheless, they say, he is still very much a rookie, in conduct as well as seniority.
''Primarily that impact should be a return to a more reasonable and disciplined land-use regulation,'' he said.
Planes from the Constellation flew cover for the move through the Strait of Hormuz last night.
''AM has become more of an information band,'' Mr. Smulyan observed.
(According to one account, when Mr. Volcker agreed in 1983 to serve a second four-year term, she got the news on the kitchen television set and ''just stayed there and cried.'')
But the best lure was the hourlong helicopter ride that originated several hundreds yards from the beach.
I don't think anyone has demanded of nondancers as much movement as I did in 'Company.'
Iran Demands Afghan's Visit Meanwhile, the negotiations between Pakistan, the Afghan forces and Iran got under way.
so much so I felt sorry for poor Juneboy.
Highest U.S. Official to Visit Mr. Whitehead, the most senior American official to visit since the heyday of the Solidarity movement in 1980-81, said on arrival that the issue of economic sanctions was under review, but that there were still questions ''in the areas of human rights and national reconciliation.''
It also didn't save him from getting lost more than a few times.
I don't know whether this is bad or good, but they are less interested in black and white, place and time, than in the peculiar business of growing up and the even more peculiar business of writing.
He will have responsibility for Baxter's corporate marketing and distribution activities.
Coyote'' is at once curious, wise and, above all, entertaining.
The Mesa Limited Partnership, which is controlled by the investor T. Boone Pickens, today revived an effort to acquire KN Energy Inc., offering $163 million for the Colorado-based natural gas distributor.
If those rules were enforced, General Noriega would have to step down.
Tickets are $7 in advance and $8 at the door.
Known as shared offices or executive suites, they used to be the first stop for small companies and professional firms until permanent quarters could be rented.
Dr. Riley said a salesman and Mr. Fleischman encouraged him to buy Dalis because the artist was in poor health.
I have never gone farther, have never seen the Orient.
That the accumulation of objects is a way of living just as much as a style of decorating is a fact that Buatta states over and over again.
The company has cooperated with the agency in surveying the contamination.
Sunday Creole brunches, 12:30 to 4:30 P.M. Entrees, $7.95 to $10.95.
For many investment banking luminaries at a private screening of ''Wall Street'' on Monday night, watching the new film was like watching home movies.
''I was on the verge,'' Barbara Matte said of her fox terrier, Daisy.
He batted .200 against the Tigers, .083 against them at the Metrodome.
Seaver Retiring Tom Seaver, convinced he cannot pitch up to his old standards, will end his three-week comeback and 20-year career.
There is little doubt that Shakespeare was able to write for the funniest comedy performers of his time.''
If a recession strikes, the figures would be much higher.
This modern third degree is an abuse in law enforcement, and an abomination when used by private corporations against people who have done nothing to warrant a search of their minds.
But that percentage exploded to 5.2 percent in 1983 and was still at 4.8 percent in 1986.
Under the Oklahoma law, the tender offer would have to remain open for another 30 to 50 days after the closing to allow the company to call a stockholders' meeting to vote on the acquisition.
Recently arrived in the dead letter department: from the Jack Kemp 1988 Club, an invitation to Walt Riker to join and make a contribution.
But the problem is bigger than the allegedly ''aberrational'' Irangate.
''It can be very upsetting.
She is a graduate of Ohio State and her son is an underclassmen now.
''Eric is a magnet for all of us who are sorting out the confused state of the male in contemporary society,'' says Tad Savinar, his collaborator on the new play.
Political points be damned, say they, ''We are only doing interesting songs about people.''
With one million artifacts and other objects, the museum holds one of the world's leading collections of Indian art.
Trailing by 41-40 at the half, St. Peter's built an 11-point lead by outscoring Iona (9-11, 4-5), 23-11, from the start of the second half.
Measured by the Pentagon's ''processing data rate'' scale, used to evaluate computers for export, the machines that will now be shipped to Iran could also be exported to the Soviet Union.
And like the Micropro International Corporation, which let Wordstar slip from pre-eminence by being slow to update the program, Aldus could lose its lead to competitors with better features if it doesn't ''stay on its toes,'' Ms. Lewis said.
Nod to Minority Groups Another line of reasoning holds that Judge Bork's highly legalistic approach to issues came over badly at his televised hearings.
As a result, Air Atlanta pulled its group of investors ever deeper into its financial morass.
Experts in gerontology, automobile design and highway safety are studying whether the 18.5 million drivers in the United States who are 65 and over pose a greater risk on the road than the 140 million younger ones.
After that, Rockwell, long one of the nation's premier military aircraft builders, will not only lack a major airframe production contract but will have little chance of winning one soon.
In any case, in the last several days Esposito had become convinced that Carpenter was one of the key pieces the Rangers needed to become a quality team.
''It's gravy,'' Mr. Ellenby said.
Gauging 'Public Sentiment' The Morgan collection, which contains more than 100 letters and documents available for scholarly use, includes three handwritten pages that shed light on Lincoln's thoughts.
That subsidy is in addition to another Government benefit, price-support loans, totaling $2.28 a bushel when farmers take advantage of it and pledge their crops as collateral.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*FIRST JERSEY NATIONAL CORP (OTC) Qtr to June 30 1987 1986 Net inc 10,424,000 9,100,000 Per share 1.28 1.11 6mo net inc 20,683,000 18,232,000 Per share 2.53 2.23 View Full Article in Timesmachine »
''Well, to raise money, both of us had sold our cars.
Craft is now a better conductor (although visually, he still marks time like a college choirmaster, as if he were almost embarrassed to be there).
A long prison term ''is life destructive,'' he said.
The idea of New York as an icon of American culture is the real theme of this fundamentally romantic, lavishly illustrated, 847-page avalanche of a love letter.
The loans currently total $273 million.
It is not Mr. Gumpert's way to react with horror to such a possibility.
''His first primary comes early,'' said one Democratic strategist.
Prosecutors have said that the flooring of a bamboo hut on the set for the filming of a Vietnam War scene blew apart when a special-effects explosive went off, and that debris flew up and caused the tail rotor of the helicopter to detach.
''In any other medium besides broadcasting, such Federal policing of the editorial judgment of journalists would be unthinkable,'' he said.
If the apartment is not covered by the rules of rent regulation, the number of occupants would depend on the terms of the lease as long as the apartment provided enough living space for each occupant.
Over time, one thing led to another and before long, J. M. Smucker, his wife, Ella, their sons and their sons' sons were successfully selling their apple butter, jellies and jams all over northeastern Ohio.
The opportunity for healthy bipartisan government in Connecticut has been lost for some time to come.
Which course you take, like the wine you choose to drink, is a question of taste and budget.
''Bud in my opinion was the kind of guy who would hold his hand over a candle and let it burn.
''It was like shooting fish in a barrel,'' the commander of Queens detectives, Deputy Chief Joseph Borrelli, said of the slayings of Alfred Romaniello, 65 years old, and his wife, Martha, 62, the store's longtime owners, and Mohinder Singh, 36, a customer.
Appreciation of Complexities This may be due in part to the inhibiting presence of Mr. Nakasone.
Make sure the end of the tubing goes straight into the fitting; if it comes in at an angle from either side, it will most likely leak, even after the nut is securely tightened.
b-Reduced by about $130,000 due to the retroactive elimination of investment tax credits as of January 1986.
The guess here is that the courts will rule as they did in the Mackey case, the union will be wiser in using the result to its advantage and, under the American system, not only the suitable number of players, but a suitable number of owners, despite themselves, will flourish.
Publicly, Senate Republicans attributed the death of the bill to what they considered inequities in the spending formula for primary campaigns.
The aid was suspended temporarily by Congress.
Another new law includes stiffer graduation requirements.
''One of the children who spent almost nine days in the ruins is one of the children who is doing the best,'' said Dr. Geraldine Novelo, a psychologist who works with the children and their families.
Bolivia and its commercial creditors have amended their 1981 debt-restructuring agreement to allow the country to negotiate a repurchase of its $1 billion in outstanding loans.
Gooden got into a jam in the fourth, when the Giants put runners on second and third with one down.
Phyllis Oakley, a State Department spokeswoman, said at a news conference that on Dec. 22 the United States asked the Chinese Embassy to order the two diplomats to leave the country.
The recent violence, and the hard line the Sri Lankan Government is taking, also brought new tensions today in the nation's uneasy relationship with its northern neighbor, India.
''I had an autographed picture of Frank Sinatra and another of Bill Cosby.
Horton (R) Y Y 30.
Senator Albert Gore Jr. of Tennessee says he favors ''incentive programs that curtail supply'' rather than the Gephardt proposal for mandatory production controls.
Among the five were Ivan Kovalev and Tatyana Osipova, a husband and wife who were serving sentences for anti-Soviet agitation after playing a prominent role in publicizing Soviet rights abuses.
Japan's exports of automobiles to the United States last month increased 6.5 percent, to $2.33 billion, from a year earlier.
And so, he said, he looks upon the tribute to him as his reciprocal opportunity to pay tribute to Eastman Kodak.
solution is to reclassify the ash as ''special waste.''
''Others complain that their wives and lovers expect constant attention, affection and proof that the men value them and their relationship.''
Andrew J. Levander, the New York lawyer for Mr. Khashoggi, could not be reached for comment.
Collectors' stamps will be sold and auctioned, stamp catalogues and magazines will be given away, and special stamp cancellations will be in use.
Nuts and bolts considerations of U.S. deficit reduction - of energy taxes, national sales taxes and Social Security freezes - have fallen prey to interest group vetoes in the past.
From what we now know about Mrs. Bumpurs's mental status, her reclusiveness and reluctance to communicate, there is serious doubt about the validity of those papers.
We're busing people in from the Bronx to take these jobs when there are so many people right here who want - and can - do them.''
If it has been punched, the refund will be prorated, at six-sevenths of cost.
There was more at stake here than merely trying to help the St. Louis Cardinals win the championship of the National League and the right to represent the league in the 1987 World Series.
He said they were right across the river, which turned out to be the Elbe.
Privacy of the Family Their silence goes beyond the tragedy of one father and daughter and reflects the dilemma faced by people who disapprove of conduct by parents but do not know what, if anything, they should do about it.
They move the same way during the game, all purpose, all discipline, springing off the bench on command, sprinting off the court when summoned, wearing the other people down.
Additionally, we know that the fastest job growth is in higher-paying service industries, and that the lower-paying consumer-service jobs constitute only about 10 percent of service activity.
Patients are treated for their dependency on cocaine, alcohol or both, with a many-faceted psychological approach that relies heavily on group therapy.
Similarly, Jess B. Yawitz, 40, had been teaching finance and researching the intricacies of the fixed-income bond market at Washington University for 14 years when Goldman, Sachs & Company lured him away to head its financial strategies department in 1985.
''Except for the badly injured, they had the strength to swim off if pushed into deeper water or after resting for a day or so in the quiet areas.''
Barry I. Slotnick, who represents Mr. Biaggi, also has said he will appeal.
Gonzalez, who came to Indianapolis several weeks ago, had complained to the organizing committee and the officials of the United States Olympic Committee about the presence of an anti-Cuban lobbying group.
Rates for outstanding Treasury bills rose modestly, with both the three- and six-month issues bid at 5.71 percent, still about 1/8 percentage point below last week's peak rates.
The treatment advocated has not been tested in a scientific manner, the academy said.
This proposal, which would require a change in the Constitution, is unlikely to be accepted by Congress, Democrats on Capitol Hill said today.
We met our first $25 million goal the first year.''
In New York City, rent control covers about 218,000 apartments, in buildings of three or more units built before 1947.
The tractor's explosives, carried in beer kegs, blew the roof and side off the police station, and a shootout ensued, according to the regional police chief, Superintendent Harry Breen.
Marilyn Banks, a particularly glamorous Neisha Folkes and Miss Pouncie played Mr. Parker's women, and Adrienne Armstrong and April Berry were the statuesque and funny showgirls.
During the last water shortage I was a good citizen and did not flush the toilet after every use.
It is considered a prime reliever of traffic for O'Hare International Airport, the world's busiest, 20 miles south.
The English merger has been accomplished; solutions to the others are in the works.
Disclosure of a Document In an appearance Wednesday before the Senate subcommittee, Mr. Roberts, who is a 51-year-old former campaign fund-raiser for Vice President Bush, ''respectfully requested'' that he not be asked questions about the Louisiana Power and Light Company's obtaining a copy of a commission memorandum.
Gold closed in Hong Kong earlier at a bid of $469.08 an ounce, down from $479.24.
Is this practice against the zoning for the area?
Still, the process remains one of merely slowing, not reversing, the blight, which Miss Syrzistie and other officials attributed to ecological problems rather than the ravages of time.
Before the game, they got word from Norfolk, Va., that Dwight Gooden had pitched seven innings in his fourth tuneup in the minor leagues after one month in drug rehabiliation.
Playa Linda Beach Resort: seven nights, $699.50 for two.
These last are remarkable because they have high merit on their own without using Ellington ideas as a crutch.
argued in a memorandum to the White House that most of the effort would be spent testing patients who are unlikely to have been infected.
Later, said Rickey, Robinson could strike back with words, and with deeds - such as, after a pitcher threw close to his head, he'd lay a bunt down the first-base line that the pitcher would have to field, and then Robinson could legitimately run into him, trying to send him into right field.
Aprile Millo, though effectively submerged for most of the evening in Mr. Zeffirelli's stage-filling mobs of scuttling peasants, made a touching moment of her ''Signore, ascolta'' and all but carried the first scene of the final act with the extended drama that ended in her suicide.
No; the revived Hart campaign injects new excitement into the Democratic race and dashes only the dream of Mario Cuomo to be chosen at a brokered convention.
On the subject of drugs, Mayor Koch of New York City drew rounds of applause for an attack on the Federal Government, charging it with evading its responsibility.
You have to have an ax to get him out.
Rather, it is the track record of someone who comes from an eclectic, small-scale and uniquely Milanese background - in keeping with her years there as the art director of an architectural magazine and a furniture designer.
's long-term outlook was still bright after a slump that began in early 1985, when it was hurt by increased competition and a slowdown in spending by corporate computer users.
Mr. Ward was elected to Phi Beta Kappa.
During my youth in the South, I lived through the degrading experience of having to drink from a water fountain with a ''colored'' sign above my head, of having to enter restaurants through the back door, of sitting in the back of the bus and of using bathrooms designated ''colored.''
Of black art, we knew nothing at all, and it would have surprised us very much to know that Aaron Douglas's ''Emperor Jones'' series of woodcuts was as arresting as almost any performance of that formidable play.
The medical center here has started a therapy group of 30 prisoners from the Korean War and plans another group for those from World War II, she said.
''Water companies can reduce lead content by more than half by treating the water to make it less corrosive,'' says Jeanne Briskin, an E.P.A.
But she was more conciliatory in suggesting a way to ease Soviet apprehension about the American plan known as ''Star Wars.''
The issue arises whenever someone tears up credit-card carbons, looks over his shoulder while signing onto a computer or worries about the photocopying of a passport left with a hotel concierge.
Anibal Gordon, who headed a far-right group involved in kidnapping, extortion and murder during the military dictatorship, died of a heart attack Sunday night.
* Gerald Germain has been elected president of the Advertising Agency Financial Management Group, a unit of the New York Credit and Financial Management Association.
He visited his hometown and briefly lost his composure when he spoke about his parents.
You don't have to be a genius to foresee that this year will start with belt-tightening everywhere.
A classic cast of Agatha Christie-style characters gathers in a grand, remote country house in England.
Up front, there was enough hatred around in the Pacific and European theaters to motivate American soldiers to win battles.
''It's like running a delicatessen or a candy store,'' Mr. Mondello said.
Display cases highlight the perfidy of Christian clerics who collaborated with the czars and the Nazis.
''We cannot put an armed guard at the door of every woman who leaves her husband,'' Ms. Edwards acknowledged.
''The Mexican situation is special,'' Jacobo Zaidenweber, president of the United States-Mexico Chamber of Commerce, said at a recent news conference here.
Some have suggested that idols from various places might have been carried to the islands to protect them from destruction.
Time of Turmoil But the priest's dismissal comes at a time of turmoil for Roman Catholics in this country.
The peasant pas de deux had different music for the first female solo and resembled the current Bolshoi version.
The language is simple yet somber.
''But in film I love developing characters.
''I will take any job I can get with a liberal arts degree,'' she said.
Drexler, who had been 8 for 31 from the field in his previous two games, was 9 for 11 against the Nets.
He paid $100 million to settle civil charges and pleaded guilty to a fraud charge after admitting that he illegally bought inside information from several investment bankers and engaged in illegal stock-parking schemes.
''The vision and motor that made those things happen has been lost,'' Mr. Diamandis said.
''Out of an abundance of precaution I will protect myself,'' said Mr. Heller, who is now in private law practice in Sacramento.
Don't forget that they are not powerless.
As early as 1932, General Bertrand bought a bundle of miscellaneous secret documents dealing with the use of the encoding machine from a functionary of the German Ministry of Defense known as Asche.
Tyson, of course, is 21 years old and Holmes nearly twice that.
The Mayor said he was unsure whether members of the clergy were ''involved as much as they could be, should be or will be.''
''Before, I used to think that Chris and Martina were too much ahead of me when I played them,'' Graf said.
You take for granted that professional basketball players have that.
After the Giants won Super Bowl XXI last January, Parcells seemed to be flirting with the idea of leaving the Giants for significantly more money as the coach of the Atlanta Falcons.
Among the first people he hired, as chairman of Hibernia's bank subsidiary, was Mr. Masilla, a former Peat Marwick auditor who quickly moved into the role as chief budgeter and financial planner for the bank.
From the Rome Prize there could follow a lifetime of official commissions and prestigious appointments until, heavy with honors, the veteran workhorse was accorded a state funeral.
''What makes us particularly unique is our concession area,'' he said.
The crucial six-square-block downtown historic district acquired a new library and a new Mattatuck Museum and Historical Society, designed by the noted architect Cesar Pelli.
lacks the full substantiality of a real thing,'' and he objects to Matisse's ''Landscape at Collioure'' because ''it is simply not true that tree trunks are tomato red and dark mauve, or that the ground is lilac or blue.''
Scientists do not know what causes dopamine cells to die in Parkinson's patients.
It doesn't mean We the Audience of the United States are getting dumber.
The only hitch has been a tendency of some campaign staffs to spend more money than they have.
Walker's Cay Hotel (800-327-3714 or, in Florida, 800-432-2092) charges $100 for two without meals and offers a two-night package from Fort Lauderdale for $249 a person including air fare but no meals.
Usually, more than half of a Manhattan-based company's clerical workers live in Brooklyn or Queens.
It is also carefully adjusted to this choir and the upscale church music tradition from which such groups spring.
''It immediately helps formulate ideas.''
MEMBERS of the Senate Judiciary Committee had two goals, one stated and one unstated, when they convened last Monday for the hearing on the Supreme Court nomination of Judge Anthony M. Kennedy.
Further, he said, an Israeli official had told him a shipment to Iran in November 1985 consisted of oil drilling equipment.
However, it leaves the debate on that issue even more unsettled.
Only one aspect of the church's Baroque interior remains to be restored: Benjamin West's painting ''The Entombment of St.
As for the millions that changed hands in the weapons sale, vast sums seem to have been misplaced, lost, skimmed or stolen.
The battle for Grand National Team honors continued yesterday afternoon at the Beverly Club in Manhattan.
The Sandinistas need time to square their grip on the state and society.
As for the Presidential Unit Citation, the Army 's highest combat award to a unit, Army officers said an awards group would review the record and take into account material turned up by military historians.
Mr. Day's department fears imported fallow deer could infect other livestock and the white-tailed herd with various diseases.
Ever since, analysts have sifted the fine grains of this episode for lessons on nuclear deterrence, crisis management and creative diplomacy -lessons which, it is hoped, will help other leaders avoid, or at least defuse, future crises.
And at the movies I would have to worry about putting my arm around her, when to do it, how long to leave it there.
Her father is a sales representative for Smith Instrument Inc. in Detroit.
Strangely, Meacham said today that he did not want to go to another organization, even though he has spent only one full season with the Yankees and has been a favorite target of Steinbrenner.
Snacks are one of the selling points of its advertisements; the commercials feature appreciative passengers commenting on the food.
''If we're successful, the eventual winners in this project are going to be the public schools and other educational institutions,'' Dr. Stembler said.
Mr. Davis said blood tests would be carried out to determine whether the boy was Kendol Kernes, the missing infant.
Incentive stock options offered in a compensation package to attract and motivate executives might also be a factor in alternative minimum tax planning.
He bought me a green scooter when I was 4 or 5 and I left the scooter outside that afternoon and didn't remember it until the next morning, Feb. 15, which was Mom's birthday.
Hours: 11 A.M. to 8 P.M. Tuesday; 11 A.M. to 6 P.M. Wednesday.
The agency also said it would begin conceptual studies of liquid-fueled booster rockets to determine if they, too, might be appropriate for future shuttle propulsion systems.
The decision to drop Thiokol, which had held the booster contract for more than two decades, in favor of the Hercules Aerospace Company was made by McDonnell Douglas Astronautics, primary contractor for the military rockets.
The Manhattan District Attorney, Robert M. Morgenthau, said at a news conference at his office that Revillon had admitted that from Sept. 1, 1980, to Feb. 6, 1985, ''in keeping with corporation policy, officers and employees made false entries into the firm's business records concerning where and how fur garments were delivered to retail customers.''
In short, he said, Mr. du Pont could not match Vice President Bush and Senator Bob Dole of Kansas in terms of experience, so he chose to engage in a battle of ideas.
Thus his recital was one to delight the inquiring piano student but more likely to disappoint the musical ear.
Proper Socks Socks have three purposes: To absorb and perhaps wick moisture away, to prevent the shoe from rubbing and causing blisters and calluses, and to provide added cushioning (only cyclists, skaters and soccer players wear thin socks).
What's remarkable is that in a span of 10 days, Iowa, which hasn't finished better than fifth in the Big Ten in the last four seasons, beat each of those others, two of them on the road.
But Hollywood was aware of his potential more than a year ago.
The dollar sank again yesterday against most major currencies as dealers anticipated more bad news about the American trade deficit.
We have seen the enemy, and the enemy is that guy with the press card.
And ''Give it to them!''
He went around openly boasting that he'd stolen money from Smallwood.
The Canadiens came out strong for the second period, but Chevrier was sharp, stopping Mike McPhee.
His comeback, after two years in a humble job at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, may cause new problems for a controversial weapon in President Reagan's Strategic Defense Initiative.
They serve about 10 million Americans and are generally small systems in heavily industrialized areas, agency officials said.
Until this year, it was held in Rhode Island.
Both men are now in prison in Kiev and are expected to go on trial the first week in July.
In that case he automatically becomes superior, and will ''extend a hand as part of his benevolence.''
''It's all one industry,'' he said.
On Monday night, however, I entered the household television zone in search of Proust's ''Remembrance of Things Past.''
Intelligence Called Legal General Secord said neither he nor Mr. Casey believed it to be against the law to supply intelligence information to the contras, although the law specifically barred military assistance.
Yet there's also about ''Alpine Fire'' the sort of noble, trumped-up romanticism with which Mr. Delannoy and Jean Aurenche, his collaborator, treated problems fairly remote to the rest of us.
The dollar's latest trouble comes at a time when the stock market is considered very vulnerable, mainly because of an overabundance of success recently.
Most of the airline's problems came from its operations in San Francisco, Mr. Hastings said, attributing them to bad weather and air traffic delays.
To the Editor: In ''Feminists vs. Civil Libertarians'' (Op-Ed, Nov. 8) Stephen Gillers warns feminists that they will isolate themselves from civil libertarians who ''protect everyone'' and lose ''political power and public position'' if they continue to condemn pornography, anti-abortion pickets and trial tactics that ''focus on the victims' supposed promiscuity.''
Concord hosts an ongoing series of concerts by jazz, pop, choral and country groups and such other visitors as the Vienna Philharmonic under Leonard Bernstein.
Today his fashions are sold in 22 countries; in New York they are available at Barneys, Macy's, Bergdorf Goodman and Charivari.
He said the catalysts sold by Engelhard and by Harshaw/Filtrol were ''really complementary -there's no overlap.''
As Renee borrows his knife, Spalding takes out a package of The Three Castles, a mild Virginian tobacco.
Indeed, it has now moved higher in seven of the last eight trading days.
My best to Mrs. Nakasone, or Mrs. Yasuhiro as the case may be.
The network, confident that it can keep putting on its television programs with only minor glitches and upsets, did not budge from its imperious stand in a weeklong series of mediation talks initiated by John Cardinal O'Connor.
He said he was technically correct since a foul-up had prevented the money from from arriving in a Swiss bank account.
We have too much information about the ballet today.
Our outside shooting made our inside game more effectively, especially in the fourth quarter when they challenged us.''
International A2-7 Latin ministers apparently failed to make significant progress toward carrying out a new Central America peace plan after two days of meetings in San Salvador, diplomats involved in the talks said.
Bill Madlock, signed by Detroit in the afternoon, hit a two-run homer and two singles.
He allows himself to be strapped into an electric chair, the tightening sensation of which makes him think of an animal he has seen getting its throat cut in a kosher slaughterhouse.
Until the mid-1980's, farming with little or no chemicals was considered practical only for small farmers and hobbyists who could more easily rotate crops and spend time working the land.
Similarly, blacks at all income levels must redouble their efforts against problems like teen-age pregnancy and family instability that disproportionately affect poor blacks and hurt their chances for economic and social advancement.
In the Polsky curriculum, students are introduced to a Latin family of paterfamilias Claudius, mater Antonia, filius Lucius, filia Claudia and their slaves and follow them through such adventures as a sightseeing tour of Rome with country cousins.
The museum is open daily from 10 A.M. to 9 P.M. until Sept. 8, when it begins closing at 5; on Sundays the opening hours are from noon to 9.
LPGA TOUR: Sarasota Classic, at Bent Tree Country Club, Sarasota, Fla. HOCKEY ISLANDERS VS. OILERS, at Edmonton, Alberta, 9:35 P.M. (TV -SportsChannel, 9:30 P.M. Radio -WOR 710, 9:30 P.M.) OTHER EVENTS HARNESS RACING: Roosevelt 7:30P.M.
The Park Avenue Atrium (between 45th and 46th Streets), is a bustling spot at lunchtime when the hurried and ravenous office crowds pour into the towering arena, intent on sustenance.
'Market Woman' Phenomenon Today, she is one of the ''Nana Benz,'' about 15 formidable and savvy women who control Togo's cloth trade.
Pitching Rotation When a starting pitcher is struggling, managers will often send them to the bullpen so they can work out their problems.
Practice-round tickets (July 20-22) are $8 each; tickets for the championship rounds (July 23-26) are $16 each.
In addition to these cases, the state says, Pratley prescribed the amphetamine Dexedrine for Glen Kozlowski when the star B.Y.U.
With Winfield gone, Salas was put into Winfield's position in the batting order, leaving the Yankees with all nine batters playing the field, looking like a National League team.
Norton A. Stuart, executive vice president of operations, will replace Mr. Clark as president, as well as assume the duties of chief operating officer.
The frigates can carry two helicopters to warn of foes ahead.
Classicists abhor electronic sounds, and swear they can hear a synthesized oboe solo a mile away.
Perhaps the most impressive difference, though, is in strikeouts.
''They want change, and I think the supervisors as a whole are ready.''
''We resisted this for a long time,'' the general manager of University Transport, Mary Ann Albrecht, said.
In a rare twist of nature, a massive, shifting sand bar has paralyzed traffic on the Mississippi River, stalling hundreds of barges here with millions of tons in cargo in a nautical gridlock on the nation's busiest inland waterway.
* Unless your tastes run to the bizarre, stay away from houses with ''unusual floor plans,'' ''decorated with an eclectic feeling,'' or billed as ''must-sees for the fanciful.''
Orbiting the Earth, the solar-powered space station will serve as a manned laboratory and a launching point for the exploration of other planets.
The recommendations of the task force are in keeping with recent proposals made nationally to upgrade the quality of teacher training.
He needs at least two strong white candidates to split the white turnout, so he can make the most of black votes in all those Southern states.
The sudden and secret departure, observed by at least three French security agencies, was reportedly ordered by King Fahd after the rioting in Mecca between Iranians and other Moslems.
He said the plans envision a defeat of the United States-backed rebels by 1990 and a continuing military buildup thereafter.
Dr. Irving Weissman, a member of the National Academy of Sciences steering committee on AIDS, said money for urgent research on AIDS had been diverted from immunobiology, developmental biology, virology and other areas.
It is perhaps not surprising, but still a little ironic, that the eminent mathematician Kurt Godel, who demonstrated the impossibility of a closed system of proof in his own discipline, hesitated about becoming a naturalized citizen because he could not pledge support to a Constitution ''so full of inconsistencies.''
Old Shatterhand's outsiderdom, by contrast, seems purely superficial.
Brodie Matches His Best The 67 carded by the 51-year-old Brodie, who joined the Senior Tour in 1985, matched his best round this season.
The proposal drew criticism from Senator Dan Quayle, an Indiana Republican.
It was a familiar dilemma.
''At that time, we weren't trying to preserve history,'' he said in an interview about 10 years ago.
A couple's marriage is seriously strained when they strike it rich in journalism.
Sherman is larger still, with a population of more than 1,000, and its services include a small library and a gymnasium where recreation programs are offered.
Tamales for starters are moist and delicious little cigars of corn masa and chicken steamed in corn husks, brightened with sharp-edged mole sauce ($4.95); frijoles charros, smoky-tasting pinto beans blended with tomato, onion and corn, make a rousing side dish ($2.25); tuna marinated in mole sauce and seared outside, nearly sashimi in the center, is delicious if you go for that style of cooking ($14.95).
One that, unlike her husband, she has not been able to escape amid the hours of meetings, practices and games that have taken up the coach's recent days.
I said it louder, a second time.
Born in 1883 in the Jewish community of Kovno in Lithuania, he decided not to become a merchant like his father, choosing instead to learn a trade so that he could emigrate to America.
The Atlantis Casino Hotel is experimenting with a new and, it hopes, cheaper lure: slot machine tokens.
Food price increases in Eastern Europe have sometimes touched off protest and political instability.
'You Should Be Ashamed' Such attitudes are far from universally accepted; at Covenant Day ceremonies elsewhere across the country today, speakers belonging to conservative opposition groups urged the rejection of any moves toward a racial accommodation.
The raising of prices on highly subsidized basic items is a touchy political issue in Egypt, with the Government mindful of widespread rioting that broke out when the price of bread went up in 1977.
However, many of the statements in the article are misconceptions and must be corrected lest they negatively affect perceptions of the community college system.
After tugging in different directions for months, the United States and its chief economic allies tried again this weekend to pull together to stabilize their currencies and reduce trade imbalances.
D'Amato eventually became Tyson's legal guardian and Tyson would introduce Ewald to visitors as his ''mother.''
Dr. Drew Altman, the state's Commissioner of Human Services, said the program was ''an investment that will pay for itself if just 15 percent of the families on welfare come off the welfare rolls.''
I don't know whether to do it or not.
''I don't wear jewelry,'' he said.
Negotiations on a free-trade agreement between Canada and the United States remain bogged down over Canada's insistence on immunity from retaliatory measures.
I have three children of my own, and this little girl was just the age of Tommy.
He also wanted to change because being early for lunch appointments was what he called ''high caloric.''
The weekends bring more hospital rounds.
Within seconds he was shouting and swinging his arms as if he would strike her.
Oil prices at the New York Mercantile Exchange moved higher on news that Ecuador had suspended oil exports for an indefinite period because an earthquake had damaged a large pipeline, said Nauman Barakat, an analyst in New York with Smith Barney, Harris Upham & Company.
After a lob inbound pass by John Williams went over his teammates' heads, Dennis Rodman of Detroit kept it from going out of bounds and Joe Dumars tapped the ball away as time expired.
As the deadline neared, Ringuet called Woodward with a new proposal, two years for $1.75 million, down significantly from his earlier two-year, $2.5 million demand.
''I'm not saying that scoring three goals tonight will make me overly optimistic about getting 50, but it certainly improves my chances.''
Work on the home stopped in late February, after Keith Prong of Hastings tortured and murdered Mary Moynahan, 78 years old, of Hastings, and her sister, Dorothy Perkins, 70, of Haslett.
A second offense increases the fines, $500 to $1,000, at least two days in jail and license suspension for two years.
'No Facts, Dates or Times' ''You can't ignore allegations,'' Mr. Holbrook said today.
''The Government should not have been so macho last week.
Joe Robbie, the team's owner, has directed the planning for the new 74,835-seat stadium the Miami Dolphins will move into this season, 15 miles north of the Orange Bowl.
Chrysler's offer is for the 54 percent of A.M.C.
He keeps up with movies at the nearby Secaucus Mall and makes films whenever he and his pals can scrape together the money.
Further digging has taken him into one of the villa's outer rooms, where he could see decorative mosaics on the floors.
In his debut in the bigtime, he struck out two of the first three batters he faced in the ninth, he retired four in a row and then faced Leonard in the 10th with his .368 batting average and his home-run stroke to right-center.
It was an opening tailor-made for Mr. Hurtig, who used Government statistics to back his argument that an increasing role for United States companies in Canada was likely to diminish employment.
''Our reach is still less than any of the other networks,'' said Bill Headline, Washington bureau chief for CNN.
''Malone'' is offbeat, being about a former law officer who busts a ring of fascists planning to take over the Government.
Because of a production error, the Practical Traveler column in some copies of the Travel section last week omitted three lines beneath the drawing.
More important, the President's precise role could raise questions about the credibility of key Administration officials, particularly Mr. Regan, who has been under intense pressure to leave his job.
The interior of one public marsh I occasionally gun can only be reached by a salt creek with many channels and arms, only one of which leads to the heart of the marsh and which can float a boat.
Without official involvement, he said, it would not be permitted.
I also want to add insulation, but because the area is so narrow, I want to put the insulation on the outside.
Not only am I enjoying the unexpected exercise on this fine winter day, I have just saved myself $20.
The Government did permit a prayer service in Myongdong Cathedral by about 500 clerics, but three and sometimes four barricades and frequent volleys of tear gas kept everyone else away.
The result was the bubbling up of what could actually be called Chekhovian comedy - which, as ''September'' illustrates, evaporates instantly whevever Chekhov's themes and situations are regurgitated in deadly earnest.
It didn't work out that way.''
''If Mira is playing in Orange Bowl, John will be playing with him.''
British observers familiar with the American scene compare the ''opting out'' plan to a system advocated by the Reagan Administration in which parents would be issued vouchers they could use to pay for educating their children at the school of their choice.
For Binx, the world drained of meaning, there is nothing to do but go to the movies, ''Where Happiness Costs So Little,'' according to the marquee on his neighborhood theater.
In return, the American companies often give their technology to the other company.
Haley would stay home for a day or two, watch television, then return to college and running.
The positions taken by the association's House of Delegates at their midyear meeting here would place some limits on the rights of injury victims to sue and recover damages, but they are less far-reaching than measures adopted by many state legislatures in the name of ''tort reform.''
Some French officials have criticized President Reagan's proposals at the Reykjavik summit meeting last year and the proposals to ban medium- and shorter-range missiles.
''Outland'' (1981), with Sean Connery, is a sci-fi ''High Noon'' with some striking effects - Tuesday evening at 8 on Cinemax.
Each vendor at the Piazza Borghese offers prints on a variety of subjects, including delicate studies of flora and fauna; a lovely botanical print of a St. Barnaby's thistle and a study of a lesser gray mullet in subtle shades of green sold for about $15 each.
Powers rejects ''the common assumption that secrecy was the sole basis of Hoover's power.''
Just because the journalists were bored, however, doesn't mean the N4004 is a bad camera.
If the answer to either question is no, Hatch won't take your case.
At least nine people were killed.
''After you die,'' he said, ''the kids come into the house looking for the insurance forms.
Documents show reductions for the Departments of Education, Agriculture, Commerce, Energy, Interior and Transportation.
Dr. Ames said in an interview that the ranking system should help people ''make sense of the many reports they see about this or that chemical causing cancer in animals.''
As in many United States cities, some neighborhoods are more dangerous than others.
And let's face it, the Tonys do generate extra business.''
Owned by Barbara and Clint Galbraith, Call for Rain ended the season with 12 victories in 14 starts and earnings of $469,188.
In little more than a year, the program is already nearly halfway to its ultimate goal of 40 million acres by 1990, more than 10 percent of the country's total cropland.
Could the two pilots have been shot?
''As a political idea .
Mr. Rutherford's contention that native wildlife has a great deal going for it is quite true.
The other, made of a fiber taken from ferns, similar in appearance to shuro but stiffer, is shaped like the slender Japanese pipe, called a kiseru, that holds only a thimbleful of tobacco.
His problems mounted last week, as the Internal Revenue Service, the Postal Service and the Justice Department formally opened criminal investigations of the ministry's finances.
For both of these reasons, the responsibility for the crash had to be removed from Wall Street.
Cotto's itinerary has looked like this: Columbus to New York on May 4, New York to Columbus on June 2, Columbus to New York on June 5, New York to Columbus on June 30, Columbus to New York on July 8.
''You just don't expect it,'' Dave Winfield said later.
(This sounds odd since 150 years ago there were no Communists in Poland.
But lawyers for Mr. Atkins, the managing partner of the Securities Groups, an umbrella organization for several investment partnerships, said that their client had never made a transaction without the approval of lawyers and that much of what the Government said was a conspiracy was nothing more than the normal course of business for modern investment houses.
Subtle flavors of peaches and spices.
To hear him perform in a setting as acoustically sumptuous as St. Clement's Church is reason enough to attend this odd, music-theater piece, which plays there through Saturday.
To command widespread support, new ventures in social policy reform must absorb the lessons of both the 1960's and the 1980's.
Mr. Li, who is the adopted son of Zhou Enlai, studied electrical engineering in Moscow in the 1950's.
But because of the disparity in salaries -Cartwright earns $1.1 million, Mullin just $375,000 - and the restrictions of the salary cap, it was never a serious option.
Kunsthalle, Grabbeplatz 4; telephone, 131469.
The success of the book with nonacademic reviewers in Europe since its first appearance in Italy in 1983, including such distinguished ones as the late Italo Calvino, did not appease Galileo scholars, who on the whole have tended to reject Mr. Redondi's main thesis; indeed, the book's success may have made them more vehement.
Strain the broth through a sieve or a colander.
The attention has focused on several large pension funds that have introduced resolutions opposing ''poison pills'' - which allow companies to shield themselves from hostile bidders by making it very expensive to buy out shareholders.
Vestervig lies where the natural harbor of the Lim Fjord runs out into the North Sea, and it is nothing but a name and a cathedral-sized church for a city that never was.
''My cat's a professional nutritionist,'' the doctor reports.
To get there, take the Thruway to Exit 19 in Kingston, Route 28 west and Route 375 north into Woodstock.
Asked if any ill feeling remained, Steinbrenner said: ''I couldn't care.
He was at home as if the whole of the North were only his backyard.
''More important, we want to attract a new and perhaps younger audience to Lincoln Center.''
When extended, they give increased lift to the airplane.
Calling for an overhaul of the state's bridge inspections, the commission recommended that inspectors review design plans before inspections, that the designs be evaluated periodically and that underwater inspections be made.
''The game made me a grandmother,'' she said.
A traffic flow system in the center of the city will be started in May to reduce traffic.
''So students are coming back to campus.''
You understand, don't you, Tilley?
Antoni Niemczak of Poland, the runner-up in the 1986 New York City Marathon who later was disqualified when a drug test detected the use of a steroid, will not receive any prize money, Fred Lebow, the race's director, said yesterday.
'A Lot of Opportunities' He also said he hoped agreements could be reached with the Port Authority, which runs the airports and bus stations; the Javits Convention Center, and various city institutions and agencies to provide operators with their own curbside stands.
As for the prices that make the headlines, they should be considered in relation to the central, everlasting, immutable fact that under the eye of eternity no amount of money is worth a great work of art.
The imbalance in conventional forces will be what it was before the Soviet Union broke the status quo with SS-20's.
The top aides said the proposal in the draft would be deleted from the final report that the Governor is due to receive Friday from his Transportation Commissioner, Franklin E. White.
''It helped me to realize I'm somebody,'' Laura said.
What can I use for this?
It would be that kind of dramatic comeback all season for Knight, and the Mets.
It is asking for the right to veto loans or changes in bank policies if its executive director on the bank board and one other director agree.
Some suppliers foresee jurisdictional battles with Nassau County, which hired a consultant to draft a countywide water management plan.
And the Internal Revenue Service has proposed revoking its tax-exempt status because of excessive payments to former PTL chairman Jim Bakker, his family and other officers, according to a confidential I.R.S.
But several political analysts say Mr. Roh is far from the shoo-in he once seemed to be.
Goalies Have Played Well In the last few games, Vanbiesbrouck and Bob Froese have played well, making impressive saves on the first shots they face.
The treaty would not permit officials on either side to inspect some suspicious-looking plants or go inside factories that make missiles.
The fish are headed for the waters where they were born and where they will spawn as warmth returns.
The money for the program comes from the Federal Job Training Partnership Act, which goes to the State Department of Labor, which then disburses it among the nine council offices in the state.
Mr. Enrile, who retains strong support within the military, had campaigned against the constitution among the troops.
''I'm going to play Wednesday night,'' he said after practice, ''unless something happens between now and Wednesday.''
The sets for the Broadway musical ''Anything Goes.''
The future bride's mother, Margaret Badum Melady, is the director of government affairs at the Stauffer Chemical Company in Westport, Conn. Mr. Morin is an accountant in Paris.
''In 1960, the Foreign Minister was going abroad and I had to make a Western suit for him,'' Mr. Tian said.
Song is the language of happiness, youth and therefore of paradise - Milton's Adam and Eve spend all their time in Eden singing, and doing a few light chores in the garden - and Mr. Lees in recalling musicians he loves admits that the joy they afforded him can only be remembered, not recovered.
Who goes to the theater in 1987 expecting to tap into the life-or-death mainstream of national life - hoping to feel the sense of urgency, community and catharsis experienced even by those monitoring the far-off story of the girl and the well in ''Radio Days''?
The city would administer the resulting $3 million fund, making subsidized loans to performing arts groups to acquire and renovate rehearsal space.
As things now stand, the I.N.F.
But we have not committed ourselves to elections this way or that way.''
Mr. Jablonski places Gershwin's accomplishments in historical perspective, hailing the 1924 production of ''Lady, Be Good!''
According to the official, Mr. Walsh believes that documents after Nov. 25 are now part of his investigation and should be sought directly from him, not the Justice Department.
(''If you say 'Pitkin Avenue' everybody says, 'Oh really?
PEOPLE, PLANES AND BAGS ON THE MOVE The following are among the many new features at O'Hare: A: People Mover: High-speed rail cars rush passengers from remote parking lots to moving sidewalks in the terminals.
However, there have been many influential enlisters, some earlier and some later, in the Ives army: Elliott Carter, John Kirkpatrick, Henry Cowell, Lou Harrison, John Becker, Leopold Stokowski, Harold Farberman, William Masselos, Gunther Schuller, Eugene Ormandy, Michael Tilson Thomas, Evelyn Lear, Thomas Stewart, Gilbert Kalish, Jan DeGaetani - to name a few good soldiers almost at random.
Comparatively few of the group's analog recordings have yet been transferred to CD, but apparently quite a few of these recordings will turn up in the next few years.
Pieces of a Book The Arents Collections is actually two collections.
Although factional fighting in Beirut after 12 years of crushing civil war is almost a daily affair, the clashes of the last two days have been unrivaled in their intensity, the firepower used by the combatants and the area affected.
'Phenomenal Piece of Luck' ''Dr.
The tapes sometimes showcase great scoring efforts, great saves by the goalies, sometimes funny incidents.
Isao Aoki, one of Japan's top golfers, shot a 68 for 138 and shared third place with countryman Saburo Fujiki, who also had a 68.
Hidden from view beneath the stream and in surrounding mudflats is a flourishing ecosystem inhabited by mussels, crabs and countless other tiny creatures.
''When the 2,330 support level was broken about 3:25 P.M., it created a mild panic and triggered a big wave of computerized selling activity,'' said Eugene E. Peroni Jr., chief technical analyst at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia.
As with any idea, aspects of this one can be questioned.
HALPIN: I don't think it's leadership to be providing the County Legislature two budgets.
A remarkable bipartisan consensus has been achieved, and it appears likely that this Congress will pass welfare reform legislation.
But Ms. Livingston contended that there was an ''emotional symbolism that goes along with feeding somebody, but in this case he has no sense of hunger, no sense of thirst.
official raised questions about his lack of experience in foreign intelligence analysis.
It suggests these steps: * A mammogram (breast X-ray) should be taken between the ages of 35 and 39, to be used later for comparison.
Some of them have been meeting almost every day in New York, and around the country and in Rome with Roman Catholic cardinals and bishops.
* In other orchestral activity this week, the Eastern Connecticut Symphony, thriving in its new home at the Garde Theater in New London as well as under the baton of its new music director, Paul Phillips, has prepared an intriguing program Saturday at 8 P.M. Suites by Faure and Falla enclose a pair of rarely performed works of this century, ''The Infernal Machine'' by Christopher Rouse and the Villa-Lobos Concerto, with a young Brazilian cellist, Claudio Jaffe, as guest soloist (443-2876).
The store's most dramatic feature is its operatic staircase, which sweeps upward from the middle of the ground floor.
Deputy Prime Minister Zbigniew Szalajda was named to head the Government commission investigating the crash, the worst in Polish history.
Developers at Microsoft are continuing to improve DOS.
At the University of Massachusetts, out-of-state and foreign enrollments are limited to 15 percent of the undergraduates and the academic requirements for admission are more demanding than for residents, according to Joseph D. Duffey, the chancellor.
Their generation, including spouses, counts among its members a United States Senator (John D. Rockefeller 4th, Democrat of West Virginia), a psychiatrist, several other doctors, a college dean, lawyers and business executives.
L. Brent Bozell, executive director of the National Conservative Political Action Committee, of which Mr. Channell was once a staff member, described Mr. Channell as a loner.
The findings in a recent study by Diane Ravitch, an adjunct professor at Teachers College of Columbia University, and an assistant education secretary, Chester Finn, that showed many 17-year-old high school students did not know some basic facts of American history neither surprises nor dismays Mr. Bruckner.
Mr. Hora has just completed a study for his firm, determining which companies out of 300 large ones have the best maintenance.
Publishers were asked to respond on or before Sept. 28, and the complete manuscript was promised on Oct. 31.
's inspector-general is investigating the Tower commission's report that some of the agency's field officers were involved in helping Colonel North arrange construction of a private airstrip in Costa Rica to aid the Nicaraguan counterrevolutionaries, but has not yet made his report.
The Broadway is owned by the Shubert Organization; the Gershwin by its rival, the Nederlander Organization.
Three weeks ago the Emergency Management Agency notified the town of Westhampton Beach, L.I., that 28 homes were in violation of Federal and local building regulations that had been established for flood-prone areas.
''The professor was appalled to discover that it would take $400,000 to purchase the same house here,'' she said.
No one, of course, knows the vulnerabilities lurking inside us.
Laura Davies of England, who hits a golf ball as far as any woman in the history of the game, survived another day of intense heat and humidity and a double bogey at the Plainfield Country Club to take the lead into the clubhouse midway through the 42d United States Women's Open championship.
: Rapid City Thrillers vs. Albany Patroons, Eastern Division championship (TV - ESPN, noon).
But Mr. Sanfuentes denied allegations by the police that members of a Communist youth organization were among the several hundred young people who used stones and sticks to attack police officers, unarmed volunteer guards and civilians in the park.
But that morning, a man who identified himself as Nelan Sweet, a lawyer for Bussard, called to say that his client had left town on business.
Ask the computaholic a question, and he answers, ''Huh?''
and the plaintiffs reached a tentative settlement in July.
There were, the purser said, ''no organized activities, not much to do, the ship [ was mine ] to explore, don't go on decks during storms.
His next project is the New York City Cab Driver's Workout, the video.
Mr. McCormack will continue as chief executive officer and editorial director of St. Martin's, an American subsidiary of Macmillan Ltd., which has been a family business for 150 years.
Current regulations require that a foreign manufacturer of such things as CAT scanners, personal computers and other advanced products containing even the smallest portion of American components get special authorization from Washington if the product is exported.
These young East Germans are regularly sent back from the border of Czechoslovakia, the only country an average East German can enter without a visa.
New York tries to warn all sexual contacts because many homosexual men in stable relationships have no idea they may have been infected.
''Twenty percent's not enough based on what we're seeing,'' said Frank Polizzi.
American Express's commitment to the military sometimes meant dangerous assignments.
After Dlugy's aggressive 11 O-O-O, it would have been doubtful to enliven the black position by 11...P-B4?!
The final tally gave Mr. Hiler 75,979 votes and his Democratic challenger, Thomas W. Ward, 75,932.
Elie Chaib, the father figure, stands alone at the outset.
Some are short, three to five inches above the knee, but the most graceful by far are knee-length, which some women wear with black stockings.
The Transportation Department said one of the major reasons for failure to meet schedules was unrealistic scheduling by airlines that sought to attract passengers by offering unattainable takeoff and landing times.
The woman who said she actually saw the whites beating the black man told the police that she would be unable to identify the assailants beyond describing them as ''young'' and ''dressed in typical clothes,'' such as jeans and ski jackets, she said.
She Prefers Younger Men In the interview with The Associated Press and other news organizations, held at the Miami law office of Thomas W. McAliley, who said he had known Mr. Hart since 1969, Ms. Rice said she spent Friday and Saturday nights at Mr. Broadhurst's house.
In the 1970's, people briefly feared an upsurge of Arab ownership.
Such a permit system was, I thought, characteristic of the way Communist countries and other dictatorships control the travels of their citizens.
All eight men and all eight stories stand as beautifully, pitifully, terribly true.''
''You're working hard, you're doing well, and then'' - he holds up an imaginary bank statement - ''you're always bloody overdrawn!
* In the same speech, Judge Kennedy said ''there is room for argument about the wisdom'' of the extraordinary procedure by which the Supreme Court expedited a case pending in a lower court in order to require President Nixon to surrender the Watergate tapes to a special prosecutor in 1974.
Without spoken words - or a rereading of the original work - one would be lost in the thicket of the plot.
These soft jazz elements take on a positive quality when the tempos pick up and Mr. Malinverni's flow of notes assumes a Bud Powell coloration with a driving attack that is ably supported and often stimulated by Michael Moore's bass.
The above wasn't uttered exactly on the heels of the latest scandal in big-time college athletics, which resulted in a punishment meted out to Southern Methodist University by the National Collegiate Athletic Association for paying filthy lucre to young men with thick necks who were hungry for a college education.
Performance times are 8 P.M. Saturday and 3 P.M. next Sunday, both at the historic Music Hall Theater in Tarrytown (631-3390).
Richardson admitted no guilt but agreed to pay the State Farm insurance company $9,748, the amount of an insurance check intended to be used to reimburse a repair shop for work on his wife's Mercedes Benz.
But Government spokesmen, responding to the new Libyan raid on Wednesday, seemed anxious to rule out what they called an ''escalation'' of the conflict.
Pictures of New York a century ago, when the tallest structure in town was a church steeple, give just the same impression as pictures of New York do now; by which I mean the impression of a great and generous metropolis rising out of the sea, tall, strong, volatile, attended by ships and swarming with strange persons.
Officials of the park, which inherited the surrounding land from the Tennessee Valley Authority after the dam was built, say the Government offered to move the graves but made no further promises.
The coach knew right then that this young man was special.
Sultry starlets will probably never sing ''Venturis are a girl's best friend.''
The brakeman, with the engineer's permission, jumped from the cab and suffered a fractured limb.
Sometimes, he will suggest two services, one for family and one for friends.
Mr. Mpicha, who spoke to a reporter in the presence of Government representatives, described the ''bandits'' as young men without uniforms.
At Embassy 4, Broadway and 47th Street; Eastside Cinema, Third Avenue between 55th and 56th Streets; Movieland Eighth Street Triplex, at University Place; Orpheum Twin, 86th Street near Third Avenue; Coliseum Twin, Broadway at 181st Street; Movie Center 5, 125th Street between Powell and Douglass Boulevards, and other theaters.
Two buildings totaling 50,000 square feet are under construction, and two more are planned.
So the Giants won the game, 5-4, in 10 innings and the Mets took another tumble.
Three of last year's four major tournament winners were among a group tied at 141: Ray Floyd, the defending Open champion; Greg Norman, the British Open champ, and Bob Tway, the PGA Champion.
On the second round, they picked Collins from Fullerton State; Howard from Washington State; Pepper Johnson, a linebacker from Ohio State, and Greg Lasker, a safety from Arkansas.
He was sentenced in 1981 to seven years at hard labor, to be followed by five years of exile in a remote region, on a charge of anti-Soviet agitation and propaganda.
Trivia History Candidate The half inning undoubtedly will go down in trivia history: When did a team, in one inning, use five pitchers, who gave up no hits and no runs and pitched to only five batters?
He said his first recollections were of people screaming and a doctor giving emergency treatment to a woman who was tossed between cars.
Age has barely slowed him down or altered his philosphy.
''You see students lolling about on the lawns together.
Lucy, Lady Duff Gordon, the Couturiere ''Lucile,'' and Elinor Glyn, Romantic Novelist.
However, there is no clear correlation between estimates and stock prices, since analysts have generally been cutting their profit projections since the bull market began in August 1982.
But the United States and West Germany oppose spelling that out in a Soviet-American pact.
''It was kind of a fluke,'' she says.
Entrusted with the estates of Barnett Newman, Arshile Gorky and Tony Smith, he was as attentive to the low-keyed naturalism of Catherine Murphy as to the enlightened Francophilia of Joan Mitchell, the roistering vision of Malcolm Morley and the sweet severities of Walter de Maria.
Officials who have reviewed Mr. McDonald's findings said they expected he would be given approval to seek indictments.
''We thought they might make an offer like this and we expected them to go public early if the offer was made,'' an American official said.
This is largely because the committees, often accused of political influence-buying, are now finding that they cannot satisfy candidates' demands for money.
Construction has begun on two housing developments.
We'll even keep an apartment empty despite our need for the rental income.
It would be an easy matter, experts said, for small boats to rendezvous in the gulf with supply ships to transfer explosives.
In the great days of the Cecil and the Rue Rosette, Abu Qir was a fishing village 18 miles out of town.
The Humanitas Prize honors television writing that offers ''enriching human values'' or explores ''the meaning of human life,'' criteria which in principle leave plenty of room for interpretation.
Kuwait is arranging for Soviet tankers to carry oil from its ports, and these probably will be escorted by Soviet naval vessels.
Thomas K. Turnage, the agency administrator, said that the Administration would eliminate funds for veterans regarded as having the lowest priority for hospital care under a law passed last year.
Mr. Hart said he could not confirm exactly what Mr. Bush had said.
Rhythmically, the music's roots are in Africa.
Paul H. Nitze is arms adviser to Secretary of State George P. Shultz.
Mr. Homenick said the fugitive did not try to resist.
* The prospective designations of large historic districts on the Upper West Side and along Ladies' Mile - the old retail hub between Union Square and Madison Square.
3.Spread the nuts on a flat baking sheet in one layer.
The indictment said that Chrysler had failed to tell car buyers about the accumulated mileage or the repairs.
A man who identified himself as a Roman Catholic priest and counseled relatives of victims of the Northwest Airlines crash here last month may actually have been an impostor soliciting cases for a lawyer, officials say.
The insider trading scandal, at first, had decimated the junk bond market, which has rebounded for nearly everything but high-risk hostile takeovers.
Sunday River has seen a 60 percent growth in business over the last two years, said Mr. Otten, who controls 95 percent of the company's stock.
International Control's chairman, Uzi Zucker, is a director of Bear, Stearns.
Martin, Marshall, Jaccoma & Mitchell, until recently Martin, Sturtevant, Silverman & Marshall, has become North American agency for Olympia International, the marketer of the German-made office equipment.
Under Virginia law she would not have had to take the test if she had been a resident, because she had previously demonstrated legal competence by passing the Illinois bar examination and was willing to commit herself to practicing full time in Virginia.
Quinn, in the last year of a three-year pact with Los Angeles, was expelled from the league last month because he had accepted money from the Canucks - while still coaching the Kings - to become their general manager next season.
Classes in Colorado Springs will participate and the Kendall/Hunt Publishing Company of Dubuque, Iowa, will contribute $2.9 million and publish course materials.
Allan Hendrickse, the only mixed-race member of the Cabinet, was interpreted by some analysts as a move to enable him to oppose the report.
Addiction, Mr. Murphy notes, is progressive, chronic and finally lethal.
Should the Hostage Act be repealed or amended?
treaty,'' he said, ''but I will not be able to do so unless there is a link to reducing the advantage the Soviet Union has in conventional forces.''
WALTER BRECHER New York, July 23, 1987 Hartsdale, N.Y., Aug. 1, 1987
Other late dollar rates in Europe, compared with late Thursday's rates, included: 1.7915 West German marks, up from 1.7780; 1.4735 Swiss francs, up from 1.4650; 5.9875 French francs, up from 5.9505; 2.0210 Dutch guilders, up from 2.0085; 1,295.00 Italian lire, up from 1,278.75, and 1.3350 Canadian dollars, unchanged.
Those in favor of takeovers are putting the cart before the horse.
Once the tool bites firmly, discontinue downward pressure and let the tap cut on its own.
What the committees' report has done with the legal questions, however, is to issue a one-sided legal brief that pretends the Administration did not even have worthwhile arguments to make.
''Like Colonel North, I've made a few bad judgments in my life, too,'' said Anne Foster, a county employee.
Still, something seems to have changed.
Upstairs, works of the Romantics, Realists and the artists of a particular brand of Spanish Impressionism are displayed.
Few women except the wealthy, the experts said, can afford to leave the home and live decently, yet to enter a battered women's shelter, a woman must be on welfare.
Herbert W. Chilstrom, both of Minneapolis, and and two Manhattan pastors, the Rev.
They say they expect the price canners pay this year for their crop to be at least 10 percent below last year's price, The reasons for their problems: Domestic overproduction caused largely by the sweeping improvements in agricultural technology they have boasted about and what growers assail as a surge of subsidized imports from France, Greece, Israel, Italy, Portugal, Spain, Turkey and other countries.
While the basic facade is unremarkable, the courtyard plan of the building makes it unusual.
After the tanker Bridgeton was damaged by a mine in the Persian Gulf last week, the Navy's vulnerable escort ships lined up behind it in single file, since the tanker was better able to withstand further mines.
For two decades, mildew presented no problems.
The sponsors are seeking a $35 million appropriation from the Massachusetts Legislature.
''We first take each period separately, figure out how much space is needed, then design that portion of the museum around each piece of art.
As a maniacal, bespectled magician, Mr. Edwards selects a member of the audience to help in a goofy, juvenile card trick.
Mr. Brant further testified that Mr. Clark told him he had responded to inquiries by S.E.C.
5 THE 35-PLUS DIET FOR WOMEN, by Jean Perry 1 Spodnik and Barbara Gibbons.
The Nevilles -Art, Charles, Aaron and Cyril - and their families live on or around Valence Street, which the neighborhood kids call Singer's Row.
''but not all depends on us.''
Both the House and Senate now appear ready to scrape together more cash for airport construction and air traffic control.
Without these extraordinary items, Merrill's net earnings for the quarter were still a strong $92.4 million.
No one is asked to write against the little grain they've got.
Others noted particular aspects of bee behavior.
''First of all, you have to be able to talk to people who know you are reliable and responsible,'' she said.
Only Senator Bob Dole gave a sensible, live response; the others mostly parroted canned positions about how dependably they oppose new taxes.
The principle behind its preparation is to heat a cast-iron skillet until it is extremely hot, almost smoking.
Our dollar has the potential to be worth only the paper it is printed on.
Last September, he also called Piedmont executives to inquire if they wanted to buy T.W.A.
The issue also features a ''put'' provision that allows bondholders to redeem the bonds in 1991 at par.
''It's extraordinarily important information,'' said Michael Soule, a research fellow at the National Zoological Park in Washington and the president of the Society for Conservation Biology.
That continuing investigation concerns city contracts of Carl A. Capasso, a major building contractor and a companion of Ms. Myerson's.
So they moved back to Los Angeles, where Mrs. Douglas studied film and worked for two organizations her husband helped found: L.A. Weekly, a newspaper, and the Committee of Concern, a group of entertainers who sponsored educational programs on Central American issues.
Bach's ''Art of the Fugue'' played by four saxophones, for example, miraculously remains ''Art of the Fugue,'' while the wondrously ''orchestral'' piano music of Debussy or Albeniz flounders and fades when we orchestrate it.
The consultants made their case by pointing to his success in creating those small ''sound bites,'' with good pictures, that get rerun over and over on millions of television screens around the nation.
Revised by Bonnie Birtwistle Honigsblum.
EILEEN B. HERSHENOV New Haven, Oct. 12, 1987
But he kept an active interest and continued to be seen - white-haired, erect and wearing his usual bow tie - walking the city he'd been in love with for more than 60 years.
Mr. Grunfeld's first two marriages, to Dorothy Miles Gregory and Jacoba Molenaar, ended in divorce.
''Our masks can take the heat,'' Mr. Chiodi summarized.
We were given extraordinary access as members of a delegation of the Center for U.S.-China Arts Exchange, an independent organization based at Columbia University and supported by American foundations.
An actress who kept an apartment in Manhattan but spent most of her time in Hollywood may be evicted from her rent-stabilized apartment here, an appeals court in Manhattan has ruled.
Two men, two women, passion and power- brokering in Washington.
As the public becomes more sensitized to crime, the demand for punishment, swift and just, increases.
Fourth Jeffersonian may not make any profit on those rents for 99 years.
earned $364 million, or 32 cents a share.
Dr. Campbell, who will become the second black to currently head a major city department, after Police Commissioner Benjamin Ward, joins an administration that has had a stormy relationship with the black community.
Tigers 4, Royals 1 KANSAS CITY, Mo.
Long before his domestic separation, Strawberry separated from Davey Johnson after the Mets' manager removed him from the sixth game of the World Series in a double switch during the ninth inning.
It is $8.1 million, not $8.1 billion.
It is named for Dr. Ticho, who resided and operated an eye clinic and hospital here from 1912 until his death in 1960, and for his wife, Anna, an artist who remained in the house and continued to paint pictures of Jerusalem's environs until she died in 1980.
The client wants to proceed with his case because of 'principle,' regardless of cost .
''He's working himself into shape, nothing more than that.''
Mr. Zvobgo said the sight of whites voting in favor of scrapping the white seats showed that ''some whites genuinely stretched out their hands to shake that of Prime Minister Mugabe, the hand of reconciliation.''
's profits declined by more than $1 billion, to $2.9 billion in 1986, each of its top five executives made more than $1 million last year in salary, annual and long-term bonuses, according to a proxy statement the auto maker distributed today.
Winnie used to call Chuck the Cross of Lorraine.
The event, sanctioned by the American Kennel Club, begins at 9 A.M. and runs until 6 P.M.
In another action at the United Church of Christ convention, the denomination put off for two years a decision to move its headquarters out of New York.
In the past, Rozelle has said the league would not consider expansion until major problems were resolved.
Efforts to raise superconducting temperatures accelerated in April when J. Georg Bednorz and K. Alexander Muller of the I.B.M.
Yesterday, Mr. Newman said that Federal courts had issued injunctions in efforts to make sure that their orders were carried out but that he thought Judge Sand's new order was ''breaking new ground in a housing case.''
The year before that, the city granted 89 loans totaling $289 million.
But there seems to be consensus among scientists that while the threat of the invading killer bees is nothing to shrug off, neither should it be any cause for serious alarm among most Americans.
Under the agreement reached with Southern New England Telephone, the company will give customers one-time refunds of $3.20 per line in July and $2 per line in December.
After preview performances, ''Spectaccolo'' opens this Sunday at the La Mama Annex, 74A East Fourth Street, and continues Wednesdays through Sundays, through Oct. 18.
The company would not discuss the earnings of Mr. Repko or other individuals, but numerous sources indicated that top salesmen in the industry can earn six-figure sums when bonuses and other benefits are figured in.
Mr. Shultz said there would be five working meetings between Mr. Gorbachev and Mr. Reagan.
Ms. Mendieta was born in Havana in 1948.
Mr. Roark, then the Kanawha County prosecutor, was among a handful of people who handled the vial after it was seized.
George Blaney, the Holy Cross coach, praised his team for its defensive effort against Houston.
As related by Mr. Cohen, Mr. Kimmell of Salomon and Peter G. Peterson, head of Blackstone, called him on Tuesday - after Hutton had received the written proposal - and wanted to negotiate.
Rodino (D) Y N 11.
Ford jumped another 7 points, to 98, for a gain of nearly 17 points in three sessions.
Stuffing the cash in his pockets, the gunman fled, pursued by the store's owner, Alwy Abdul Hakeen.
''They're trying to involve General Namphy.''
Wall Street then began a frenzy of buying and selling that was expected to be followed by the emergence of a suitor for the company.
Verbeek celebrated in his usual fashion of pumping his right arm high in the air.
But there are differences between American timber racing and its British parent: There are usually fewer horses in an American race, for instance, with minor steeplechases occasionally having only three or four horses.
The Gilberts may be left without a deal.
Thereafter, the Russians tried helicopter-borne attacks with regular army units.
Mr. Weintraub, whose credits include ''The Karate Kid,'' ''The Karate Kid Part II,'' ''Oh God,'' ''Cruising'' and other films, has just succeeded in raising $143 million in a private placement deal.
American split the order between the two aircraft manufacturers as part of an effort to get a better price and conditions, but it decided to give the engine order to one manufacturer, the sources said.
If he wants a glass of water, he asks me to get it, and, I do, says the Sparrow, smiling.
He went to a press conference.
Last month, the banks agreed to put up $3 billion to enable Brazil to pay $4.5 billion in past-due interest for 1987.
In October 1984 Colonel Broman closed the Paris office of European Defense Associates, ostensibly for lack of funds.
Felt Good on Mound ''It felt good from the first hitter,'' Gooden said.
The Steppenwolf Theater Company production presented by Raymond L. Gaspard.
'Inner Conflicts' Mr. Rison replied that he had previously failed to remember some things that he now remembered because he had resolved some ''inner conflicts with myself.''
Expos 5, Reds 1 CINCINNATI (AP) - Andres Galarraga hit a single, double and triple and drove in two runs to support Bryn Smith's six-hitter.
Baseball's salary structure, though, isn't working the way Fogelman expected when he negotiated those contracts.
In a statement issued yesterday morning, Citicorp said it was too early to make its decision because of ''the fluidity of the situation and management's high confidence in the long-term outlook for Brazil.''
His father retired last month as a psychiatric social work supervisor for the Connecticut Mental Health Department.
In one 2 A.M. expedition at the state Civil Service offices, Mr. Clemente testified, he stole a wire basket full of examination materials and took it to Metropolitan Police headquarters next door along with Nelson E. Barner, a former acting superintendant of the Metropolitan Police who is a defendant in this trial.
However, most said that a suggestion by Mr. Bricker's - that the value was close to $17 a share - was highly optimistic.
''It's always this eye getting you to that landscape.''
The WNET search committee, which spent five months looking for a replacement for the outgoing president, John Jay Iselin, chose Dr. Baker partly because he has been a successful broadcaster in the commercial arena.
But the sense of separateness, of coming from a culture with different values, remained.
The President's comment came as political analysts in the capital debated what kind of nominee Mr. Reagan should send to the Senate next.
Are the Twins trying to keep their secret?
As on the rest of the face, superficial lines brought on by dryness around the eyes can be smoothed with a good cream.
There is not today the interest in social service that we saw in the late 60's or early 70's.
I think you're getting the sense that the state is going to coalesce private forces.''
He saw the program eventually rising to challenge Temple and West Virginia in the Atlantic 10.
Former owners of the affected autos who have not yet received a claim notice should write to Settlement Administrator of the G.M.
When American agents in Florida found 6,600 pounds of cocaine hidden in huge containers of furniture last year, they discovered that their largest seizure ever of the Colombian-made drug had been loaded onto a Venezuelan ship at a Venezuelan port.
The old man was vulnerable, but still of championship mettle, and maybe next time - it must be one of these times - he will not come back.
Mr. Shultz said the money could later be applied solely to nonmilitary purposes if the peace plan were proceeding.
In a practice that critics say erodes military readiness and is a waste of energy, time and money, the armed forces are disabling multimillion dollar aircraft.
WHEN ''Marry Me a Little,'' the revue of Stephen Sondheim's trunk songs, was first produced in New York in October 1980, it triumphantly overcame the challenge of weaving such songs - some from unproduced shows, others cutouts from famous shows - into a dramatically coherent evening.
Citing public-opinion surveys, she said that whereas Americans were inclined to blame big government for their problems eight years ago, they blame big business today.
It plans to continue through the April 7 general election, when the Democratic winner will face a Republican and one or two third-party candidates.
They buy him a hip wardrobe, introduce him to a Big Mac cheeseburger and to Adam's beautiful sister, Diane, with whom it's love at first sight.
Edmonton's Glenn Anderson pounced on the loose puck, moved into the slot, and buried a shot inside the corner of the net for a 4-2 Oiler lead.
The cottage served as the setting for ''Long Day's Journey Into Night.''
One week, health authorities here completed a pioneering comic book designed to warn Central Africans in simple language about the danger of AIDS.
The McFarlane memo was written in advance of a Presidential press conference last Nov. 19.
While the house flows more openly inside and looks directly onto a cove, it is the complete metamorphosis of the exterior that causes motorists passing by to stop.
The only point at which the Gabbards betray unmistakable irritation is when they come to a group of recent movies, such as ''Lovesick'' and ''Frances,'' in which psychiatrists are portrayed as hopelessly at the mercy of their emotional reactions to patients - and if you agree with them that such films are liable to have a disturbing effect on actual patients, their exasperation is richly justified.
In 1985, he led the league in runs batted in and was named the most valuable player.
The defensive linemen try to engage enough offensive linemen and blocking backs to keep them off the linebackers.
Bending this tube so that none of the water from the ballcock goes into the bowl is taking a chance that not enough water will be left in the bowl for safety and cleanliness.
He concludes that despite all that we have read about it, British code-breaking ''did not win the war and it is doubtful if it even shortened it.''
Then there is Bowe, a student at Kingsboro Community College.
He gave himself fully to each of the work's digressions, with the result that the performance seemed to lack unity.
Maj. Gen. John W. Kiely of the National Guard said he hoped his men would not have to use either their .45-caliber pistols or their powers of arrest.
Officials at Loma Linda said that they received 50 requests this year from parents pleading to donate their babies' organs.
In each country, Mr. Rauschenberg leaves as a gift to the people of that nation a work of his art made there.
Tigers 7, White Sox 1 CHICAGO (AP) - Tom Brookens drove in four runs with a triple and single for Detroit and Matt Nokes, a rookie, hit a homer to help Jeff Robinson make his major-league pitching debut a success.
The Islanders' game is not significantly different from the one they were encouraged to play all season, but their execution is.
A Federal judge has scheduled two hearings on plans to carry out the $200 million settlement of the Agent Orange suit.
The peak was 59 percent in 1984, dropping off to 51 percent last September.
The system was changed to have each spot in the draw assigned a number, with the boxers in each weight class placed in alphabetical order and matched to a number that determined a spot.
In 1944, the public was told that Franklin D. Roosevelt, who suffered from severe hypertension and heart problems, was in excellent condition.
If I were in a Buick, I'd probably sit here all day.
There are no fake roles for them.
The pollutants combine with moisture in the air to form acidic precipitation.
Box 12897, Philadelphia, Pa. 19108.
New co-op markets are also emerging in the Bronx.
His managerial skills also were the subject of occasional good humor, if not hilarity, on Capitol Hill.
''And among teen-agers in black low-income families here, those are hard to find,'' Senator Fielding said.
''Olliemania,'' the surge of interest in Colonel North following his testimony in July at the Congressional hearings on the Iran-contra affair, did not prove to be as lasting or lucrative as expected, according to entrepreneurs who tried to cash in on the colonel's popularity.
A Bright Green Ribbon Other considerations intrude.
He was holding a tiny glass bead with a blue chevron pattern, found the day before.
he shouted at the hatcheck man, waving a claim check in his right hand while his elegantly dressed companion hung onto his left arm.
Last July they extended their success by trapping antiprotons in magnetic ''bottles'' and holding them motionless, allowing intensified studies of their characteristics.
We had to track every property transaction in the parish since the beginning of time.''
For the time being the Hovnanians plan to put most of their commercial property development dollars into a new office project, but Robert Sheridan will specifically bypass standard office investments.
The nonjury trial is in its third week before Justice Fred W. Eggert in State Supreme Court in the Bronx.
The last fix on Qaddafi's location came at 11:15 P.M., Libyan time, two hours and 45 minutes before the first bombs fell.
In Soweto, schools and offices were closed and bus service operated only as far as its perimeter after more than 70 bus windows were shattered by blacks who gathered at bus stations and taxi stands trying to prevent people from going to work.
Under the program, overseas hotels would agree to limit their own telephone charges - which have amounted to as much as 300 percent - to no more than $1 a call.
Particularly in the life insurance field, there is, there's a contestability clause, which means that within a certain period of time if you become ill with certain diseases, or die from certain diseases, the policy would not pay.
They have also voted Mr. Gadd immunity.
Oil prices continued to decline, with the September crude oil futures contract dropping 24 cents to close at $18.90 a barrel, far below the prices of over $22 earlier this month.
Political Turmoil Likely Mr. Washington's death is likely to set off a period of political turbulence and uncertainty in a city where party labels seemed increasingly irrelevant and incumbent mayors have never allowed the emergence of obvious heirs apparent.
But Mr. Pechman adds that a user fee is sometimes not very different from an ''excise tax,'' which is a tax imposed on particular commodities, such as gasoline, cigarettes and alcohol.
Civil Rights at Issue He added that the N.A.A.C.P.
used to make its decision, found that even with the proposed road changes, the traffic generated by Metrotech will lead to a buildup of carbon monoxide above the Federally mandated level in at least two locations.
With ties to the world of art as strong as those he has to philosophy, Mr. Danto has naturally been led to a historicist philosophy of art that is profoundly opposed to the formalism and estheticism dominant in much of our century.
Opened Him Up to Attack Mr. Miller acknowledged, however, that in retrospect he might have done some things differently.
The rest was a study of frustration for St. John's.
[ 1 ] The powers of government being derived from the people, ought to be exercised for their benefit, and they have an inherent and unalienable right to change or amend their political Constitution, when ever they judge such change will advance their interest & happiness.
For unlike the streets of lower Manhattan, where unending waves of construction have swept over the land, most of what can be seen on the Upper West Side today is all that has ever stood on those sites, the equivalent of a virgin forest.
At the Holy Trinity Roman Catholic Church in Washington yesterday, Carla Maria McDonald, a daughter of Dr. and Mrs. Daniel F. McDonald of McLean, Va., was married to Gregory Thomas Everts, a son of Dr. and Mrs. James A. Everts of Madison, Wis.
According to Mr. Balkin, most people collect toys of a certain era -like tin cars of the 1930's - or of a particular manufacturer.
There are wonderful things in ''Alnilam.''
What kind of motorist treats his car worst?
The main appeal of Sansui's AU-G77XII, aside from generally superior performance, is its ample complement of input terminals - a feature valuable to listeners who want to connect the audio output of a VCR to their stereo system, in addition to all the other usual program sources, such as a radio tuner, cassette deck and CD player.
Harold A. Poling, president of the Ford Motor Company, had urged Japan to cut shipments to below two million units as well as to increase the percentage of American product content in Japanese vehicles built in the United States.
Many backs lack the ability or the imagination to stray from the playbook, but McNeil seldom is restrained by it.
Although lawyers comprise the largest group in the Legislature - 32 of the 61 senators and 45 of the 150 Assembly members - not all of them maintain private practices, and their legislative colleagues come from many walks of life.
Finally, the crucial argument - effectiveness.
That is why movies in general seem increasingly to be pitched to younger audiences.
Listening to Robert Miller play these pieces on an old New World LP (203) is to experience a different and more beautiful world.
Her grandfather, the late Paul Cifrino of Dorchester, Mass., was the founder of Supreme Markets.
's earnings to rise strongly in the next six months.
The move was widely hailed by officials of the American futures and options industry as the most significant development since the introduction of financial futures on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange in May 1972.
(e.g., the family in Arcadia, Fla., with the three sons who have AIDS).
I have a date with him at next year's Super Bowl in San Diego.
The trouble is, the tournament doctors have told him he cannot fly home until his ear infection clears up.
''I'm always surprised,'' a veteran police sergeant told me, ''at how often these guys talk the perps into giving it up.
''The difference is that our teachers have to use them in order to be effective.''
Its allied Afghan Army of approximately 30,000 has been known more for desertions than for effectiveness, according to most experts.
Five of my friends have died of it.
In a statement from his campaign headquarters in Chesapeake, Va., near his CBN ministry at Virginia Beach, Mr. Robertson said he was resigning from the ministry to avoid implications that a Robertson Presidency might inhibit ''the free exercise of religion by any of the people.''
The minority task force has about 50 regular clients with AIDS.
Geidar A. Aliyev, a senior member of the Politburo who reportedly opposed the policies of Mikhail S. Gorbachev, was removed from the ruling body today, the press agency Tass said.
report, accounting for more than 60 percent of the rise.
Not all have had the same trouble with their cars as Mr. Akiyama.
''Cardboard is what's around the electro-magnet in the middle of a hi-fi speaker,'' he pointed out.
''You have to step back and see why we had the strong finish.
Jerry I. Speyer, the president of Tishman Speyer Properties and the chairman of the Real Estate Board of New York, said: ''We made a commitment to the Mayor 10 days ago.
When we approach the store shelf, the biggest question is not how much the toy costs, but whether it projects an image free of stereotypes.
The questions about Yong Yong, one of two pandas China has lent the Bronx Zoo, kept everyone who came to see them the other evening busy contemplating the nature of the bears.
I keep stumbling on ideas that sound like a good song.
''Several students approached me and said, 'Glad to see you out here.'
A13 Britain will appeal a ruling handed down last week by an Australian court that a former intelligence officer can publish his memoirs about the British intelligence service, Britain's Attorney General said.
No Mistakes This Time Rosario did not make the same mistake in his next chance, in September 1986, when he fought for the W.B.A.
''Next morning I start watching them before I leave for school,'' said Tracie.
South Africa, the world's largest gold producer, is far ahead of the competition; it produced about 670 metric tons in 1985, according to the United States Bureau of Mines.
Two Videotapes Received ''We were in limbo,'' Mrs. Collett said.
But large or small, surplus space is a perishable commodity.
The Government spent $86.5 billion and took in $64.2 billion in July, for a monthly deficit of $22.3 billion, vastly higher than June's deficit of $420 million.
''We're students, we can note their beliefs.
And although the ban on new political parties is still on the books, four opposition parties have been formed.
We couldn't see each other and it was dark.
A review of the movie in Beijing Evening News determined that far from being a hero, Superman was ''a narcotic the capitalist class gives itself to cast off its serious crises.''
''Well, tell Bill I said have a Coke and a smile and shut up.''
He learned once and for all that it is ideas, not fancy paper and dandified type, that make a book memorable.
The ahuehuetes, whose name means ''old man of the water'' in the Nahuatl language spoken by the Aztecs, are probably the most impressive of the trees and plants in the park.
(No argument over capitalization: Like Jew and Christian, Moslem/Muslim is capitalized; atheist is not, which seems unfair.)
There is also, he said, a lack of sophisticated business journalism in France.
In that case, was the beach-level floor of the hotel, where the ballroom and adjacent kitchen were located, seen as an area where a smokey fire would go undetected until it had a chance to spread?
Instead, a crash program to build new units on city-owned land has been launched, with Deputy Mayor Robert Esnard in the lead and a nonprofit development subsidiary of the Real Estate Board coordinating the industry's participation.
With foreign capital unavailable, the U.S. Treasury would be forced to compete with private investors for scarce savings.
At a time of declining unemployment and a growing economy, millions of Americans in their prime working years are remaining outside the work force.
The boat left the Port Jefferson ferry dock at 7:30 A.M. Two Coast Guard boats and a helicopter, a Port Jefferson police boat and a Suffolk County police helicopter assisted in the rescue, Petty Officer Schneider said.
appears to have allowed itself to participate in actions it may have rejected if they had been proposed for C.I.A.
A1 A high alcohol-breast cancer link was cited in new studies.
she said as she encountered a pair of antique English 18th-century Louis XV-style candlesticks.
His first wife, Martha, to whom he was married for 41 years, died in January 1983.
Whatever their sympathies for the tortured and dying Biafrans, too many powerful players in the drama were ruled by other considerations than the Biafrans' lives.
Or you may wish to contact the producers themselves.
For a physician's charges recognized as ''reasonable'' by Medicare, a beneficiary's out-of-pocket payments would be limited to $1,043 starting in 1989.
At that time it said it would concentrate primarily on its North American consumer products businesses and that it expected to increase its net worth by selling certain assets, including the Wilkinson unit.
Walter Haas's wife, Evelyn, has shared her considerable fly-fishing experience in a charming book for women called ''Wade a Little Deeper, Dear.''
The peak is near Kit Carson Peak in the Sangre de Cristo Range.
When an amount of Federal support bigger than that for all the rest of fundamental science is under discussion, involving enormously higher investments per scientist in one very small field, I believe Congress and the Administration have a responsibility to open up the issue to all sides and to ask for a calm, reasoned discussion of priorities and options.
In buying a century-old winery in this sun-baked hamlet north of the city of Bordeaux in southwestern France, Mr. Ferenbach and his partners have joined dozens of foreign investors - from Japan, the United States, Denmark, Switzerland, West Germany and Britain.
Most teams have the maximum allowed, 95, meaning S.M.U.
''It came right to my stick,'' said Hatcher, the steady defenseman for the Capitals, who has 10 goals and 9 assists.
His father is an architect in Tulsa.
The battle may go on for a while, but as soon as a decision is made, the living space starts being used in a different way.
When the man from the Jag pulls his hand from his pocket he produces a quarter.
Mr. Kean also described how New Jersey's economy had been bolstered by the elimination of six taxes, a move that helped create more than 500,000 jobs since he took office in 1982.
said was, 'We'll take over all the garbage, we'll give you the good stuff, and you get all the profit,''' said Paul Nadler, a professor of banking at Rutgers University in Newark.
The hospitals have to incinerate it themselves or place it in red bags for incineration under contracts with commercial haulers.
A More Modest Formula The kind of conference described by the Soviet Union ''is exactly the kind of conference that the Israelis are shy of,'' he said, ''and I agree with the Israelis on this - it is a kind of conference that has a continuing role and a substantive role to play.''
estimated the group would actually need $5 billion to complete the takeover and retire certain H.C.A.
Nor is there much expectation that Afrikaners will switch from the Nationalists to the predominantly English-speaking Progressives.
Schools serve the society which supports them, and ours are producing nonreaders for a nation which does not put a high value on the pursuit of the written word.
The raise doesn't make any difference.''
Mr. Neas said he was pleased with the results of the initial effort.
By virtue of their ability to carry electricity without the slightest loss of energy, superconductors could create large savings in the generation and transmission of electricity.
Sent Frank Piertrangelo, goalie, to Muskegon.
After ignoring two earlier written requests for protection from the Electoral Council, the Government said in a statement last night that it had instructed the ''appropriate authorities'' to ''determine the necessary security measures'' to be taken ''to guarantee the progression of the electoral process.''
New York: William Morrow & Company.
Association of American Publishers: Headquarters for Sherlock Holmes contest; ''I'd Rather Be Reading'' buttons, bumper stickers, bags, balloons; ''New York Is Book Country'' tote bags.
Michael Wiengarten, a 27-year-old senior operator with Depository Trust, sat in a red chair, dubbed ''the hot seat,'' watching billions of dollars in trades scroll by.
William H. Russell performed the ceremony, assisted by the Rev.
A shrewd, hard-boiled Chicago lawyer nicknamed Fast Eddie, Mr. Vrdolyak is regarded as something of a political streetfighter here.
In the wake of elimination, it was difficult for the Celtics not to look back and think of what might have been.
Commissions and agents' fees should be regulated to bring them in line with actual costs (excluding inflated salaries), passing the savings brought about by new information technology to the customer.
''We have many, many theories but nothing concrete,'' said Inspector Walsh.
Glenn Stevens, the former prosecutor, testifying under a grant of immunity at a hearing to determine if the prosecution deliberately withheld information from the defense, said that Lael Rubin, the chief prosecutor, described the mother as ''weird or crazy'' early on in the case.
''It may be the best time to look for a job.''
5.Return to low heat and cook 5 minutes.
Gold also fell, losing $5 an ounce, to $458, at Republic National Bank of New York.
''It's a result not of bad guys or incompetent guys in the public sector, but a lot of good guys having put in a lot of rules to accomplish useful things,'' said Richard Ravitch, former chairman of the Metropolitan Transportation Authority and now chairman of the Bowery Savings Bank.
The device is perhaps a touch more sentimental than the carousing Thomas might have appreciated, but it is a convenient vehicle for getting us to the poet's recollections of Christmas in Wales in the 1930's.
''Besides, there are so many people with bad taste you don't have to worry that the guy across the street will build an eyesore or that the neighborhood will become a hodgepodge of styles.''
The sale, tomorrow through Friday, will include everything from sportswear for under $50 to a Carolyne Roehm evening dress for $500.
Mr. Gates also angered officials at the C.I.A.
The Pound Gains Ground In London, the British pound rose to $1.6635, from $1.6527 late Wednesday.
Auburn gained 200 of its 290 total yards on 62 rushing attempts, including 28 by Fullwood.
The course involves no fancy computer software, but rather sets of old-fashioned flashcards and lessons describing 140 different social dilemmas and conflicts in a child's life.
Earlier this year, Ethiopia's president, Haile Mengistu Mariam, visited the Burayo workshops.
Gene Michael said yesterday that he did not want to return to manage the Chicago Cubs next year and that he did not know what he would do in 1988.
When he entered New York University after his graduation from Stuyvesant in 1948, he was a pre-med student.
The Justice Department has moved to rescind the 75-year-old Mr. Tannenbaum's citizenship in the first step toward potential deportation.
A Fortuitous Appointment It is also a story of miracles.
Ask for a ricevuta fiscale, or official receipt.
The issue has been raised in a Government appeal seeking to reinstate the convictions of three members of a farm family for enslaving two workers who were not physically prevented from leaving.
For Some, No Long Dresses Some of the designers for smaller houses, including Didier Lecoanet of Lecoanet Hemant, the newest member of the couture, did not make any long dresses at all.
The students will earn certificates in conservation.
The entire estate was valued at $65 million.
''If what he says is true, then McLain is a drug rat,'' Chaney said vehemently.
The new smoking restrictions in New York State can be imposed despite the denial of a $300,000 legislative appropriation, state health officials said yesterday.
Already Federal courts in two different cases found infringement when a company used software of a different computer language that nonetheless produced a comparable screen and was similar in ''structure, sequence and organization.''
His narrator makes one observation that Mr. Shmelyov has reportedly taken as a theme in lectures to select Soviet audiences, where he links spiritual damage of the Stalin years to the present economic plight.
The view from the classroom windows embraces the dichotomy that runs through the students' lives every day.
Earlier in the day, Burlington's stock closed at $74.875, down 37.5 cents.
Organized crime is also involved, according to officials of the Customs Service and the Drug Enforcement Administration.
In the early days, old-timers say, inmates were occasionally asked to juice up the event with packets of fake blood if the action slowed.
About 30 prominent members of the Charter 77 human-rights organization were allowed to gather publicly today without police interference as they marked the 10th anniversary of the death of Jan Potocka, one of their founding leaders.
Among other things, they showed how quickly large-scale wind generators could be manufactured and installed, ''much more quickly than a lot of conventional generation'' sources, he said.
The reunion illustrated that artificial hearts are fast becoming another tool in the physician's medical bag.
The child did not speak or move.
Thursday's closing jam session brings together three guitarists: Dr. Know from the hardcore-reggae band the Bad Brains, the funk-rock session guitarist Ronnie Drayton and Michael Hampton, the fuzz-tone specialist from Parliament-Funkadelic.
Before he came to Trinity Church, he served at Grace Church in Manhattan and in Brooklyn.
It was Mr. Conlin's son, Daniel Jr., who was the last to see him alive.
''Today's films are not different enough from what's being offered on TV.''
''It was exhilarating to be in a newly liberated country in Africa.
This particular episode has already been cited by lawyers in the Howard Beach trial, which is resuming jury selection today, as possibly being prejudicial to the rights of the white defendants.
And he made a reference to our doing likewise.
The fight in Montreal seems to be traced to the provocative little ritual of Claude Lemieux of the Canadiens, who made a habit of flicking a puck into the empty Flyer net at the end of every pregame warm-up.
It is far too soon to forecast whether the middleweight classification will become unified at any time in the near future.
He said that three people were charged last week who belonged to a smuggling ring that might be linked to the Mexicans found in the the boxcar.
He put down his paper and followed me into the store and waited politely as I pretended to examine the furniture.
As Iran and Iraq charged each other with renewing hostilities, the United Nations Secretary General, Javier Perez de Cuellar, met with Iraqi leaders here today in an effort to end the seven-year-old Persian Gulf war.
Mr. Ruffalo said prices range from $350,000 to $415,000 and that there is a partial tax abatement on each house as a result of a state program designed to encourage construction and sale of single-family homes.
The increased concern has led to brisker sales of flight insurance policies at a number of the airports, according to Mutual of Omaha agents.
''I'm a New Yorker,'' Mr. Singleton said.
The spiciness helps keep you into the game.''
The five-year trend in recruiting, moreover, coincided with a steady decline in unemployment, according to Government reports.
In all my years, I've never been ahead by 22 points and lost the game.''
The decision raised the total value of approved Eureka ventures to $4.6 billion.
Not enough, he argued, for ''a human future .
Dr. Stephen Joseph, New York City Commissioner of Health, said that the proportion of patients surviving five years was ''greater than I would have intuitively expected it to be'' but that the study confirmed the pessimistic outlook for most AIDS patients.
Indeed, industry was under heavy regulatory scrutiny throughout the prior decade.
Vanguard has attracted almost $12 milion in its bond index mutual fund for individuals.
Now, with the hearings over, the exchange will continue in writing until the committee votes in late January.
These pieces come in silver, brushed gold-toned metal or brushed copper.
But they say Corona is clearly a product that has assumed a trendy image despite a humble heritage and a lack of marketing support.
It was Kelly Hrudey's turn to argue when the Flyers scored their fourth power play goal at 6:56 of the middle period, but Zezel picked up his second goal when he tapped in Kjell Samuelsson's rebound from the right post as Hrudey was being flattened by Mellanby and Dineen.
Holyfield's promoter, Dan Duva, said that the fighter could either continue a while longer as a cruiserweight or begin campaigning as a heavyweight.
He said the planned meeting represented a ''recognition'' on the part of the Reagan Administration that there could be no solution to South Africa's problems without an understanding of the positions of the black majority.
The results: an American deficit with those countries of $28.8 billion last year, which is about one-fifth of the total deficit of $156.2 billion.
From the opening number of this new, all-sung English musical, the actor is in a funk so thick one could cut it with a hacksaw.
BOBBY KNIGHT cried, ''No mas, no mas,'' in deed if not in actual word, and removed his Indiana University basketball team from the court, forfeiting the game Saturday night to the Soviet Union.
''In making the victim assume the position she was forced to take when she was sexually assaulted, Judge Levine profoundly degraded, humiliated and demeaned her.
The turnabout also owed much to Mexican Government policies aimed at bringing down the value of the peso.
Mr. Vlok accused the youths of what he called ''a reign of terror and violence'' in Bonteheuwel, a mixed-race township near Cape Town, and said they were linked to ''300 serious crimes'' that included sabotage and arson.
''But SCANTS does a swell job of teaching nautical rules of the road.
The set's high points were its longest instrumental passages, where Mr. Summers let loose the floating arpeggios, smoothly leaping phrases and oblique chords that he brought to the Police.
When he's healthy and in the lineup, the Brewers are 49-26.
Assemblyman Richard Gottfried, a Manhattan Democrat, is planning to introduce parental leave legislation in the New York Legislature next month.
The Navy refuses to comment on the armament of ships.
He said he came to that view by watching Vida Blue when Blue pitched for the Oakland A's and Langston was a boy in Santa Clara, Calif., in the early 1970's.
On one hand, many wonder how a nation that had the hard-driving spirit that helped to create the supersonic Concorde and high-speed trains can be considered lazy.
Since its inception, the fund's assets have grown only 7.5 percent.
The best solution continues to be a comprehensive system of partial, optional public financing of campaigns.
At Oakdale, the inmates presented seven demands to Government negotiators.
But almost none would comment publicly because of the league's practice of fining those who openly criticize its decisions.
''There is a point,'' he said, ''when, if you can't respond to demand, you are at the risk of creating needless chagrin and disenchantment.''
Long before today's South Korean election, he urged the United States to press the Seoul Government to open up its political process.
The Vienna Philharmonic and Vienna State Opera Chorus, conducted by Horst Stein.
She once held clerical jobs at the telephone company and an insurance company.
For all of 1986, General Dynamics said it lost $52.5 million, which included net income from discontinued operations of $10.1 million.
Although the present Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus, like the earlier Turkish Federated State of Cyprus, is probably illegal, the original aggressor was not Turkey.
They asserted that Mr. Santucci's apparent strategy was to put the onus on judges for dismissing cases or imposing a low sentence.
and other top executives of the company joined Mr. Bieber and union bargainers in a joint hand clasp to celebrate the agreement.
In his first 11 times at bat in the Series, Coleman reached base twice, once with a single and once on an error.
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Mr. Gabelli said he had no plans to seek control of the Pittsburgh-based appliance manufacturer.
The executive mesh will be accomplished with ease since each has a number of titles the other lacks.
The Rangers received a shock yesterday morning when they learned that Barry Beck, who was attempting a comeback, reinjured his left shoulder Tuesday night in Denver and almost certainly will not be able to resume his career.
When he manages his 32d game this season for a total of 3,813, he will move into fourth place ahead of Casey Stengel.
She had won the tournament for five consecutive years and had won 69 matches in a row on English grass courts.
The biggest thing you don't want to do is something negative.
Thus, the thrust of ''Shame the Devil'' (the name of a horse) is the daily life and routine of a trainer-driver.
To the Editor: The residents of Carnegie Hill read with great bitterness Christopher Gray's August 23d article on the inadequacies of our Historic District and the threatened loss of two handsome rowhouses.
But it's time to get some right-wing posters out there.''
program: instead of defending our population, it is intended to defend our missiles.
''This is mind-blowing information I don't think a little phone call can address this.''
We carry 300 different charts of areas from Maine to Florida, including the Caribbean.''
Cats that have been declawed should not be allowed out to roam free because they are defenseless.
It will mark the first time the teams have met for the gold.
But environmental effects, such as infection, improper diet or imprudent life style have usually been emphasized because these factors were easier to understand and remedy.
Parks's that an individual has the power to make a difference.
* * * Ambassador Tambs recalled that LtCol North asked him shortly after he arrived in Costa Rica whether the Costa Rican Government would ''go along'' with the airstrip.
''Eighteen months ago most of the new banks were asking consultants to work out strategies for growth,'' he recalled.
Like an anxious Broadway producer, Ivan Lendl opened a recent morning newspaper to the reviews.
Torres said that after hearing about the potential conflict of interest because of King's involvement with both fighters, ''I checked in my files and found nothing there.
* The opening ceremonies Saturday will be held at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway, the home of the annual 500-mile auto race.
It doesn't look like much, but it has to feel like an afternoon of daylight to the Yankees.
Yet, there is an overall sense of an insomniac who, while unwilling to investigate the shapes that darkness assumes, is not entirely at peace with them.
In Tokyo, where gracious entertaining is a way of life, many diplomats have paid thousands of dollars out of their own pockets because the reimbursement levels are so low.
The Vietnam veterans are the ones now going to see those movies, and they're quick to spot something that isn't authentic.''
With the collaboration of Jayne Newcomer Samuels.
The lower yields in the tax-free money funds could account for the drain in tax-free money funds assets, as investors pursue a flight to quality.
Thorny legal and ethical conflicts would arise if the same agency were responsible for both imposing regulations and prosecuting suspected wrongdoers, experts said.
''The rank and file of Local 1199 has spoken,'' said the executive vice president, Dennis Rivera.
''Gulotta suggests that not-for-profits take responsibility, which to some extent I agree with,'' said Michael Moran, executive director of the Interfaith Nutrition Network, an agency that operates four emergency homes and 10 soup kitchens on Long Island.
At about 4 P.M., word went out that he would make a statement today.
GTE said the system could handle up to 60 video channels and was an important step in developing fiber-optic services for the home.
We forced several turnovers and managed to get a few good, quick steals, but unfortunately we were unable to convert.''
On the wooded hills and green valleys, monkeys play, parrots fly by and song, songbirds send forth their music that echoes over a troubled land.
''What I have found is that employers can make adjustments, improve productivity and avoid hiring these people,'' he said.
The biggest tournament of the year for Long Island players begins today, attracting players from many parts of the Northeast.
It's useful information that Mrs. Rose is a leading animal-rights activist and that the Congressman has aligned himself on this issue with Jeremy Rifkin, an outspoken critic of genetic engineering.
The share earnings reflect a 3-for-2 stock split effective Nov. 6, 1987.
We will be hearing a great deal about this issue in the coming year.
Tickets are $10, or $8 for students and the elderly.
A man speaking Catalan, the provincial language, called the newspaper, Diari de Barcelona, this evening, and said the Catalonian separatist group Terra Lliure was responsible for the attack.
Ms. Goldin, discussing the death of the infant, said that two other premature babies in the neo-natal unit were in ''equally critical'' condition, but that they survived the incident without any ill effects.
But the Senegalese devised inventive variations on this movement theme, and they always knew how to build kinetic crescendos.
INTERNATIONAL A3-9 Two Soviet long-range missile tests have been protested by the United States, the State Department said.
Sheet feeders, for single sheets of paper, and tractors, for perforated computer paper and multipart forms, are available at extra cost.
Dr. Levine, the San Antonio specialist, said he was not sure whether Ritalin was being used too much.
He says the papacy will become ''an empty shell'' if it does not grow more sympathetic.
In the West Bank, which is administered under rules that differ in some ways from the rules here, Palestinian workers are permitted to conduct new union activities.
From time to time, I like to plant several species within one genus close to one another, so I can get to know them as a group, observing the similarities and differences, much as one observes the same things in a family of people.
The nonwinners saw the San Francisco Giants make some midseason and late-season trades and win a division title after having lost 100 games two years earlier.
The association accused the lawyers of improperly retaining legal fees awarded by the courts in cases involving school desegregation and employment discrimination.
Typically, Mr. Rohatyn settles into the downstairs dining room, where seats are coveted, with a salad and iced coffee.
Rebecca, 12, sings and plays the cornet with the band.
I suppose this will help to lower the rate of alcoholism among 6-year-olds.
They urge education about AIDS and more aggressive intervention, like giving Stephanie Smith a place to live and enough money so she will not be forced into prostitution.
The punch landed flush on Qawi's jaw.
Two Soviet client states are right at our doorstep, and they are working relentlessly to add another four to the Soviet fold: El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras and Costa Rica.
Tinker wanted his own studio.
Last year's fair drew 139,000 people.
Law-enforcement officials said the department was expected to avoid the constitutional issues and oppose the suit on the ground that it was filed prematurely - that it could not be filed until the grand jury had approved an indictment.
TADEUSZ BACHO Northport, L.I., Aug. 10, 1987
If there is any problem, it is in the annoying dichotomy between the relative sophistication of the text and the gushing remarks that instruct readers how to manipulate the paper constructions, beginning with ''Now, give the workers a hand'' and, when the building is done, ''you helped build it.
The program is also responsible for providing ''rehabilitative'' services to families who need them and for teaching the community.
Traders attributed some of the strength to a new United States plan to help Mexico deal with its heavy foreign debt.
The army was enraged when Sheik Mujib tried to downgrade its role, and many politicians believe it would not tolerate Mrs. Hasina Wajed's coming to power, even if she won an election, as many think she could.
c-Net income The company converted to stock form in November.
Mr. Cosell, who made his controversial mark during a 30-year career at ABC Sports that ended in 1985, announced yesterday that he would be the host of a weekly talk show scheduled to begin early next year.
Karpov, never happy with the slight weakness of an isolated pawn, dissolved it with 10 .
The fourth-suit bid of two clubs was game forcing, and four spades was a form of Blackwood, asking for key-cards.
It's sometimes hard to be sure) are landmarked by strange lean constructions, the functioning of which is likewise obscure.
There were almost no cars on the road but ours; the wooden granaries, seen occasionally in the headlights, were medieval-looking; and in every direction the outlines of vast, shadowy ridges loomed.
Mr. Biden needs to begin speaking in his own words.
And they show how severely adultery is dealt with.''
In recent years, however, the priest had often been an irritant to the pragmatic church leader for his outspoken support of Solidarity and his unbending opposition to Poland's Communist rulers.
Her work is vulnerable and evanescent.
Meanwhile negotiations, broken off in 1979 after the Soviet incursion in Afghanistan, are about to resume on making history textbooks in the two countries more objective about each other.
(Only Evel Knievel would dare go faster than the train's five miles per hour over the Manasquan River.)
It is speckled with three- and four-story houses built by prosperous farmers who sell vegetables and fruit to Hong Kong.
Cartoon-like captions above each of the gladiators chronicle their conversation, which includes the shrewd advice to ''let sleeping bulls lie.''
The study is furnished with a 1930's American moderne chrome chair and side table.
The Saints appear to be a team on the rise and a solid wild-card contender.
The actions will contend that the brokers were either too hasty in liquidating accounts or did not follow instructions about the correct prices at which to buy and sell.
United Airlines, which said it had more New York-Los Angeles bookings this weekend than normal, added two extra flights, for up to 254 passengers each.
Other common gripes touch on cars being late and difficulties with the car or the driver.
Mr. Spendelow said herring and black-backed gulls, as well as black-crowned night-herons, prey on the roseate tern, and the chicks are often eaten alive by a species of red ant that inhabits their island homes.
Ford declined $1.675, to $71.75, yesterday.
Mr. Sprinkel said that the Administration's forecast ''takes account'' of the new tax change legislation.
More Popular Than His Party It was President Mitterrand who hastened the Communists' decline by bringing them into government in 1981.
's deputy director for political-military affairs.
''If years go by without an airline disaster, a degree of complacency sets in.''
All he lacked was a succes de scandale, and his play ''Bacchus'' brought him one by infuriating Francois Mauriac, whom he engaged in a bitter polemic that served, like some old duet momentarily heard above modern music, to distract literati from the great showdown between Camus and Sartre.
I didn't plan on getting it this way.''
The trade battles with Tokyo used to be fought over baseball bats, vitamin E cream, beef, citrus, rice, leather, tobacco and other consumer products excluded by rigid quotas or more ingeniously conceived barriers.
No one on either side of the issue said they believed such fees were imminent.
What also dominates conversation among Cuban-Americans is a fierce anti-Communism rooted in their exodus from Cuba in 1959 and 1960 after Fidel Castro's takeover.
Six years older, Ro is Bea's sole conduit to the kind of information traditionally denied children by their parents.
''K Mart is trying to upgrade its image and obviously this is a step in that direction,'' said Monroe Greenstein, retail analyst at Bear, Stearns.
He is 22 years old, from Sweden, still becoming comfortable with English and otherwise shy.
The current issue of Mladina contains what is described as an interview with Prime Minister Branko Mikulic that consists only of the sharply critical questions submitted in writing by the magazine.
But consumers really don't perceive soy that way.
A couple of days before the Yankees obtained Rafael Santana from the Mets, George Steinbrenner was unhappy with the inability of Lou Piniella, his general manager, to make a trade.
During the 1983 season, Thon batted .286 with 20 homers and 34 stolen bases.
American life expectancy has reached 75 years, according to figures released yesterday by the Metropolitan Life insurance company.
Did Kansas attempt to recruit the well-traveled Lloyd Daniels after his recent arrest?
Partisans of Bear Mountain are just as heavily credentialed as those for Frissell, and just as impassioned.
''Also, you'll have to run a conduit from the basement out to the hut.''
In the first stage of the system, which began last week, tax agents monitored the process as the recorded message was played.
Paul Connelly conducted the scores, by Handel and Schoenberg, respectively, for the two ballets.
Later, during the war, an effort to save the life of a one-time lover and future husband by sending money to Fascist contacts in Europe would lead the F.B.I.
''There's a subconscious view on the part of the masses that all good works were done by men.
Jules Olitski (M. Knoedler & Company, 19 East 70th Street): Jules Olitski, continuing his refinement of late Formalism, is now painting on Plexiglas.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*ESSEX COMMUNICATIONS (OTC) Qtr to Sept 30 1987 1986 Revenue 4,128,437 3,651,829 Net loss 352,629 298,559 9mo rev 12,118,833 10,897,973 Net loss 1,045,251 1,060,496 View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Syracuse's defense also was strong, particularly when Ted Gregory played at nose guard.
It can't be the food.
Originally planned as an economy subcompact, the car has since followed the marketing designs of Japanese imports, aiming for a more expensive niche.
An alternative is to have the city follow the Federal approach with a maximum capital gains rate of 2.5 percent.
The idea is not to turn designers into tailors or seamstresses, but to make sure that what students design can actually be made.
It was the largest penetration by the American fleet into the Libyan-claimed waters.
Visions come naturally of rowing on the lake, strolls by the shore, meeting friends in an open-air cafe.
* $102 million for health and human service agencies, including the Office of Mental Health, the Office of Mental Retardation and Developmental Disabilities and the Department of Health as well as other agencies engaged in such activities.
Now 43 years old, Wegman started out as a painter.
They thought speaking out on the problem was giving the city a bad name.''
Christine Madeleine Freidel, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Frank B. Freidel of Belmont and Wellfleet, Mass., was married yesterday at her parents' home in Belmont to Douglas Nelson Varley, the son of Beverly Varley of Woodstock, Va., and Bishop Robert B. Varley of Manhasset, L.I.
The procedure's wide acceptance is likely to influence the courts when they address the AIDS question.)
The company emphasizes intimacy; admission to the so-called on-site productions was restricted to 150 audience members.
There is an extra charge for delivery, available only in Manhattan.
For every sports radio talk show: Twenty-four hours of silence so that the callers can contemplate things more important than the Mets' need for a good backup catcher.
The 425-page book that comes with the current show at the Center for African Art was prepared by Maria Kecskesi of the Munich museum.
But on the field, he's a good disciplinarian, too.''
Arabs Return to Work A day after hundreds of thousands of Arabs observed a general strike in the occupied territories and Israel proper, most Palestinians returned to work today, although many towns in the territories observed commercial strikes.
Percentage changes are from previous quarter at seasonally adjusted annual rates: Current Prices Last Pct.
''This Administration, as would any administration, strongly opposes legislation along this line,'' he wrote.
''It is the capitalists who have the money.
One beneficiary was New Jersey.
But it has also denied players the right to be drafted before their classes graduated, most recently in the case of a Texas Christian running back, Kenneth Davis, who was declared ineligible during the 1985 season for accepting money from alumni.
Patricia Reiss of Lake Forest, Ill., gave $10, saying ''this is my gift to a dear friend who loves New York City and who, like me, prays for its people.''
In fact, what they are usually seeing is a fairly random distribution of results.
The Matthews & Wright Group, a Wall Street firm at the center of a bond investigation, said it had been asked in a Government subpoena for information about 74 municipal bond issues, of which it had underwritten 44.
Nebraska, with Jones at tailback and with a good running quarterback in Taylor, gained 75 percent of its yards on the ground.
Mr. Price, it does no such thing.
agreed to set up a special aviation company, called Seaspray.
The banker's implication was that Brazil would eventually come to its senses and produce a realistic plan, and the banks would lend further support.
Federal agencies don't often radically reexamine their priorities.
He was a Western Union messenger.
The answer is no, because I think now the whole thing, the lying and the cover-ups and the Congressional posturing, were a disgrace,'' said Mr. Joyner.
There is a $10 cover and a two-drink minimum.
An action package on the budget deficit in excess of Gramm-Rudman and covering at least two years should emanate forthwith from Washington.
One arbitrager who followed both deals, said: ''In real estate he's very successful.
Nevertheless, life passes tolerably for the brother and sisters as they snipe at each other almost reflexively, content to focus their affections on a menagerie of pets that includes dogs, cats, horses and a farrowing pig being administered Librium.
Sales rose 11.6 percent, to $1.73 billion from $1.55 billion.
However, Charles Hudson, whom the Yankees offered for Stillwell, was not the caliber of pitcher the Reds sought.
But where are they going to get them?''
It was not the business of an agency already running a deficit, officials said, to subsidize corporate profits.
Mr. Ortega said the purpose of the troop withdrawals is to allow a National Reconciliation Commission to enter the areas.
The buyer absorbs the first few dollars of loss himself.
A Ninth Day of Talks The discussion on the proposal came at the beginning of the ninth day of talks aimed at reducing a budget deficit in the current fiscal year that is projected at $163 billion to $179 billion.
It's one thing for an Off Broadway producer to sell a small house with an entertaining evening and good reviews; it's quite another to market on Broadway a serious drama with mixed notices.
Mr. Finegold said he hoped to have Mr. Bissell free ''within a few days.''
Because of the 1982-83 recession, which produced hundreds of bankruptcies and Government intervention in the banking system, the state still controls much more of the economy than it wants to control.
It wouldn't hurt, though, for the first baseman to throw the ball home anyway, not for a force play, which is not possible once the infield fly rule is in effect, but to prevent an advance by the runner from third base.
Norwalk, Conn. $320,000 309 Silvermine Road 2-bedroom, 2-bath, 35-year-old colonial; brook on property, electric heat; taxes $2,417.
Many Asians have moved to Sunset Park-Bay Ridge and lately to the Sheepshead Bay area.
Double rooms, from $39 a night, may be booked through Prieto Tours (718-457-3211).
As chairman of the Judiciary Committee and an eloquent opponent of the Bork nomination, he has become closely identified with the confirmation battle, and will be even more so when the public hearings begin next week, with him in the chair.
The report goes on to say that textbooks ''contain few, if any, references to Christmas and Easter, or even to Thanksgiving, St. Patrick's Day or Columbus Day, to say nothing of Jewish holidays or those of other religions.''
He cited Bell Atlantic for its ''strong fundamentals and excellent cash flow.''
Events planned in conjunction with the exhibition include a lecture on Hiroshige and his work at 2 P.M. today by Edith G. Gipstein, a museum docent.
The 4-year-old son of Sovereign Dancer will make his next start in the Widener Handicap here next Saturday.
SOME choreographers crowd their dances with steps, yet fail to make an impact.
''This body of films was confiscated right after the war and has been sitting in the Library of Congress for the last 40 years,'' explains Peter Grilli, the project director for the series.
Yet there is something that Karpov can do - try to develop original strategies in the openings.
''Sisters are not family,'' she declared.
Even so, Senator Byrd, who delayed consideration of other pressing legislation so the campaign bill could be considered, said: ''We will revisit this matter early next year.
Add to this the babel of people talking to their machines as well as to their fellow workers and to their business contacts over the telephone, and we might just conclude that the very concept of VAT's is counterproductive, at least in situations where people are expected to talk to one another.
The officials were reinforced in this view by advice from a range of America Jews who are visiting Jerusalem this week as part of a meeting of the Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations.
The suit charges that the ordinance is too restrictive.
He introduced the new ordinance, expressing fear that very persistent beggars, blocking the path of pedestrians, were deterring shoppers, tourists and conventioners from visiting downtown.
The Chadian Government said 18 of its troops were killed and 54 wounded in fighting Friday at Fada.
Concern in Washington has heightened because of the American decision to allow 11 Kuwaiti oil tankers to sail under the American flag, presumably putting them under the protection of Navy warships in the region.
Pat Robertson, the television evangelist, who has not.
If the answer is wrong, the responsibility for the error is apportioned to the different connections using a mathematical formula the machine has been given, and the weights on the connections are changed.
Wedtech, which filed for bankruptcy in December, is at the center of a broad inquiry into political corruption, including allegations of payoffs to more than a dozen Government officials, including two New York City Congressmen, Mario Biaggi and Robert Garcia.
Among the actors, only Pamela Dunlap, as the mother, seems to have a clue to Ms. Siefert's raucous shaggy-coyote humor.
He ran only 70 times as a rookie, but averaged 5 yards a carry.
''He called a bunch of managers and choreographers to his studio to talk about the response of the dance community to AIDS,'' Mr. Yesselman said.
''You know,'' said my son Frederick the Younger, who is a cabinetmaker and among other things the foreman of our kitchen project, ''I could use that cabinet.''
The 34th Street entrance to the drive is closed.
Although the advertising prospects seemed nothing but grim to Bates, a spokesman for the footwear and foot-care company said that business could not be better.
An escaped inmate died in a fusillade of bullets in a Staten Island parking lot yesterday morning, shot as many as 18 times by a man seeking revenge, the police said.
The legislation would give final authority to a panel called the National Assessment Governing Board, whose members would be appointed by the Secretary of Education from a list drawn up by the board.
Let spirits leap, good will spread random Through Great Neck, North Hills, Sands Point, Plandome.
Such abuse occurs in all kinds of families: urban, suburban and rural; rich and poor; professional and blue-collar; married and divorced; well-educated and poorly educated.
In his streak, Boggs is hitting .448 (39 for 87).
We now risk exterminating ourselves by pursuing traditional means of securing ourselves.
Richard M. Sears was the best man.
''Jewish women's self-esteem is being critically damaged by the stereotypes,'' she said.
''That's too sleazy,'' said Mr. Barry as he viewed a scene between a doctor and the young woman he was tutoring.
Her stepfather is the owner of the Atlanta Falcons.
And the Communist Afghan Government itself has announced that every year 2,000 children are sent for education and training to the Soviet Union, for periods of up to 10 years.
Mr. Schmidt said: ''I'd love to have two more months to get ready, but with summer traffic coming, we must get started.''
A group called Doctors Ought to Care, or DOC, said it would award a $1,000 first prize to the law student who could come up with the best essay on the question of whether tobacco company executives should be criminally liable for deaths and injuries caused by smoking.
As a tribute to his new country he sat down at the piano when he came out and played his own arrangement of ''The Star-Spangled Banner.''
They are people like Private Connell, whose mother had thought that his name was on the memorial from the start.
It is a vast organization with 46,000 employees and an annual budget of more than $4.8 billion.
The project lies on 10 acres of rocky hillside in the Goldens Bridge section of Lewisboro, a town near the northeast corner of Westchester County.
Dr. Sakharov, who spoke out often about arms control before his exile, said he favored deep cuts in offensive nuclear weapons but noted that such reductions would not by themselves assure increased stability, according to Owen Greene, a British physicist.
The New York family courts were also said to provide pre-hearing counseling in special cases.
Mr. Murer doesn't get carried away by the spectacular mountainscapes, but they remain more riveting, even in the background, than the primal urges of the characters in the foreground.
''I'm impressed they found her and she's doing it.''
Her cousin and close friend, Lisa Koletzky, has escaped with them to care for Anya and to manage the professor's home.
His signing left Cornelius Bennett, the former Alabama linebacker, and Kelly Stouffer, the former Colorado State quarterback, as the only 1987 first-round picks who have not come to terms with their teams.
The crux of the matter is that no negotiated settlement can work unless the United States is willing to halt aid to the contras as an integral part of the settlement.
Of 12,000 trees on 180 acres, 1,000 are harvested and sold each year at the current price of $8 a foot, according to Barbara Wilkens, wife of the farm's owner, John Wilkens.
In a telephone interview, the Mayor said that he had vetoed the redevelopment plan but that the Council might override him at its next meeting on Thursday.
The company had announced its offer, which was for the equivalent of $380 million, last Thursday.
Government Please Allow Us To Speak With Someone WE Can Trust Who Understands Our Lang.''
And in the process we were all educated.
Semi-successful might be dedicating one shelf of the refrigerator to the predators and labeling it.
Their competition around the world magnified regional conflicts, fueling ethnic, religious and national strife in parts of Africa, Asia and Central America.
Dawn next Sunday, youth service at Tod's Point with music for guitars, organ and trumpet.
The artful interpreter will find not just the meaning but the nuance and the register.''
To depart from it as a standard invites a descent into babble, or as Mr. Robertson might say, Babel.
A top model encounters three of Los Angeles's most dynamic men.
The fish that is exported to the United States and elsewhere come from the larger farm fish and is available in fillets of about four and a half ounces each.
The mean household income of the fans was $89,333, and they spent more than $10 million on tickets, meals, hotel rooms and other expenses during the tournament.
The full skirts often have hems that are turned under for a puffy effect.
Full-page newspaper advertisements against a proposed smoking ban on the Long Island Rail Road and the Metro-North Commuter Railroad were more than they seemed.
''You can let standards drop, but here there's no bottom,'' a technician said.
It is feared that without greatly expanding the number of beds available for care of the mentally ill, the new procedures may simply worsen problems that have already nearly paralyzed the city's system of mental health.
Among the advantages is that object-oriented images are always sharp and clear, even when enlarged.
The officials said that at the same time a state agency and the National Transportation Safety Board were studying door modifications and safety in the subways and would recommend improvements.
''Now you got one,'' he said.
*Ask the clerk to remove the outer slice of pates or roasts before filling your order.
''What she means is that she plans to eradicate the right to education and the health and social services, as we know them.''
Two events in St. Catherine's history have been proclaimed as miracles.
The investigation, which is being coordinated by the Manhattan District Attorney's office, has fully occupied Albany's attention for the last week, even as the Legislature headed into what were supposed to be the final days of budget negotiations.
THE LAST SONG OF MANUEL SENDERO, by Ariel Dorfman.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*MINNETONKA CORP (OTC) Qtr to March 31 1987 1986 Sales 44,994,000 25,607,000 Net inc 1,940,000 814,000 Share earns .22 .09 View Full Article in Timesmachine »
''Hello,'' I said, putting the receiver to my ear.
Not all the jokes are top of the line, but Mr. Eyen, who directed, keeps things flashing by so fast that you don't have time to groan.
On Monday, the Vienna Philharmonic is marking the anniversary with a rare visit here.
Simms, recovering from stretched knee ligaments, had his first real workout Wednesday, and Parcells said he was encouraged by what he saw.
Needless to say, given the time, money and intense effort that has gone into ''Amerika,'' the production does contain a few considerable assets.
But the major exhibition he mounted in 1975 on the architecture of the Ecole des Beaux-Arts stood as a firm testament to his willingness to extend the Museum of Modern Art's reach beyond the limits of the esthetic from which it had sprung almost half a century before.
Married to the same delicious wife since 1949, he is the despair of the gossip columnist.
The changes have has been the cause of much divisiveness because they involved layoffs of nearly 10 percent of the staff.
''They don't know anything about nature, and when they see a bug, they freak out.''
For information and directions, call 677- 5359.
''It's very gradual,'' he said.
A court reinstated Sergeant Davies to his former position and restored his lost wages.
The league should have had enough respect for its product to call off the games until the labor dispute was settled, but it listened to lawyer talk that the league had to conduct business as usual.
The Mets seem a little embarrassed about their obsession with Scott's fastball, a pitch they accused him of doctoring by roughing the ball with sandpaper.
Besides, the huge jump in turnover that created the problem was a surprise to most dealers.
appointed in October 1984 .
She now works at the quasi-private Cordobes clothing factory.
Officials from the four states place estimates of flood-related damage at more than $2.3 billion, although New Delhi says the figure is exaggerated.
That's where the power network is.''
The best aspects of the production - its consistent intelligibility, the evidence of and fruitful work between a good director (Arvin Brown) and individual singers, and the attractive unit set by Michael H. Yeargan -augur well for Long Wharf's continuing interest in opera, even if ''The Tender Land'' does not emerge as the satisfying work one had hoped for.
The principal characters belonging to the hopeless, destiny-locked world - the Spanish noblewoman Leonora, her half-Inca lover (and the accidental killer of her father), Don Alvaro, and her brother, Don Carlo, who pursues the separated pair, obsessed with vengeance - demand voices of major stature.
Service: Knowledgeable, but occasionally needing reminders about rolls and water.
One taste, then another, and then there's nothing left - you'd better get a handle on that.
''We don't think there's any hurry to use the reserves,'' he said.
I recall, on the 7th of January, 1986, being asked to attend a meeting with the President in the Oval Office, along with members of the Cabinet and certain members of the White House staff.
But the decline of 13.86 points, to 2,258.66, in the Dow Jones industrial average was merely six-tenths of 1 percent.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*NATIONAL VIDEO (OTC) Year to March 31 1987 1986 Revenue 8,380,610 7,757,334 Net inc 125,465 245,718 Share earns .04 .09 Shares outst 3,101,461 2,617,649 View Full Article in Timesmachine »
THEY cry together, talk together, yell at one another and at others, but most importantly they are together.
In the past, officials said, their efforts to collect from delinquent taxpayers were hampered by limited staff resources and the manual process of sending out notices and calculating the tax bills.
In the last few weeks, they have been trying to buy bonds of those companies they think will weather a recession better than others.
When Westchester's three drive-ins were built in the 1940's and in 1950, land cost about $500 an acre, he said, and ''in fact, if it cost more than $500 an acre, you didn't buy it.''
b-Net income The latest periods' results include a non-recurring pre-tax charge of $39.4 million related to store closings.
''It may not be much more, but it will be something.''
It provides $500,000 in start-up funds, to be taken from money appropriated last year for grants to develop an AIDS vaccine.
b-Includes tax credits of $1 million and $2 million for the quarter and 6 months, respectively and also includes in the 6 months income of $20 million from discontinued operations.
1 After two jets nearly collided over the Atlantic Ocean on Wednesday, suggestions were made by radio to the crew of a Continental Airlines jumbo jet that they refrain from reporting the incident, officials said.
The game between the Craig and Company Commandos and the guards from the Connecticut Correctional Institution at Somers is scheduled to be played in New Britain on Aug. 8, and the inmates obviously would not be able to attend.
According to this description, the President's closest advisers were ''gravely concerned'' but were ''intent on protecting this terrible secret.''
So at Dr. Marcus's suggestion she saw Dr. Phillips for three months in 1984 and improved enough to discontinue treatment.
The Business Day listing on Wednesday of active stocks in over-the-counter trading misstated the performance of Liz Claiborne Inc.
Lost Code, who carried 117 pounds, led by three lengths heading into the stretch but ran out of gas by the 16th pole.
Over the past few years, the city has become more open and less xenophobic, less prone to shout about its virtues and ignore its faults.
Both Imports and Exports Rise But the lower-priced dollar has not yet had the trade impact that many experts expected.
That's what I'm working toward.
'' But the Chicago City Ballet's downfall was also caused by a power struggle within the troupe that set tongues wagging in the arts community.
I've been doing this for 20 years.
No one looks hungry or thirsty, anyway.
Ford Decline Is Smallest The Ford Motor Company's sales were down 5.1 percent, the smallest decline of the Big Three manufacturers, and its market share was up by six points, to 29.4 percent.
Western Kentucky Gains Western Kentucky defeated Oregon, 83-71, and St. John's routed Cheyney State, 95-70, in first-round games of the Very Rev.
The president of the A.H. Robins Company was fined $10,000 today by a Federal judge who said he was tired of the company's excuses for failing to recover illegal payments made during bankruptcy proceedings.
The evening concert at Merkin features choruses and arias from ''The Eternal Road'' and other works with Jewish themes; the morning session is a symposium on ''The Eternal Road'' and Jewish pageants.
'Significant' Issues Seen ''I am honored to be considered for Administrator of the F.A.A.,'' Mr. McArtor said in a statement released by his Memphis-based company.
(The earliest classic recipe for a mint julep that we found dates from the early 1900's.
''It's only when the synagogue came up that questions came up, and that's very fair,'' Mr. Mehdizadeh said.
Newspaper articles charged that Barbie was being shielded by American intelligence in the American zone, and in March 1950, the French asked for Barbie's extradition.
Students must take a course in at least three of those areas, including one dealing with the humanities and one dealing with the social sciences.
Ridge, which is known for its zinfandel and cabernet sauvignon, produces between 35,000 and 40,000 cases of wine annually.
And most of the devices exhibited had only the slimmest commercial prospect.
He said that he had discussed the the idea of multiple candidacies with Latvian leaders and suggested that they be tested on a broad basis, ''perhaps in the entire republic.''
It was obvious I'd end up being a deejay, but I didn't realize it.
He has promised so many things, and we'll see if he keeps his promise.
Only democracy, Mr. Vargas Llosa believes, can bring the reforms Latin America requires to achieve development and social justice, to work its way out of its historic vicious circle.
And today, the average leaped 906 yen, a record single-day advance, to close at 23,942.94 yen, for an increase of 3.9 percent.
If we begin thinking that all Shakespearean documents are misprints, Elizabethan scholars will not know where to begin and what to accept.''
These buildings were seized from owners who could not maintain their properties because of insufficient rental income.
Smaller Items Hard to Track Unlike the major weapons systems that have been provided mostly by China and North Korea, these small-scale items are difficult to track with the customary intelligence-gathering techniques of satellite photography and interceptions of telephone and electronic communications.
''I've had everything and been everything,'' Miss Bruce said in a recent interview, watching with a stern but affectionate eye as her latest crop of youngsters, from 4 to 13 years old, tapped their way intently through routines.
But I was captivated by jazz and interested in a lot of other things.''
The press in 30 African nations ranks as ''generally not free.''
The authority will continued to administer the R, drug tests as part of regularly scheduled physical examinations and exams before promotion.
Three French wallpaper designs include a black and white design featuring images of movie stars; a gold and black leopard print, top left, and a gold and black tropical flower print.
He recalled the anger of Port Chester residents when trucks clogged the streets while repairs were made to the broken bridge.
Meanwhile, by making his disdain for Mayor Koch so public, Mr. Trump has broken ranks with many other developers, who still abide by the traditional low profile.
The new government, established under a court-approved settlement of the lawsuit, includes a 10-member City Council elected from wards, as well as a mayor, city clerk and three city department heads elected citywide.
Much of the power goes at cost to municipal systems upstate; much of the rest is committed by contract to heavy industrial users, who underwrote construction of the dams in the 1950's and 60's.
His later career was as an insurance executive.
Although the city paid for part of the program, millions of dollars were also raised from private sources.
The founder's son, Chung Mong Joon, is chairman of Hyundai Heavy Industries.
She began visiting Miami in 1985, even though ''I didn't know what I was going to do exactly, I hadn't found a focus.''
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*LOMAK PETROLEUM (OTC) Qtr to June 30 1987 1986 Revenue 1,082,000 1,635,000 Net loss 989,000 406,000 6mo rev 2,939,000 4,591,000 Net loss 1,310,000 584,000 View Full Article in Timesmachine »
He is a hurdler and sprinter.
William Zeckendorf Jr. then described Mr. Goldman as the ''ultimate real-estate investor.''
The arrangements that had seemed to be working well had failed.
At 9 and 10:30 P.M.
The House passed a package that will inject at least $2.5 billion into the system, while the Senate passed a $4 billion funding bill.
----Guidry Does Well Ron Guidry's first appearance with the Fort Lauderdale Yankees Saturday night in the Class A Florida State League was successful.
''But the board refused to let either one testify,'' Mr. Follo said.
How would Mr. Dershowitz feel about the maximum sentence being given to an American Arab who admitted to spying against the United States for Jordan?
Now, an archeologist, in a view becoming increasingly widely shared, says the attempt at protecting the sites has endangered them.
Relations between the races have in fact improved - not only in New York City but in the nation as a whole.
Morgan is a child who can cross a snow-covered meadow and leave no footprints, can walk tentatively upon the cobwebs in the barn and cause them only to shiver beneath her weight.
She has also found that it is better to use a lender that is aggressively using the S.B.A.
An inscription on the front of it read, ''We're Chillin.'
It does, however, have reliable electricity, toilets and showers, jogging paths and nature trails, a carpet golf course and a few hundred white cotton hammocks slung between palm trees.
There are others, but they're pretty boring, so let us march on.
Both of these movements, they argue, represent a backlash against the experimentation of the 1960's.
''I'm not a strong believer in technical analysis,'' Dr. Shipley said, ''and I don't feel that most people will benefit from a lot of trading.''
The chairman and vice chairman of the Senate intelligence committee said today they planned to raise detailed questions about Attorney General Edwin Meese 3d's handling of the Iran-contra affair at hearings next month on the nomination of William H. Webster as Director of Central Intelligence.
It also recommends psychological support for victims and help for women in resisting harassment.
''Lighting levels and standards of heating and ventilation are now better than most office workers will have in their own homes, while the layout and furnishings of offices and the design of equipment have all been improved to a very high standard.''
They didn't know I wasn't Catholic.''
A presentation of the whole work, in a larger space, is planned for March.
And he did not ignore the middle registers -one was aware of what the tenors and altos were doing, rather than just the sopranos and basses.
A lot of Soviets believe their country should not depend on the United States economically and that they should deal instead with the Japanese and Europeans.
Stability in the stock market requires lower prices or a more stable dollar and a better perception of fiscal policy, analysts said.
In fact, he uses a quote from Evelyn Waugh as an epigraph to the book: ''It was fun 35 years ago to travel far and in great discomfort to meet people whose entire conception and manner of epxression was alien, now one has only to leave one's gates.''
The police said the victims were apparently watching a dispute between the gunman and another neighbor.
His particular passion for antique rugs and the way he has used carpeting as upholstery and window treatments is particularly original.
By the end of New York trading, the pound stood at $1.6800, slightly cheaper than the $1.6820 posted late Wednesday.
Or you might order pan-roasted breast of duck stuffed with foie gras with black currant sauce.
Consolidation Trend The purchase also continues a trend toward consolidation in the semiconductor industry.
They were all there, the eight buyers, all crowded into Verna Sledge's living room on the second floor with the open windows an invitation to the voice of the city below.
Col. Oliver L. North's testimony that Colonel North had approval for all his activities undertaken in 1986, while the admiral was national security adviser.
One day, the Hong Kong newspapers lament the certainty that hard-line leftists have emerged victorious in a power struggle with younger reform-minded leaders.
The heck with pro boxing.'''
''When a Soviet ship hits a mine, an American ship cannot go unhurt.''
Don Slaught was intentionally walked after a passed ball by Matt Nokes and a single by Steve Buechele loaded the bases.
The dedication by Mr. Willenson, the book's editor, helps to explain why: ''To the names on the Wall and all the other names on all the other walls that it may not happen again.''
Roger Platt was his brother's best man.
''We don't expect that to change in the next 24 hours.''
The abolitionist William Lloyd Garrison burned it on the Boston Common as the compact that, ''dripping as it is with human blood,'' enabled slave owners ''to plunder, persecute and destroy two millions of slaves, who now lie beneath the sod; and by which we now give you the same piratical licenses to prey upon a much larger number of victims and all their posterity.''
Underwriters led by Salomon Brothers also offered long-term bonds with yields of 7.10 percent for an issue due in 2005 and 7 percent for discounted bonds due in 2014.
The rookie Islander coach, who more often than not has worn a disgusted expression during his postgame interviews, said that, with the exception of Smith, his players' performance in this game was a primer in how not to play the sport.
He was 72 years old.
One of his last appearances was in ''Paradise Postponed,'' a British television mini-series based on the book by John Mortimer.
Modern and comfortable buses leave for Konya from Ankara's central bus depot frequently throughout the day; the trip takes about four hours and costs about $10 one way.
A public assertion by Chancellor Helmut Kohl's top foreign affairs adviser that Bonn must shoulder a greater share of Western security has highlighted anew the predicament of a nation torn between the obligations of its economic might and memories of its role as an aggressor in World War II.
''But I'm not sure democracy could withstand that,'' he continued.
Young was also here, and there were indications that Martin was about to sign a one-year contract at an increase over last year's salary of $330,000.
The entire opposition slate in one Sohag precinct was reported to have pulled out of the election after the police roughed up opposition poll-watchers.
Since then, Paraty has proudly resisted becoming a resort.
In answer to 12. .
Another widely publicized dispute centers on whether significant numbers of Malaysian Moslems are quietly being converted to Christianity.
At his death, Dr. Moore was director of the police medical department.
Right now the series is offering its second collaboration between the Japanese composer Somei Satoh and the German theater director Manuel Lutgenhorst.
But today, he insulted us.''
But his heart doesn't seem to have been in the making of this solo, which is set to music by Alwin Nikolais, who also designed the lighting.
There is no universal condition, the pampered and pouty children in ''The Breakfast Club'' seem to say, there is only my condition, and my condition is the direct consequence of my rich/ driving/brutish parents.
There have been many novels about the war.
But there are severe costs even to the most modest forms of specificity, as Senator Paul Simon of Illinois has found out.
Beene told a similar story about Lynda Bird Johnson's wedding dress.
In a large bowl, combine the rice, chicken cubes, chopped pecans and scallions.
If there is no deep legal or philosophic objection to a nominee, fine; courtesy prevails.
If it's called ''adorable,'' you probably can't turn around in it without injuring yourself.
The number of those who cry out for help has long since surpassed the modest original count.
The market consensus yesterday appeared to be that the number would probably fall in the low part of the range, traders said.
They will, in good time, find their own solutions in the time-honored, slightly anarchic way that makes Berlin the magnificent maverick among German cities.
Obtaining independent advice is suggested for all but the most expert collector.
However, officials of the Agency for International Development say the money is being allocated to other international family planning programs.
At first the commission's staff had proposed to seek $62 million from Comsat.
A data base, Mrs. Gotkin noted, is the information industry's name for a large file of information that is stored electronically on a large mainframe computer, usually in the form of magnetic tape.
c-After net of $391,180 for the quarter and a loss of $3,126,129 for the 9 months, both from discontinued operations.
She said that she and Lieberman being on the court ''opened doors for other women to get into the league.''
Leading Indicators Index, percent change -0.59 n.a.
Sara Slaff, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Robert P. Slaff of Annapolis, Md., was married there last evening to Andrew Herbert Levine, a son of Mrs. Robert H. Berkowitz of Livingston, N.J.
Rather, Justice Byron R. White's majority opinion stressed that the lower courts had ''held that the case against the unions was much stronger than one of mere acquiescence in that the unions deliberately chose not to assert claims of racial discrimination by the employer,'' despite requests by black employees that it do so.
Mr. Goodwin was born in Biloxi, Miss., and, because his father was in the Air Force, spent much of his early childhood moving about the world.
I vowed that I would become a ship's master, never again its cargo.''
''It was an employment document.''
''If New Orleans bows out, Houston is certainly the front-runner,'' said an informed Democratic source in Washington, who added that Atlanta was the next.
should be present in every part of the country,'' Marta Sacasa, a spokeswoman for the group, said by telephone from Miami.
''We were looking for a complement that was very diverse in itself, that was unrelated to cotton, and that was free-market oriented,'' or not subject to Government controls and subsidies as cotton is.
One factor in the Christian Democratic leadership's decision to avoid public protests was a series of surveys showing that the great majority of Chileans rejected violence as a political tool, with a large number opposed even to peaceful marches.
In any case, the program's sole world premiere, Mr. Nikolais's ''Eruptions and Entanglements'' did not have the impact it might have otherwise.
While the company has made no specific commitments, its officials have made clear that under some conditions they would provide considerable aid to the consortium, including perhaps the specifications of I.B.M.-developed chips.
Earlier, Lech Walesa, founding president of the union federation and a winner of the Nobel Peace Prize, laid flowers at the monument to shipyard workers killed by security forces in 1970.
Message Isn't Getting Through Dr. Zanga, a former chairman of the academy's Committee on School Health, added: ''You'd think we're sending our kids the right message, but somewhere it's not getting through.
The Rusts said the boy told his parents he had to see Mr. Gorbachev, saying: ''He is capable and willing to move things.
The black bean soup was served with side dishes of sour cream and freshly made salsa, that great Tex-Mex specialty consisting of tomatoes, onions, jalapeno peppers and fresh coriander leaves.
Two New York State Senators, including the Democratic minority leader, Manfred Ohrenstein, have been indicted in Manhattan after a yearlong investigation that focused on suspected payroll abuses in the Legislature, people familiar with the investigation said yesterday.
Mayor Sandy Freedman said today that she would meet informally with city and community leaders about the problems.
''Lucy'' plots are basic, and plots aren't why the programs will stay forever.
Francis, 22, who said he worked a series of construction jobs, always ''off the books,'' said he has never had any problem staying employed.
Britain: The North Wales Festival will be held in the cathedral city of St. Asaph from Sept. 27 to Oct. 3; Swansea's annual event, Sept. 28 to Oct. 17.
That raised the idea that the economy might be heating up, and with it inflation and interest rates.
A plunge in the dollar and falling bond prices sent stock prices plummeting yesterday from their newly won records.
''It is our Achilles' heel,'' he said, noting the criticism over the budget delay.
Stone, senior economist for Nomura Securities International.
And with power, a small minority now want control.
Dr. Makover, who was born in Baltimore, studied at Johns Hopkins University, receiving his medical degree there in 1933.
Mrs. Duchamp's many loans to the Philadelphia Museum include at least one that shows how the motivations that led eventually to the ''Large Glass'' and ''Given'' were present even when Duchamp was in his early 20's.
Call his program the New Fair Deal.
They don't take care of themselves.
Kidder, Peabody itself agreed to pay a record $25.3 million to settle insider-trading charges.
The words on a 14-by-18-foot billboard outside the Spectrum in Philadelphia bore last night's theme: ''We'll never fill your shoes.
Mr. Abrams may well have credible evidence for his accusations.
The Administration is being careful to avoid injecting itself into Israeli politics, even to the point of blurring its own position.
''I did not come here having to prove anything to myself.
The gravity of the setback was unclear, in a policy sense.
''The President welcomes the visit and assumes the Foreign Minister will want to discuss a wide range of subjects,'' said Marlin Fitzwater, the White House spokesman.
A Greenpeace lobbyist in Washington, Dean Wilkinson, said the Soviet Union caught about 3,000 whales last year and was believed to have taken a similar number in the season just ended.
Mr. Scorsese said he had 12 or 13 students.
One is a photograph by Paul-Armand Gette, a Frenchman who is featured in the ''BERLINART 1961-1987'' show.
But he said the agency was ''not unsympathetic'' to the states' arguments.
Protectionism Bemoaned In addition, the Europeans are expected to join the Japanese in expressing alarm about growing protectionism in the United States.
When he presented his protege from the Country Inn at Princeton, Mass., at dinner, he said, ''Tonight I present Lahrbi Darouch, who made the couscous with the beautiful lamb.''
Only about 10 percent of Delta's employees belong to unions, compared with 92 percent of Western's employees.
Shirley Horner, the ''About Books'' columnist for the New Jersey Weekly section of The New York Times; the Newark Star-Ledger columnist Gordon Bishop and the children's book author Reinold Shubert will be inducted at a banquet at the New Jersey Institute of Technology here, thus joining such such Hall of Fame members as Mary Higgins Clark, Leslie Fiedler, Belva Plain, Gay Talese, Judy Blume, Joyce Carol Oates, Anne Morrow Lindbergh, Robert Ludlum and Peter Benchley.
Under the ABM treaty, certain types of early warning radar stations may be built, but only if they are located on the periphery of each country, facing outward.
The first two mornings will be devoted to four matches of foursomes, better known in this country as Scotch foursomes.
Pessimism at Opening A day after the market's worst drop since World War I, the pessimistic mood was present from the opening bell.
We have to repair the infrastructure, solve our economic problems, use training and apprenticeship programs to increase the labor supply.
''This is a roller coaster ride and I want to get off,'' Mr. Baskin said, nervously rubbing his hands on his Army fatigue pants.
''I was able to make a dent in a large wall,'' Paris said Sunday after indigent men, women and children surrounded his van at a downtown park and were handed the black leather athletic shoes.
Nancy Kelly, spokeswoman for the American Red Cross, said three children remained in the hospital for observation last night.
St. Francis (N.Y.) 68, Staten Island 66 (AP) - Darrwin Purdie made a 15-foot jump shot at the buzzer and finished with a career-high 33 points as St. Francis of New York held off Staten Island in a nonconference game.
But this case also puts broader questions to a larger jury, composed of everyone concerned about crime, anger and fear.
A Portuguse tourist officical says there are no regularly scheduled ferries from Morocco to Lisbon.
There are now 96 members of the the Association of Area Business Publications, whose executive director, Stephen Conn, estimates that there are between 50 and 75 nonmembers as well.
Here the choreographer and Ms. Murphy played ''the hungry sojourner'' and ''the timeless Sibyl,'' as the program copy put it, in an unlikely romance.
Where Cultures Meet If legs and spirit are willing, the pedestrian can cross Chatham Square and continue north along East Broadway, past the Chinatown branch of the New York Public Library, which is just beyond Catherine Street, and under the Manhattan Bridge, which hovers over the venerable Sin Sun movie house.
Vanderbilt, 1362 Northern Boulevard, Manhasset.
His touch is always of a precise sonority, whether in pianissimo or fortissimo.
----Second Rally in San Francisco SAN FRANCISCO, April 25 (AP) -Thirty thousand people, including labor and religious leaders, marched here in the Western part of today's protest rally.
The commission is right on both counts.
The last major climb at the Chalimont Pass, 9.3 miles from the finish, was decisive.
In that time, the 112 rivers will be studied by the forest service to see if they are eligible for protection under the 1968 Federal Wild and Scenic River Act, barring the constructon of dams on such rivers.
''I've been concerned about the lack of good community-based prevalence-and-incidence data from the beginning.
In San Francisco, the petitioner has to get the written consent of every property owner on that street, which cuts the number of successful petitions to about two a year, said Greg Hobson, an assistant clerk with the San Francisco Board of Supervisors.
State Spending Limits The state-by-state spending limit, based on the population of voting age and on cost-of-living figures, has not been computed for the Presidential race.
And when he hit a spot alongside the trees, he shrugged, ''Ah, good, at least I'll be in the shade.''
The waterfront also includes some fine buildings, particularly the Transit Warehouses, the Customs House and the remains of the Quarantine Station.
This may dismay fanatics, but actually makes for a pleasurable routine: 4 A.M. wakeup, four and a half hours on the marsh and a lazy afternoon with a book and nap.
Here and there he refers to ''the impulse to democratize or popularize art at the expense of excellence,'' but he offers neither actual examples nor a systematic analysis pointing up the extent to which the issue should trouble our democratic dreams.
is saying that listeners can't think for themselves.
It will also address protection against sabotage or terrorist attacks on the laboratories.
The parents had never imagined their daughters would want to go into the business.
''If you will,'' said Harvey Weinstein, the co-chairman of Miramax, ''the parallel is to the world as it is now and the nuclear weapons.''
Five days a week in Washington and elsewhere around the nation over nearly 290 stations, Senators Bob Dole of Kansas and Edward M. Kennedy of Massachusetts engage in a brief, funny and acerbic dialogue, ''Face Off,'' that ranges, not too gently, from public issues to private ambition.
The Soane Museum - Sir John Soane's Museum, in proper parlance - at No.
''They don't look upon many of those vehicles as trucks; they see them as sporty vehicles that meet their needs.''
Once he was a free agent, though, the Yankees could sign him for any salary.
This reaction is initiated by nerves, which send chemical signals to the muscle cells that trigger the change in muscle protein.
Church spokesmen say that whatever the total number, it is a tiny fraction of the more than 57,000 Catholic clergymen in the United States.
But as you know, there's a wide gulf between what ought to be and what is.
One of these was a guide whose photograph, with a monstrous dead brook trout, appeared in a publication about fly fishing.
Sweeping tax and wage increases in Mexico were announced by the Government.
There are many valid reasons for the surge that has brought the Rangers into third place, only 3 points behind the Islanders: the dismissal of Ted Sator; Esposito's influence as an acting coach; the inspired play of players like Poddubny, who has 30 goals, and Larouche, who has 22 goals, and the grand work in goal by Vanbiesbrouck and Bob Froese.
Substance-abuse counselors working with teen-agers report that 50 percent of the city's population has used drugs or alcohol.
According to Mr. Peeples and others who fight rats, no one is altogether wrong.
But instead of theater songs, he writes jazz tunes filtered through the climate of Hollywood movie music.
''People go to these events so they can retain their history.
''Witnesses may be called before the grand jury if the primary purpose of calling them is to investigate the possible commission of other offenses,'' Mr. Seymour said.
Now, with Lacroix's own label added to the mix, the couture is once again a center for fashion inspiration and so pivotal to fashion at large that representatives from major stores feel they cannot afford to stay away.
It has bases in the Syrian-controlled Bekaa Valley of Lebanon, in Lybia and moves freely in East Europe.
The setting, a modern-day New Orleans beset by plague and other ills, is not believable but apt; in fact, New Orleans is perhaps the only American city in which this tale might have taken place.
But even companies without contingency plans might try to stay in business in a strike, Mr. Iberman said, adding that ''a lockout or strike costs a company with 1,000 employees $357 per worker every day a plant is shut down.''
The Americans say that tanks and artillery present the greatest threat to NATO and that the talks should therefore center on them.
Mr. Parmenter and others testified that ''Step Five'' of Mr. Mathews's plan was the assassination of prominent Jews, including the television producer, Norman Lear, the civil rights lawyer, Morris Dees and Mr. Berg.
He and his wife remained baffled, he wrote, by what had gone wrong: ''We still can't understand.
There is concern, however, that too much of the report has been rewritten to satisfy conservatives.
On the other hand, when I was at school running 400 meters, I was quite often laughed off the blocks, but I frequently won.''
This friendly-gesture sense of stroke surfaced in a motto of toleration: The Houston Chronicle's Texas Magazine reported in 1973 that the popular saying in a drug-abuse program was ''different strokes for different folks,'' the beginning of which became the basis for the title of the television series, ''Diff'rent Strokes.''
And there is a growing health voice that is beginning to be heard.''
Approval was finally obtained from church authorities, provided the book carried the disclaimer, suggested by the Pope himself, that Copernicanism was a mere hypothesis.
There should be about 1Y cups.
Canola oil has 6 percent saturated fat; safflower oil, next lowest among vegetable oils, has 10 percent.
He's the one man who can move about the country.''
He stressed that ASEA and Brown Boveri would operate as separate companies with their own national identities.
Hog futures moved higher again yesterday, continuing a rally that has seen repeated contract highs because of tightening supplies of market-ready animals.
''Wozzeck'' uses original materials (however strong the influence of Schoenberg's ''Erwartung'' and ''Pierrot Lunaire'') arranged meticulously in more or less traditional forms.
The film, in which the Scarecrow's lean, seemingly straw-filled body is propelled by long legs that bend with the wind, is a perennial favorite on television, being shown worldwide at least once a year.
Dr. Harold E. Carlson, chief of endocrinology at Northport Veterans Hospital on Long Island, who is considered an expert on gynecomastia, testified that he believes the most likely cause of the outbreak was the diet of the men at Krome.
Vince Gisriel, an organizer of the anti-highrise campaign, called the vote ''the first step,'' and urged citizens to appear at subsequent board hearings ''to continue this fight.''
At the same time they were carrying your petitions for County Executive this year, Republican Committeemen were also carrying petitions to abolish the County Legislature.
''But a medal is definitely within reach.''
Thirty cents will buy a trip on only the underground portion of the line.
Its rewards, in addition to the Pulitzer Prize, have included a New York Drama Critics Circle Award for ''Fences,'' which is about a black family on the eve of the civil rights era.
8 7 12 HEAVEN AND HELL, by John Jakes.
''It's a great signal that people are once again coming together as in the 1960's and 1970's,'' Mr. Mamarry said.
b-Includes tax credits of $75,000 and $133,000 for the quarter and 6 months, respectively; and a capital loss of $13,000 for the quarter and a capital gain of $302,000 for the 6 months.
The Gullah dialect survived primarily among rural blacks who largely depended on farming and fishing.
Delegates from several opposition parties remain part of the talks.
Sailboats and yachts bob in the bay at wealthy Newport Beach, and tanned young people idle the days playing volley ball on Laguna Beach.
Urvashi Vaid, a lawyer with the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force, a homosexual rights organization, said, ''In the context of an overcrowded prison system, the testing program is going to be unworkable and impossible.''
The company said that in 1985 it accrued a loss of $194 million from its withdrawal from an investment in Syngas Co. and the shutdown of an associated methanol plant, and the shutdown of an ethylene production unit.
''In Los Angeles, where Rolls-Royces, Porsches and Maseratis are common, so are auto-detailing shops,'' Mr. Bianco said.
The senior American banker in the negotiating committee said, ''The worst case would be that neither side gives in.''
and others in civil lawsuits charging insider trading.
One volunteer, Tom Fedorek, who is 36, said that he was largely motivated by his faith.
Mr. Riley said the maximum fine against the company should be increased to $10,000, and to $25,000 in the case of a ''flagrant violation.''
has softened the rules about hockey, but the National Hockey League is not likely to let Wayne Gretzky out of his midseason obligations for three or four weeks.
''Youthful indiscretions are allowed,'' he said.
While environmentalists and New York and New Jersey state officials renewed their debate over ocean dumping -New York City and eight neighboring municipalities are the only communities in the nation that still dispose of waste at sea - the issue was being talked about for the first time by many people who have long loved the wide white beaches and wooden-shingled Cape Cod-style cottages of the Jersey Shore.
Mr. Sawyer also complains that parents put flotation devices on their nonswimming children and then assume they are safe.
This trilogy of desires reminds me of Sweeney's lines in T. S. Eliot's ''Sweeney Agonistes'': ''Birth, and copulation, and death.
A similar agreement was signed at the same time with the Ford Aerospace and Communications Corporation, which was competing with General Dynamics for a contract to manufacture the weapon.
La Salle joined Southern Mississippi, Nebraska and Arkansas-Little Rock in the semifinals in Madison Square Garden.
Honeywell Inc. lost $492.8 million in the fourth quarter of 1986 because of huge, one-time charges for restructuring, write-downs and asset sales, the company said today.
It wasn't set up, to my knowledge, and I don't depict it that way as a conspiracy to rush me out of the office and into the car to give them the documents.
With the lobster, try the house's Torbato di Alghero, and if you want a digestivo, there's the smooth almond taste of an Amaretto.
''We did so well,'' says Mr. Botsford, ''that EMI/Angel decided it was worthwhile issuing that material itself.''
He and his wife, Elizabeth, plan to buy a second home in Los Angeles shortly.
Projects Offer Benefits Most of the funds the city would receive are part of $16.7 billion in proposed state assistance to municipalities and counties.
It was John F. Kennedy who first used Autopens with abandon; he also authorized various secretaries to sign his name.
He had been reading 400 books a year and he remembered almost everything, but he didn't do well because he didn't know how to think.
To compete with Elle, Harper's Bazaar last summer began using much younger models, but quickly found this was too wrenching a change for many readers.
As a matter of current practical relevance, we cannot install democracy in Latin America.
We were young and had little money and lots of high hopes, and more than enough Better Homes and Gardens to see us through.
Interest in the anniversary is growing steadily, according to Linda Kjeldgaard, the editor of Encuentro, a newsletter about anniversary events for scholars and ordinary citizens.
A book used by many travel agents for planning itineraries is ''Eurail Guide: How to Travel Europe and All the World by Train,'' about two-thirds of which is devoted to Europe.
The other major companies refused to comment.
At Bergdorf Goodman, for example, Ira Neimark, chairman and chief executive, said: ''It appears that the better business is holding up very well.
Asked if Judge Bork was aware of this gloomy assessment, the strategist said, ''Yeah, he can read numbers like anybody else.''
What the teen-ager was armed with turned out to be a pellet gun that was also a highly realistic reproduction of a .357 Magnum Colt Python pistol.
To do so, Baker has been emphasizing Bork's qualifications over his adherence to conservative ideology and hoping that, come the hearings, ''Bork will sell himself,'' according to White House political counselor Frank Donatelli.
The Big Question ''What if Roger McDowell had been healthy?''
Edward Schwartz, a spokesman for the United States Attorney's office in Manhattan, said yesterday that Mr. Boesky's sentencing date had been postponed to Dec. 18 from Oct. 9.
One victim gets his gut slashed in a church.
WITH all the available formats, buying a camcorder can be confusing.
The cost of staging the Pan Am Games is astronomical.
As a survey of black Americans last summer by Gallup for the Joint Center for Political Studies found, younger blacks - those who had not gone through the civil rights struggles - are much less loyal to the Democrats than older blacks.
The John Harms Center is at 4030 North Van Brunt Street.
LIKE many executives, Gary C. Lewis believes that his personal computer makes him a more productive manager.
Still, she has been overshadowed by the first ladies of tennis, and now, the 18-year-old Graf stands in the way of her first Wimbledon final.
In the interview, Dr. Paisley said the Navy would have to redirect parts of its budget for anti-submarine research, which has doubled in recent years and is approaching $2 billion annually, as a countermeasure to the increasingly quiet, speedy and deep-diving Soviet vessels.
The memorandum, which did not mention AIDS as the reason for the distribution, included instructions on ''proper handwashing'' and another set of instructions on ''use of disposable gloves.''
Peter Beck performed the ceremony.
Floating Point Systems Inc., a supercomputer maker based in Beaverton, Ore., said that C.N.
They Are a Local Elite Beginning 150 years ago as carpenters, masons, shopkeepers and traders, Benin's ''Brazilians'' evolved into a local elite.
Remember Chita Rivera and the dancing corps in the Shriners' convention scene in ''Bye Bye Birdie.''
Contemporary jazz seven nights a week.
Kurt Feuerman, an analyst at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc., expressed optimism on the product's sales potential.
Would the case have been closed?
White House officials have talked openly about forcing Democrats to vote on the Bork nomination, on the theory that such a vote could prove politically damaging in the future.
Among the desserts were a nougat concoction and a rather special apple tart.
Under the rice control law, the Government buys almost all domestically produced rice at about eight times the international price and sells it to consumers at somewhat lower prices.
is stretching out air traffic in the nation's busiest airspace sectors to increase safety margins and acknowledged that the weekold action was causing added delays.
He argues that London places more emphasis on good relations with Beijing than on leaving Hong Kong with democratic protections.
Like Smith, Trammell played great defense at shortstop and responded well to the Tigers' request that he bat cleanup.
Mr. Glynn, the deputy sheriff, said, ''I think it's definitely going to have an effect, regardless of what they they say.
''It was something that I thought up at the time,'' he said.
The Carrier Dome helped alleviate the burden of playing home games in the harsh late fall, when snow has already begun to blanket the region.
Observer Mission at the United Nations.
COLORADO Democrats - Campbell, yes; Schroeder, no, Skaggs, no.
Then Bates was bought by the British-based Saatchi organization last year.
It has an official embargo on supplying arms to either side, although recent revelations showed that it secretly sold anti-tank and anti-aircraft missiles to Iran.
Prices of fixed-income securities rose in the credit markets, where dealers and traders were anticipating a much smaller drop in orders for durables.
The state parks' cleanup budget has not increased, so the money ''comes out of something else we could have done,'' Ms. McLaughlin said.
Talinum's best race was a second to Java Gold in the Remsen last fall.
There is an electronic spine, known as a backplane, to provide power to the boards and make the connections among them.
Representative Dennis E. Eckart, Democrat of Ohio, said it was ''an imaginative, convoluted repudiation of specific statutory law.''
''After all, they're future brides.''
The display depicts the recent identification and interpretation of the burial 200 years ago of an 18th-century soldier, a member of the elite light company of the British 52d Regiment.
The company said the latest first quarter had a lower tax rate due to the Tax Reform Act of 1986; and the latest first quarter includes a $69,000 tax benefit due to the reduction of deferred taxes which had been accrued utilizing prior tax rates.
They shall remain bound by this obligation after their assignment as inspectors has ended.
An official of the American Bankers Association predicted that ''a significant number of acquisitions'' would occur if the Fed changes its rules.
The inherited disease occurs almost exclusively among blacks, affecting one in every 500.
But as he and the rest of the new administration were sworn in today, ending the long era of the populist coalition brought together under Gov.
New York City has about 225,000 families on welfare, generally headed by single parents.
''We capitalized on the disaster,'' said his predecessor, Elliott Yablon.
Mr. Wiesel, a survivor of the Auschwitz death camp who won the Nobel Peace Prize last year, was asked by Jews in Lyons to testify about the dimensions of the crimes in which Mr. Barbie, the wartime Gestapo chief of Lyons, is accused of playing a part.
investigators in the United States say they have documentary evidence that the Government hid its knowledge that a ''flying saucer'' crashed in 1947 near Roswell, N. M., killing its crew of extraterrestrial creatures.
The tribunal held that Hess was ''an informed and willing participant in German aggression against Austria, Czechoslovakia and Poland.''
If it goes a few ounces over, it must be considered in the 12-pound (6-kilogram) slot.
Daniel Brodsky, a principal with the Brodsky Organization, sought to draw a contrast between the scale of the residential projects his company has developed and that of the Boston Properties project on the Coliseum site, which has troubled civic leaders.
But Ms. Gottlieb senses in this generation as a whole a kind of family feeling that sets it apart from people born just a few years outside the boundaries.
It has ugly racial overtones and rears the hateful head of vigilantism.
Among the more ambitious proposals to develop this submerged property is a project the city has designated ''East River Landing.''
This means that a liquid remover will allow less time to scrape off the softened residue before it hardens again.
Senator Hatch, who was one in a legion of conservatives critical of the White House for its handling of the Ginsburg nomination, today said, ''They're a bunch of wimps down there.''
President Sarney's response to the crisis has not been reassuring.
The Shavian burglar gives us a foretaste of Joe Orton's anti-police humor; the lonely preacher in ''Too True to Be Good'' and the silenced priest of ''John Bull's Other Island'' bring us close to the ominous zone of Samuel Beckett; the nursery-rhyme ritual between the King Lear-like Shotover and his daughters leads us into the world of T. S. Eliot's ''The Cocktail Party.''
Charles Wiegand, C Essex Junction 9.
The 16-count indictment named Leonard A. Messinger, 47 years old, and Michael P. Oshatz, 50, who is chairman of New York University's Federal Tax Institute.
But virtually no colleges keep such records.
State and city political leaders joined Louisville religious leaders in Biloxi to press their case with the 650 commissioners at the nine-day assembly.
Today, everyone is talking about bistros: bistro atmosphere, bistro cooking and, yes, even bistro wines.
It's not that Mr. Smith is solemn, or that he's uninterested in when to buy and sell stock.
Many of the children do not talk; they sulk, they wail and cling, they turn their eyes away and do not answer.
Ryan is perhaps the most popular Jet among his teammates and his presence was a key factor in keeping the Jets a relatively happy family in recent seasons.
It bore no relation to our way of life.
Come to think of it, Nancy's name and Nicaragua both start with the same letter.
Waiving Normal Fee For the 1,000 or so hours he estimates he has put in on the trial preparation, Mr. Schulman said, he is waiving his normal criminal-case fee of $75 an hour.
Her ''Song,'' therefore, emanates from a weary throat indeed.
A memorial service will be held Monday at St. John's of Lattingtown Episcopal Church in Lattingtown, L.I.
Finally, stadium advocates argue that, despite these obvious flaws in the plan, the public will benefit from increased economic activity.
Karen's latent carpentry skills blossomed in her spare time away from the office.
Kansas State fell to 0-2.
For the first time, managers would be allowed to negotiate with suppliers over prices, with the aim of ending production bottlenecks and making producers more sensitive to consumers.
If you take this view, I wonder why you have so many nuclear weapons.''
''If 'Platoon' had been released 10 years ago, people would have said, 'Don't remind us of our mistake,' '' said the president of marketing and distribution at Lorimar, Ashley Boone.
Blades shakes his head, giving a smile that is engaging and disturbing at the same time because it conceals some truth others don't see.
Molitor singled in the first inning and stole second and third before coming home on a double steal after Robin Yount walked.
Even in the Middle East, an area that traditionally arouses the strongest passions at the United Nations, there are hopeful signs.
Despite these signs, Washington has shown little eagerness for wider talks.
In recent years the rise of a large middle class with discretionary income has changed that.
He has also played at times at defensive end, his position at Washington State.
On Saturday mornings, Dec. 5, 12 and 19, from 10 to 11:30 A.M., there are young naturalist programs for children 8 years old to 12.
''I didn't do the job.
''Last December, when we acquired Hudson River, it had $1.2 million in advance business on the books for 1987.''
Empty people will always turn their backs to the gun.
This has grave consequences for the moral life as well as for the intellectual life of individuals and of society.
Pilot Is Back Home Meanwhile, the pilot of the single-engine jet fighter, who ejected after the plane had lost power and he had failed in an effort to land at Indianapolis International Airport, returned Saturday to Nellis Air Force Base in Nevada, where he commands a group of pilots assigned to the 450th Tactical Training Unit.
''Iraq just will not permit Iran to use a lull in the war to prepare for a land offensive,'' a Kuwaiti journalist said.
Management has pledged to maintain production during a walkout, saying it will rely on salaried employees from the company's plants in 26 states and a construction company hired to perform maintenance.
Jack Donlan, the council's executive director, said he expected the plan could be in Upshaw's hands today.
That is, unless they already knew about the diversion.
As a general practitioner, Dr. Kaye ''specialized in everything,'' as he put it, ranging from obstetrics to geriatrics.
He would have spurts of tremendous coherency, gushes of inspiration.''
Stocks came back up, but without the wide swings that have characterized trading in the last few weeks.
The ready availability of Mr. Hart on substantive matters contrasts with the remoteness of others.
None of that sat well with Upshaw and the striking players.
For outside measurements slide the jaws over the object; for inside, fit them in the opening and open them until they touch the sides.
The proposed changes would ''go a long way in putting an end to situations like that,'' said Mr. Barry.
''Even if the Japanese Government removed all Government-imposed constraints on all trade, and American, as opposed to other foreign, companies were to get all of the business, the most you would be talking about is $7 billion to $10 billion off of a $60 billion United States deficit with Japan.''
Most damage can be prevented by covering the skin either with clothing or a sunscreen.
West Germany's continued military presence in the defense of the West will probably be an issue in the next German election and, without the Pershing, things will move rapidly down the slope of appeasement.
The announcement surprised many familiar with the company.
Adjacent to Independence Hall, on Chestnut Street between Fifth and Sixth Streets, are Congress Hall and Old City Hall.
Panfortes di Siena are available in Manhattan at Manon Chocolatier, 872 Madison Avenue (71st Street), in an 8-ounce wedge for $8, and in chocolate for $9.
''I get errands and other chores done on the weekend without worrying about finding someone to look after my son,'' he said.
Mr. Bauer said today that he and the budget director, James C. Miller 3d, would have recommended the veto, and he predicted Mr. Reagan would have taken their advice.
In its history, the N.B.A.
''It's the greatest thing in the world to come from behind in the third period and win a game, but it's the worst thing in the world to be ahead and lose a game this way in the last three minutes,'' said James Patrick, the defenseman.
Shoes still tend to be Italian, but whereas they used to be glove leather - the Gucci style - now they recall American shoes, which are harsher, larger, with an element of remembering New England boats and walking on the beach.''
But critics in the State Legislature said Mr. Dukakis has consistently underestimated the rate of growth of the prionser population and that the new prisons might not be sufficient to accomodate them.
Madlock Leaves Game Madlock, the Tigers' designated hitter, was shaken up on the play.
Potential for Heart Support He held the South cards and opened three hearts, partly because he and his partner use intermediate two-bids, and two hearts was ruled out.
We have problems about whether our society is healthy.
''Some guys can ride that out, others can't.
They understood that America is not merely a city on the hill, but a city on the make.
''There will be those who seek to exploit this tragic incident for their own objectives,'' she said.
They recognize the problem, but they are not doing much to change it.''
And Japanese businessmen said that recent events, while affecting diplomatic relations between the two countries, so far had not affected the enormous trade and business relationship established by Japanese companies throughout China.
As for the notion that Citicorp and Dai-Ichi would become each other's agents, the bankers said that meant that a Japanese citizen living in the United States could borrow relatively quickly and easily from Citicorp, because Citicorp would have access to credit information on the borrower from Dai-Ichi.
And when Mr. Caserta takes a special interest, chances are good that the boy will go downstairs to the Center's main office and become involved with the other programs within a month.
But in recent years, the industrial banks, which usually pay high rates for deposits, have faced intense competition from other financial institutions.
In their 30's and 40's, these women have had enough of the cruel fat jokes and the stereotype image they've lived with most of their lives.
The Bronx Zoo, which has undergone major remodeling in the last decade, is the second richest zoo in the nation.
Humans have 23 pairs of chromosomes, all identified by number except the sex chromosomes; two X chromosomes in the female, and one X and one Y in the male.
New York performing groups naturally tend to favor local or at least American composers, with only occasional representation from abroad.
After Stipanovich got up, Ewing tried to follow, but slipped again.
Mrs. Ortiz and her daughter received help from Maribel Acevedo, a Homebuilder therapist who had been a teacher, has a graduate degree in social work, and had received two months of therapy training.
S.M.U., the most penalized school in N.C.A.A.
The present education system is a product of Winston Churchill's wartime coalition government.
It is unfortunate: Mozart's singspiel bursts with energy and virtuosic challenge.
The colonel's Marine uniform will be replaced by a Gorbachevian Italian suit, covering a bit of added stuffing.
For them, the services are few.
The music on Wednesday blended those facets of his musical personality.
Quarries and stone craftsmen, for instance, have not caught up to the resurgent demand for granite facades.
The service said the Navy plane would have a range of about 600 nautical miles, would be subsonic in speed and would be powered by two engines, most likely derived from the engines built by the General Electric Company that now power the F-18 fighter.
He said the plans include an expansion of Olympic Stadium in Athens, a new velodrome, a 10,000-seat arena for gymnastics, wrestling and other indoor events, an Olympic-standard swimming pool and an international press center.
The other day, a New York City lawyer was appointed to a state panel.
11 10 11 THE DIFFERENT DRUM, by M. Scott Peck.
''I don't think this movement poses any danger to the established political system,'' Mr. Byzov said.
''But now, if I can't get to areas on back streets any time of the year, I don't go.
The message was almost certainly a boon for Roh Tae Woo.
During last week's interview, Mr. Kaufman described how he, Mr. Sagansky and David A. Matalon, Tri-Star's president, decide which movies to make.
In the last four games, they have forced 10 fumbles and recovered all 10.
But when the airline experienced financial trouble last year, the airport's growth slowed.
''I played Bob Guccione to her pet-of-the-month,'' recalled Mr. Bogosian, who has performed with Miss Magnuson at Folk City, Danceteria and the Lhasa Club in Los Angeles.
's own security officers, not guards from private companies.
So he would have had to say - if he carried out your instructions -that I'm acting on behalf on someone who admires your husband but I can't tell you who?
Defamation is whatever the K.G.B.
Stock markets around the world plunged in reaction.
It was a friendly call, a takeoff on the theme they have heard throughout the summer from the Stars & Stripes group, ''What goes down must come up.''
He wore rumpled chinos and a battered khaki hat, looking as rugged as the parched landscape around him.
When he is at the top of his game, however, there are few players in the N.H.L.
''Where did you get that goose?''
The money is being sought by South Carolina's Senators, the Republican J. Strom Thurmond and the Democrat Ernest F. Hollings.
Her husband is the son of Mr. and Mrs. David N. Ingber of Brooklyn.
Few Refusals to Take Tests Companies, students and placement directors report that virtually no young job candidates have been refusing to take the drug tests.
Almost all industrial production remains under state control, though family businesses are encouraged to increase consumer goods.
He said in a telephone interview that he hoped to bring more Americans into the company.
Still, Paraguayans are wondering whether everything is going according to his plans.
He quit to join the Wilderness Society, a private environmental group that has criticized the sales policy.
Its premiere in 1942 with Ballet Theater, later American Ballet Theater, made a star of Nora Kaye, a dancer in the corps and, in fact, confirmed Mr. Tudor's own stardom as a choreographer.
Economists assume that better-balanced trade would alleviate pressures on currencies, allowing them to stay about where they are.
Does this city love its team?
The feeling of helplessness did not escape Bob Hill.
Among the key issues is amnesty.
Be diligent about aiming spray under the leaves.
Afterward, the White House issued a communique criticizing Mr. Arias's peace plan, which calls for Nicaragua to move toward democracy and for a cutoff of American aid to the contras.
They are the 35-minute ''Human Voice'' (1948), Rossellini's adaptation of Jean Cocteau's one-character play, starring Anna Magnani, and the 76-minute ''Joan of Arc at the Stake'' (1954), Rossellini's interpretation of the Teatro San Carlo (Naples) stage production of the Arthur Honegger oratorio, text by Paul Claudel, starring Ingrid Bergman.
''I hate to say this,'' she says (and then says it), ''but they are not the example of womenhood I would like to follow.
Businesses quickly pulled iron gates over their doors and shut down.
In the old days, you didn't have that, and the call became conjecture.
''Most of the high schools in Westchester communities have well established senior electives, and for us to implement the Regent's Action Plan weakens the program we already have,'' said Sandra Kolk, curriculum coordinator for social studies in Ardsley Union Free School District.
Much of the manual, he noted, was created as a guide for instructors of new teachers, and not for the new teachers themselves.
It could be that women are diagnosed later in the course of the disease than men are.
He said talks today between Mr. Weinberger and the British Ambassador to NATO, Michael Alexander, focused on ''making what we do more effective.''
As he has every summer since 1955, Thomas Jordan, 71, reread the same book on the history of the Civil War while sunbathing at Point Pleasant Beach.
Impact of Trade Disputes Unless the visit of Japanese Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone to Washington this week produces an accord to stabilize the dollar and ease the trade disputes between the two countries, Mr. Jones predicted that the yield on the bellwether long Treasury bond could reach 9 percent in a matter of days.
This case is not causing anybody any difficulty or heartburn.
In both cases, however, the issue of lasting, constitutional significance lay not in the lurid details but in questions involving process, control, accountability and relations between the executive and legislative branches.
They work as a team.
The test, for city and state, is when they can make the supply of foster homes meet the demand.
Black hats being cowboy wear, and cowboys being American, the Russians never actually wore black hats.
''All the heat's going to be on me.
In speeches opening the 42d session of the General Assembly, leaders from Japan, Brazil and other countries praised the agreement and said they hoped it heralded a new era of cooperation between the two superpowers.
Warren played at full speed Wednesday.
Fresh Hot Breads The quality of the bread served in New York restaurants has been improving steadily.
Moreover, he said, the voluntary restraint agreement with Japan, Taiwan and other machine tool exporters will reduce imports of two important tools - machine-center and numerically controlled lathes - by 25 percent and 15 percent, respectively.
In New York, the Republic National Bank quoted gold at $401.75 an ounce at 4 P.M., down 10 cents from Wednesday.
Fighting will bring an immediate police response, he said.
The independents have not always been successful in their technical adjustments.
There were reports last year that a senior Government official cultivated more than 60 acres of vegetables next to the Nairobi National Park and, as the crop was maturing, ordered park rangers to drive a herd of wildebeests across so that he could seek damages.
Another poll conducted Jan. 20-27 by Mervin D. Field, director of the California Poll, found that Mr. Cuomo lagged behind Senator Edward M. Kennedy of Massachusetts and Gary Hart of Colorado in popularity, but not by a wide margin.
Various officials estimate that the fee would raise charges by $4.50 to $5.40 an hour, roughly doubling the cost to ordinary consumers of some of the least expensive services, such as electronic billboards for hobbyists, travelers consulting airline schedules or people using dating services.
They expressed optimism that the Legislature would strike a compromise when it reconvenes.
But Treasury officials blame universities for waste and mismanagement and say higher education, like other segments of the society, must tighten its belt.
Shaking his head, Brunansky said, ''It's a team, man.''
In a bull market, everyone looks like a genius.''
''Use only the amount of force that is necessary to protect you and the public from an imminent threat.
He said the others had not been found.
But when the police arrived at 1253 East 35th Street in the Flatlands section shortly after 9 P.M. on Sept. 25, what they found was not just another lovers' quarrel turned violent.
This biography of the pianist and composer Clara Schumann, wife of Robert Schumann and intimate of Johannes Brahms, is the best modern study of her in English, Harold C. Schonberg said in The Book Review last year.
A team of 12 rabbis is supervising the scouring of the kitchen, to include the cleaning of the 26 huge ovens with blow torches to remove any residue.
Fears of Guerrilla Holdouts Though Northern Province is mostly Tamil, Eastern Province is fairly evenly divided among Tamils, Moslems and the Sinhalese, who make up the majority in this nation of 16.5 million.
''And that is something we're not taking advantage of.''
One percent expressed ''unbridled enthusiasm.''
Handicapped access at Madison Avenue.
Growing up easily enraged, you learn to doubt the validity of your own anger, even when merited.
Some of the Cubans I meet don't like the Puerto Ricans.
Q. I'm talking about military actions, attacks on military aircraft of the-- A.
At each beach stop, the ritual was more or less the same.
But when you get off that floor, it's done and all that matters is that you did it and had fun.
''Even under this Convention, extraditions would have to be approved by the Supreme Court, and the justices have made it clear they want to stay alive.''
''So I'm going to hang the set from the ceiling of my study, with a switch to lower it.
Applications first have to be reviewed at the state level and sites must be inspected by officials of the environmental agency before the awards are made.
The New England book has 210 accommodations listed.
''I won't have as much money to work with.''
Buddy Tate, who sat next to Lester Young in the saxophone section of the early Count Basie band, played warmly, sporting a robust tenor saxophone sound and phrasing with wry, understated eloquence.
In Port St. Joe, local officials were also considering a change in security.
Nassau County proposed today to restrict hours for sprinkling lawns and gardens, require commercial car washes to recycle water and mandate large commercial offices to recycle water used in their air-conditioners.
''We do not think that Federal intervention is necessary and are uncertain about what form that intervention would take,'' his prepared remarks say.
Mr. Gliedman said the two sides are far apart on some key aspects of the proposed concession contract, such as its duration and the fate of the Lasker Rink in Central Park near 103d Street.
We may not have Donald Trump's bank balance, but we can measure our worth in large numbers.
But in 1983 Mr. Bryen's group, working with customs officials, seized a disguised shipment of VAX computers in Hamburg, West Germany, bound for the Soviet Union.
Unfortunately, they cannot really fall in love because they are both obsessed by absent monsters - his other love object being Antonia Back.
Another law requires the President to tell Congress about covert operations like the Iran arms dealings.
Last week it proposed a total of nearly $4.2 million in penalties against Bath Iron Works, a shipbuilding and repair facility in Maine.
Just when the Yankees thought they had the White Sox right where they wanted them last night, an unusual development occurred.
Almost from the first day of Bob Hill's tenure as Brown's successor, the talk began that the former University of Kansas assistant coach was only holding a place for Larry Brown, the Jayhawks' head coach.
As of June 12, the city had recorded 10,601 cases of AIDS; more than half of the patients - 5,980 - had died.
This order was followed, despite a company memorandum from Mr. Roux on Dec. 4 prohibiting the destruction of documentation concerning the Distillers bid.
The only part I missed and wanted to hear more about was his personal reaction to what he calls ''the collapse of an American career,'' and how he decided to walk away from so many years of a successful radio show.
The bees hibernate during the winter, and begin their busy season in April, producing up to 55 pounds of honey by August.
Mr. Rodriguez called on the Government authorities to state explicitly that the union, which represents more than half the Dupont Plaza's 500 employees, was not being implicated in the deadly fire at the hotel.
American Motors was the consolidated volume leader, gaining 1/4, to 3 3/4, on a turnover of 2.75 million shares.
That's not to detract from what has been said in tribute to Messrs. Tower, Muskie and Scowcroft - by each other as well as by editorial writers around the country, for their frank, fair and exhaustive labors.
Chief Ryan said a glass tube of the type used to smoke crack was later found in Mr. Abdul-Salaam's car, which was parked two blocks from the Orvieto house.
under provisions of the Clean Air Act concerning international pollution, interstate pollution, smokestack height and air quality standards.
It will be opening stores in Greenwich, Summit, Westport and five other towns in Maryland and California by summer.
Hopson Scores 16 Dennis Hopson, the Nets' top draft choice, was welcomed into the N.B.A.
Each time a steel-tipped arrow whacked onto the target someone struck a gong and the whole team broke into wild dance.
It was in 1964 that a group of wealthy businessmen approached the two strategists and asked them to help run the campaign of the movie actor Ronald Reagan for Governor of California.
Almost all trade cases revolve around the idea that foreigners are trying to impoverish themselves and enrich us by selling to us at a loss -and that the Federal Government should forcibly intervene to stop them.
''As far as we're concerned, that's a victory for New Jersey because $900 million won't come out of programs for New Jersey,'' he said.
Mr. Robinson's latest album, ''One Heartbeat,'' has already spawned two Top-10 singles in its title cut and ''Just to See Her Again,'' both of which are archetypal Robinson ballads with a strolling pop-Latin beat and catchy singalong melodies.
Legislator John W. DeMarco, the White Plains Democrat, said the percentage formula could produce an administrative nightmare because most major hotels offer a variety of room rates, sometimes for the same room, as part of packages that include meals, meeting-room rentals, audio-visual facilities and other amenities.
Argentina, Brazil, Peru and Uruguay, whose President, Julio Maria Sanguinetti, stopped off in Central America on his way here, comprise the Contadora support group.
If your child's physical education program does not meet these standards, you may want to talk to the principal, the P.T.A.
We were separated into smokers and nonsmokers.
But it will have to be pretty good to surpass the more modestly scaled but still intensely moving appeal of Michael Nyman's hourlong chamber opera ''The Man Who Mistook His Wife for a Hat.''
In 1985 and 1986, he said in a report to be released today, retiring employees worked 2 1/2 times more overtime than non-retiring workers, and 163 who retired last year had earnings averaging $43,000, 46 percent more than the base salary of $29,500.
''That's why the colored stone industry is doing so well.''
And so it goes with ''toughness'' or ''preacher.''
Nor is it just to redress the geopolitical error of leaving to the Russians the claim of being the one power backing opponents of apartheid.
Soybean acreage was called neutral to bearish.
A magnetic strip could be incorporated unseen over one of the openings of a package.
But that, in turn, has drawn those from the land to fill a city whose services and utilities, at the turn of the century, were designed for 250,000 inhabitants.
For Mr. Honecker, who recently turned 75 years old, the visit is the triumphant realization of a goal he has pursued fervently, sometimes brutally, for almost four decades: to have his Communist state, the German Democratic Republic, fully accepted by Bonn as a sovereign, legitimate and permanently separate state.
She was still admired by all who knew her.
Mutual funds that invest in the Pacific nations, for instance, have flourished.
I tend to believe the charts, at least in rough outline.
''He's probably one of the first truly rounded psychological characters.
The previous owner, Integrated Resources, a financial services company based in Manhattan, had paid $320 million for the building in 1986.
But after a wide but not deep investigation (none of Mr. Deaver's dearest friends in the White House were troubled with questions about intercession for clients or useful ambassadorial appointments), the not-so-special prosecutor served the public badly by ignoring his mandate.
Mr. Bakker said he spoke a week ago to the superintendent of the North Carolina district of the Assemblies of God church, the Rev.
3 banking company, said it would set aside $1.6 billion for possible loan losses in the second quarter, giving it a $1.4 billion loss for the quarter.
''It makes you want to cry - that some people don't want us,'' Mrs. Puryear said.
Ahead I saw a man by the roadside bend down to pick something up as he saw me coming.
The South Boston race for the traditional Irish boats, which resemble canoes, was watched by about 400 people, including Mayor Raymond L. Flynn and black church and civic leaders.
''Archivists are educating themselves about the dangers because we realize we are vulnerable.''
Dubai and Sharja both maintain close economic ties with Iran, and Sharja shares an offshore oil concession with Iran.
In the old version of the Stanford machine, electrons were accelerated down the two-mile tunnel until they collided with a stationary target, such as a vat of hydrogen.
Coleman, who had been the catalyst, sat quietly in the trainer's room during the team's post-game celebration so he wasn't available to say if Craig had intimidated him in the first game.
On June 16, the 2.2 million shares of Aldus opened at $20 and soared to $35.75 by the close of that day's trading.
The bushy-haired 41-year-old performer with a salt-and-pepper beard has appeared at the West Bank Cafe and the New Theater of Brooklyn, among other spaces.
To celebrate the festival's 30th year in Central Park and 25th in the Delacorte Theater, this will be a summer entirely of Shakespeare, the first since 1971.
These days it is inevitable, evidence of the lengths to which Soviet officialdom is going to regain its grip on a worrisome younger generation.
''There's no experimental evidence,'' said Leslie E. Orgel of the Salk Institute for Biological Studies in San Diego - no evidence, that is, of a clay that can replicate itself and perform creative chemistry.
To the Editor: Your article on Feb. 8 headed ''Gentrification: The Case of Clinton Hill'' erred in saying that the St. James Towers apartment complex in the Brooklyn neighborhood had been in bankruptcy.
It also included ''turned-up missing,'' ''hands-on participatory experience'' and the ''colorization'' process for coloring classic black-and-white films.
The wood floor, silk-screened with big pink-and-black checkerboard squares as well as a broken plate near a table, plays off a wall decorated with faded photographs and pictures of dairy cows.
Everything will have to be shoved forward a bit if this is to happen.
Top-seeded Ivan Lendl of Czechoslovakia survived a nerve-racking battle today with an unseeded American, Dan Goldie, before advancing to the quarterfinals of the $1.65 million Australian Open tennis championships at Kooyong.
On his 1938 trip to America, Prokofiev visited the Disney Studio and played ''Peter and the Wolf'' for Disney on the piano.
He was sentenced last month to three years' probation and a minimum of 160 hours community service.
''We are looking for him to see if he can shed any light on this, Detective McGarry said, adding that Mr. Graham ''is not even a suspect yet.''
The indictment asserts that Mr. Recarey tried to obstruct justice and bribe a potential grand jury witness when he arranged a job for Antonio Fernandez Jr., the son of Mr. Fernandez.
Then, as the Flyers appeared to have control, Glenn Anderson sprinted into the Philadelphia zone, cavorted between Doug Crossman and Dave Poulin, and tied the score with 7:20 to play.
And many politicians want to focus on legislative elections, which the ruling party now would like to schedule for early February, before Mr. Roh takes power.
Konkani is a dialect of Marathi and so any claim that ''it is older than Marathi'' is illogical.
Oh, and by the way, how many black reporters were covering the Mets and the Yankees?
Most of the nine women seated at a back table in the Delancey Street Cafe in Mineola weighed more than ''the weighable 350 pounds'' - the highest weight a doctor's scale registers - but no one was dieting and no one had any plans to.
Mr. Kobin speaks easily in the jargon of ratings.
She said that was not enough.
Blacks Questioned As it did most of last week, the issue of race dominated the process of selecting 12 jurors and four alternates.
''He's a great President, but he just seems to be slacking off a bit lately,'' said Tony Marth, who was recently laid off from his electronics job.
In some cases, he added, Jewish law would also permit the use of third-party donor sperm.
The Empire State Games will be held July 29 to Aug. 2 in Syracuse.
''I was listening to the radio in Cuba the first time I heard Celia's voice,'' recalls Mr. Puente.
Four demonstrators attempted to break through police lines, a block away from where Mr. Bush was speaking, to present such a wreath in memory of Americans killed in the fighting in Central America and were arrested.
The Swedish royalty, King Carl XVI Gustaf and Queen Silvia, will visit 13 of them in a 17-day tour next April.
She advised him to go into his father's business.
's and mortgage interest under the Tax Reform Act of 1986.
''There could be more,'' Mr. Faustin said.
The call from Linda Greene, the Senate aide, to Prof. John T. Baker of the Indiana University Law School, came last month, the day before Professor Baker was scheduled to testify.
In 1980 the Chemical Industry Institute of Toxicology reported that rats exposed to high concentrations of formaldehyde had developed high cancer levels.
Sweden's system of leaves for criminals goes back more than 40 years, based on the nation's humanitarian tradition and the belief that such leaves allow a slow readjustment to normal life.
The American bill for imported oil rose to $3 billion last month, from $2.7 billion in October, reflecting a 9.3 percent rise in volume and a per-barrel price increase of 19 cents.
The judge, Justice Hortense W. Gabel of State Supreme Court in Manhattan, said through her lawyer that she would be vindicated if the testimony in the inquiry were released.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*NOBLE DRILLING Qtr to Sept 30 1987 1986 Revenue 7,896,000 7,180,000 Net loss 2,190,000 4,146,000 9mo rev 18,461,000 28,107,000 Net loss 8,364,000 11,469,000 View Full Article in Timesmachine »
A1 A youth with a semiautomatic rifle who was ''target shooting,'' sprayed a subway car with 14 shots as the train pulled into an elevated station in Brooklyn, the police said.
Texas Instruments jumped 8 3/8, to 176 7/8.
To the Sports Editor: I have been reading about Dwight Gooden.
''Pro - that was all new to me,'' said Smith.
The company said that during the fourth quarter of fiscal 1986 it changed the method of recording earnings for its Eskey Inc. subsidiary from the equity method to the consolidated method for the entire fiscal year.
The hearing formally ended today with four hours of final arguments.
He will help to bring corporate clients into the agency.
LEAD: A MODERN DAY YANKEE IN A CONNECTICUT COURT: And Other Essays on Science.
''There is a Rolls-Royce inside the house which takes guests from room to room,'' he said.
They were North and South on the diagramed deal from the Open Pairs Championship.
Last week, the Canadian Government warned its citizens to avoid receiving acupuncture and other skin-penetrating treatments in China because a Canadian citizen may have contracted AIDS in China from infected acupuncture needles.
236-238), several Spanish restaurants, a leftist bookstore and a fishing-tackle shop.
Home runs have fallen off last few years, but average was a career high.
''He'd just come out and he had the feel of the game so I figured he was going back in.''
I would like to blame my mother for not teaching me these things, but she did not know them.
Historians of Mr. Reagan's policies will find many of their sources in celluloid.
O. Henry observes life and knocks back the drinks in Healy's cafe (the present-day Pete's Tavern); Nathanael West's undemanding duties as night manager of the Kenmore Hall Hotel leave him free to get on with his writing.
Depression-Era Families Although admittedly a little surprised by some of what he has seen on the current program, Mr. Peterson said he does not mind the modernity.
While southern Bihar has been suffering from the drought, vast areas of the northern part of the state have been submerged by rivers swollen by rain.
The film is a comedy-drama about an upwardly aspiring middle-class family of burglars.
''It would be funny if this was not such a tragic case,'' one physicist said.
For this is a town 100 miles north and emotional light years from the steaming pace of New York City.
But Mr. Shultz also insisted that any cease-fire be worked out with the involvement of the contras.
''Last year, we got the special interests out of the tax code.
When Mr. Balderrama steps out for a solo, as in ''Hey Gringo 'No Pasaran,' '' Las Coronas can also sound like Santana.
But in case one should turn up, Mr. Berinsky is ready.
A hearing on the petition is scheduled for Feb. 24, and William M. Price, a former executive vice president of Crum & Forster Inc., will become chief executive and liquidator for the units, Ms. Gillespie said in a statement.
Only the rubbery, tasteless seafood salad disappointed.
At the end of the book, when he has retired, Menzies comes to life at last.
Fujitsu Ltd., the Japanese computer giant that has been locked in a bitter dispute with the International Business Machines Corporation over software copyrights, disclosed in a recently filed prospectus that the two companies had resolved some of their disagreements.
By offering to rid Europe not only of Soviet and American medium-range missiles, but of shorter-range missiles as well, the Soviet leader has left the Americans, for now, with three uncomfortable choices.
Quite apart from the patent unconstitutionality of the particular amendment at hand, how can we get far more people to the polls on Election Day and help overcome that dreaded and much discussed political disease: voter apathy?
First of all, more defects show up on the glove than on your finger, and second, it preserves your hands.''
Today the Kamehameha Schools, for students of Hawaiian ancestry, rank among the finest elementary and secondary facilities in the United States.
Because Blue Arrow has all but rejected cost reductions, some analysts think it will try to increase the number of services offered through each agency.
Nevertheless, the orchestra played it scrupulously, letting its dark mutterings speak for themselves.
Shea Stadium hulks above it.
Mr. Shapiro was one of a group of Jews seeking emigration who met with Mr. Hawke Wednesday.
It's easy to envision Government wizards wondering why a man with a name like Ghorbanifar lies about everything else but refuses to lie about having a name like Ghorbanifar.
''They make a lot of sense,'' one mother said as she pushed her 2-year-old in a shopping cart away from G.I.
Several errors are cited by George Wilson, a Washington Post reporter who was on the U.S.S.
''I guess I stand by my statement,'' Mr. Aaron continued.
Industrial spies will be more concerned with menus than blueprints; the prestige of investment bankers will plummet still further as their pay scales are surpassed by company nutritionists; and the power of corporate raiders will increase when people realize that aggressors like Pickens, Icahn, Edelman and Simmons are much thinner than the leaders of the corporations they pursue.
During that period, Mr. Baird also met Rudolph W. Giuliani, then Deputy Attorney General who now, as the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York, is Mr. Baird's boss.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*M-A-R-C INC (OTC) Qtr to June 30 1987 1986 Revenue 14,639,000 12,183,000 Net inc 648,000 427,000 Share earns .21 .14 View Full Article in Timesmachine »
16 Protest at U.S.-Soviet conference 17 City problems bigger than ever 18 Foreign money in U.S. elections 21 Regional 24-31, 39-42 2,,q>In the Donovan case, a judge refused to declare a mistrial.
In maintaining its quietly elegant motif, Mr. Bodne in the 1950's and 1960's spent millions to almost surreptitiously update things - making it among the earliest of New York's hotels to add air-conditioning, cable and color television and electronic cards for unlocking room doors.
''My excitement cannot be described,'' said Jackson, who is from Reading, Pa. ''My memories of the Knicks are of Frazier, Barnett, DeBusschere, Bradley and Monroe.
One key was the run support by Carlton Williamson, the 49ers' strong safety.
Three of the 12 listed AIDS as the most important issue facing the country even before the issue was mentioned by Mr. Hart.
For Mother's Day he raffles off plants; for Easter, homemade baskets, and for a Boy Scout troop in the Newark ghetto that just graduated its first Eagle Scout, Jim Beam sour mash in a bottle shaped like an antique car.
I have found a way to do it.
You're not really connected to life as most people experience it, as people in towns experience it; you're connected to what, in the play, is the stars and mountains and the high wire.
THE tragic end of a civilization that peopled New Jersey as early as 10,000 B.C.
Dr. Hirsch, who was born in St. Louis on Oct. 31, 1922, graduated from Yale and received a medical degree from Columbia University in 1946.
* Monitoring the hijacking to Beirut of a Trans World Airlines plane in the summer of 1985 and planning for the possibility that the United States would use military force to free 39 American hostages on the flight.
The Probation Department suffers from both a lack of officers and secretaries, said Marino J. Fanelli, director of the County Probation Department, adding that the turnover rate among probation officers in the department had risen to 20 percent.
This one had Krystle written all over it.
programs as the one providing loans to minority businesses, he has said he would preserve the Commerce Department's 8(a) set-aside program.
Using a 5-iron this time, Pavin hoped to duplicate the thousands and thousands of practice shots he had hit over the years, the ones that landed within a few feet of the target with almost boring regularity.
If students had been aware of a way out in 1975, violence might have been averted when a group of black and Puerto Rican youths entered the luncheonette and, defying the ban, played the jukebox.
It costs $25 and is part of a menagerie of cookie jars.
He keeps most of his obsolete race cars in a museum adjacent to his home in Ocala, but No.
With the help of the State Liquor Control Commission, a bill was proposed this year to enable a winery to sell its wine wholesale if it is in a town where retail sales are prohibited, said Charles W. Kasmer, the commission's director.
The top 10 male newborn names last year, in descending order, were: Michael, Christopher, Jonathan, Anthony, David, Daniel, Joseph, John, Jason and Andrew.
The bride is a great-granddaughter of the late William Hahn of Washington, who founded the Hahn Shoes retail chain, of which her grandfather, the late Mr. Hahn of Washington, was chairman until its acquisition by the U.S. Shoe Company, of which the bride's father is a director.
Whittier had the most widespread damage, with structural damage to 30 commercial buildings and 1,200 homes, estimated at $12 million.
There again the contrast with President Reagan is evident.
Melvin Bradley, a special assistant to President Reagan, said of Ms. Simmons: ''She's not going to bend that much.
In April, partly as a result of requests from the United States, the Ministry of Finance increased foreign securities' firms share of the underwriting allotted to those members of the syndicate to 5.7 percent, from 1.2 percent.
The prosecutor, Charles J. Hynes, said the disclosure ''would not have a significant impact'' on the case.
Permanent residents must be at least 16 years old.
''He told me that a good cop is a voyeur on the underside of society, that he's attracted to something quirky on the other side,'' Mr. Kopit said.
Remove from the heat and stir in the butter.
''Our study shows some market similarity of price behavior with the 1929 crash and is not as optimistic as the Dow,'' Professor Arbel said.
Constitutional debate is at a stalemate, and the Government-controlled press constantly perverts the opposition point of view.
None of it, though, seems helpful.
Mr. Goldstein was appointed chairman of the State University Construction Fund shortly after Governor Cuomo took office.
''He would listen carefully and critically to every note in my part,'' Mr. Moore wrote in ''Am I Too Loud?''
A BABY-SITTING HOW-TO Prospective and working baby sitters from age 11 to adults may be interested in the Baby-Sitting Basics course given at Stamford Hospital.
His offer was accepted and, beginning on April 19, 1983, he met periodically with Mr. Turow, designated by his superiors as the contact with the Miami lawyer.
Among them are these: The Loire's fruity red Chinon and Saumur-Champigny.
Although he applied the brakes, his train went through the switch, derailed and struck a northbound train carrying 500 passengers that had already stopped.
Most live in small houses or mobile homes with electricity.
More than 350 bird costumes, ranging from a New York Mets uniform to a Dolly Parton evening gown with wig, are carefully stacked in plastic boxes in the small room next to the aviary.
Original Comic Strips on View Cel setups from such Disney classics as ''Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs,'' ''Fantasia,'' and ''Bambi'' have recently sold for as high as $30,000, according to Mr. Krisher.
For Hagler - who prefers a grudge to develop between his opponent and him - Leonard's repeated praise of him as an estimable champion ran counter to his needs.
But the Taller Teatro Dos of Chile uses the old story of the clown as victim, cast in Beckett's mold, to forge a vision of a spiritual spring among the oppressed of Chile in ''Los Payasos de la Esperanza'' (''The Clowns of Hope'') in the Festival Latino at the Public Theater.
The letter also says that when the story of the affair cropped up again in 1797, Hamilton ''was certain that President Monroe was responsible for the 'leak.'
They also noted that Bahrain had been particularly helpful in the last few months, after the Navy began its operation to escort Kuwaiti tankers.
Maybe I drowned her in it.
''We have the versatility to do several things,'' said Dorrance, who is in his 11th year of coaching at North Carolina.
He said he likes to take time off after playing well in a tournament.
The second book ends more than 20 years ago.
Reasons for Shift Unknown The poll did not look to determine why more people were responding unfavorably to Judge Bork.
''They've got a freshman quarterback and we wanted them to have to throw,'' said Hamelin, whose record in seven seasons at Wagner is 60-13-2.
The team's owner, Harold Katz, said he did not consider anyone else.
Goal by Sutter The Islanders, ineffective for most of the first period, had scored on the last sequence of that period.
A spokesman for Cambridge Reports said that several possible answers were scored as correct, provided it was clear that a respondent knew that the elements are the building blocks of chemistry; ''the periodic table,'' for example, would have been marked as a correct answer.
But ''there is still the question of why the results are not more favorable than they are,'' he added.
He has denied any wrongdoing.
3 in the Associated Press' poll, thus became the early favorite for the Orange Bowl invitation to play the Big Eight champion, either Oklahoma or Nebraska - the teams ahead of the Hurricanes in the polls - in a game that could likely be for the national championship.
b-After realized capital losses of $7,807,000 for the quarter and realized capital gains of $18,432,000 for the 9 months, and tax credits of $10,220,000 and $32,374,000 for the quarter and 9 months, respectively.
Aside from the international efforts to block the flow of arms to Iran, which American officials say are cutting supplies and raising prices, Iran faces difficulties in arming itself because Iraq's bombing has damaged industrial installations that support the arms industry, while redcuing Iran's oil exports and supply of cash, military analysts in Washington contend.
She will trace the history of Harlem from 1900 to the present through paintings, photographs and graphics from the museum's collections.
''How can they receive us like this?''
Among the major institutions that offer both bull- and bear-version certificates are Chase, the First City Bancorporation of Texas and the Fleet National Bank in Providence, R.I. Two others -the Northern Trust Company and the First National Bank, both in Chicago - offer only the bull version.
But one recent survey found that one in four French households, encouraged by the stock market's strong performance last year, has bought or is planning to buy shares in companies sold to the public this year.
HOW can faculty members manage the potential conflicts of interest between their roles as scholars, teachers and business practitioners?
I'm from Missouri, and I'm going to believe this when I see the cash.''
''It think it was nearly half a month or more, by which time all the record company people were waiting for their apple treats.
After a prolix first act, there are a few flares of dramatic interest as the characters take part in an informal truth-telling contest.
Ms. Oates would not deny this ''opponent,'' this ''bum-of-the-month,'' his chance to spill blood for his dream.
Close Vote Predicted Far more common, however, is the belief that Mrs. Cudahy has a good chance of winning.
Mr. Feinstein, smiling, added, ''And he always listens to that advice.''
''About three years ago bumper stickers were really hot for a while, and then they just died,'' Mrs. Jaroszyk said.
''Our prices are competitive with those anywhere in the world,'' said Dr. Piskulin.
Questions of general interest will be answered in this column; unpublished letters cannot be answered individually.
But a growing number of TV movies have no need to apologize when stacked up against some of the more ordinary fare dominating current box-office offerings: ''Lethal Weapon'' and ''Project X,'' for instance, or, heaven help us, ''Creepshow 2'' and ''Monster in the Closet.''
Francis Poulenc's ''Dialogues of the Carmelites'' is that opera rarity, a 20th-century work that has gained widespread admittance to the standard repertory.
In Sarawak, however, such an alliance seems a long time away.
Khomeini's Iran uses its technique of religious demonization, the good and the foul, Satan and the Blessed Ones to lead to that blasphemous ecstasy, Holy War, murder and death of God's children for the glory of God.
The built-in leeway of jazz composition places a premium on articulatory styles that are both precise and flexible and, above all, distinctive.
Allow at least one day's notice.
On Wednesday, Mr. Dole had been scheduled to join a group of Republican lawmakers introducing bills to require random drug testing of railroad and airline operating personnel.
He showed he could run a staff.
Besides managing the improvements, she actively encouraged community groups to increase use of the park.
It said there were no casualties in attacks on Sandinista troops near Rama in eastern Nicaragua and on troops outside Rio Blanco in the central part of the country.
Letters for publication should include the writer's name, address and telephone number.
The test will be the last using a booster design incorporating only two O rings, Mr. Raab said.
The riots left at least 15 people dead in some of the worst street violence since this former British colony known as Northern Rhodesia became independent in 1964.
The 12 fraud and conspiracy counts in the Federal indictment yesterday are each punishable by up to five years in prison.
It would also reduce a pay rise for military and other civilian workers to 2 percent; the House had included a 3 percent raise.
Evans, the articulate Red Sox right fielder, was talking about Commissioner Peter Ueberroth, and he was clearly agitated.
Test Moved Up Two Days The demonstration was initially called to protest the nation's first nuclear test of the year, which had been scheduled for today.
Unlike the ''Sally, Dick and Jane'' reading series that eventually faded from elementary schools, Dr. Seuss books, with their bold primary colors, have remained consistent sellers since they were first put into print.
While Ms. Ettinger has shed additional light on Jogiches in ''Rosa Luxemburg: A Life,'' the book is less successful in dealing with Luxemburg herself.
Largely on the strength of his testimony, a jury of 11 whites and one black found Hays guilty and sentenced him, too, to life in prison.
Then, approaching 20 miles, Seko took the lead, with Jones and Smith immediately behind.
''I knew why I was coming out.
The firm was losing millions of dollars, but perhaps more important, it was rapidly exhausting its buying power.
* Route 1 North, providing examples of redevelopment in older urban areas thanks to the growth of Newark International Airport and the state's general prosperity.
The gardens were laid out a hundred years ago and remain one of the greatest of Victorian gardens.
First, he held that the state's pricing system was inconsistent with the Federal antitrust laws because it approved ''resale price maintenance,'' which the Court has long held to be barred by the Sherman Act, and ''may facilitate cartelization.''
Up to now, most of the shelters have been concentrated in Manhattan.
In addition, a variety of researchers believe that the less potassium you eat, the more likely it is that a high-salt diet will raise your blood pressure.
That is why, as he approaches his third professional season and his first under Rick Pitino, the Knicks' rookie head coach, Ewing is treading lightly, seeking to downplay the significance of his position and the impact his state of mind could have upon the team's coming season.
decided to meet a larger audience partway.
* Overtime and absenteeism plagued several city agencies, including the Departments of Correction, Probation, Sanitation and Transportation.
At our insistence, the previous commissioner required numbered identification of riot gear, so that its wearers are no longer anonymous.
''We were always satisfied at the time that there was room for the sharing of powers between the executive and the judiciary,'' he said.
Followed by a Group ''We see one guy and we think it's somebody that we know,'' Mr. Lawrence said.
b-Net loss c-After net of $2.8 million for the quarter and a loss of $66.7 million for the 9 months, both from discontinued operations.
However, the House did not muster sufficient votes to override a promised veto from President Reagan.
Mr. Capehart, a son of the late Mr. and Mrs. Capehart, was reared by his uncle and aunt, Dr. and Mrs. Austin Gardner of Indianapolis.
Should we call forward to our office or to our spouse's?
Six fast-food stand-up counters ready to serve the hamburger of your dreams.
The quality of some of our lives will change if the Giants win, has already changed because they're in Pasadena, Calif.
One of the Soviet hostages was killed, according to unconfirmed reports, because Soviet pressure on Syria and the Amal and Druze militias to win their release led to ruthless strongarm tactics against the kidnappers.
It was an outcome that pleased neither side.
Telephone interviews with the health authorities confirmed his account and provided details.
Subsidies From City The city agency currently charged with finding housing for people with AIDS is the Human Resources Administration, through its AIDS Crisis Management Unit.
But within it, Regensburg enjoyed a privileged position as an independent city-state and as the seat of the Reichstag, the imperial diet.
But even more say they don't care or don't know who they want to win.
Justices William J. Brennan Jr., Thurgood Marshall and Harry A. Blackmun voted to spare his life.
I plan on making this my last stop.''
No more debates about where we could squeeze Barbie's dream mansion into our starter home.
''In this town you are not legally married unless you have potica and ham at your wedding,'' said Robert Scott, director of Ironworld USA, a cultural and interpretive center commemorating the life of the region's open-pit iron miners.
But the officials also say they have become irritated that the guerrilla leaders have shown little flexibility in part because of their internal rivalries.
Some clients want to know, when, if ever, they are going to be married.
A1 An off-duty police officer was shot in the face without warning by youths the police said were carrying concealed switch-blades, brass knuckles and crack after he asked them not to smoke in a nonsmoking Long Island Rail Road car.
Surely, you might consider supporting the positive approach of peaceful dialogue in South Africa rather than demonstrably ineffective - indeed counterproductive - sanctions, which retard reform while causing only blacks to pay the price for American moralizing.
official said she was penalized when the ball moved as she placed her putter behind it.
Disentanglement from one of these hard-sell situations can sometimes lead to sharp words.
Without one, their assertions of serving the public ring hollow, and consumers need to beware.
As the man was dragged away, the Russians petitioned the Norwegians by message to carry out their disciplinary activities out of view of Soviet soldiers, who the Russians said found the execution upsetting.
Mr. Santucci also said, ''I don't know that police are at fault as much as they say, to be very honest, because there are so many cases we handle during the year where people do indicate a fear or indicate they feel a threat.''
He went step by step and he helped us get hospital records from when she broke her leg and a letter from the Korean Buddhist Won Kak Sa Church wher eshe was a member since 1979.
'Let Everyone Have a Bite' Asked if he expected Senator Helms to press his own agenda, Mr. Pell said, ''Sure, I'd be surprised if he didn't.''
They are playing solo sets on Sunday, beginning around 7 P.M. Tickets are $8 in advance, $10 at the door.
ARTHUR RUBINSTEIN, who would have been 100 years old in January, embodies a paradox of the century.
A1 Secret Swiss bank documents were turned over to the special prosecutor in the Iran-contra affair, removing a final obstacle to the indictment of Lieut.
''It's the worst prescription drug advertising, the most reckless promotion I have ever seen,'' said Dr. Sidney Wolfe, a Washington internist who received the brochure last month.
Cutbacks in Chicago ABC News is drastically reducing its Chicago bureau, partly as a means of avoiding union problems, and next week ABC News executives will travel to Europe to inform employees of cost-saving measures to be taken there, including the closing of some bureaus, according to ABC officials.
Several women dropped out, and one, Francie Larrieu-Smith of the United States, wondered why the women had to run heats when the men will run only a final Saturday night.
Both have had a bit of a training camp edge on the No.
And there developed among strangers a fleeting sense of family in witnessing an Indian epic, part grand opera, part soap opera.
''We hit six home runs last August,'' he said, shaking his head.
Mr. and Mrs. John Marshall Perkins of Laurel Hollow, L.I., have announced the engagement of their daughter, Eleanor Gamble Perkins, to Mark Kilbourne Jeffrey Robinson, a son of Mr. and Mrs. Jefferson Davis Robinson 3d of Gambier, Ohio.
Often, he finds himself searching for ancient traces in communities so modernized that few have any grasp of the traditional culture.
A Rare Event Dr. Guth believes the right conditions for creating the aneurysm of an embryonic universe could come about by chance as well as by intelligent agency, although the chance creation of a universe would be extremely rare.
Also new is the buzz of activity that will take place on the Princeton University campus this summer.
Delphi, 3 Blackstone Street, Cambridge, Mass., 02139; telephone, 800-544-4005.
Reagan Intervention Rejected In addition, the officials rejected suggestions that have come from Congress and elsewhere that Mr. Reagan could help resolve confusion over important aspects of the affair by speaking out himself and prompting other officials to come forward as well.
At East Village Cheese, or the big Ninth Avenue fish markets, Central Fish and Sea Breeze, the buyer must be knowledgeable about quality to get full value.
Lady Bing attributes the current imbroglio to a plot by Sir Rudolf's lawyers to seize control of his assets.
Members of this group, the Denominational Ministry Strategy, have threatened to disrupt the convention.
b-Net income There were no share earnings in the year-ago quarter after provisions for dividend requirements on preferred stock.
An Uneasy Substitute Ironically, a substitute player who could benefit greatly from the strike - Norrie - seemed the most distressed of all.
According to the Manhattan District Attorney's office, welfare hotel residents brought the city checks to Mr. Rivera, who owns a store at 706 Faile Street in the Hunt's Point section of the Bronx.
The report said divers using suction hoses had succeeded in removing several hundred pounds of chemical residues near the Schweizerhalle warehouse of Sandoz.
THE SECOND BRIDGE By Gary Gildner.
A walk, jog or swim on one of California's loveliest beaches below is appropriate, but when blissful inertia utterly takes over, there is a little shuttle to transport guests down and up the steep hill to the sand.
Four of Tompane's five specialists - Haas, Frank Delaney, John P. Moran and Roland J. Cadotte - are former Marines.
Strong and handsome, with their characteristic white ''chin strap'' markings, tens of thousands of these big birds have in a few recent years used the region's manicured lawns, artificial ponds, bird feeders and suburban antihunting ordinances to cease their normal migrations, multiply their numbers and acquire a reputation as dirty, aggressive pests.
Chased and forced into a shoot-out with the aga's men, Memed kills the nephew and joins the brigands in the nearby hills, while Hatche is imprisoned for the murder.
''The Supreme Court loss should have created substantial advantages for Pennzoil, in terms of what the court was likely to do if the case got back before them,'' Professor Goldschmid said.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*REGAL PETE Qtr to March 31 1987 1986 Revenue 120,425 190,208 Net loss 124,211 369,978 View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Mr. Barbie has maintained that he was only following orders.
Congress is expected to focus much of its attention on the issue of sovereignty, many legislators agreed.
Mr. Reagan declined to comment on what he thought would now persuade the Sandinistas to change, when years of fighting with the contras and pressure from the United States have not produced the results he wanted.
Do not be too quick to denounce a phony-looking story.
Some Administration officials have said that security, not cost, will determine how to proceed.
Contrary to the impression conveyed in recent news, the references are not to Nancy Reagan but to Edith Bolling Galt Wilson, the second wife of America's 28th President.
Robert H. Helmick, president of the United States Olympic Committee, happened to be visiting Seoul at the time, and said he was confident about 1988.
Even the officials were excited.''
Federal prosecutors, with access to much of the same evidence used in the Bronx, had declined to prosecute, however.
In July it agreed to sell the company's forest products operations to the Great Northern Nekoosa Corporation for $1.2 billion.
On the charts, the dollar hit its low for the day, and that's when the stock market hit its low.
The scene was Paradise Island in the Bahamas in 1972.
Developed several years ago by French photographer Jean Coquin, and marketed by Minolta, they produce such special effects as prismatic highlights, rusty-colored skies and ''romantic'' mists.
Except during the hours of a Government curfew, the crowds continued to gather as Sri Lanka and India signed a peace accord and Tamil rebels began to lay down their arms in the north.
The company said the year-ago 6-months net reflect a one-time gain of 6 cents a share related to the sale of a hospital in St. Louis.
Half their contingent searches for the princess, while the other half finds a look-alike, an ordinary girl named Alice, to impersonate her in the meantime.
''To sum up then,'' Mr. Reagan said, ''this summit was a clear success; we made progress on each item in our four-part agenda.
There's one other way a golfer can make the team: win this year's United States Open or P.G.A.
''The operation was routine with no complications,'' the statement said.
Broadening the attack, he adds about the movies, his other major livelihood, ''They aren't administered by Miss Dove, but by people interested solely in making a buck on the buck they have put out.''
Well, a sleek little shift dress banded in black velvet and sparkling with all-over diamond embroidery is not exactly unobtrusive.
In March, Adam spends an evening at Hugh Hefner's house in Westwood and denounces the lack of lewdness in America's Playboy sexuality.
3 * PATRIOT GAMES, by Tom Clancy.
The visit to St. Clare's, one of the largest AIDS treatment centers in the nation, ended a weeklong visit to the United States, in which the British Government sought to gain insights into the deadly disease.
MONDAY ''Tiempo de Silencio'' (''A Time of Silence,'' 1986), directed by Vicente Aranda.
(Ages 6 to 8) CYNTHIA RYLANT'S writing has glowed with the warmth of family and the almost touchable atmosphere of place in previous works, such as her two Caldecott Honor books, ''When I Was Young in the Mountains'' and ''The Relatives Came,'' and her collection of poems, ''Waiting to Waltz: A Childhood.''
Anything can go wrong and often does.
At the 9:30 A.M. opening bell, the Dow was sharply higher, and it rose more than 80 points in the first half-hour.
The disclosure of the analysis, one State Department official said, was the first ''shot across the bow'' not to proceed further on an initiative that would become highly contentious within the Administration.
The Jewish organization, whose name was the General Union of French Jews, was the sole Jewish federation allowed by the Nazi occupiers.
When planning an initial town hall visit it is important, said Ms. Gouveia, to visit as many regulatory agencies as possible ''because often nobody stops to tell you that you may also need to see inland-wetlands or the coastal-area management people too.
The circumstances of the shooting were not clear.
I have been critical of the Administration for its support of the contras, but at this point it does no good to re-argue history.
So far, Governor Allain has made no public endorsement in the Democratic party, although he is believed to be privately backing Mr. Sturdivant.
If he's O.K., we'd give him a day to rest and then put him on the mound to throw Monday, again Wednesday, again Friday.
In a letter that was read aloud at today's ceremony, Oneonta's Congressman, Sherwood Boehlert, dwelt upon the difficulties of honoring soldiers whose death seems marked by a sense of waste.
She majored in business and education, but student teaching convinced her that the classroom was not for her.
Using water and foam, the firefighters brought the blaze under control about 5 P.M., two hours after one of three transformers in the room exploded in flames for reasons that, according to fire officials, were not immediately determined.
Another priority, he said, will be to make clear that ''unethical behavior'' in government will not be tolerated.
Further, that community has taken the leadership in urging education and compassionate care for people with AIDS.
(Siobhan Cuffe organizes this event; telephone 016-88997.)
They would have their own administrative headquarters in Arab East Jerusalem, along with their own flag, anthem, stamps and currency.
In addition to her society and family/ style reporting, Miss Curtis over the years pursued a variety of stories with datelines from around the world.
But the rest of the world still looks to it for innovation and leadership, and what happens on the New York Stock Exchange sends electronic ripples instantaneously across both oceans.
It failed because of lack of advertising.
Neither the complainant nor Mr. Farrell raised objections during the trial.
One evening the greens were sandy but the vinaigrette, made with a grainy mustard, was super.
But yesterday Mr. Ward stumbled into a hubbub over one of the oldest - and, one might have thought, most dated - subjects: women drivers.
Results of the Discovery What new picture emerges about Mary Shelley from these letters?
There were other famous dancers, but few could match the sophistication and inventiveness of Mr. Astaire in such films as ''Flying Down to Rio,'' ''The Gay Divorcee,'' ''Top Hat,'' ''Swing Time,'' ''Follow the Fleet,'' ''Blue Skies'' and ''Easter Parad For all the lushness of his films, often in settings of splendor and champagne, Mr. Astaire projected a down-to-earth personality, that of a good-hearted fellow whose effortless steps, even at their most dazzling, matched his casual demeanor.
Critics, on the other hand, declare that nuclear reliability can be assured without testing and that the search for superiority is futile at best and dangerous in its potential to undermine nuclear stability.
He said Iran had expected to conclude the discussions today.
Sun will sell the houses when the gasoline cleanup is complete, Mr. Dietsche said.
Among those companies whose hallmark has always been elegant reproductions, Baker Furniture is introducing about 80 new pieces.
''How dare them tell me that I couldn't abort a baby that I did not want!''
We landed safely, and we started along the path into the village, but our Crillon guide did not follow.
The flinch breaks the rhythm - breaks its back, as Robert Frost said - and lets the emotion ache its way in.
And the building is owned by Bob Lurie, who, when he is not fighting with the city over building a new stadium for his San Francisco Giants baseball team, is rehabilitating his area properties.
The Markets West Germany ordered reductions in interest rates in the strongest sign of international economic cooperation since the markets collapsed last month.
But last March, backed by many of the same troops who kidnapped the President on Jan. 16, the general led two successive uprisings during which he demanded the dismissal of the Defense Minister and the army commander.
5/25 2-run HR 5th inning off Curt Simmons, Phillies.
''They are considering very carefully the demand of Kuwait.
degree from the Boston University School of Law.
Mr. Faberman, who coordinated the negotiations, noted that agreement had been reached quickly on rescheduling flights at Philadelphia and Newark, that more than 200 flight changes had been agreed to for Atlanta and that more than half the 66 time changes sought for Chicago's O'Hare had been volunteered.
''Parents, who have had to take out large loans, look at their children as an investment,'' she said.
b-Net loss and includes a loss from discontinued operations of $63,200,000 for the quarter, and a loss from discontinued operations of $69.5 million for the 6 months.
has reduced its hourly work force by about 25,000 people in the last year.
MARK K. BENENSON New York, Dec. 7, 1987
Last fall, food stamp benefits for homeless families living in hotels were slashed by more than half.
Food, too, reflects the decor; the light and light-hearted succeed.
Meet at the Club Tijuana or the Dew Drop Inn.
It happens as we are about to meet Alfred Doolittle for a second time.
The company declined the proposal, saying it was studying various restructuring possibilities.
At Dreman Value Management, the buy list in recent days has included such pharmaceutical issues as Pfizer, SmithKline Beckman and American Home Products, along with two specialty retailers, The Gap and The Limited, that have experienced sharp selloffs for several weeks.
What ''belting'' and ''flaying'' an Indian servant who is really ''clear white'' inside has to do with ''respect for individuals'' is certainly beyond my comprehension.
We are most grateful for their help, which allows us to fulfill our commitment to New Yorkers in need.
''In general, the industry will be lucky to break even this quarter,'' said Nancy Young, financial services analyst for Tucker, Anthony & R. L. Day.
At the same time, it said it would proceed with another developer, Sutton East Associates.
I think there were a lot of documents that he destroyed that had no relationship to the Iranian initiative or had any relationship to the contra diversion of funds.
Various Disciplinary Actions She said that disciplinary actions against some hospital staff members ''are under way in various stages.''
(AP) -Everette Stephens scored 22 points to rally Purdue in the Big Ten Conference opener for both teams.
The debate in the House was emotional as critics of reflagging drew comparion to the deployment of Marines in Beirut and defenders of the plan accused the critics of playing politics.
Laura snatches coins from inside a truck to make a telephone call, scrounges shoes and clothes for them at a municipal beach, schemes to get a room key so she and Howie can sleep overnight in the Starlight Motel, steals a Jeepster from a deputy sheriff who's trying to arrest them.
Putting their skins at risk, a pair of exiled leftists have returned to test the reality of reconciliation.
He has been sufficiently proved to merit the credit (or the blame) for the theory he proposed nearly 40 years ago.
Mr. Hart withdrew last May following reports that he had spent a weekend at his Washington townhouse and time on a yacht with a model.
Some 300 people immediately signed up, attracted by promises of commissions of up to 50 percent, and the intersections are now clogged with book salesmen.
Biggest Scandal in Years The Guinness affair is Britain's worst corporate scandal in years.
A workshop on Saturday from 2 to 3 P.M. will demonstrate how to create Victorian-style tinsel holiday ornaments.
Mr. Herships noted that Pennsylvania had convened a special task force to study various alternatives, including a bond sale.
It is often contended that the budget deficit brings on rising interest rates.
Dinner at Phillip's restaurant includes such local specials as crab imperial at $12.50, a seafood platter, broiled or fried, at $14.95 or a backfin crabcake platter at $12.95.
Since that would have made the land tax-exempt, the village government persuaded the M.T.A.
Makela's father played for years on the Finnish national soccer team.
In addition, Farrar Straus is to publish three volumes of autobiography by Ms. Yourcenar, but no publication dates have been set.
The exhibition, which opens Tuesday, will continue through Nov. 11 at the Whitney Museum of American Art, One Champion Plaza, Stamford.
Despite the eminence Zhang Jie now enjoys, there are more outstanding practitioners of fictional art in China - both male and female - especially among the young generation.
Under the plan, the corporation will make 21 billion marks, or about $12.75 billion, available at special rates, officials said.
Utah's Mark Eaton blocked seven shots.
And here was something that could be enjoyed by anyone at any age.
He said water-quality tests were conducted yesterday by health officials and that the beaches would be reopened as soon as the authorities believe the water is safe for swimming.
Here, I thought, was a perfect example of the younger generation, attention span whittled away by television, failing to appreciate the old-fashioned virtues of gentle, thoughtful drama.
Admission is $10; $8 for students.
Available at most hotels, travel agencies and train stations, the card and an accompanying illustrated booklet cost about $10 for one day, $16 for two and $20 for three.
''It's unimaginable,'' sighs unfallen Adam, looking at Eden. ''
That recommendation came from the panel headed by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist after a judicial investigation that began soon after Judge Hastings was acquitted of charges of corruption in a trial that ended in February 1983.
She was 82 years old and lived in Manhattan.
$55 to $100 for two year-round.
Both talk about their ''sense of mission'' and the suffering they have endured in the name of democracy.
''In view of the publicity that your case has involved and some publicity about the sentencing practices of the judges of this court,'' Judge Lasker said, ''I want to talk turkey.''
''I think sometimes memory enhances things,'' he said.
''We're in a very tough period,'' he says.
That, Mayor Dallan said in an interview, has had its costs.
Pork Hunan-style, shredded pork and vegetables in a hot, spicy sauce served with two pancakes, was a moo shu pork taste-alike.
And what about Mr. McDonald?
In a single afternoon recently, Dr. Lurio reassuringly discussed an abnormal Pap test with a 24-year-old Jamaican mother-to-be, talked a medical student through the removal of a needle from an 8-year-old's foot, dispensed dietary advice to a third-grade ''sugar addict,'' convinced a 55-year-old diabetic to try and stop smoking and, in Spanish, conducted a pelvic examination of a young woman from El Salvador.
''First, though, we've got to find out where they all are,'' the Commissioner said.
Dancers from the two schools quickly crowded around for a better look and trade secrets were exchanged.
According to the International Monetary Fund, Indian citizens have at least $1.3 billion in Swiss banks.
Do not grind too much, or you will make a paste.
In recent months, the dollar has not only fallen further against the mark and the yen, but is also starting to deteriorate against the Canadian dollar, the South Korean won and the Mexican peso.
Going into their final regular game of the season last night against Sacred Heart University, the men had a 20-6 record and was tied for first place in the New England Collegiate Conference.
One of its most ambitious projects was restoration work on railings and fences on and around the Brooklyn Bridge for its centennial.
In the best of all possible worlds, the operating system would be invisible.
''I doubt that this is a new virus, just one we have not seen before.''
Recently he was joined by Kathleen Cusatis - one-time executive vice president, account director, of Franznick & Cusatis - as senior vice president.
''Contemporary Jewish Religious Thought'' is enhanced by a workable glossary, lists of abbreviations and contributors and a comprehensive index.
Diagnosis, Treatment An initial medical examination should include a detailed history and physical with a complete neurological workup and X-rays of the cervical spine.
Scholarly articles and books and published collections of his letters have raised a defense before.
''A clear definition of a pit bull dog will be difficult to draft,'' as well as ''impossible'' to enforce, said the president of the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, John F. Kullberg.
Born in Brooklyn and raised in New Jersey, the producer-director-writer now lives in Los Angeles with his wife Holly, but he wanted to share his good fortune with the needy of his native city.
If the people I minister to are satisfied and happy, and all is fulfilled for them, then Tammy and I are more than happy to start over.''
Most of the South Korean armed forces are under a joint American-Korean command, although in practice, Korean units have been more responsive to Korean than American orders.
We're deemed big-headed if we discard our old friends, forgetting where we came from.''
The brown suit he supposedly wore at his inauguration and a chip of wood purportedly from his coffin are also under glass there.
In the first, prisoners grabbed hostages after wardens foiled an escape attempt.
No date for sentencing was set.
As a dancer, he was his own best interpreter, which was one reason he was such a valuable director: He could demonstrate.
The most excitement, he said, was in 1946 when he was the first reporter to travel with illegal Jewish immigrants from Eastern Europe to Palestine.
* Educating officers that AIDS cannot be transmitted by casual contact and the low risk of AIDS infection from human bites or assaults.
George McElreath, the Federal trustee appointed as caretaker of the assets of the bankruptcies of the Placid Oil Company and William Herbert Hunt's trust, said there would be a private meeting Wednesday between the Hunts and Republicbank and Manufacturers Hanover.
Maybe Streisand replaced Teri and they have all forgotten about me.
For much of the past month, the Cardinals have succeeded in extending their season by using a remarkable resourcefulness.
''The blockade of Khost will now be lifted by military means,'' the general said.
Live eels are often used by anglers fishing from anchored boats.
Of 40 finalists to be announced on Jan. 21, 30 will win cash awards of $1,000 each.
The number of neurons may remain the same, but by growing new synapses - or by strengthening the ones that are already there - the brain can change in response to experience.
Jury Is All-White Mr. Hays, acting as his own attorney, called both witnesses liars and said he was horrified when he came upon the body of the victim, Michael Donald.
Providing continuity with the past is the appointment of omnipopular Zinnerford Smith, former chief of staff to Mayor Gibson, to the newly created post of ombudsman.
Marino left the game with an apparent eye injury with 2:22 left in the game.
Mrs. Lippmann said the town anticipated that its new zoning would be challenged because ''when you change a zoning ordinance that has not been changed for 20 years, someone is not going to be happy.''
Some, like the Silicon Valley purchasing manager, who declined to be identified, said that they have little choice.
He doesn't get any respect.''
West Antarctica is an ice-covered archipelago about the size of the Philippines.
The prosecutors noted that Mr. Rastelli was supposed to have been a defendant in the Mafia commission trial in Manhattan but was not brought to trial with the others because of the Brooklyn proceeding.
Some states require their local health authorities to keep track of AIDS sufferers.
We all made mistakes and it seemed to gravitate through the whole team.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*ADELPHIA COMMUNICATIONS Qtr to June 30 1987 1986 Revenue 23,346,000 8,053,000 Net loss 10,293,000 1,249,000 View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Place the tenderloins on a baking sheet and broil for about 14 minutes, turning them often.
At the end of the day, Julio returns to his lonely apartment, looks at movies of a home life he no longer has, drinks too much Scotch and plays the saxophone.
Pay-for-view movies are now offered in 47 percent of the hotels with more than 300 rooms, as against 6 percent in 1980, according to Larry Chervenak, president of Chervenak, Keane & Company, a consulting firm in New York that specializes in hotel technology.
Among them is ''Buildings From a Child's-Eye View,'' 1 P.M. to 3 P.M. on May 10, the event's first guided children's tour of the historic square mile surrounding Independence Hall.
''He hit us right in the seam.''
''If you try to do that in the city of Boston, it would be almost impossible.''
With his own camera, he photographed everything he saw, including people ''who hadn't even enough fluid in their bodies to cry.''
Federal officials investigating the Wedtech Corporation, a military contractor in the South Bronx, yesterday confirmed a report in The Daily News that the company and its founder, John Mariotta, had given the church $80,000.
A1 A commuter jet crashed in California after crew members reported hearing gunfire inside the plane, Federal officials said.
But of course it is not curious that humans have always worn ornaments, unless you believe that our ancestors never made anything that was not either practical or religious.
''Doing things my way isn't just a matter of pride or stubbornness, it's a matter of energy,'' he writes.
Parents use it to strip lint from their clothing.
Only 50 entrants will be accepted on a first-come, first-served basis: 25 restaurants and 25 individuals.
Listeners who prefer automatic operation - i.e., with the tonearm positioning itself at the beginning of the disk and returning to its resting position at the end - have excellent choices in the form of the ADS Atelier P4 ($500) and the Bang & Olufsen Beogram 5500 ($439).
In many departments at Morrell's, half the workers say they have carpal tunnel symptoms.
Why not a play portraying what Shakespeare's ''Hamlet'' had left tantalizingly incomplete?
Being asleep, it mimics the memento mori of the traditional still life and at the same time suggests that the picture itself is a dream.
''Once the door is open,'' he wrote, ''restrictions cannot be imposed on the proper use of the information supplied.''
Selling cigars by the bag, for instance, was his idea.
The old term civics, which to older Americans conjures up memories of weighty textbooks filled with diagrams of the three branches of Government or how a bill becomes a law, is no longer fashionable.
''His neck muscles didn't stick out.''
It set a record of $113.75 in 1965.
There may be another abuse she didn't expect.
The enemies of the cabana people are legion.
There has also been little said about the fact that few people have been injured, or that only one person has died, a Hyundai worker killed by a drunk driver who ran his car into a crowd.
The New York State Comptroller, Edward V. Regan, who has long been considered a political maverick, has been detaching himself even more than usual from his Republican colleagues in recent weeks - and angering party leaders in the process.
Presented by New York Theater Workshop, Jean Passanante, artistic director; Nancy Kassak Diekmann, managing director.
Eighth-seeded Sandra Cecchini of Italy beat Larissa Savchenko of the Soviet Union, 6-2, 6-0, to gain.
A night in Tharu Village, built in the style of a traditional longhouse and offering a view of Tharu culture, costs $90.
Lofaro's Information Law-enforcement officials said the grand jury would be asked to vote a superseding indictment against Mr. O'Connor that goes far beyond the original charges.
Only five of Clara Schumann's pupils left recordings: Fanny Davies, Ilona Eibenschutz and Adelina de Lara (the three women represented here), Nathalie Janotha (whose four primitive disks, made about 1904, are reported to be execrable) and Carl Friedberg, later an important professor at the Juilliard School and probably the finest artist of the group.
Her father, formerly chief financial officer and chief actuary of Mutual of New York, is chairman of Gill & Roeser, reinsurance intermediaries and specialists in mergers and acquisitions.
The previous contracts between the same unions and government officials - most of them signed 18 months or two years ago - included wage increases average 6 percent each year, the bureau researchers reported.
''We should look on the C.I.A.
The Bessies brought the completed manuscript, which had been translated into English by the Russians, back from the recent Moscow Book Fair.
The tragedy that engulfs all three of Pagnol's creations, Jean himself, Ugolin and the Papet, might - set in some medieval royal court - have provided material for Shakespeare.
Another rumor has Christians in possession of a secret spray that somehow makes a sign of the cross appear on the scarves of Moslem women.
Mr. Picart, who previously worked for Thierry Mugler and Hermes, recently gave a surprising hint about how the Lacroix line might be sold.
They suggested to other U.S. allies and friends in the region that the United States had shifted its policy in favor of Iran.
The future of urban economies and air quality may depend on limiting the growth of automobile traffic into downtown areas.
Inspectors can now only order that work be halted until safety problems are resolved.
Louisa May Alcott was always modest about her gifts; whatever early dreams of genius she might have nourished had been knocked out of her years before her literary fame arrived.
But, he warned, ''They're not the first investment you'd make.''
The statement was issued after discussions today between the Indian Ambassador, Jyotindra Nath Dixit, and Velupillai Prabhakaran, the leader of the Liberation Tigers.
The official opening of the three-level, 1.2 million-square-foot mall marked a major step in the transformation of the Hudson waterfront from a strip of dilapidated railheads and factories into miles of offices and apartments.
Mr. Massino has been described by the authorities as the potential boss of the Bonanno organization.
The United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit unanimously rescinded the order, saying it violated Mr. Ford's First Amendment right of free speech.
And the manager smiled after his first loss of the season.
With his wife, Tullia, he lives in a modest house in the Woodlawn section.
Dr. Elliot M. Gross, the Chief Medical Examiner, said yesterday that an autopsy had been performed, but apparently not in Manhattan, and he said he could not obtain the necessary records and provide information on the case until today.
Republican - Vucanovich, no NEW HAMPSHIRE Republicans - Gregg, no; Smith, no.
Taped excerpts of that debate will be shown by media psycho-soundbiters, and may be as dismaying as clips of Mr. Nixon's ''last press conference.''
But there will be an added complication: all 120 seats in the Senate and the Assembly will be up for election in November.
It has been a brutal year for him, starting with the loss of Republican control of the Senate last November, followed by the revelations of the Iran-contra controversy, followed by the complete flop of his Economic Bill of Rights, followed by the divisive fight over his nomination of Judge Robert H. Bork to the Supreme Court - a fight that he may still lose.
But the S. E. Hinton story for that film is a great deal more innocent than this one, and a lot more easily understood.
Last June, the apartments of six Arab workers, who had moved from their villages to the Jewish Tel Aviv suburbs of Ramat Amidar and Ganei Yehuda, were set afire by Jewish youths.
Benjamin Barry Kramer, an international powerboat racing champion and a builder of racing boats, was charged today in a 44-count indictment stemming from a Federal investigation into drug smuggling.
A woman can no longer be reasonably confident that she will become a vice president, for example, simply because she has made it to the job just below that position in the hierarchy.
The list of the top 10 losers included financial institutions that suffered from huge loan losses.
People vary widely in their views about what constitutes an unexpected visit and how such guests should be entertained, according to Dr. Jane Simon, a psychiatrist in Manhattan.
Not that the counselors are out to prove instinct wrong.
I have more faith in the people of this city.
By prohibiting early parole, the reforms should blunt public cynicism about a criminal justice system in which a convicted murderer receives an incomprehensible sentence of ''life imprisonment plus 25 years'' - only to be released after serving a fraction of the time.
If President Reagan follows the formula he adopted in April, when the sanctions were imposed, about $135 million of the original $300 million will now be eliminated.
Brown, too, is no longer relegated to one part of the face.
THERE'S only one thing worse than not having a job.
For example, Bailey, Banks & Biddle, a national chain of jewelry stores owned by the Zale Corporation, the country's largest retail jeweler, last year created a separate men's jewelry department.
''It just got really bad when I was with the Twins.
On admissions policies, data for the freshman class that enrolled in 1985 found that while only 2 percent of all students matriculated under special admissions procedures, 4 percent of the student athletes and 12 percent of the football and basketball players gained admission that way.
The June gold contract was $3 higher, at $459.50 an ounce, but a late upswing stopped just short of the high of $461.20 set this morning after increases in the prime lending rate charged by major American banks.
They don't share a locker room with the regulars, but are segregated in a racquetball court across the hall.
In ''Sail,'' for instance, the sea is seen in terms of a strong, singing blue and a dark, contrasting hue that is part blue, part black, part purple.
He arrived in Paris in 1950.
Lawyers say the fight has also raised, if not entirely answered, important constitutional questions about federalism, the fairness of the legal process and the role of creditors and shareholders in a bankruptcy proceeding.
''We've never talked about it and he doesn't want to until after the Marlboro.
Fisher-Price is part of the Quaker Oats Company.
''He's truly outstanding and the best we've ever had at his age,'' said Stacy Frey-Carrero, an instructor and the co-owner of the Yonkers gym.
COLLECTORS will remember the original Vienna Octet, an ensemble that made several splendid disks for London in the 1950's.
Cast changes brought in Joyce Herring's energy-filled, desperate Iphigenia and Larry White's sustained image as a clawed messenger of death, with Kenneth Topping's Paris, Steve Rooks's Apollo and Thea Nerissa Barnes's Athena.
But he is seeking to enter the fashion mainstream by acquiring a backer for a ready-to-wear line.
Here again the age of Lincoln intermingled with Greek mythology to the self-aggrandizement of the author rather than the invigoration of the audience.
Among the Senate Democrats who won changes were John Breaux of Louisiana, Donald W. Riegle of Michigan and James Sasser of Tennessee, who asked for more money for the Community Development Block Grant program.
Not only do they share the same name, they also happen to be world-class sprinters of widely separated track and field eras.
But it doesn't matter that there's little conventional plot in ''A Yellow Raft in Blue Water.''
* * * Identification Cards Q.
It runs faster than before, and it's easier to use.
But traders do not know the extent of the Fed's adjustment.
There is little in the way of reserves to be used against targets of opportunity, and mobility is limited by a shortage of trucks and helicopters.
A firm conviction about how to get from A to B?
Note: Greens should be a balanced assortment of whatever is best in the market.
If one does not possess a resident or nonresident New Jersey hunting license, a one-day license may be purchased at the Preserve.
Of the animals tested, only chimpanzees can be infected by AIDS, and none of the animals have been exposed to the AIDS virus.
Nearby, the Abbey Church of St.-Germain has Merovingian crypts covered by the earliest known frescoes in France, depicting in series the martyrdom of St. Etienne.
And if one major suit proves favorable he has squeeze chances.
His indictment alleges a willingness to play fast and loose.
''I've gone from villain to hero since 1985,'' Alan Wilson said.
Green was not the only one on the court having problems.
The chapels - Roman Catholic, Protestant and Jewish - represent an unusual combination of 1960's ''swoop and zoom'' styling and the spirit of interfaith cooperation.
'Bad Faith' Is Charged Mr. Maddox represents Cedric Sandiford, described by the authorities as the state's key witness.
Their continued presence in Israel, he argued, threatened the nation's Jewish character.
Mr. de Chabert-Ostland is a senior vice president of the Chilmark Commodites Corporation in New York.
''How do you know you cannot say thats.''
He waited until New Year's Day, when he found out he had been sent to the Rangers for Mike Ridley, Kelly Miller, and Bobby Crawford.
Old Shatterhand is not Wyatt Earp.
Admission, $5 ($4.50 for the elderly, $3 for those 6 to 14).
West Texas Intermediate, the American benchmark crude oil, was trading at $20.15 a barrel, up 40 cents on the London-based open market.
Ted Kaufman, Mr. Biden's finance director, estimated today that the campaign had raised $3.7 million.
His change of status will enable President Reagan to nominate a judge to replace Judge Costantino, who is 67 years old, on the regular active roll of judges.
''The drafts are nice, they keep the room nice and cool,'' said Damion Camelos, a junior at Scarsdale High School.
'Cannot Image the Horror' ''If the rain fails even in September, we cannot imagine the horror,' said a former Agriculture Minister, Rao Birendra Singh.
''We'll examne themfurther tomor-row and make an evaluation then.''
The survey, conducted by Dresner, Morris & Tortorello Research Inc. of New York for the Upjohn Company, involved 750 men and women, some selected from subscription and membership lists of outdoor publications and organizations and others from a random sampling of the general adult population.
In his recent State of the County Address, County Executive O'Rourke said he would also like to speak before the committee, but he added: ''You should know that my administration is committed to implementing a humane and cost-effective system of care for persons in Westchester.''
In a step that could remove a key defense against hostile takeovers, the Securities and Exchange Commission today proposed a rule that would forbid corporate managements from diluting the voting rights of their existing shareholders by issuing new classes of stock with multiple voting powers.
And one analyst, Bob Prichard of San Rafael, Calif., thinks that Peterson's inefficiency caused him to cover two miles more than the 26 miles 385 yards the event required.
Quantum mechanical entities like particles can never be measured completely - one must choose, for example, to measure either the velocity of a particle or its position.
Ms. Billips said she started stealing when she was a hungry 4-year-old in a broken family.
''But he won't come,'' Mrs. Adams said.
I've just taken a pill to fix it.''
He laughingly told me about how his teen-age son had come home one night and presented him with a box of condoms.
May 5: Public testimony begins before the Senate and House committees on the Iran-contra affair.
Many of his clients still resist buying leather, believing it to be heavy and unwieldy, but others are discovering its practicality.
GOLDEN STATE (NBA) - Claimed Tony White, guard, on waivers from the Knicks.
With our multiplicity of orientations, we will continue to take the same warnings, information and confusions and act differently in response to them.
''If we learned anything from our mentors, it was to continue to explore new territory.
If Congress does not increase the Treasury's authority to issue new bonds with an interest rate higher than 4 1/4 percent, the Treasury could delay or sharply reduce the size of its quarterly 30-year auction in the first week of November.
In his last three starts, the opposition has scored 12 runs in nine and one-third innings.
Foster, formerly the promotion manager of National Football League Properties, Inc., said ESPN would televise four regular-season games and the title game Aug. 1.
Letters of Support The documents have been reviewed by the commission examining National Security Council activities and have been referred to the special prosecutor investigating the Iran-contra affair.
Canadian Dancers The Danny Grossman Dance Company of Toronto will open its four-week season today at Davis Hall on the City College campus.
Last year, he held up 18 ambassadorial nominations until he won a place for a Virginia conservative, Helen Marie Taylor, on the delegation to the United Nations.
Such an illusion is ultimately corrosive, for the reverberations of injustice are not so easily confined.
''It all happened so fast.''
On Memorial Day weekend, the agency for the first time allowed bicyclists to ride across the George Washington Bridge.
The young man is on his way to join the unit; he has no experience in filming, but thanks to his mother, who was once at college with the director, he has been given a job as a production assistant.
Few things went right for the Giants.
Unfortunately, the studious pursuit of lively doings makes for less than lively reading.
Lotus itself, industry historians point out, borrowed heavily from Visicalc in devising 1-2-3; the similarities between the two are striking to any spreadsheet user.
Furious negotiations proceeded throughout the night and early morning, almost exclusively outside the council chamber.
Business at the Haagen-Dazs stores has been ''O.K., not great,'' Mr. Silloway said.
For this reason, ''Bandits'' is not quite of a piece, like ''Glitz.''
The aid workers had spent days walking about 220 miles through swamps and other countryside to Pibor from the town of Mundri, where members of the Sudan People's Liberation Army abducted them July 7.
A former senior officer in the Nicaraguan Army who defected recently to the United States has told American officials that the Soviet Union is preparing to send large quantities of new weapons to Nicaragua, despite provisions of the new regional peace accord that called for limiting the size of national armies in Central America.
Fee: $495, including breakfast and dinner daily, five ski days, hotel accommodations, evening activities and transportation; $50 extra for rental of ski equipment.
Mr. Zamora says he has no illusions about winning the presidency or even a major share of seats in the National Assembly.
Todd Foster of Great Falls, Mont., gained a unanimous decision against Oscar Caton, a powerful but wild light welterweight from Argentina.
At certain points the market reporting system was two hours late.
Industrialists say that the decline of the leather industry in the West -caused by pollution problems and high labor costs and operating expenses - will help developing countries such as India win a bigger share of the international market.
Several months later, the criminal judge for the district, Fernando Soto Arenas, asked for help from OS-7, a unit of the uniformed police, the carabineros.
Another sign of a Soviet artistic thaw is preparation at the Russian Museum in Leningrad for an exhibition next year of avant-garde works kept out of sight for decades.
As I peeked carefully over the ledge, I noticed that my wife had already started down; I had to follow.
She beat them all by taking over after six furlongs with a strong bid, and had plenty left to hold them off despite tiring through the stretch.
Success bred both success and imitators.
.P-QN4!, it was not possible to strike back with 18 P-QR4 because Black keeps coming with 18. .
''These agreements will provide Allied-Signal with an additional $530 million in cash and is another step in sharpening its focus on high-technology businesses,'' said Edward L. Hennessy Jr., chairman and chief executive officer of Allied.
And that may not be compatible with Wall Street's quarter-by-quarter pressure on public companies for consistent financial results.
First, they said, try to determine a cause by checking the following: Is the baby hungry?
Eli Lilly & Company, the pharmaceutical concern that plans to sell its Elizabeth Arden cosmetics and fragrance division, said Friay that it was likely that a buyer would be announced later this month or in early August.
Remove the rabbit from the skillet, brown the onions in the remaining fat for three to four minutes, then quickly stir in the flour to thicken the sauce.
Mr. Begun smiled as he put down the receiver.
Concern Over Credit Some commission staff members have expressed concern that the administration will take credit for negotiating rate cuts but will not participate in the process when increases are in order.
Diplomats and political analysts have been poring over old speeches looking for clues to the positions Mr. Salinas may take on such critical issues as Central America, drug traffic and immigration.
By early today, only a few signs of the demonstration remained.
b-Includes a gain from restructuring of employee benefit plans of $30,581,000 for both the quarter and 6 months.
THE ECONOMY American business productivity rose at a 1.8 percent rate in the first three months of the year.
The league, with about 100,000 members, is considered the nation's largest Hispanic organization.
Raymond O'Donnell, said it had not yet been determned whether Mrs. Casse planned to return to New York City to identify the three suspects.
First Options officials have said that as of last Monday there were 28 such accounts in deficit.
His parents, Frances Billingsley and the late Logan Billingsley, bought 1,000 acres of land in Somers just after World War II, and the family has been developing it or selling it for development ever since.
Home, for merry punchbowl-mixin'; ''MAA-sa-PE-qua!''
PCB's, or polychlorinated biphenyls, were widely used in industry until they were banned in 1976 after an outbreak of what the Japanese called Yusho disease.
Several of the firm's officials had been charged with criminal offenses relating to the investigation.
On a recent morning, as American visitors walked among the purple bougainvillea blooms of the high-walled garden, they murmured approval of the museum proposal.
* The Mets made 15 hits, all singles.
There are other novels such as ''The Natural'' by Malamud.
Mr. Molinari said the Custom House was not a suitable site for the museum, citing as his authority for that assertion Terence C. Golden, the head of the General Services Administration, the Government's housekeeping agency.
As a result of the Tower Commission report on the Iran-contra affair, and in view of upcoming investigations and a Congressional vote on $105 million in new aid this fall, almost any contra-related issue - from their finances to their political disunity - will remain under scrutiny.
A successful picture book is a blend, a melding of words and pictures with no seams showing.
The Security Council plan is widely regarded as being of great significance for the United Nations at a time when the organization has fallen into public disrepute in the West and is widely regarded as being indecisive and ineffectual.
His first move was the creation of a low-fare carrier, New York Air.
The Brooklyn Borough President, Howard Golden, told administration representatives at the hearing that he was ''affronted'' by the lack of detail in the shelter proposal.
And with its debt so high, the company would need more than ever the help of its unions, including the pilots, to lower its costs.
We used to be proud of our three visits to the club every week.
And when a predator attacks, they can perform a fast expansion called the ''fountain,'' quickly splaying outward from the intruder.
Experts given him virtually no chance of winning, and many expect that he will drop out before the formal start of the campaign on Oct. 8.
Thanks to the audience's decline in knowledge about singing and voices, knowledgeable complaints are remarkably few and timid.
HENDERSONS Buyer: Janice E. Henderson, a law librarian, and her mother, Adeline M. Henderson, a postal employee.
Jesse Jackson said that his Operation PUSH hoped to meet with major-league owners and Commissioner Peter Ueberroth in an effort to increase the number of blacks in baseball management positions.
Some of this paint has chipped off and I want to spray on a new coat of paint.
The exhibition is the product of an unusual art collaboration in which an anonymous group of private patrons raised funds to bring artists to the campus for a week each to lecture, work with students and use the university's extensive visual-arts facilities to produce original prints.
The Tobacco Institute, the cigarette industry trade association, has argued that further study is needed before concluding that passive smoke can be hazardous.
Grounding in Rhythm-and-Blues Mr. Pickett, who comes from a bohemian family in Berkeley, Calif., grew up listening to a lot of jazz and alternative radio.
''It's no secret that if we are going to compete with a team like St. John's, that we need Rik out there for at least 35 minutes.''
I have the smallest theater and two stars.
Col. Oliver L. North ship weapons to Iran and Central America were closely associated with the co-founder of an Australian financial concern that collapsed in 1980, according to an Australian Government investigation.
The United States also entered an important new phase last week when both President Reagan and Vice President Bush gave their first major speeches on AIDS, stressing the need to fight the disease and not its victims.
She is attending Somers schools with my children.
John Paul is not always so malleable.
Accord Reported in India NEW DELHI, Wednesday, July 29 (Special to The New York Times) - Leaders of the largest Tamil guerrilla group in Sri Lanka said early this morning that they had agreed to the proposed accord between India and Sri Lanka on achieving peace in Sri Lanka after a midnight meeting with Prime Minister Gandhi.
The 206 pieces from the collection of the American Ceramic Arts Society to be shown tomorrow through Aug. 29 were created between 1880 and 1920.
So far they appear to be cutting away a lot of fat.
In July, the United States gave its approval for Cuban athletes to travel to the Pan American Games in Indianapolis in chartered planes, and a short time later Cuba gave permission forthe first of several supply charters.
The substantial number of children whose antibody tests show exposure to acquired immune deficiency syndrome are destined to linger in the hospital indefinitely.
Subject to Change/Henry Threadgill Sextet/About Time 7.
Ford said it had offered $68 a share for each of U.S. Leasing's 7.4 million common shares outstanding, for $512 million.
The Pirates, winning their fourth game in a row and their sixth straight at home, scored 31 runs in sweeping the series.
Plans for Protest Rally Mr. Kim announced after the three-hour meeting that he would go ahead with a protest rally on Friday.
It is a tribute to its author's skill that he prepares us so well for what was to come.
And he put together a recording, film video and print empire, a company called Amberson, designed to enrich him and preserve his every effort for posterity.
In a speech last week to the New York Water Pollution Control Association and in a later interview, Mr. Daggett said Federal, state and city agencies should devise a plan that would establish guidelines for how much acreage could be developed and how much left as protected coast or wetlands.
He noted that $2.5 billion was about twice Sanofi's market capitalization and about 30 times Robins's annual earnings.
''We only knew Liu Shaoqi was dead in 1980,'' Mr. Huang continued.
Cook briefly, stirring, and add the wine.
They have burned buses, ambushed police units and bombed electrical installations, as well as started to rebuild their urban front groups and a new trade union movement.
The club announcement said he was being cut by mutual decision to give him a chance to find a job that would give him more playing time.
One such interlude came Tuesday after a neurologist said that pregnancy posed minimal risk of aggravating Elizabeth Stern's mild case of multiple sclerosis.
The share earnings are adjusted for a 4-for-3 stock split in June.
Two things endeared him especially to his patrons.
The action headed off an aggressive courtship by New Jersey officials, who wanted the merchants to move the whole operation to the Meadowlands.
In the other, deposits from one failed thrift unit were transferred to a healthy one, but the high rates that customers thought they were earning on their C.D.
Pack extra medications and keep them in two separate areas; if you lose one set you've got another.
On May 26, Rick Aguilera was warming up for a game in San Francisco, but stopped when his right elbow hurt.
The feeling behind all of them, apart from the diagrams, could reasonably be described as Wordsworthian - ''natural piety''; and to clinch matters there is also a scrap of paper on which Constable copied out Wordsworth's poem ''The Rainbow.''
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. was a classmate at Boston University, has offered this program to commemorate the slain civil-rights leader's birthday, which is Jan. 15.
''He accompanied McFarlane to meetings with the President and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs that other N.S.C.
The HDTV picture would also be one-third wider than today's image area, with a width to height ratio of 5.3 to 3, the same as motion pictures.
The exploration level is still too low for oil companies to reverse the decline in domestic oil production, which last year dropped 700,000 barrels a day, to 8.4 million barrels.
36 Two Democratic candidates, Representative Richard A. Gephardt and Gov.
Then in 1970 I met the bread that would change my life.''
''It would attract top-of-the-market rents.''
To exclude Europeans from applying for an American directorial position would be chauvinism.
This ubiquitous little vehicle is the cheapest rental car in Morocco, and in my experience it is less likely to get stuck in sand or mud than heavier cars.
''We're very disappointed not to finish first,'' Gary Carter said before the Mets scattered.
At West Germany's urging, European Community interior ministers have met and sketched measures that would avoid shunting refugees from one frontier to another.
The Democrats' complaints come at a time when all 120 seats in both houses of the Legislature will be up for re-election in November.
There are intelligent treatments of architecture and ballet by Wilhelm Holzbauer and Riki Raab.
Tucked along the back wall of a battered refrigerator on the third floor of the chemistry building at Beijing University are two beetle-brown laboratory bottles, their caps sealed with white tape.
With the AIDS crisis creating more and more anxiety, and with America's alliances crumbling and the country turning from a creditor nation into a debtor nation, I think people are already beginning to pay more attention to what's going on and to realize that we'll have to change our behavior or pay the consequences.
The Dow Jones industrial average soared 66.47 points, its second-best point advance ever, to close at 2,337.07.
''La nina, la nina, a little angel,'' she said.
Cooperative Tactic One tactic increasingly being used is cooperative marketing and promotional efforts with the makers of electronic devices.
Eight people were arrested and several handguns were seized in the operations, one of which involved penetration of one of Colombia's largest drug rings.
It was Texas's first lead since the game's opening minutes.
Mr. Prechter publishes The Elliott Wave Theorist, whose essential principle holds that stock prices move up and down in distinct waves to complete any single bull or bear market.
He said it was unclear how many companies would decide to end their operations in South Africa because of the Rangel amendment.
Allied, considered one of the healthier banking concerns in Texas, has recently been hurt by souring real estate loans in the overbuilt Houston market.
The number of titles within the two subdivisions of nonfiction can change from week to week, reflecting changes in book buying.
A little open space barely big enough to be called a piazza serves as a stage, and it is almost overwhelmed by the steeply tiered bleachers for about 500 people.
There are few more satisfying ways of filling it than by forming firm attachments.
The Devils' home record is 12-3-1, second-best in the league behind Montreal.
Gore and Jackson Circulate The two, Senator Albert Gore Jr. of Tennessee and Mr. Jackson, held receptions for and private meetings with committee members in an attempt to gain favor.
Later, in New York, sterling traded at $1.6310, compared with $1.6290 late Thursday.
On Friday in Taejon, southeast of the capital, anti-Government protesters commandeered a bus and drove it into a group of policemen, killing one of them.
Justice Sandra Day O'Connor dissented, joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justice Antonin Scalia.
Cycle World is in Newport Beach, and Cycle in Westlake Village.
Donnie Hill singled home the tie-breaking run and Carlton Fisk followed with a home run.
''If you give in to the child's tantrum you reinforce it,'' he said, ''and the child will have more tantrums and will resort to tantrums more quickly.''
Key Issue Is State of Emergency When the peace plan was first put forward in Costa Rica last month, Nicaraguan officials portrayed it as an attack on their Government.
WHAT do choreographers do in summer?
She sings in Ukrainian and plays the bandura, a lute-like instrument.
But if you walk around campus with anything but a big smile on your face, they'll wonder, 'Why is she being hostile?'
But in May an expert advisory committee to the drug agency surprised scientists and Wall Street by recommending against approval based on the data provided by Genentech.
''We expect to have no trouble meeting our demand, at least until 1988,'' said James L. Logue 3d, the executive director.
PERFUME: The Story of a Murderer, by Patrick Suskind.
It sounds as if the water level in the tank is too high and water is running out into the bowl through the vertical overflow tube.
Senate Republicans, once content to do nothing on the theory that the scandal belonged only to New York City, acknowledge that Albany must participate in the cure.
She starred as the Pitcher in Wegman's hilarious short film ''Dog Baseball,'' which was shown on ''Saturday Night Live'' earlier this year.
That trophy came partly because of higher ticket prices and because a late Labor Day gave the summer an extra week.
''This was a business decision based on all the factors involved.''
Living with wildlife in general and lions in particular can be enchanting, Mr. Adamson attests.
Therefore, he is incensed that many teachers use Pidgin in class.
As an Administration official conceded, ''We emphasized control at the expense of leadership.''
Kenneth E. Lasch and the Rev.
ANTIQUARIAN BOOK FAIR Saturday and Sunday promise a grand time for book fanciers on the Upper West Side.
They include Suddenly Salad and Ice Cream Cone Cereal from General Mills; the Blizzard, a gooey soft shake treat from Dairy Queen; a Window Insulation Kit from 3M, and Textra, to give body to fine hair, from Lamaur Inc.
Some of the pictures have a touch of real ferocity -a drawing by Marjorie Organ, for example, that shows a group of plump women wrapped in furs, strutting around like a flock of pigeons; but most of them, considered as calls to action, are about as inflammatory as the cartoons in The New Yorker (which is in fact where one of them, an amusing fantasy about Palm Beach by Julian de Miskey, originally appeared).
''The team has to move on,'' he said, ''and we will do that.''
Feasts are to be held also on July 25 and 26 and Aug. 8 and 9 at the restoration, which is at 441 Clarke Avenue, near Arthur Kill and Richmond Roads.
Because one ball, no more, is always in midair.
Coadjutors have usually been appointed to dioceses where a bishop is ailing.
An hour later, another of his far-flung stable gave him his 5,0001st by winning at Ak-Sar-Ben in Omaha.
Riggs's way of discouraging someone from leaping off a rooftop, for example, is to handcuff himself to the man and jump first.
''I'd like to very much,'' replied Stinson.
The disease usually strikes people from 20 to 40 years old, causing diarrhea, cramps and bloody stools.
The Popular Front is a self-described Marxist organization that was involved in several airplane hijackings during the 1970's, most notably that of an Air France jetliner flown to the Entebbe airport in Uganda, where Israeli commandos killed the hijackers.
Israel, Jordan and the United States are trying to help King Hussein reassert his traditional influence over the West Bank and to undermine the P.L.O.
His made his remarks in the text of a speech for the commencement of the Ohio State University College of Law in Columbus.
Even a brief solo set that found Mr. Frame alone with his guitar halfway through the show proceeded crisply and efficiently.
He said the woman's body did not have any bruises, trauma marks or needle marks but had two tattoos, one on each shoulder.
Today he juggles, spins plates, rides a unicycle and whirls a set of ''devil sticks'' with the best of them.
With no cure or vaccine for AIDS, the only way to prevent spread of the virus is to persuade people to change behavior.
An Islamic art exhibition to June 8 includes gold, silver and ceramics from the years 800 to 1700.
With the barely covert racism of the movie, Mr. Stallone would undo what few lessons we have learned from Vietnam.
Last summer my allergies went haywire, causing me to average three hours of sleep a night.
In the end, most retired Japanese do not really retire.
A three-judge panel of the appeals court upheld, by 2 to 1, a Federal District Court decision that Mr. Pinter must reimburse Mr. Dahl and his relatives and associates for their losses, and that Mr. Dahl, who was not sued by the others, was not liable to share in Mr. Pinter's liability to them.
There were many such deliberate tears in ''Rate of Exchange,'' ''Partners in Time'' and ''Backward Glance,'' which Risa Jaroslow and Dancers presented at the Classic Stage Company.
The New York branch was started in 1863.
(Farrar, Straus & Giroux, $17.95.)
But Ditka's implication was clear: McMahon was suffering the effects of trying to imitate Spuds McKenzie, another well-known party animal.
Mr. Gramley predicted that by as early as midsummer hog producers would bring more stock to market, pushing down prices.
''You could see all last year a progressive slowdown in consumer borrowing and that trend will be much more dramatic this year,'' she said.
Under some conditions the down payment may be even smaller than 10 percent, ''although we like to see some cash in the deal,'' said Charles Freeman, S.B.A.
The central organizations are still always favored.''
My closet has a dozen personas lurking inside: shoulder pads, little prints, pleated pants, pleated skirts, fuschia, black, navy blue.
It costs $150 when bundled with a paint program; $175 with a computer-aided design program, and $200 with Microsoft Windows and the paint program.
That can't be, so he tells himself reflection And conjures the creature from an old story That snatches plane and pilot If they fly too close to water.
That's why it didn't exactly surprise me to learn that Larry Davis, the accused murderer who eluded a New York police dragnet for 17 days last fall, was cheered by some residents of the Bronx housing project where he finally was captured.
In an elaborate ruse in World War II he was parachuted behind German lines and then identified by a radio message to the Nazi Security Service.
Among Republican primary voters, 67 percent said they believed Mr. Bush was telling the truth.
The assistant district attorney (Deborah Grover) is good-looking, too.
Though Mr. Horovitz apparently was not employed in a fish processing plant, he created his play in and for Gloucester, where he is artistic director of the Gloucester Stage Company.
Nonrefundable for 10 years, the debentures yield about 1.83 percentage points more than Treasury securities with a similar maturity and are rated Baa-1 by Moody's and BBB by S.&P.
39 had closed for lack of students.
At the same time, Ms. Ozick has written a very Schulzian book, in substance as well as in spirit.
3 In the Iran-Contra investigation, seven House Democrats on the Con-gressional committees will attach a statement to the panels' report disagreeing with its conclusion that theWhite House was fully cooperative with the inquiry.
''We're doing this because the district judges in New Jersey are shorthanded and are so overwhelmed with a large number of complex criminal cases.''
But, in another indication of the flux in the 1988 Presidential campaign, Mr.
Matzoh ball had medicinal taste.
We should have taken it all!
Last year Caterpillar announced a $92 million investment program to modernize the Glasgow plant, which produces tractors and other machine components.
A number of states are considering legislation to bar or restrict surrogate contracts.
Unleaded gasoline was 0.05 cent lower to 0.10 cent higher, with the July contract at 54.32 cents a gallon.
Houghton (R) Y Pennsylvania 1.
Woodward said he was told by Steinbrenner to call Piniella the next day and find out why the manager was not available for the call.
The old, 2,600-seat Academy of Music, built in 1926 on East 14th Street as a showpiece of the Fox movie chain, is now the Palladium nightclub.
The manual stresses, ''There is no method of recovery if you forget the key used.''
But now Glenn Bernbaum, owner of the clubby restaurant, no longer jokes about seating Mr. von Bulow and Imelda Marcos at the same table.
One question on the 33-page questionnaire asked, ''Do you have a belief as to whether there is such a thing as the Mafia or Cosa Nostra?''
Phillips's stronger balance sheet and improved earnings outlook help explain analysts' change of heart about the company.
Straw began ''maybe five months after we were married'' in 1981, Mrs.
''The Jets worked hard in training camp, and I saw that the team was coming together.
Mr. Tilem hopes to build a museum in which the island's heritage can be preserved in a controlled atmosphere, but for now the artifacts are on walkways and porches and elsewhere in his showrooms.
for his cavernous, velvety voice and musicianly phrasing.
The First City Bancorporation of Texas, whose shares plummeted $9.50, to $3.375, showed the largest percentage loss, 73.8 percent.
Sherman, Conn. $270,000 Hardscrabble Road 3-bedroom, 1-bath, 150-year-old restored Cape Cod; fireplace, barn, 7 acres; taxes $1,253.
Shareholders of International Paper rejected a resolution calling for a vote on the company's anti-takeover measures.
He won a Silver Star for his heroism.
One criticism is that taxpayers who fail to fill out the form correctly, and thus end up with too little tax withheld, are subject to stiff penalties.
Nor were there details in a pledge that the Government would urge companies to restrain exports to the United States and find markets elsewhere.
His recommendations are being reviewed by a judge, who will decide whether to order a trial.
Did you ask him whether he had known of it earlier?
But ready or not, here it is.
Air cleaners that draw cigarette smoke through a charcoal filter were more effective in trapping some of the gases.
Mr. Ahearn said that John R. Petty, Marine Midland's chairman, was unavailable for comment.
''We're looking at it to insure that somebody didn't violate airspace we control,'' said Paul Steucke, a spokesman for the aviation agency.
Under the second solution, the wood will begin to lighten visibly.
The Cessna was on the right of the Lear Jet heading toward it from the south or southwest at approximately a right angle.
And in a scene from the epic ''Mahabharata,'' Lakshmi portrayed the vile Kauravas, the hapless Pandavas, the Pandavas' wife, Drapaudi, and Lord Krishna, slipping from one character to another with complete clarity as she enacted the familiar story of how the Pandavas gambled away their wife in a game of dice.
Never, in any of Mr. Awad's activities, has so much as one stone been thrown.
There is also to be a Western site.
Hector Escudero Aponte, who had worked at the San Juan hotel for 10 years, was charged with arson and with separate counts of murder for each of the 96 people who died in the New Year's Eve blaze.
In both the East and West, the teapot has served as a focus for esthetic exploration.
He has lost his job, his wife has left him, and he has three young children to look after.
''The words they would use.''
In 1978, Willie Nelson revived ''Star Dust'' as a country-swing ballad, making it the title of a three-million selling album.
Dealing with the twin troubles of the stock market and currency exchanges is likely to become a top priority for Noboru Takeshita, a former Finance Minister who is to be formally elected Prime Minister by Parliament on Friday.
Mr. Bruna said lawyers for the threatened theater people had gone to court and obtained an order for protection.
Asked why he refused to conduct direct talks with the contra leader Adolfo Calero, President Ortega said, ''We have nothing to talk about with Mr. Calero, because the owner of the circus is Mr. Reagan.
The equipment maker wants to liquidate all but one subsidiary, reduce benefits and postpone debt repayment.
He has been reincarnated in operas by Verdi, Nicolai and Vaughan Williams.
Officials of SFB asked him to facilitate the Ginn leveraged buyout by purchasing the Harbour Town marina and leasing it back to Ginn Holdings.
And what it states is that they are prepared to provide training and equipment?
The calls defending them, saying they love them still, have really dwindled.''
''Two of Rod's friends were there,'' said Mr. Miller's attorney, Mauro Montoya.
Sometimes things sound too right.
More than three-quarters of Americans approve of the United States military attack that resulted in the seizure of an Iranian ship that was laying mines in the Persian Gulf, according to a New York Times/CBS News Poll.
It could have been the parson or a timid suitor on his way to the parlor.
2-seeded Zina Garrison, 6-4, 6-1, in a second-round match in the United Jersey Bank Classic in Mahwah, N.J., yesterday.
One of those who learned of the tragedy was Robert Sam Anson, a freelance magazine writer and the author of ''McGovern: A Biography'' and other books, whose son also attended Exeter and knew the Harlem youth.
Foliage or paisley figures on brocade; small, all-over Spitalfields designs, named for the English district where they are made; rough-textured boucles, and crunchy grenadines: these and other textured wovens have reclaimed their old stature, and then some.
* An international investment trust, to channel capital from rich surplus countries to the developing countries.
''That's when the real work begins,'' Mrs. Schur said.
But I am aware that this quietude will last only until I arrive at the next stop on my travels, where, once again, I will be the focus of all eyes.
Mr. Ershad established a civilian government and ended martial law in November last year.
Nevertheless, for the most part, ''Assimil'' taught thoughtfully conceived and thought-provoking lessons in the languages of words and deeds.
''He was very proud that that Delta Psi was one of the first to admit Jews and blacks as members.''
Other political prisoners have been freed.
Nor did he ever win a watch by boxing.
The proceedings, held in courtroom No.
A general strike by Indians - who own the huge majority of shops, offices and buses - could cripple the economy.
Scientists from the Turin Institute of Cosmological Geophysics and the Soviet Academy of Sciences said that on Feb. 23, about eight hours before the supernova became visible, the Mont Blanc detector recorded flashes of light representing a pulse of five neutrinos during a seven-second period.
In the medical imaging area, G.E.
* * * The Indepenent Counsel at various points denied the board access to some materials in which he had established an interest.
Yet while some technocrats are working on antinoise, others are looking for the formulas that underlie musical genres.
''If they get up at 6 A.M. they'll see their new president taking her daily walk and, well, she looks just like they do.
Happily, she is washed ashore on an island, where she is taken in by a man named Robinson Crusoe and his devoted manservant, Friday.
Sergeant Lonetree and Corporal Bracy are being held in military custody in Quantico, Va.
And you won't get very far by asking Barbara Volcker, the chairman's wife of 32 years.
Worlds of Wonder will give Hasbro an estimated 5 to 7 percent of the retail sales price for the right to use G.I.
The report, prepared by Bruce Ratner, a developer and partner in Metrotech, a large office complex planned in downtown Brooklyn, said the pace of relocations could accelerate.
Earlier yesterday, the union staged a three-hour walkout at milk plants throughout the area to protest a decision by the milk dealers group, the New York Milk Dealers Labor Committee, to adjourn the contract talks overnight.
A. I think I went back to the Secretary and said, I have a suggestion.
Most stocks lost some ground and selling of smaller issues continued.
Frost's apartment, where he found the door ajar and the body slumped in the hall.
The water polo team defeated Cuba to earn its third straight Pan American Games gold medal, and the men's volleyball team defeated Cuba to win its first gold medal since 1967.
''You don't want to operate on the assumption that every time you come back to the table, somehow we must be the ones who are going to be making the moves in order to resolve the differences,'' Mr. Kampelman told reporters before he left for Geneva.
City Property Auctions Question: I am interested in buying distressed properties.
During the last week I was in Poland as a correspondent, three people tried separately to entrap me - a doctor, a writer, an architect.
If this is a rewrite of history, which of the ladies huddled on the ground will be Moses' vehicle?
The total cost was $8 million and the buyers were Arthur and George Bernacchia, brothers, and Raymond Murphy.
After World War II, he would hone his skills in a staggering variety of jobs, from filling in the backgrounds in Mutt and Jeff comic strips to doing window displays for the toy store F. A. O. Schwarz.
She was a member of the Junior Assembly in 1982.
Thus in a recent review of a fine singer whose upper register has faded we are told: ''She turned this to her advantage, using it as a metaphor for the uneasy yearnings of the Mahler songs.''
Nearly three-quarters of a million youngsters will demand an ever increasing share of society's resources for welfare, criminal justice, mental health, remedial education and job training programs.
''I'm enormously unskillful at it,'' he said.
He was released on $75,000 bail.
Overall, it had seemed to attend its subject from a vantage almost Eastern or Oriental in the compassionate, but resigned, distance of its view of human enterprises.
A decade ago, Susman earned a giant-killer's reputation, and a $7 million fee, as the lead attorney in a price-fixing class action that returned $350 million to the purchasers of corrugated containers.
Rangers 5, Orioles 2 ARLINGTON, Tex.
officials had said that it would take the railway 12 to 24 hours to resume operations.
This was perhaps the most optimistic moment in the history of child-raising advice: when parents were told that babies were, at heart, good people, and that so, in all likelihood, were they.
Kate Smith's rendition of ''God Bless America'' blared from loudspeakers at the dock where Stars & Stripes was tied up.
Welcome because copies of this bellwether volume, first published in 1965, have become increasingly difficult to find, and timely because there has been an astonishing surge of interest in collecting these hunting artifacts, which were once prized only for their utilitarian function.
At 6 each morning they woke for exercise.
Arkansas, which lost the distance medley Friday by a foot, lost the 3,200-meter relay by 2 feet.
A helpful clerk said, ''So you're one of Erroll's fans?
About 23,000 Syrian soldiers are deployed in eastern and northern Lebanon and 7,000 Syrians took up security duties in West Beirut in February.
One world-class dish, if one can be so effusive about a fish, is the roasted black sea bass wrapped in diaphanous sheets of sliced potatoes, all golden crackling, set in a concentrated Barolo wine sauce brightened with shallots and fresh thyme.
Neo-Geo's Newest Neo-Geo just keeps coming.
That site also has been used by carters serving six towns in northern Westchester that are not part of the 36-community county garbage district.
She was 76 years old and lived in Newark.
Ackerman (D) Y A 8.
As the line of monks enters the gates, villagers watch, bowing occasionally.
Pentagon officials stopped short of saying that Toshiba had been disqualified because its subsidiary, Toshiba Machine, helped provide submarine technology to the Soviet Union.
Others complain of barriers to Tokyo's financial markets that are not present in New York.
Most of the other states that have new quarantine laws - Alabama, Florida, Illinois, Indiana, Minnesota, North Carolina, Oregon, and Texas - do not provide such elaborate procedures, according to the Intergovernmental Health Policy Project.
Mr. Shwartz said: ''But in the end, this criminal investigation is not different from any other criminal investigation.
Other dance events: Stephanie Skura, Daniel West, Mark Dendy and David Parsons (July 12); Joffrey Ballet (July 24-26); Limon Dance Company (Aug. 1).
''It wasn't just something you listened to on the radio, it meant something.
Pakistan is politically stable and economically sound.
The players would also have to temporarily cut their ties to personal coaches, managers, trainers and agents.
Not all AIDS victims qualify for the drug.
'They Need to Be Careful' A scientist with a leading environmental group in San Francisco said the incidents illustrated the sensitivities of California's farm industry and the vulnerability of the first residue-testing programs.
Today the Labor Department will release employment data for August.
Government did not give it to us.
'NEGATIVE APPROACH,' BYRD SAYS WASHINGTON, Sept. 21 (Special to The New York Times) - Robert C. Byrd, the Senate majority leader, harshly criticized President Reagan's comments about Central America before the United Nations today, saying he had taken a ''negative approach'' toward the regional peace plan adopted last month.
But British, Italian, West German, Norwegian, South American and Asian concerns have bought blocks ranging from 2,200 to 216,000 square feet.
Rick Rhoden, the Yankees' projected No.
He graduated from the University of Pittsburgh and attended the Institut d'Etudes Politiques of the University of Paris.
Is the President making good on his promise to nominate someone the Senate will dislike ''just as much'' as Judge Bork?
STERN: Hah - you mean I would just get her -- WHITEHEAD: You can't live with that?
That's what made the Reagan Administration's switch to the opposing side particularly odious.
Preferred Stock * Freeport-McMoran Inc. filed 10 million convertible exchangeable preferred shares via Kidder, Peabody.
''A Very Special Christmas'' was the brainchild of Jimmy Iovine, whose credits include producing Mr. Springsteen, U2, the Pretenders and Tom Petty, among many others.
Both publish periodic newsletters with information on coming events and updates of artists' accomplishments.
Senator Edward Kennedy, for example, kicked off the anti-Bork campaign with his now-infamous public statement, ''Robert Bork's America is a land in which .
'It's Always Been Dangerous' ''It's always been dangerous, but that's part of life in a factory,'' said William Adams, who is 66 years old and worked in the plant for 36 years before retiring.
The fee is estimated at $4 an hour, and the proposed center would be open 12 hours a day.
The buildings were erected by John B. Coles, an early Jersey City developer.
''Then I recognized Gorbachev's little bald head.''
Among his first projects was a cycle of works by Olivier Messiaen.
The buildings will be all of masonry and brick and the specific choices of the type and color of the masonry will be important as a means of tying this project visually and conceptually to the rest of downtown Boston.
The police have also been reported to have provided the death squads with weapons and to have helped them track down criminals.
After taking holy communion - the consecrated bread and wine that, according to Catholic doctrine, is turned into the body and blood of Jesus - one man knelt and wept at a marble statue of the Virgin Mary.
Many players who have returned used words such as ''integrity.''
The sixth officer, Henry Hassler, was a sergeant when the incident occurred and was promoted to lieutenant after the trial.
Then walk about Lantau, or if you are feeling very energetic, try the hike up Sunset Peak.
It would have caused more Christians to help Jews, and Jewish survival often depended on the local population.''
Her father is the chairman and chief executive officer of the Raytheon Company in Lexington, Mass.
''The Government moved us, and now the contras have taken Omar.
Instead of dwelling on medicine, where he has some informative things to tell us - Dr. Harris went to Ethiopia to administer medical aid as a representative of the Red Cross in 1984-85 - he strays too often into the arena of politics, where his observations are less keen, his writing less eloquent.
These people, known as on-time payers or as nonrevolvers, account for only about 12 per cent of the outstanding debt.
Now Kao San Road has 35 guesthouses - very popular with young travelers.''
The men said they were involved in a vending machine business, but a quick check of their identification showed they were employees of the Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority.
Bernard M. Fauber, a proven marketer, became chief executive of the K Mart Corporation in 1979 when Robert E. Dewar, his predecessor, voluntarily stepped down at age 57 after enduring a period of flat sales and declining profits.
Merrill Lynch is reportedly close to hiring Eugene H. Rotberg, World Bank treasurer, to a senior post overseeing operations, procedures and controls of the firm's trading activities.
From the time he was elected to the Senate in 1974 until the apparent end of his career last week, he sought out those who could replenish liberalism's intellectual treasury.
The White House said all that remained was for President Reagan to approve a date for beginning the convoy operations.
''But,'' he said, ''the Lakers are a much better team than the Pistons.''
''There was strong discomfort among those staffers, as they recalled it, that their boss seemed to be expecting his staff and Woodward to protect the details of Hart's living arrangments,'' the article said.
Brewster was introduced to a national audience as the home of ''That Girl,'' Ann Marie, one of the first female ''yuppies'' of the television age, portrayed by Marlo Thomas.
Yet, this is simply untrue.
As a result, actively competitive athletes are not used to endorse smokeless tobacco.
She pointed to everyday experiences - of ''the cradle, the rocking chair, the crooning mother holding her baby'' - as instances from early childhood of binding rhythms no different in kind from ''that later rhythm called speech.''
When you have to go to places like Baton Rouge, Knoxville, Athens and Gainesville, someone would have gotten them.''
Of the 46 water suppliers in Nassau, 14 already are exceeding safe levels of water withdrawal.
Inevitably, Mrs. Dole is asked on the road what type of First Lady she would be in a White House run by Bob Dole.
Greenwich officials do not share that view, perhaps because, for unknown reasons, the town has tended to attract an inordinate number of the the birds.
A group calling itself the Revolutionary Justice Organization, which is also believed to be made up of pro-Iran Shiite Moslem extremists, has taken responsibility for the kidnapping of the French hostage, Jean-Louis Normandin, who has been held since March 1986.
''It's sad to see Republicans stoop this low.''
The measure is part of a supplemental appropriations bill that is awaiting President Reagan's signature.
I would have killed someone.''
Rice is often flavored with saffron.
But against a defender of lesser experience, a trap can be tried in the reasonable hope that he will tumble into it.
We trust that the Planning Department will alter its proposals to secure the vital goal of affordable housing while maintaining essential urban values.
Most of the crowd was in the late teen-age years and early 20's.
Employees cut the boat in half, added the seven inches, then put the boat back together, a change Mr. Derecktor said actually improved the boat's speed.
Irregularly scheduled evening cruises with music are generally $12 to $15.
Coram $136,000 4 Row Street 4-bedroom, 2 1/2-bath, 14-year-old center- hall colonial; family room, partial basement, 1-car garage; taxes $2,700.
No, the only way real change is going to come to South Africa is by pressure, from within and without.
#40 Percent Sales Rise Since teaming up with Mr. Trovato, the private company has branched into floor coverings, sales to builders and other areas, and sales have risen 40 percent, Mr. Trovato said.
About 20 million Soviet citizens died in the war, and its heroes and lessons are recalled almost daily in the press.
A diplomat compared the group to the Black Hundreds, gangs that beat and sometimes killed Jews in the tumultuous months after the unsuccessful 1905 Revolution.
''That works out being educational for everybody.''
Eight warships in the Middle East task force could fire on Iranian coastal targets.
The good gestures are thrown to the winds by the architects' next trick, the decision to turn the north facade into a ski slope.
Dr. Bednorz was born in Germany and received his undergraduate degree from the University of Muenster.
The overall anti-missile program, Dr. Barletta added, ''has the flavor of having a new twist in priorities every few years.''
Not Mvelase as well, intimations of prayer filtered through my mind.
The understanding, whose final details are to be completed next month, forestalls a move by the New Jersey Attorney General that had been scheduled for today.
When Mr. Chapman and his wife, Marie, arrived in Bangor in April 1986, they found a church with 125 members, a school with 90 students and many overdue bills.
And that is how the concept of doing a humorous dictionary developed.
The Holly Sugar Corporation said that it had agreed to be acquired for $78 million in cash and stock by the Imperial Sugar Company of Sugar Land, Tex., and that it had terminated a previous buyout agreement with the New York investor group Plum Associates.
HARRY J. BYRNE Manhattan The writer is pastor of the Epiphany Parish at 239 East 21st Street
Next door to ICF, the modern vs. post-modern style wars that have troubled and delighted the design profession over the last decade seem to have reached a negotiated settlement.
That expedient did allow the famous voice of Joan Sutherland, his wife and the evening's Leonora, to be clearly heard.
Even in a small company, the mailing of invoices tends to become bunched up toward one end or the other of a month, which is not a very efficient state of affairs from the standpoint of either production or cash flow.
And once brokers had been reached, the investors said, it was exceedingly difficult to execute trades at prices that had been requested.
To reveal Richard's pique, Mr. MacNicol raises his light, twangy voice a nasal octave.
''The industry is imploding in on itself,'' said William Dickinson, general manager of the Washington Post Writers Group, who estimates that newspapers are buying 25 percent less syndicated material than they did five years ago.
The bureau said it was tipped to the thefts by the Beacon Hill store Goodspeed's, which had earlier paid $20,000 to Mr. Mount for a group of 23 documents.
Until the mid-1970's, the Japanese prohibited Americans from setting up wholly owned subsidiaries in Japan.
Today, the contras are still dug into the same hillsides, which the relentless rains have converted into a slough of mud.
We spent three hours on Farr's holdings, which are about 75 miles north of Syracuse.
I said in the statement that I think that this decision is the best thing for my state; I work very hard, I'll continue to work very hard as a Governor.
Kuroiwa, however, won the last race of the season in Inzell, West Germany, posting a track record of 37.13 seconds to edge Thometz, who finished in 37.18.
Recently, acknowledging that this policy presents obstacles to intelligence-gathering efforts, the authorities deployed a 1,000-member special police commando unit trained not only in counterinsurgency, but also in the language.
''It was something I dreamed about, and I wanted to do it,'' he said.
''It's justifiable because the information to be gained is so very important,'' she said, and the anonymous method eliminates any chance of personal harm.
That stately building, designed in 1575 by the architect Giacomo della Porta, has a severe courtyard with arcades under which thousands of scholars have promenaded and conversed.
Lack of Support Discerned The trouble the negotiators are having reaching an agreement on the final spending reductions reflect the fact that, despite the stock market plunge and years of record deficits, they do not feel strong support or pressure from their constituents to either raise taxes or cut popular domestic programs.
The demand for a starting salary is $240.
He wants what Austin has, and he thinks he can take it as he takes everything else, by force of cunning.
And since that time, in 1972, the amount of offense, instead, has increased by about four times.
So all right, Mr. Rose and Miss Epstein are not great choreographers.
When the pool of killers is large and the number convicted and sentenced to death small, chance plays a greater role in governing who dies than the nature of the crime or the background of the offender.
Now, employees who withdraw money before retirement will incur a tax penalty.
''But once there is some semblance of stability, we could see a rush back into the dollar'' and some greater overseas demand for Treasury issues, he said.
The Israeli Government could also challenge Trade Minister Ariel Sharon's flagrantly provocative move into an apartment in Arab East Jerusalem.
''There's Treasure Street, and Abundance and Benefit,'' goes his litany, ''Humanity, Industry, and Pleasure Streets - all these in the midst of hopelessness and squalor and stone meanness.
In the areas where amnesty program has succeeded, the I.N.S.
''From our standpoint, the program was working well.''
Look at the guts, the principles she's fighting for.''
''This is a very comfortable position, versus when I took office in 1980,'' Mr. O'Neill said.
And I became a kind of human instant-replay machine, reliving one by one the traumatic effects of the breakup, just as I had imagined them back in my laundry-room office.
Another country from the Southern Hemisphere, Australia, came to the rescue by allowing the party to be held at its embassy.
''If you eat 'healthy' food, the phytoalexins are not there or are at very low levels.''
He criticized absentee balloting as an inadequate solution because many people would forget to file them, and he urged that the primary date be changed to eliminate the conflict.
Perhaps, like a futures commodity, my name value and consequently my mail count next time will drop, particularly from those who got nothing from me this past year.
''I don't know too many actors today who don't want to be able to walk down the street without being recognized.''
Newmont Mining's stock closed today on the New York Stock Exchange at $90.25 a share, up $1.875.
Christie's specialist in classic cars, Robert Brooks, said this week that he expected the Bugatti would bring from $7 million to $8 million, an auction record for an automobile.
Doug Moe of the Denver Nuggets, a renegade among his peers, is the senior member in terms of continuous service; he is in his eighth season at Denver.
studies have found that people who wait until the last minute tend to make more errors.
With Chao Meng-fu (1254-1322), there is a change.
Another bright spot is academic; at a conference beginning this weekend in New York, about 50 scholars will deliver papers on Yiddish language and literature.
New York City resumed sending homeless people to New Jersey last September because of an insufficient number of beds in shelters and hotels.
A few of the Flyers said the final game was no time to be respectful.
Michael Krepon, senior associate at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, said the new plan would be criticized by conservatives as too soft if a new treaty is completed as expected and comes before the Senate.
Two decades ago, nearly a fifth of the nation's ocean-borne general cargo was shipped through the Port of New York.
[ According to Reuters, the Zairian press agency said that two previous accidents had taken place at the same crossing but that no safety measures had been taken.
The suggestion was made to an officer of the Government, which was not a party to the litigation, but later entered the case as a friend of the court.
''It's Mr. Grigorovich's own private theater,'' Miss Plisetskaya, known for her outspokenness, said of Yuri Grigorovich, director of the Bolshoi.
But there was no shortage of ideas yesterday at the Patents Library, although the people with the ideas weren't saying exactly what those ideas were.
Senator Patrick J. Leahy, a Vermont Democrat, called this record ''shameful,'' and he warned that the courts might become ''an enclave of white male exclusivity.''
He became an assistant district attorney in Nassau County in the 1950's before entering private practice in Mineola, L.I.
Ethnic Sinhalese extremists were blamed for the attack.
(editorial, Jan. 5) does not explore -no editorial or article really does -what it means for people unable to book ahead that unrestricted low air fares have died with People Express, as they did with Laker.
Mr. Ortega normally refers to the contras as criminal mercenaries.
Oh, Oh, Ideology Still, not all aspects of Mr. Gorbachev's campaign have won rave reviews.
Differences Over Insurgents But perhaps the most contentious issue between the Garcia Government and the armed forces remains how the seven-year-old war against leftist insurgents, led by the Maoist Shining Path movement, should be conducted.
If the Giants win, and they are favored by about a touchdown, they will eliminate the Packers (5-7-1) from any chance for a playoff berth.
The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Science's 4,356 voting members tend to be middle-aged or older since they earn admittance through achievement and retain their memberships for life.
Then, in this week's issue of Newsweek, reports emerged of a videotape of a campaign appearance earlier this year in New Hampshire in which Mr. Biden misstated several facts about his academic career.
Humor is always the best way to pinpoint the mood of the city toward politicians and parties.
Less than three months after a partial wage and price freeze was imposed, inflation is once again accelerating, fed in part by the Government's failure to control its huge public-sector deficit.
The United States is awash in advanced technology, they say, but much of it is being applied at cross purposes, resulting in products from suppliers that can be linked only with expensive engineering and training.
Judge Mathews said he believed a plea agreement had been arranged and would be brought before him next week.
To one side of each vat is a slicing machine and to the other a spin dryer.
As a result, the Democrats are talking about voting not for outright disapproval but for a moratorium on the $40 million until the Administration accounts for the aid that the contras have already received.
In The Deed The Glory.
In Thomas Mann's ''Buddenbrooks,'' Tony's two disastrous marriages bring anguish and embarrassment to her family, but she is welcomed back to the fold and blames her misfortune on her own poor judgment in choosing men who do not meet the superior standards of the Buddenbrooks.
Five crew members died in the crash, which occurred in a routine training flight.
The Judiciary Committee chairman began the hearings as a contender for the Democratic Presidential nomination - not the leader, but a strong rival who was raising money and drawing crowds.
Some Western journalists have returned to West Beirut.
Imposed by Health Commissioner In admitting its responsibility for seven ''deficiencies'' cited by the State Health Department, Mount Sinai effectively ended the state's case against the hospital for a successful heart transplant it performed last Aug. 27 on an indigent 26-year-old.
During the campaign, he has sounded some of the old anti-Communist themes, but largely to consolidate support on the far right.
Lists of rules are posted and include habits that alcoholic women may have abandoned.
''I've always been called Blaine,'' she said.
The first day for circulating nominating petitions by the Presidential hopefuls and the delegate candidates is Jan. 25.
White House strategists believe that attacking the Democrats on spending remains their best tactic, particularly in prosperous Sun Belt states.
The Islanders had taken a 4-1 lead on goals by Pat LaFontaine, Greg Gilbert, Denis Potvin and Brad Dalgarno, but with slightly more than 15 minutes left, the margin had been reduced to a goal.
How do you play it that close?
have charged that after his illegal dealings were detected, Mr. Boesky made much more money on inside information of a different type.
''As I see it, if our lives are to be based on a belief in righteousness, what is immediately ruled out is any question of any one person or group deciding for others.''
Mr. Miranda, a major, was the aide to Defense Minister Humberto Ortega Saavedra, the President's brother.
Martha Clarke's ''Hunger Artist'' will begin previews next Thursday at St. Clement's Church, 423 West 46th Street.
There are strategies to be learned.
The New York City Health Department has announced that many of the waters bordering the five boroughs are unsafe for swimming.
The reactor has been closed since the beginning of the year for safety improvements.
After a brief standoff, the driver of the Jag jumps out and heads for the Mercedes.
And Congress and the White House are supposed to agree on the savings needed to reduce the Federal budget deficit in the coming year.
The regrets expressed by liberals today were so strong not because Justice Powell always sided with them but because they fear his successor will always side against them.
And, to use those words if you prefer, you had been dismissed by a President whom you had served with dedication for some five years.
James Gleason peps things up a bit as Dooley, the team scout, but the evening's outstanding player is Mr. Bazzell, who brings grace and force to his role.
Perhaps it is time to revisit the law.
April 6: U.S. Supreme Court rules against Texaco in bond case and invalidates New York Federal appeals court decision lowering Texaco bond to $1 billion.
Threatened or unthreatened by the disease, we find ourselves displayed with embarrassing clarity in the searchlight AIDS throws on our attitudes and feelings.
Several dozen children were christened Ferdinand and Imelda at a small but emotional rally the other day to mark the 70th birthday of former President Ferdinand E. Marcos.
But three innings later, the Mets sent 10 batters to the plate against Ed Whitson, four got hits, two walked and six scored, and the Padres contributed two errors.
Champion, based in Oak Brook, Ill., has been the object of a hostile takeover bid by an investor group led by the Cormier Corporation, a hosiery maker in Laconia, N.H.
''The net result would be the preservation of at least 20 times more land than would be preserved by fee-simple acquisitions.''
Increasingly, unflattering phrases are the norm among politicians and commentators discussing the Administration's posture - ''lame duck,'' ''out of gas,'' ''totally rudderless,'' ''lost its way.''
?, but the challenger refused.
The founding of the African National Congress in 1912, however, is mostly told through old photographs and recollections.
''You can't have this issue resolved without some role for the P.D.P.A.''
And Ducksworth is currently the backup strong safety behind Lester Lyles.
It will continue at the Hays Theater at Molloy College in Rockville Centre through next Sunday.
The tax-free deal was seen as a premium for Uccel shareholders, whose stock jumped $11.625, to $43.625.
Japan's current account surplus hit record levels of $9.4 billion in December and $86 billion for all of 1986, the Finance Ministry said today.
''In the old days, we had many workers,'' he said.
Charles Redman, a spokesman for Mr. Shultz, said that on the witness stand ''the Secretary was asked for his honest views,'' adding: ''He gave them.
Charged with regulating that intangible public property known as the airwaves, the Government has historically imposed on broadcasters restrictions that never would be tolerated by the press.
On a basketball court at Fort Knox, Ky., in the summer of 1985, a group of enlisted men gathered for a pickup game.
So I'm not sure I ever really made a transfer.
Lewis Carroll...Tom Hulce Alice...Noemi Nadelmann Young Alice...Jamie Mills
Ernest Pagnano, a popular New York dance teacher and former member of the Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater and Harkness Ballet, died of congestive heart failure Saturday at his family's home in Harwich, Mass.
That's not enough, as one wit put it, to cover the debts of the thrift institutions along the highway from the airport to downtown Dallas.
Under the revised law, First Chicago could have bought as much as 50 percent of Wood Gundy.
And those confessions had led the S.E.C.
Afterward, Mayor Koch called the meeting a ''very exciting evening because people spoke their minds.''
Beyond the normal retesting schedule, no soldier receiving a transfer to a post outside the United States may go unless he or she has had an AIDS test within the past six months, the policy states.
''The networks are saying the people meter data is unstable,'' he said.
So when questions about the effect of industry money on his campaigns arose recently, Mr.
only appeared under ''you,'' you can now look it up under ''nut'' as well.
I've only arrived at the semifinals.''
John Mutz, a Republican and the chief architect of the incentive package.
He said that was not the case with Mr. Golden but demurred when asked to provide some examples.
But both sides in the dispute said resumption of service did not mean a resolution of differences.
Go east on Route 35 to the intersection with Route 121.
'He Had Two Personalities' According to family members, Mr. Silva continued to feel persecuted by his image as Pixote, and wanted to play romantic rather than criminal roles.
Typically, the chairman of the company and his top aides sit around a table while Roche sets forth the qualifications of his prospects: ''I'm saying, 'How does this fit, how does that fit, how do you feel?'
RAOUL BOTT, Higgins professor of mathematics, Harvard University, for ''his profound studies in the topology of Lie groups and differential geometry over many decades, in particular his periodicity theorem.''
The guerrilla radio station of the Sudan People's Liberation Army said that the plane, identified as a Hercules C-130 carrying two platoons of soldiers, was shot down as it came in to land at the southern town of Wau.
Between the sticks and the knee pads, things were a little hard to come by.
KEROUAC: A Biography, by Ann Charters.
Beyond scheduling problems, pressure for a meeting appears to have abated because selling pressure on the dollar may have stopped.
Though still a force, prejudice against native talent has decreased measurably in the three decades since Mr. Bernstein broke the mold by becoming music director of the Philharmonic.
Before opening the school in June 1986, Mr. Chalie spent two months researching 300 Thai recipes.
Jack Doyle of Quincy, an officer for 27 years, disagreed.
About $70,000 in renovations later, Mrs. Cotler describe her home as an ''incredible space with 20 windows.''
They were pulled out and punched and kicked.
The creative process grows out of Surrealism and Abstract Expressionism, but those movements believed that origins existed and could be found.
(''He just knows what to order,'' Mrs. Perlman remarked.)
service was better than expected yesterday.
There were muscadets, Vouvrays, sparkling wines and plenty of roses d'Anjou, mostly 85's.
''I can't believe he did it for money,'' one of his relatives said today.
The dollar strengthened partly on President Reagan's announcement that the United States was reducing trade sanctions against Japan by $51 million.
''This is going to hurt the mid-size players, like Colombia, that have been acting responsibly,'' one foreign banker here said.
The focus is not so much about the audience.
Maurice Douglass intercepted a Randy Wright pass late in the third quarter and the Bears then mounted a 54-yard drive capped by Thomas's 7-yard run up the middle.
But then they've never heard of a $5 lift ticket.
Current Supervisor is John J. O'Neil, Republican.
Not for Efficiency Some senators acknowledge, some sheepishly, that an authorization bill is not the most efficient way to conduct foreign policy.
On Thursday, President Reagan, who has declared his intention of slashing capital assistance to mass transit agencies by 15 percent and doing away with operating funds altogether, came within one vote of derailing the bill.
Norwalk, Conn. $235,000 4 Morningside Place 4-bedroom, 2-bath, 26-year-old Cape Cod; near water, hardwood floors, windowed porch; taxes $1,500.
Putting On Ear Tags Mr. Hicks said he knew that because he had spent nights there in the field, trapping them, putting on ear tags and letting them go to be caught later on and traced.
is a less familiar military-bureaucratic term that Senator Sam Nunn, Democrat of Georgia, defined in a question to another witness at the hearings.
Winds at 40 Miles an Hour Should the storm stall just to the east of the coast, ''it could snow all Friday and into Saturday,'' Mr. Crowley said.
The contemporary actor most obviously adept at maximizing the minimal is of course Laurence Olivier, who was Mr. Jacobi's employer and mentor when he was an apprentice actor at Britain's National Theater in the 1960's.
Thanks is given before the meal to acknowledge the basic dependence on God for blessings received.
The widespread abuse of drugs at all levels of society, the easy availability of illegal drugs and public tolerance of them has a profound impact on our nation.
But heavy rains from Hurricane Gloria in 1985 flushed about 100,000 gallons of chemically contaminated waste oil out of Butler tunnel into the river, causing the agency to take a new look at the abandoned facility.
A jury today ordered the death penalty for a man who said he hacked three women to death with a hatchet after he tired of hearing them argue.
It was at that moment that a long, flesh-colored strip could be seen attached to the inside of his left hand.
The embassy also works with the office of the Chief of Protocol in the State Department to settle such details as who sits where in which limousine.
(AP) - The defeat dropped the Seahawks to 9-6 and forced them onto the road next week as an A.F.C.
Just before serving, place the greens in one or two large salad bowls.
''I have three more pages,'' said Erica.
For one, brief shining moment, it was turtle time.
According to his new book, Mr. Sosnoff grew up in a Bronx apartment and summered with his family in a ''tar paper shack on the Hudson 32 miles from New York City'' in a community of leftist intellectuals.
At 2:30 on the afternoon of the concert, 3,400 radio stations around the country are to simultaneously play Mr. Chapin's recording of his song ''Remember When the Music,'' which Mr. Springsteen will perform later that evening.
The average response time, which E.M.S has targeted at less than 10 minutes and which had been declining for six years, was 13 minutes 26 seconds in May 1987, officials said, up from 9 minutes, 53 seconds in May 1986.
A short-seller must eventually buy the stocks that have been borrowed and sold, and those purchases can push prices higher.
Of 440 males, 63 tested positive.
Instead, the choristers and instrumentalists will emulate the 16th-century Venetian style of antiphonal performance, singing and playing music of Gabrieli, Schutz and others from various locations around the hall.
Made of painted leather, stretched over a plaster relief, and mounted on velvet, it isolates the figure and brings us even closer to its seductive and yet faintly spooky forms.
The advent of buying groups like the Boat Owners Association of the United States, and the solid presence of catalogue houses such as Defender, Post Marine and E&B are part of a trend toward mass merchandisers eliminating the smaller stores.
The works, which originally cost the fund $1,056,000, according to British Rail, included 17 prints by Rembrandt, among them ''The Three Crosses,'' purchased by a New York dealer, David Tunick, for $399,300.
Investigators in Rome said Mr. Khaled took them to the Villa Glori, a park, to show them the spot where weapons used in the airport attack had been buried.
The church's repudiation of anti-Semitism is of critical importance in the struggle to eradicate this virulent plague from the entire human family.
Nor is the computer essential.
The meeting last night, at a library branch, was organized by the chairman of the local community board, Joel A. Miele.
In the last couple of years, she has invented an assortment of freaks and crazies, which is not that surprising given her view that dissociation and multiple personalities are the norm.
to render some account of where these noble and venerable institutions now stand.''
Neither team came close to scoring in the first quarter.
He had to do it, he says.
But Judge Becker, of the Stein, Davidoff & Malito law firm in New York, asserted that unscripted programs like ''The People's Court'' provide an accurate look at small claims court.
Douglas Cater, a Presbyterian minister, performed the ceremony at the Drake Hotel.
Steve Repholtz paced Hofstra (6-7, 1-0) with 20 points.
Hannelore Baron, an artist known for her collages and box assemblages, died of cancer Tuesday at Columbia-Presbyterian Medical Center.
The number of meals provided has grown since 1985 and is continuing to grow, probably by about 20 percent a year, according to several managers of kitchens and pantries.
We have come to see that different nations behaved differently under Nazi occupation; and we have pondered why some did, as others did not, save innocent people when action was possible.
A crowd of 32,456, the largest of the season, saw Mack Lobell win the first division of the first heat in a Hambletonian record time - until the second heat was staged - by finishing five and three-quarters lengths ahead of Spotlite Lobell.
OUTDOOR MUSIC Summer is a time when New York City's parks reverberate with free concerts.
Drug agents saw the Mafia become less active and saw a vacuum begin to develop in the heroin trade.
Two months after his conviction, they returned him to Parliament with a record majority, much the way Harlem voters in the 1960's kept faith with Adam Clayton Powell and defiantly re-elected him after fellow Congressmen had ordered his ouster from the House of Representatives.
''The Chiles plan is not perfect, but it begins to make the hard choices to balance deficit reduction with economic growth,'' said Senator Christopher J. Dodd, Democrat of Connecticut.
It was a raw day, he hadn't been home in a week, and he wanted nothing more than an afternoon of solitude.
Mr. Thompson was charged with second-degree assault and was being held yesterday at Manhattan Criminal Court pending arraignment.
It said tests of nearly 20,000 foreigners had found 107 of them infected by the virus.
''He was provocative,'' Fred Ebb, the lyricist of ''Cabaret,'' said yesterday from Washington.
In a telephone interview from Austin, where he is a research associate at the University of Texas, Mr. Kalb said the rumor ended his plans to stay in Ethiopia and study the early beginnings of the human species.
Is there something nefarious, secretive or ''back-door'' about raising revenue in this way?
In Bennington the Old Castle Theatre Company (802-447-0564) presents Oscar Wilde's ''The Importance of Being Earnest'' Sept. 8 to 26 at 8 P.M.
Vessel Has Crew of 68 The A.P.
He recently sued Mr. LoGrande for $528,000.
As long as this process continues, the trade deficit will persist despite our best efforts.
more attractive when the British Government, which owns nearly 32 percent of British Petroleum, puts it up for sale this summer.
The Dow had lost 135 points after hitting a record 2,404.54 on April 6.
Enter the precocious Turing for a job interview with the institution's boss, a genial old mandarin called Dillwyn Knox, played at the Neil Simon Theater by Michael Gough.
Years ago, when the difficulties of travel limited the number of appearances a touring artist made and when recordings were not as common, prominent soloists felt less pressure to play diverse repertory and could more easily concentrate on a restricted number of works.
The pictures offer endless occasion for speculation.
9 11 Rolls Silver Spirit & Spur, auto.
Several Klan members paraded through the building during the rally, but there were no clashes.
The poll results show that Americans still have a reserve of affection for the President; half of them see him as more honest than most people in public life - even though only 33 percent said he was telling the truth about Iran.
He appeared so happy that he hadn't even remembered to remove his helmet, now some 20 minutes since the end of his team's 39-20 victory in Super Bowl XXI.
What is curious, however, is Mr. London's interpretations of the responses.
In the early years the animals were known for their versatility, serving as log pullers, carriage horses, cavalry chargers, Pony Express mounts and park horses.
Noble & Associates of Springfield, Mo., has acquired the Don Tennant Company in Chicago and has merged it into its Noble & Associates agency there to form Noble Tennant, a shop with $25 million in billings.
''Monday morning, you are either there or not.''
When a stranger asked to see the drugs, he was led to another man a short distance away who unfolded a palm containing two vials.
Mark reasonably explains that the majority of the students want the religious display and that ''we live in a democracy where the majority rules.''
Mr. Beam was also the author of a system of awarding points to ''Aryan warriors'' for killing blacks, Jews, Federal officials, journalists and informers.
Our task, as leaders, is to keep the peace as time moves us down the path toward mutual forbearance.''
One tenant is a printer.
But now ''I've become an unhappy, unrich man,'' said Mr. Frank, the founder and editor of the Prudent Speculator, a stock market newsletter.
''Last year, when he had a team with all those injuries, he would scream at the opposition.
All it means is that he's a smart and outspoken enough legal scholar to point out some of the very real problems with the Court's legal reasoning.
For members of the family, the suggestion of a sexual relationship between a parent and a child is so devastating, psychiatrists say, that they prefer to deny that the problem exists rather than to confront it and seek help.
To maintain those relationships, banks on the Island are pursuing middle-level executives, the people deeply involved in the day-to-day battle for business.
His mother teaches Latin and Spanish at Central High School in Woodstock.
The National Campaign Against Toxic Hazards, which conducts grass-roots campaigns against polluters, asserted recently that that plan, for cleaning up the Ottati and Goss waste site in Kingston, N.H., would leave relatively high concentrations of polychlorinated biphenyls, a toxic material used in electrical equipment.
''Up to now we haven't demanded anything of the United States,'' he continued.
They can persuade the allies to swallow an agreement that many Western Europeans fear would strip away too much of their nuclear protection and leave them at a military disadvantage.
It was like a wave sweeping over us, the feeling that this game will be won.
Tax practitioners complain that the Senate committee's decision to rely on a collection of ''cats and dogs'' to meet their revenue-raising goal -rather than a few major proposals - will only further complicate a tax code that has been changed almost every year over the last decade.
He spent the early part of the day Tuesday watching television in his cell, prison officials said.
Today, that number is closer to 150 percent.
And they say both the city and the state are expending an extraordinary amount of effort and money for housing.
Maybe it's time that I did answer on that, and where that was said and why.
If that notion did not appeal, Trainer suggested that they put the fight on the open market and get the best bid from competing promoters for it.
Minor wrote the ruling in which Judges Ellsworth A.
This Titan 2 was a training missile and was never fueled, and it was chosen for the museum because that lack enhanced its safety.
She also cannot remember when she took the long, rough boat ride to the United States from Poland, but she remembers why: the Cossacks made regular raids on her community, threatening the Jewish people, stealing their meager belongings and violating the sanctity of their religious practices.
In such a case, clerks or representatives of the brokers meet to negotiate a settlement.
De Laurentiis Entertainment Group Inc., an independent film maker, said today that it had filled the newly created position of director of internal audit, one day after the company was charged with accounting infractions.
Floyd said the grass was so thin and poorly rooted in the past at T.P.C.
I have envied my friends who have had their mothers to help them with new babies, then felt the envy evaporate at the distress and doubt my friends sometimes felt about who was really the mother here.
The bridegroom's father was the best man.
So ABC graphic artists are on strike in Washington, but not in New York.
Mr. Wallach did nothing wrong in his relation with Mr. Meese, nor in our opinion did Attorney General Meese.''
It makes me feel like a person again.''
It will do exactly the opposite - reduce bureaucracy by pressuring it to function as a unified team.
500 has gained 18 percent.
Another witness, Marilyn Hioki, said her family had been ''devastated'' in 1979 when a newspaper article incorrectly portrayed the murder of her 22-year-old son, Kevin Aissa, as a Mafia killing.
A1 A Gracie Mansion burglar was arrested with some of its silverware.
I agree that the Soviet Union's recent willingness to make the intermediate-forces agreement global facilitates verification.
Goals Can Be 'Misinterpreted' On the other hand, Mr. Gore is now linked to a group that has been criticized by some Democrats and public interest groups as trying to dictate who should be the next President.
I asked why, for instance, Shakespeare addressed his wife in terms of regret that she possessed male sexual organs.
B1 Five more theaters are landmarks in the Broadway Theater District.
Reagan to Be Involved Senator Alan K. Simpson of Wyoming, the ranking Republican on the Judiciary Committee, said Mr. Reagan should name a person who can be readily confirmed.
Cut off any tough stems.
Schools - Most schools closed in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut.
''I think we will find that we don't need as many psychiatric beds as we're going to have,'' Kenneth S. Abramowitz, a health care analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, said.
---- Need for Medication Stressed Ruth Polhill, Mr. Polhill's mother, voiced hope yesterday that the captors of her son, a diabetic who requires a daily dose of insulin, would allow him to get the medicine he needs.
But even though Federal and state officials have put up $10.4 million to buy out homeowners in the basin, many people are deciding to stay.
Mr. Ragsdale, 42 years old, is the financial man, having been chief financial officer of the Republic Health Corporation, while Mr. Miller, 47, is an operations man, having been president and chief operating officer of Republic.
''If there is, I don't know about it.
He also made a mark as one of the few senators to oppose the landmark overhaul of the tax code last year.
While Coke has increased its holdings in Tri-Star since the company's creation, CBS has sold its whole stake and HBO owns only 10 percent.
If the Army's investigation turns up evidence of espionage, Mr. Dwyer said, the F.B.I.
''It tends to be a very conservative fund because I am a conservative individual,'' he said.
Nov. 17-28, the Ballroom, 253 West 28th Street, 244-3005.
Theodore H. White, a close follower of postwar Presidential elections, if ever there was one, wrote in his autobiographical ''In Search of History'': ''Kennedy, the politician, exuded the musk odor of power which acts as an aphrodisiac to many women.
But if the noncandidates look especially good, many analysts say that is in part because they are preserving themselves from the scrutiny and attack that falls onto those who enter the battle.
These comments indicate that many of them choose not to accept the now common viewpoint that it is not only possible, but desirable, for architecture to rely on the past.
The prisoner, Daniel F. Duane, 32 years old, was arrested Monday night in Rapid City, S.D., by a trooper who noticed that a tail light was out on the automobile he was driving, officials said.
It is priced at $1,499 and will be available in late September.
In the letters, Mr. Arias suggested that the Cardinal serve as a mediator between the Sandinista Government and the contras.
''People who need long-term care frequently become impoverished in paying for it because of its long duration and high costs,'' the report noted.
He has also deleted about five minutes of music, including the episodes surrounding 12 B.C., and the entire 1066 section.
Owners Also Gain The agreement also offers advantages to the owners of the building, a private limited partnership whose members include partners in Lazard Freres & Company and Lazard Realty Inc.
Presumably, she will have guests, although a Dolly Parton variety show without guests might be even more interesting.
Senior Reagan Administration officials approved a plan in early 1984, under which the Nicaraguan rebels would receive training and equipment that would ultimately have been paid for by South Africa, Government officials said today.
''Actors are more and more looking to literature like this for a challenge.''
''The moratorium protects the building more than the tenant,'' Mr. Foy said.
He said that since the parents were sincere in their religious beliefs, they were entitled to let their children meet basic state reading requirements outside the classroom with textbooks of which the parents would approve.
First, true zero would be easier to verify and, equally important, easier to enforce.
About every week or every 10 days, I religiously check my car out.
These two materials make a ''bed'' for the plants to grow in.
Ms. Myers has a fascinating background - gospel music in her native Akransas and Texas, music teaching and jazz (with the Association for the Advancement of Creative Musicians) in Chicago and, since 1976, an active performance schedule based in New York and linked with several of the leading figures in the new jazz.
''It's assured to be spectacular,'' he said last week.
But Mr. Hoffman said not all remote cars are made for the new track.
Her point of departure is sound itself, the basic phonetic units of speech that vary little from language to language, and the phonemes, or notational figures, used to represent these sounds.
McFarlane and the Saudis An official close to the Saudi Government confirmed a report today in The Washington Post that Robert C. McFarlane, the former national security adviser, met twice with Saudi officials and encouraged them to contribute heavily to the contra cause.
Underwriters tentatively offered the bonds with yields ranging from 4.75 percent for issues due in 1988 to 6.35 percent in 1992, 7.47 percent in 1997 and 7.76 percent in 1999.
John Croneberger performed the ceremony at the Episcopal Church of the Atonement.
Bill Clinton Democrat of Arkansas and chairman of the National Governors Association, on welfare revisions that the governors will consider at their winter meeting this week.
Cy Coleman's underrated songs, with lyrics by Michael Stewart, cannot have sounded better with any of the bigger-name Barnums, from Jim Dale to Tony Orlando, his replacement; Stacy Keach, the star of the national company, or Gary Sandy, who appeared in another tour.
Texas ended Cleveland's four-game winning streak with four-run innings in the third and sixth.
Those officials also said it would take several months to select developers for the project and for plans to be drawn.
However, the research and development costs for new generations of technology have forced Philips to lean heavily on joint ventures with competitors.
The new futures contract consists of 48,000 pounds (the capacity of one tanker truck) of high-fructose corn syrup.
Many of them are still earning high incomes, he said.
''I am reading books now that I wanted to read five years ago but they were not available,'' said Dyla Chuwa, as he stood in a small cluster of people in Dar es Salaam's intense heat to purchase a snack of grilled maize from tattered urchins.
Necmettin Erbakan, an Islamic fundamentalist, and Alpaslan Turkes, voice of the far right, failed to obtain the 10 percent of the national vote needed for parliamentary representation.
But as Robert Litan, an economist at the Brookings Institution, notes, the banks may not wait for Congress to act.
He'd go up in his room, and he'd draw up all kinds of plays and defenses.
Mr. Rand said he had discussed the proposed new seven-year program with the Governor's office and the Senate and Assembly leadership.
She walked onto the train and the doors closed before Mrs. White could follow.
Last month, the presidents of the six exchanges met here and submitted 39 proposals to the Government ''to safeguard the interests of the investors.''
A streamlined ''Finian's Rainbow'' is scheduled to open at the Fiesta on Sept. 16.
When lunchtime came, things were simple enough.
Management has a fiduciary duty to refrain from paying greenmail or engaging in a devastating restructuring when the purpose is to entrench itself or defeat a takeover which will benefit the shareholders.
Time Is a Factor Private pilots had been able to traverse the corridor in clear weather without permission from air controllers on the ground and without having to meet certain requirements for equipment and pilot qualifications.
Walking arm in arm, helping one another up a steep row of rocks, the girls from the Fresh Air Fund camp looked more like country cousins than the inner-city slickers they really are.
No points in six playoff games and the presence of several left wings were the reasons that led Phil Esposito and the Rangers to trade Tony McKegney to St. Louis yesterday.
''In the next six months, this whole thing could come to a decision,'' he said.
At Reykjavik, a tremendous amount of headway was made not only in the field of arms control but in other areas as well.
Her depiction of archaic astronomy as the orderly matrix of ritual is passionately compelling.
The Detroit Free Press today quoted Mr. Reuss as saying that G.M.
On Capitol Hill and at the Pentagon there have been calls for more arrests and dismissals.
Miss James noted that the mixup was particularly frustrating when people, even residents, tried to explain the difference by saying that Point Pleasant was to the west of Bay Head, ''right over the Loveland Town Bridge.''
Philanthropy is losing its stigma, and wide response reveals a reservoir of untapped generosity.
He was able to describe a Nazi prison guard with the same objectivity and understanding he showed in writing or speaking of his fellow prisoners.
Proposals that have gone nowhere over the years, aside from more housing, have included plans for gambling casinos and a recreation complex similar to the Tivoli Gardens in Copenhagen.
I am also disturbed by the importance attached by the media to polls regarding the ''veracity'' of the colonel's testimony and to the ''impression'' he is making on the public.
Arriving for the first time in New York City, middle-income households usually hope to rent in Manhattan, where the market is tightest, and availabilities the most restricted.
There are extensive Federal standards governing the care and services provided by the home health agencies.
''L'ultima man'' is the ''final layer,'' a coat of sizing or glue over the basic fresco.
He is willing to make territorial concessions in the occupied West Bank and Gaza Strip, whose 1.5 million Arab residents are subject to Israeli military rule.
The protest came on the first anniversary of the expiration of the Newspaper Guild's contract with the Washington Post Company.
A series of four seminars led by distinguished theater artists accompany the plays.
A Call to Work With G.O.P.
J. P. Morgan & Company, helped by declines in its provisions for credit losses and in income taxes, reported yesterday that its third-quarter earnings edged up 3.6 percent.
Once John Paul noted that he had spoken to the General about ''numerous economic and social contrasts'' when they met at the beginning of his visit.
Most important are the fitted double-breasted styles, nothing too exaggerated.
After 51 days and 5,000 miles at sea, the pariah garbage barge Mobro can come home again - but it probably won't.
In the absence of significant grass-roots issues, most of us are content to allow the status quo to continue.
In New York, it cost $1.6156 to buy one pound, down from $1.6177.
Associates said Colonel Broman destroyed some of the firm's records.
Where are the loan loss reserves held?
Novy Mir has long had a reputation for publishing provocative work.
Statesman, warrior and lawgiver, he was also a poet (with some help from in-house hacks) and a patron of the arts.
When I was a copy boy at the Daily News in 1956, some of the established writers were beyond approaching, but Young would answer any stuttering question from the hired help.
Thailand has mostly done its part, but needs to persevere a little longer.
4 12 LIE DOWN WITH LIONS, by Ken Follett.
So he cashed the spade king and ran the jack, only to find that his slam had failed.
He said a senior foreign affairs official, Director-General Neil van Heerden, would address the diplomats and demand that their governments state whether they approved of killings by radical black opponents of apartheid.
Separately, Bell Atlantic reported a small rise in quarterly earnings.
Oakley had 19 points and Pippen added 18 for the Bulls.
The tactic of the opposition is the lobbying blitz.
Other false reports were made Dec. 9 in Oklahoma City and Tulsa and Dec. 14 near Moundsville, W.Va., which is about 60 miles southwest of Westmoreland County.
b-Net income and includes a tax credit of $50,868.
Christopher Matthews has been known around the capital for more than a decade as ''the voice of .
When that happens, a boat can be either knocked off course, or set closer to the direction of the next mark, depending on which side of the shift it is sailing.
But last Sunday, when he was honored in his native Williamsburg, Va., he spoke in public about drugs for the first time.
A regular Sunday feature is her ''Harlem Sunday Gospel Tour,'' which includes attendance at a church service and a visit to the Studio Museum of Harlem.
They leaned over the railing and called to Kenny Smith from above, shouting his first name and asking for autographs as he made his way toward the North Carolina locker room after a 109-97 victory over Michigan on Saturday.
Yet Mr. Severson said, ''Their parents will have a much more durable record, since their childhood pictures were taken entirely in black and white film,'' which has more stable images.
The outlook for next week for much of the Corn Belt was for hot, dry conditions.
These three young Republicans on the investigative committee are little known outside their own districts, in New Jersey, Ohio and Florida, respectively.
What he insisted upon was, as Professor McCormick puts it, ''the primacy and dominance of matter, its instability, the difficulty or impossibility of arresting or predicting it, and the folly of the abstract spirituality which sees matter as inert substance and the body as a prison or tomb.''
When the Twins obtained Smalley from the White Sox and Niekro from the Yankees, the teams agreed that the Twins could return them for $10.
A report in the Company News column of Business Day yesterday about regulatory approval of an acquisition by the Chemical New York Corporation misstated one of the payment terms.
The Democrats would need nine seats - three more than they hold now - to win their first majority on the Board of Legislators, which was constituted in 1970.
Many of its jockeys -like Jonjo O'Neil - are national heroes, with books written about them.
Larry Larson, Levi Lee and Rebecca Wackler, the playwrights, are also starring.
''The contras come with guns and take our food,'' said the boy's aunt, Gregoria Suarez.
In bankruptcy proceedings for more than a year and with its last workers to be laid off Aug. 31, Hyatt has uncovered serious environmental problems at its dilapidated plant here that may prevent, and will clearly delay, the sale of its property to a developer.
''Not for sex but for companionship.''
''Dynamite Tonight'' was Mr. Bolcom's first piece for the stage, written when he was 25 years old and, for better and worse, bearing the mark of a talented beginner.
It was suggested, my recollection, as soon as the hostages were out.
The former convict is Lawrence Singleton, who was convicted in 1979 of raping a 15-year-old girl and cutting off both her arms below the elbows with an axe.
may end up setting the pattern for the large carriers since Continental followed its fare increase.
Mr. Kunstler said the bizarre nature of the accounts his client gave investigators showed they were a ''fantasy'' or the result of coercion by the investigators.
This separation, experts say, would probably reduce the explosion hazard posed by a missile's impact.
''He would have been better off if he didn't have the fastest time in the heats.''
Exxon and Ford shares may not seem like great bargains to the typical institutional investor, but neither do Houston office buildings begging for tenants or Treasury bonds paying anemic interest rates.
Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate overnight.
He took off his jacket in reply, but his tie stayed straight and his shirt was unwrinkled.
The copy that each celebrity reads is tailor-made, but it follows the overall theme, ''America, do it better in your BVD's.''
'Certain Charm,' Official Says Dave Davis, director of the port authority, said that an environmental study to be completed next year will determine if the lobstermen must move across the Harbor.
Jury selection is to begin in State Supreme Court in Kew Gardens, Queens, on Monday.
The ratio has been called ''silly'' and ''arbitrary'' by some of its critics, such as Mr. Newman.
I have thought it over.
No spokesman was available at the American Embassy to respond to Mr. Nouri's comments.
If the judgment were mine, I would ban pee, not because it is slang but because it is a baby-talk euphemism; instead, I would accept the word for which it substitutes as Standard English (that dread word will be avoided here as ''vulgar''), but most people do not feel as strongly as I do about euphemisms.
Orlando Woolridge of the Nets all scorers with 38 points and Ray Williams had 19.
Bob McGrath of ''Sesame Street'' will present a concert with stories, children's songs and live musicians at 2 P.M. next Saturday.
In the course of these meetings there has been nearly unanimous agreement that one of the best ways to promote understanding and to reduce tension among this City's diverse population, particularly among the City's young people, is to increase the number of after-school sports and recreational activities available to them.
Six Collections a Year Like other divisions of Liz Claiborne, this one will show six collections a year so that new clothes reach the stores every month.
''There are two things one can say for certain about the outcome of the Democratic convention,'' said Mr. Reed.
An author and editor who teaches at the Fashion Institute of Technology and the Parsons School of Design in New York City, he takes an admirably broad view, interweaving developments in art, architecture, interiors and product design, including technological innovations like air conditioning and linoleum.
''You're very much a part of a team but you are also running your own business when you have a territory,'' he said.
''It makes for a lot of gray hair.''
They now work three blocks apart - Ms. Mancini at La Chanterelle and Mr. Zayas at the Futon Shop - at businesses they describe as havens for artists.
There are elements in the human spirit of which sociologists know nothing, for who could have foreseen that little Wilson would teach himself to write music by studying scores, would devour as much of that useless English literature as he could lay hands on and become an expert in the science of English speech?
''If you don't want to spend the money,'' he said, ''then you have to decide you don't want to fly the shuttle until 1991'' or later, when manufacturers such as Hercules Inc. say they could have a version of the boosters available.
The bridegroom, the managing director of Banfi Vineyards in Old Brookville, L.I., graduated from Cornell University and studied at the Geisenheim (West Germany) Research Institute for Viticulture and Enology.
''We don't want to be like the Indians, the red Indians living in America.''
The symbiosis may be even more advanced along the Texas border, where the income gap between the two sides is less pronounced than in California.
Mr. Schlesinger said dependence on foreign oil was approaching 40 percent of consumption and would top 50 percent in the 1990's.
Or his 1982 assertion that there were no more segregated schools in America.
Although the city's jobless rate had dropped as low as 5.2 percent in April of this year, it had climbed to 6 percent in June and July.
Mr. McFarlane, who left government in December 1985, said nothing to dispute the President's position that he did not know proceeds from the sale of arms to Iran were being diverted to the contras.
She said New York allows farmers to sell raw milk only at farms.
Iraq said its warplanes raided a ''large naval target,'' a term it uses to refer to a tanker, east of the Kharg Island oil terminal after dark and scored ''an effective and accurate hit.''
Bell Atlantic, based in Philadelphia, has invested more than $500 million in the last three years to expand beyond the basic telephone business.
He beat the Blue Jays, 8-0, and did it with the utmost style.
The movie will be distributed by Paramount Pictures exclusively for home video.
Since Syrian troops raided the men's dormitories earlier in the week, the students have appeared somewhat subdued.
Making Pitches to Each Committee Member The 15 committee members are teachers or administrators drawn from throughout the state, and sales teams dutifully travel around the state making personal pitches to each.
And his little trainer, also a boxing instructor at the Greene medium-security prison not far from Albany, is understandably proud of what he has accomplished.
Instead, it complained to United Nations officials and Japan and West Germany, which maintain good relations with Teheran, that the Americans were being obstructive.
Mr. Spoor has been a member of the five-man executive committee since his retirement.
Since we started, we've added a marketing manager, a house manager and an artistic director, so we're staffing the hall along traditional lines.
Skinner carded a two-under 70 at the 6,187-yard Ridgeway Country Club and was the leader at seven-under 137 going into Sunday's final round after a five-under 67 at the 6,013-yard Westchester Hills Golf Club in the first round.
The alternative is acknowledging the random nature of bad things, which I hate even more than blaming myself, even more than being part of a syndrome, even more than having video cassettes and no video cassette recorder to play them on.
He and Alexander Blok, the writer and poet, were two charismatic literary figures of that era who foretold an ominous future for Russia and for all of Europe.
By a 2-to-1 margin, Americans opposed across-the-board tax increases, a position Mr. Reagan holds strongly.
Next year I am going to try out for the varsity.
The envelope will bear no cachet design and will be mailed back in a protective outer envelope.
Otherwise, Todd Brief's ''Nightsong'' for solo piano made a pleasing impression, moody and improvisatory yet never too loose or arbitary, and was sympathetically played by Margaret Kampmeier.
3 P.M.: Teleconference with youth at Universal Studios Amphitheater.
The previous weekend there was one.
But it is the stunning growth since 1977 of the value of the New York real estate - and of the rents that flow from it -that has provided the capital for Olympia & York to diversify into a variety of other industries, from paper to oil to liquor.
''They sent us a three-page document three weeks in advance to review, and when we got there there were 1,000 pages to sign,'' said Mr. Soldner.
SOMERSET COUNTY: Leonard James, Skillman, (609) 466-3596; Osterman Nursery, Neshanic Station, (201) 968-3030; Pariso Farm, Skillman, (609) 466-0947; Rolling Ridge Farm, Gladstone, (201) 234-0711; Thompson Tree Farm, Flemington, (201) 369-4732.
But the planned war games are said to have frightened Pakistan because they involve twice as many troops as any previous Indian maneuvers.
Soviet Seeks Diplomatic Edge The Soviet Navy has warships in the gulf, as does the United States Navy, but the Kremlin seemed to be eager to gain the diplomatic high ground in efforts to end the war between Iran and Iraq.
''We were looking for good recovery of corporate profits on the manufacturing side for next year, but not now,'' said Peter J. Morgan, the chief economist for the British investment firm of Barclays de Zoete Wedd.
Reading from the suit, Mr. Cuomo said Ms. Smith had threatened ''that unless her unreasonable demands were met, she would undertake a campaign to embarrass, undermine and defame the Cuomo family.''
Given the reality that the Debs dream is dead, the best hope the Long Island's riders have for deliverance from more such traumatic inter-union gamesmanship in every new contract round lies with the same Congress that rushed through this year's quick-fix no-strike law.
''Campus Man'' is rated PG (''Parental Guidance Suggested''), owing to some rude language and a shower-room glimpse of male buttocks.
''But I'd give it all up to have Steven back on his feet again.''
It's part of the game that you get calls against you when you're on the road.''
New York looks as if it had been carved out of crystal in Louis Lozowick's 1929 lithograph, ''Fifty-Seventh Street''; in ''City Lights,'' Ernest Fiene's 1940 etching of what appears to be Washington Square, it seems merely safe and friendly.
''Another night,'' Mr. Brennan said from his office.
But as I came in for a perfect landing I saw that they were ants - all my friends, Vundervaal, Chief Watunji, were gone!
Dwight D. Eisenhower, the only President who played bridge seriously, was guiding the country to peace and prosperity.
''What we learned over and over again,'' Mr. Yonge said, ''is that American citizens need a United States desk at the State Department.''
Why shouldn't the users pay?
The collection does not wander all over the lot.
The current Legislature has eight Republicans, two Conservatives and eight Democrats.
Room service is a youth pedaling a bicycle on the winding paths between the cottages.
The prospect of opening the strongbox as part of a television spectacular recalled the experience three years ago with the safe that divers recovered from Andrea Doria, the Italian liner that sank off Nantucket in 1956.
And the suggestion is that behind that single shaved skull among my supporters are harbored I do not know what sorts of dictatorial machinations.
He should win every grass race he tries this fall, and the most intriguing race of the year could be the Jockey Club Gold Cup, where he will try the dirt.
''Cultural conservatism,'' it says, ''is the belief that there is a necessary, unbreakable and causal relationship between traditional Western, Judeo-Christian values, definitions of right and wrong, ways of thinking and ways of living - the parameters of Western culture - and the secular success of Western societies.''
I asked Elliot how the money could be transferred.
She cut down, she said, because she has a more relaxed attitude toward life.
Yesterday's most prominent long-term issue was Honeywell Inc.'s $100 million issue of 9 7/8 percent sinking-fund debentures due in 2017, which were offered at 99.427 to yield 9.935 percent through Dillon, Read & Company.
One yearns for an Aquinas, or perhaps a Jonathan Swift, to make moral sense of the headline ''Doctors Win Truce for Children at War.''
Tax reform without revenue is all hiss and no feathers.''
''The new-issues market is in very bad shape,'' said M. R. Mayya, the executive director of the Bombay stock exchange, in an interview.
Today's news will be not what a Soviet leader says, but that a Soviet leader says it.
The Dodgers, a crumbling shell of their former selves, contributed to the Mets' pennant-race effort by committing a potpourri of defensive mistakes, most of which aided the Mets in their 3-2 victory.
Evans's two home runs gave him a career high of 33, one more than he had in 1982 and 1984.
Her father is a retired ear, nose and throat specialist who practiced in Jamaica, Queens.
Today Asians and women, who often outperform their male classmates, are perceived as doing the same thing.
Paul Havemann, vice president of H.S.H.
There is no absolute time, his friend Thelma had told him on occasions, no independent entity.
Veterans such as Greschner and Don Maloney have been restored to meaningful roles and they are playing better than they have in years.
The plant is not expected to reach full load for a few years.
If a little patronage can be created by the establishment of a new office, so much the better.
''The great thing about her is that she doesn't set limitations for herself.
I agree with some of it and disagree with some of it.''
The songs they did not write came from foraging through various pieces of ''funky'' sheet music or a piano book of old favorites.
Two other guards have been charged with working with Soviet agents while assigned as guards at the Moscow embassy in 1985-86.
Some Palestinian-Americans have also faced extraordinary scrutiny for security reasons, although this is not the primary concern, said Dr. Beilin, who headed the working committee that met today to draft recommendations.
Nine Catalogues a Year For its part, Hammacher Schlemmer has increased the number of catalogues it issues each year from five to nine.
''Dover is like an ostrich swallowing an orange,'' said Jim Chaput, who works in the city's planning department.
Getting There There are no direct flights from the United States.
Situation Changes O'Brien really never had to do any of this before.
New York City already has an extensive AIDS education program.
If the level is accurate the bubble will be centered.
Undoubtedly, it was this personal contact with AIDS that triggered such an immediate response from theater artists.
In the meantime, specialists at the American Cancer Society, the National Cancer Institute and such institutions as the Guttman Institute and the Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center have urged women to perform self-examinations regularly.
When it was over, there was ice cream and chocolate cake for all, and individual boxes of candy with small toys for the cast and all the children.
Further protection was granted between 1846 and 1951 when the Rana dynasty reserved Chitwan as a hunting ground for the powerful and privileged.
Calcium is needed in the blood to aid in muscle contractions, maintaining cell membranes, blood clotting, absorption of vitamin B12 and activation of enzymes.
The offending sentence with its ''nobody says'' assertion was written only to demonstrate another nonplussing language question: Why is nobody singular?
If you watch ''Nightline,'' ''Donahue'' or any of a number of ''spacebridges,'' you have seen him.
It is thus valid to assume that airliner near-collisions will not soon exceed 2,000 a year.
could have fined the county, but in lieu of the fines both agencies agreed that Nassau County would assist the E.P.A.
''Actually, my hosts were half-Canadian,'' she said recently, ''and that was very important because even in 1947, there was nothing to eat in England.
The agency held its first exchange period for six weeks between last April 21 and June 2, then again from Sept. 2 to Sept. 30.
It's not good for science or any academic area to have everything concentrated in one country.''
Recent quarterly financings have included about $9 billion of 30-year bonds and slightly smaller-sized three-year and 10-year issues, but the Treasury has only about $4.5 billion of authority remaining to issue bonds with an interest rate of more than 4 1/4 percent.
The weakness extended into certificates of deposit with longer maturities.
''Business has been booming generally for lawyers,'' said Peter P. Mullen, a partner at Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom, which led the list in both revenue and income.
Iran has a great idea: mines.
So far, the city has recorded 241 cases of children with AIDS.
Leo Castelli, the prominent New York dealer, agreed.
The statement also said that ''from official diplomatic sources, we do not know why he has been detained.''
His grandmother has family in Baltimore, and she thought Johns Hopkins might be nice, though she does not know much about colleges.
Police officials said none of Jennifer's clothes or effects were found in a search yesterday of the area near the shallow grave, about 150 yards from the makeshift campsite where Mr. Rand had lived until recently.
With their capsule narratives, leapfrogging chapters and ingenious tricks of language, Cortazar's ''Hopscotch'' and ''62: A Model Kit'' bear far more than a passing resemblance to Perec's creations.
''Sweet Bye and Bye,'' a musical he wrote with Mr. Nash, Vernon Duke and Al Hirschfeld, closed in Philadelphia, ''like a 10-cent mousetrap,'' said Mr. Perelman.
The Commerce Department said orders for ''big ticket'' durable goods plunged 7.5 percent in January, the biggest drop in almost seven years.
They spun with an unchanging rhythmic step, swiveling on the left foot and then lifting high the right as they turned.
That has been happening since the summit between the Soviet leader and President Reagan.
Managua officials also said other opposition news outlets would be allowed.
Mr. Benson is the son of Mr. and Mrs. H. Bradford Benson of Glastonbury, Conn. His father is a senior vice president of Advest in Hartford.
As the opposition tries to win over public opinion, the Government steadily hammers away at the notion that it was the split between the Kims - not cheating by the ruling party - that caused their defeat.
The investor Irwin L. Jacobs, renewing his four-month-old bid for the Borg-Warner Corporation, said today that he intends to begin a tender offer for no less than $44 a share in cash, if a friendly merger cannot be arranged soon.
For example, in ''The Jerk,'' which was directed by Mr. Reiner, Mr. Martin's first line was, ''I was born a poor black child.''
Moreover, his message to the dinner audience, which included former Gov.
He'd had his little kids taken from him when there was no reason to take them from him.''
''It wasn't an overnight thing,'' Aguilera said.
The city's Sightseeing Guides Licensing Law requires prospective guides to correctly answer at least 65 questions on a 90-question test ''concerning places or points of historic interest in and about the city.''
Nevertheless, is Mr. Sakamoto, in maintaining the robustness of the present Pax Americana, expressing a characteristic Japanese view linked to his country's desire to continue to live under the American security umbrella, while pursuing its export-led mercantilistic policies and its huge capital investments abroad?
But there is still some hard evidence to emerge.
Instead, the decision will just increase the amount of milk produced out of state that is sold in New York City, he said.
Because few of the young people I met had the romantic aspirations my generation had, I decided that they lacked ambition.
Earlier today, in an interview broadcast on Radio Iran, Mr. Perez de Cuellar said the purpose of his visit to Iran was an effort to reach a ''quick and lasting solution'' to the gulf's problems.
While using a chain saw to cut some lead out of Liberty's keel during the trials, the chain saw sliced a 42-stitch gash across the bottom of his nose.
Rebel spokesmen said their units would continue to attack armed Government workers.
American Express will also sell 8.5 million new Shearson shares to the brokerage's employees, of which 7.5 million will go to selected employees and a million shares into an employee stock ownership plan.
Beneath some faucet handles is a metal sleeve.
In the documentary, former Governor Richard J. Hughes recounts an urgent telephone call from Hugh J. Addonizio, then Newark's Mayor.
As a pianist, he could hold his own.
The Commissioner said that he saw no reason why a special prosecutor should be appointed and that the case ''seems to be being handled properly.''
Abraham Lincoln's public piety is proverbial.
When it comes to tasks like writing a newsletter or phoning constituents, the line between ''legislative'' duty and ''political'' self-promotion are blurred.
14th District (part of Yonkers): The incumbent Republican Leonard N. Spano against Mary Anne Scattaretico, Democrat, and Mary B. Winterroth, Right-to-Life.
Look at the impact it has on the young.
A particular type of autoimmune antibody highly associated with infertility was especially concentrated in that fluid, he said.
Today, nearly a dozen years later, the very mention of a first novel by a 24-year-old barely out of college might make a reader say, ''enough is enough'' - enough pared down, world-weary creative writing projects.
''How Chicago Taught Me to Hate Whites'' details her angry reaction to the racial bigotry that surfaced during Harold Washington's successful 1983 mayoral campaign.
First career officer to head the C.I.A.
''No,'' Mr. Falwell said, ''He'd probably walk across.''
Sacahuista would have to win the Distaff to unseat Personal Ensign as the champion 3-year-old filly.
Mrs. Whitehead's lawyer says he was not even informed of what was going on in the judge's chambers.
Though Montgomery's senior partner, Thomas W. Weisel, smiles at the exaggeration, he admits that he is immensely impressed by employees and job applicants who have starred in sports.
Claims that generics are unsafe can be hard to disprove because the evidence is generally anecdotal rather than scientific.
In a speech last Wednesday to doctors and medical ethicists at the University of Chicago Hospital, Cardinal Bernardin said he knew that many Roman Catholics would reject the Vatican document, which condemns artificial fertilization as ''illicit.''
Shows Tuesdays at 9 P.M., Wednesdays and Thursdays at 6:30 and 9 P.M., and Fridays and Saturdays usually at 6:30, 9 and 11 P.M. Cover charge: generally $10 to $15 ($25 for ''ringside''), plus a two-drink minimum.
The nearly 400 sessions - and the presentation of perhaps 1,000 individual research papers - that so engrossed the economists were a collective effort of the A.E.A.
As the umpire waves the batter to first base for being hit by the pitch and the tying run is forced home from third base, the catcher asks the umpire to check with the first-base umpire for assistance in determining whether or not the batter swung far enough for a strike call on the pitch.
The condominiums are essentially huge loft spaces with a mezzanine level, ranging from 1,250 to 1,500 square feet and averaging $200 a foot.
''Our intention was to tie up another property last year, but even though we have approached many hotel owners, we haven't been successful so far.''
It would be better to attack rather than support such medieval laws.
Individualistic, egalitarian, adaptable and honorable were all judgments made of the Iban during the hundred years that Sarawak was ruled as a private fiefdom by the ''white rajahs'' of the Brooke family.
Combination of Amino Acids The researchers studied the treatment in patients who had suffered two attacks in the previous two years but were still able to walk.
'' Projected Costs Climbing The McPhee Dam, rising like a giant wall from the floor of the Dolores River Valley, is one of a last of a generation of large Federal projects.
She cashed the king and ace of spades, hoping for a 3-2 split that would guarantee success.
Inventory levels, which were flat in September, declined in October, suggesting that the continuing growth in the economy was not aided by a build-up in inventories, the association said.
Mayor Koch rightly condemned Father Lucas's statement - but also indulged in some heated rhetoric of his own, directed at C. Vernon Mason, a black attorney.
Mr. Brook's summing-up of the Gielgud modus operandi is: ''He will change and change indefinitely, in search of rightness - and nothing is ever right.''
Happily, in the midst of New York there was always more money to be made with real buildings, so we have never known the plague of blocks of parked cars in the city's heart, but that makes this new spate of empty lots around Times Square all the more striking.
''But it's time we reviewed the building code to determine what recommendations and changes have to be made.''
But the Organization of American States is adamant against intervening in a neighbor's affairs.
In 1980, John B. Connally of Texas used that strategy in an unsuccessful effort to win the Republican Presidential nomination.
Mr. Long said precise figures on the cutback program were not yet available from Pratt & Whitney's seven plants in Connecticut, Florida, Georgia and Maine.
Intricate personal ironies and baffling conundrums of cultural identity that felt so pressing to me did not register with them at all; they belonged to an entirely different school of attention.
''If they acted injudiciously, they would very quickly undermine the program,'' he said.
The regular maximum fares are $119 one way, $238 round trip.
Mr. Shultz, who arrived in China on Sunday and leaves for Seoul and Tokyo on Friday, appears to have affirmed the harmonious Chinese-American relationship during his meetings.
This ill serves a partnership that is fundamentally sound and is making such an important contribution to peace and stability in the Pacific area.
''The question about Gary Hart is no longer, 'Where's the beef?'
Seats in the section, which will still sell for $10, are to be available beginning July 28.
THE process by which scientists and public reached an accommodation is both significant and ominous.
(Glasnost is merely a mode of play; perestroika is what the game is about.)
The only way to do that, however, is by the cumbersome process of inspecting every missile with a can opener.
But, despite a sound system that was sometimes not compatible with her singing, Ms. Vitro had a sensitive cabaret projection on ballads, and responded to the backing of an excellent jazz quintet that included Lou Marini playing saxophone, Fred Hersch at the piano, Harvie Swartz, bassist, and Terry Clark, drummer.
To disappoint an audience that expects to see 'Nova' or 'Planet Earth' - those are staples.''
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*HILTON HOTELS CORP (NYSE) Qtr to March 31 1987 1986 Revenue 199,761,000 12,729,000 Net inc 24,012,000 17,433,000 Share earns .96 .70 Shares outst 25,091,000 24,995,000 View Full Article in Timesmachine »
In Iowa, state health figures show that about 47 farmers have killed themselves each year since 1980.
''We fear that you won't do your homework,'' that is, reduce the United States budget deficit - ''and you fear that we won't do our homework'' - stimulate the growth of the West German economy sufficiently.
In choosing among applicants, Dean Halpern said, the admissions committee ''looks at the whole individual'' and considers not only grade-point averages and scores on the Law School Admissions Test, but also such factors as a ''demonstrated commitment to justice and fairness in the legal process.''
For just over $10 two people can order Bosporus bluefish, a stew of shrimp, mushroom, cheese and green chilies, along with appetizers of fried and stuffed mussels, beans, yogurt laced with cucumber and mixed salads.
On defense, Howe, Brad Marsh, Brad McCrimmon and Doug Crossman have received most of the playing time, with some spot duty to J. J. Daigneault and Kjell Samuelsson.
Similiar organizations have surfaced in Belgium, West Germany, Denmark, Norway, Sweden and Switzerland, which have absorbed large numbers of workers and refugees seeking political asylum from Arab nations, Iran and Turkey.
General Noriega told a Nicaraguan official that he was prepared to supply arms to the Salvadoran rebels.
To the author's credit, most of the characters are individualized, especially the hero and the District Attorney (Charles Cioffi), a thorny, outspoken man with the rude manners of an overworked desk sergeant.
St. Moritz is 6,000 feet in the air.
Enormous Changes Seen The Catholic roots in the South are deep, but they did not take firm hold until this century.
Roaches that live in stunning abundance outdoors - in fields, lawns and flower beds.
In a state where half the services always seem to be on strike, for example, business officials say the Communists have brought unparalleled labor-management stability.
'' Dealing With Son When Miss Davis returned after her full day of classes in Manhattan, she was tired, but anxious to see her son.
''This is the secret appeal of Christianity,'' said Mr. Silber, a Presbyterian.
The message said: ''It is absurd to hold this summit in Kuwait, which pretends to be Moslem while it holds in its jails those who stood up and struggled for the Moslems' glory, the humiliation of the arrogant ones and the removal of American and French hegemony.''
Mr. Roberts replied that he would not resign.
A middle-aged draftee would find military service exasperating from the first ''Fall in!''
Bronze medals, and prizes of $500, went to Svetlana Ballester Akimova of Cuba and Yang Xinhua of China.
Trade contacts have already been quietly established between the two countries.
Mr. Gorbachev deserves praise for the remarkable changes he is attempting, and those dissidents inside working to further the change deserve support.
Crime has become a constant threat.
Accalim and Resentment He won acclaim in an earlier term for buying buses and setting up a city bus line when the private bus company was immoblized by a strike.
Apply it in thick layers according to directions on the can.
Some observers felt they were there to carry mad money or groceries, but there's probably a better reason.
As in certain other ballets in which he has been cast in recent seasons, Mr. Andersen was required to portray a saintly or angelic youth.
Schools and Judges Texans will also vote on constitutional amendments for bonds to help lure the Federal supercollider project and to fund a number of public works programs.
Miss Gorris uses the nonsuspense story of the serial killer as a sort of hook to focus the audience's attention on her feminist concerns, which are a good deal less provocative than Miss Borden's.
b-Includes tax credits of $575,000 for the quarter and $1,348,000 for the 9 months; the 9 months also included a $430,000 credit from payment of debt of 50 percent-owned affiliate.
''You can see inside it,'' she said.
Well I want to go back to something I said at the very beginning of all of this, Mr. Nields.
Representative J. J. Pickle, a Texas Democrat who is chairman of the subcommittee, is drafting legislation that aides said would address some of the same concerns raised by the Pryor bill.
and that her attraction to the composer was flamed by politics, not passion.
While Mobil's ''Masterpiece Theater'' was having a generally lackluster year, except for the current ''Sorrell and Son,'' Mobil's ''Mystery!''
One of my regulars stopped by to tell me the picture of him was not flattering.
By some estimates, that's the price - in lost purchasing power -that inflation is imposing on New York for failing to decide how the highway money should be spent.
After the distribution to stockholders an employee stock ownership plan would be set up, which would acquire about 50 percent of the equity of the company, estimated to be about $1.6 billion.
The ruling will be appealed on Monday, according to a statement issued tonight by Mr. Barry's legal counsel, Herbert O. Reid.
But his resignation, taken together with the other three, speaks clearly.
[ News analysis, page A16. ]
A woman near the top takes your rings and sunglasses (if you happen to be wearing any) into protective custody.
He was immediately called upon to replace the injured Sean Lavery opposite Merrill Ashley in ''Ballade,'' Balanchine's first new ballet in two years, and shortly afterwards in ''Robert Schumann's 'Davidsbundlertanze.'
Granted, Mr. Simon has provided unreasonable tasks for these characters, who, with a snap of the fingers, must come up with quick solutions to profound problems or monumental situations.
But Deane Beman, the commissioner, has been leading the campaign to establish the Tournament Players Championship as a major.
(Another winner of the Academy Award for best foreign film.)
Yesterday as 50 people, mostly Salvation Army workers, watched the ceremonies, three demonstrators stood behind police barricades.
If there's one thing American diners can't stand, it's a fatty duck.
Financing for the documentary, meanwhile, came from distinguished sources, including the Norwegian Agency for International Development, the United Nations Development Fund for Women, the Ford Foundation and the Church World Service.
Mrs. Cohn, a graduate of Boston University, is an account executive at Miller, Schwartzman & Reilly, an insurance firm in Pelham, N.Y.
John began to rely on his curveball, and it produced results.
''Television is the instant sophisticator, even on the news,'' he said.
He added that Brookhaven, geographically the largest town in the county and the fastest growing, could alone control a majority of the board by 1990, a situation similar to Nassau, where Hempstead dominates the Board of Supervisors.
''In some areas there were two or more branches within a few blocks of each other, and in other places, like White Plains, where there were six branches, there were more locations than the population could support.''
'All They Have Are Estimates' If similar devices were used in the expansion, the additional rooms would use about 13 million gallons, for a yearly total of 28.5 million gallons.
He'll be visiting a friend, David Margolis, a businessman, on Long Island this weekend.
Governor Cuomo said this week that if he ran for President, his son Andrew, who has been his chief political strategist, would not serve a formal role in the campaign.
To qualify for the program, companies would have to move to new or substantially rehabilitated office or manufacturing space in northern Manhattan or in the Bronx, Queens, Brooklyn or Staten Island.
In addition to signing the accord on intermediate-range missiles, they will discuss other issues, including the next item on the arms control agenda: a strategic arms reduction treaty.
''They've been playing so well together.
To Mr. Coleman, 52 years old, the plunge in stock prices has been particularly devastating, because he paid for his shares with about half of the $160,000 he had accumulated in his retirement fund.
In a campaign that began a year ago, the 27-year-old Miss Lakwena - the word means messiah in her language, Acholi - mesmerized Ugandans with claims that spirits spoke through her.
There is no way that I could have known or there's no way that they set that up.
Last year was supposed to be a celebration of the 75th anniversary of S.M.U.
ANTIPHOLUS: Where stood Belgia, the Netherlands?
This is as much or more than is usually spent to send a new movie into theaters, and millions of dollars more than has ever been spent to advertise a new video cassette.
The agreement was the result of a visit last month with senior Vietnamese officials by John W. Vessey Jr., a retired general, who led a special delegation to Hanoi to discuss the missing.
He says Han is a gentle soul, a recent Christian convert who not long ago began reading collections of sermons in Eng-lish (in his youth, Mr. Shiga studied Christianity intensely with the famous Christian teacher Kanzo Uchimura).
Since the company intends to continue selling cars in this country, the union leaders said it appeared that they would be gotten ''from their low-wage facilities in Brazil and Mexico.''
Both the film and Christine, as played with an engaging brassiness by Miss Walters, are too hardboiled for such lapses.
That may explain why yesterday's stock market, while certainly much calmer, was also weak.
But Mr. Reagan's advisers now say that he is increasingly concerned about the problem and ready to endorse a range of vigorous actions.
Notre Dame also opposed the reduction of recruiting time.
The ministry reported continued fighting in Bonanza early Monday night but later said it regained control.
But their high choices can come at any position because Coach Bill Parcells preaches that more good players mean better competition for jobs, and that, in turn, makes a team better.
Civilian Instructor Reinstated In a related matter, the Air Force said today that it had reinstated a civilian instructor in his job at an Air Force intelligence school despite his refusal to sign a secrecy pledge.
Last week, that conviction took on a degree of certainty in light of a hospital statement that Mr. Casey was having difficulty forming words or controlling his right side and would undergo radiation therapy for ''a number of weeks.''
There will, of course, be great variety in the merchandise.
His soft, almost silky Texas drawl belies his unhesitant willingness to nudge, even shove, Democrats in the direction he wants.
The Fourcade collection is estimated to bring as much as $2.9 million.
Indeed, so well established has it become that on Thursday night, diners at ''21'' for the early seating refused to leave until they had heard the band's familiar brassy strains.
The children make a banner, planning to send a photograph of it to the President.
A hospital spokeswoman said Mr. O'Neill, who marked his 75th birthday Wednesday, left the hospital accompanied by his wife, Mildred, for their home in Harwichport on Cape Cod.
Walker and Tucker scored 16 points each.
They almost immediately destroyed the radar station and arms warehouse, according to local residents, soldiers and evidence seen by a reporter.
HJ,'' as his faithful aide, Milly Bryce, calls him, has spent most of his life this way, scouting sites for new motels.
An exhibiting artist who now is interpreting the colors and images of Africa in thread - for instance, she recalls the brilliance of purple jacaranda petals on the red earth - Ms. LaVilla-Havelin recently agreed to discuss her experiences with the exhibition.
The author's portrait of the Soviet Union is harsh and myopic - in other words, about on the same level as a Soviet propagandist's view of the West.
Sergeant Kaunley said a witness told the police that a white man wearing camouflage trousers, a dark sweatshirt and a blue and white cap got out of a red pickup truck and fired shots at the patrol car.
The altered diminished seventh in measure three wrought its habitual magic.
As for Magic, it was he who led the Lakers to the world championship last season, taking the title from Bird and the Celtics in six games.
The role of stock-index arbitrage is harder to assess.
The President of El Salvador, alarmed about the new United States immigration law, has appealed to President Reagan to give temporary refuge to Salvadorans living illegally in this country.
Third, aluminum is stiffer than copper and does not bend as easily, and it requires a larger gauge (heavier) wire than copper.
''I think the writing of these tax packages had a major effect on what's happening to the stock market over the course of the past three or four days,'' he said.
Free Shuttle Service To alleviate congestion at the 66th Street station, the report said Mr. Trump was prepared to offer free shuttle bus service from Television City to the 59th Street-Columbus Circle station, where Mortimer B. Zuckerman, the developer, has promised to pay for improvements as part of the huge office tower he hopes to build at Columbus Circle.
To do so, it required utilities to buy power from qualified independent generators, which included both cogenerators and small power producers using solar energy or other renewable fuels.
Whether the new proposed compromise would break the logjam created by the competing Moynihan and Inouye proposals was not immediately clear.
Mother was right when she warned me that life would pass me by before I knew it if I didn't get up out of this chair and live a little.''
But for Iron Mike, it was a left hook to Thomas's head that put The Pink Man, as Thomas is called, in deep trouble.
Changing Times ''We've come a long way from Tuffy the Tooth,'' said Peggy Clarke, an Assistant Health Commissioner who runs the department's Bureau of Education.
Bill Long (2-1) was the winner, despite allowing 13 hits and five runs in seven and two-thirds innings.
College students would have to pay new fees for guaranteed student loans, ranging up to 9 percent of the amount borrowed.
There are exceptions - we have found some excellent union contractors - but generally you can't get the quality you want from union shops.
In the other we have an institution that wanted an architectural expression for its own rather large ambitions.
We must make a significant contribution to saving the old substance.
The Artery/Tunnel project, which President Reagan has termed ''a pork barrel,'' became eligible for 90 percent Federal reimbursement in April, when it was passed as part of the $87.9 billion Federal highway measure.
My editor called me as soon as he had read the first chapter.
On his first major label album, he uses several musicians he has been working with in the latest lineup of the Golden Palominos -Anton Fier, Richard Lloyd, Bernie Worrell and Lisa Herman - and he gets more out of them than the Palominos did.
In all, there are about 80 pieces here, with each artist represented by a mix of large and small works.
The figures are almost identical for the state's other frontons, in Bridgeport and Hartford, although the betting handle at all three has increased, and the frontons continue to be profitable.
I get a lot of satifaction out of watching the house look better.
QUEENS The Balcony, 48-10 69th St.
Bond and prepared the confidential memorandum on her allegations.
''Turn on the telly and every other story is telling U somebody died,'' Prince sings in his new ''Sign of the Times,'' which goes on to recount those stories as evidence of impending apocalypse.
The painter says that there are three layers of paint on the wall and the bottom layer was probably oil paint, and that is why his latex paint alligatored.
And music: Whole scores of all the Beethoven symphonies (beyond the scope of my odd-job change) and the 32 piano sonatas, as well.
Four years ago, when he was artistic director of the Goodman Theater in Chicago, Gregory Mosher had the ingenuity to match the Karamazovs with Shakespeare's most frivolous comedy.
seeks a sympathetic and perceptive guide.''
Twenty M'Bow supporters on the board voted against the Spaniard.
As he considers candidates to succeed Mario Merola as interim Bronx District Attorney, Governor Cuomo is confronted with a politically sensitive decision.
When asked if his downplaying of his accomplishments may have had to do with opponents' criticism of his show-boating on the field, he responded: ''Yeah, I guess you can say that.
Each side would send inspectors to missile deployment areas and missile assembly facilities to determine the initial number of medium-range missiles that the other side has.
''My point is that management can borrow $450 million and buy the ITT business without giving away 53 percent to anyone else,'' Mr. Sas said.
The office clock is also bolted, as are the tables, resting on slanted supports.
Many South Koreans have traditionally looked down on people from Cholla as backward, poorly educated, and crude.
Today's Columns The trend of law firms growing larger appears to have stalled.
From early Monday to this morning, Vietnamese troops launched a dozen attacks on Chinese positions at the Laoshan border area, Xinhua said.
governors back deficit plan B12 Washington Talk B8 Can the news abroad come home?
Harris, a relief pitcher, doubled his salary to $620,000 despite the Rangers' effort to pay him $575,000.
''We're going to let them make all the noise now and run themselves out of steam early,'' replied Neville Ginsberg, one of the reclining Denver fans.
Mr. Brady is currently the chairman of the Purolator Courier Corporation.
Mr. Fletcher, a traveling preacher from Oklahoma City, said he had been bothered since he introduced Mr. Bakker to the woman, Jessica Hahn, in a hotel room in Clearwater Beach, Fla., on Dec. 6, 1980.
Finding Support Sitting in his dimly lit office one recent afternoon, Father Beauchamp spoke of coping with the tragedy.
It is also a pleasant town along the placid Perfume River, where an old American bachelor officers' quarters has become a tourist hotel, the Huong Giang.
''The women's-committee bird is the hornbill,'' she said, ''but this is close enough.''
The Merc edged the Comex in volume during the first year of trading, but after that, big commercial users and precious metals trading houses, which are mostly in New York, began to shift their allegiance to the Comex.
David vows to control his passion; it will not destroy - that is, change - his life.
And the rumors, myths and paranoid speculations about his past dozen years have made him a folklore figure of near Hughesian stature.
generally sticks to self-praise, Public Enemy sometimes draws sociopolitical lessons.
The most important things we take away from books, Proust maintains, are tangential associations.
''I saw my son Matthew born, and I consider that my 50th home run,'' he said.
''Now, it's very, very slow.''
The Bundesbank said the primary aim of its new package was to ''neutralize'' the inflow of funds into West Germany.
She's a woman who finds her job as a tax collector terrifically fulfilling, whether she's scaring mom-and-pop shopkeepers or playing a cat-and-mouse game with a big-time mobster.
''The first thing a dictator does is get rid of the comedians.''
Ousted Over Treaty With U.S.
A typical Safeway store, for example, now carries kiwis, winter melons, Mandarin oranges, persimmons and kumquats, said Felicia DelCampo, a company spokeswoman.
And with a clean windshield and a full fuel tank, the jet is climbing back into the sky while Bonzo, the luxurious airport's vociferous cockatiel, breaks into his favorite song.
Presented by Dragonfly Theatre Company, at the Sanford Meisner Theater, 164 11th Avenue, at 23d Street.
The GAF Corporation said that it had reached a settlement with five insurance companies regarding the coverage for asbestos-related health claims filed against GAF.
Antibiotics are unnecessary and steroid creams make the rash worse.
It was a 45-minute ride to Pilgrim State Hospital.
Waterbury for many years was known as ''Brass City,'' because four of the largest brass companies in the world were situated here: Chase Brass, Scovill Corporation, American Brass and Century Brass.
Paula Morris Neely, a daughter of Mrs. William E. Neely of Rochester and the late Mr. Neely, was married yesterday to Stuart William Sinclair, the son of Mr. and Mrs. Eric F. Sinclair of Edinburgh.
From a distance, our string of kayaks resembled a Lilliputian armada skimming across the water, windmilling paddles the size of Q-Tips.
The outlines for each volume will first be approved by an advisory panel and an editorial board of noted scholars of business history, and hundreds of historians will write the entries.
Another report by the council is expected this week on the design changes NASA is making in the shuttle's solid-fuel booster rockets.
In doing so they might, in effect, annihilate one another, releasing a burst of energy that would be added to ejection of the electrons.
Gold prices rose in domestic activity after trading ended mixed overseas.
The organization was not about to quit Times Square, its officials said.
''There is no such thing as a grand plug to pull.''
Did you see the reports that I was ashen-faced last night after I read the statement?
The times when their lack of talent and inability to mesh as a team usually resulted in embarrassing, lopsided defeats were almost forgotten.
Since Dr. Brademas arrived, the university has created six new dormitories that house several thousand students.
They were evoking the nickname of a departed teammate, Elvis Patterson, who was given the nickname Toast by Parcells in his rookie season because wide receivers burned him so often.
Following are results of yesterday's auction of four-year Treasury notes: (000 omitted in dollar figures) Average Price 99.733 Average Yield 8.33% Low Price 99.699 High Yield 8.34% High Price 99.766 Low Yield 8.32% Accepted at low price 79% Total applied for $20,276,260 Accepted $7,005,750 N.Y. applied for $18,316,650 N.Y. accepted $6,579,260 Noncompetitive $434,000 Interest set at 8 1/4% The four-year notes mature Dec. 31, 1991.
The best part about the marathon was the way strangers as well as friends urged me on.
Strikeouts count, but that doesn't stop managers and general managers from shaking their heads and lamenting, ''If only he could make contact more often.
Mr. Weinroth resigned as chairman of Centronics in April of this year.
We, as parents, can play an important role by sending a strong message to our children that drugs will not be tolerated in our homes, in our schools and in our communities.
He is as responsible as anyone for his team's first-place standing in the Adams Division.
It uses a computer chip and prints on a tape the time and date of the call, the number dialed and the call's duration.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*SOFTWARE AG SYSTEMS GROUP INC (OTC) Qtr to Aug 31 1987 1986 Revenue 17,190,000 15,397,000 Net inc 1,296,000 1,103,000 Share earns .22 .19 View Full Article in Timesmachine »
The Peugeot kept going and slipped off the road onto its side in a ditch.''
Married to a talker half as endless as a football game, how else can she survive?
HBM/Creamer in Boston, owned by Britain's WCRS Group, has just gotten another McDonald's operators association account from Arnold & Company, also of Beantown, which has a number of them.
Nikki Garth-Taylor, beauty editor of Essence magazine, said that with the exception of a few at the top, most black models earn the bulk of their income from work for billboards and magazine advertisements.
About 2,000 members of the clergy and a few lay persons have earned a master's or doctorate in some area of mental health and passed an examination entitling them to the designation certified pastoral counselor.
A special legislative session on Florida's services tax deadlocked today when Gov.
Some sharp price swings have also been attributed to certain innovative trading techniques.
Mr. Morison was prosecuted under statutes that prohibit the disclosure of classified information ''to any person not entitled to receive it'' and the ''unauthorized possession'' of such documents.
If all that happens, said Landeta, maybe people will forget the punt that never, or hardly, was.
Admission to both is $1.50 for adults and 75 cents for children, in addition to a grounds charge of $3 for adults and $2 for children and the elderly.
After a volatile decade in which economic dislocations forced millions of Americans to move to other regions, migration within the United States generally appears to have settled back into a more stable pattern, according to new Census Bureau estimates and other Government data.
That woman -nothing more than a girl really - had unnerved me.
Victory and that the bureau had never questioned Justice Smith on the matter.
Binghamton American Civic Association, 131 Front St. Buffalo Catholic Charities, 531 Virginia St. International Institute of Buffalo, 864 Delaware Ave. Highland Rural Opportunity, Inc., 74 Vineyard Ave. 902 Broadway.
Taking exactly the opposite route from Gunter Grass, Bachmann compresses into less than 10 pages the history of Germanic consciousness, its cruelty, its killing spirit, and the aftermath of destruction and war.
A police officer who arrested a student at the school yesterday for showing a six-inch knife in an art class said the student, when asked why he carried it, replied, ''My neighborhood, man.''
And the gentlemen will not move.
Comments from Manuel H. Johnson, vice chairman of the Federal Reserve Board, and rumors that West Germany might be about to cut interest rates helped to bolster the dollar.
In those remarks, Mr. Gorbachev said that the Soviet Union would agree to a worldwide ban on American and Soviet medium-range and short-range missiles.
A1 The first homeless person to be hospitalized under the program is a woman whose home the last year or so was the sidewalk on Second Avenue near 65th Street near a restaurant vent that kept her warm.
The densest residential development, much of it on quarter-acre and half-acre lots, has taken place on Lake Candlewood, in the southwest corner of town on the west side of Route 7.
In Germany, the Depression brought Adolf Hitler and Nazism to power; in the United States, it brought Franklin D. Roosevelt and the New Deal.
Seven years elapsed between the second and third volumes of the American Philosophical Society's ''Transactions,'' each volume running about 350 pages.
There are two threats, however, to the Triple Crown's stature.
Two spent part of each day in the White Plains library and said there were at least 10 homeless men doing the same thing there.
ARCO said it earned $330 million, or $1.80 a share, up from $150 million, or 83 cents a share, a year ago.
Leftist rebels announced in a communique that they would meet with Government officials on Wednesday to ''search for peace'' and that a cease-fire had been agreed on by both sides to begin tonight and last for the duration of the talks.
What he found was that investors holding a diversified portfolio of junk bonds will earn higher returns over time - even after subtracting losses - than if they held a mix of, say, AAA-rated bonds.
After taking a hot shower and putting on a clean shirt, Charley's on the telephone making a dinner date.
's new mid-size cars - the Buick Regal, Oldsmobile Cutlass Supreme and Pontiac Grand Prix - are visible proof of General Motors' commitment to customer satisfaction and quality,'' said Roger B. Smith, G.M.
Contra leaders in Costa Rica, for instance, said recently that C.I.A.
The question for a foreign bank interested in building a presence in Texas would be how much capital First City would require before its loan performance improved.
Mr. Kumins said he addressed the forecast at the request of United States Representative John G. Rowland, Republican of Waterbury.
Informed sources said this was the first time the Russians had let Mr. Hess out of Spandau while they were in charge.
Executives say they are looking for aggressive, college-educated employees with business backgrounds and some familiarity with the Long Island market.
Mary Owens leaves the relative security of her family's home in Stockton, Calif., to come to Berkeley.
But Khun Sa's power and his personal wealth have continued to grow, assisted by inaccessible terrain, lax border surveillance and a large network of corruption surrounding the heroin trade in Thailand.
The officials said these assessments would be the fiscal equivalent of environmental impact statements.
British and French nuclear forces would not be included, no Pershing 2's would be deployed and the shorter range missiles would be frozen at existing levels.
During batting practice, Jackson is watched closely by Hal McRae, the Royals' batting coach and pinch-hitter.
It is not, alas, among the composer's more vivid or tightly constructed pieces, although it contains a few engaging ideas, including the decision to have a high tenor sing the role of Lucifer.
Hong Kong's strong economy and soaring bull market are enticing more and more companies to go public.
Later, Mrs. Mersereau was the city's central school district director of the Federal Title VII fund program established under the Civil Rights Act of 1964, which prohibits job discrimination on the basis of sex, race or religion.
From our point of view, it doesn't reduce the impact.''
What Mr. Lesy has finally accomplished is the reverse of the fable told in the epigraph to John O'Hara's novel, ''Appointment in Samarra'' (which, incidentally, Mr. Lesy invokes without crediting to its proper source, Somerset Maugham).
And all the nuances and ideas almost demand to be considered in terms of the sculptural whole.
''The schedule is too tight,'' he said Monday, ''so I had to drop one event and I chose the 200,'' the race he had added to his repertory at the 1984 Olympics so he could match the four golds won by Jesse Owens in Berlin in 1936.
This would be done through the use of monitoring equipment and by having inspectors at the sites.
She has been in office since July 1982, according to central board records.
The next year, his family arrived, via Poland, in Israel.
The Heisman Trophy used to be a nonstop, first-class ticket to the National Football League for running backs.
Suspicion of Radio Stations A businessman with close ties to the Government said the Government believed that Haiti's radio stations had fallen into the hands of its opponents.
Many experts believe that the anonymity in large schools is responsible for vandalism and other antisocial behavior.
Although resident theaters like Yale Rep and the Goodman often concentrate on new plays or on the classics, Mr. Mosher expressed interest in a second production of ''Fences'' -with the Yale production team and cast, which included James Earl Jones and Mary Alice (both of whom would also eventually come to Broadway).
''This brief, lyrical novel is a kind of elegy, to both childhood in suburbia and the childhood of suburbia.''
This film is rated R. Miranda ...... Catherine Mary Stewart Royd ...... Michael Praed D'Branin ...... John Standing Audrey ...... Lisa Blount Keelor ...... Glenn Withrow Darryl ...... James Avery Lilly ...... Helene Udy Eliza ...... Annabel Brooks Jon Winderman ...... Michael Des Barres
Congress and the President must agree on about $23 billion in budget savings, spending cuts or increased takes to avoid the automatic cuts required by the law.
A spokesman for Representative James J. Howard, Democrat of New Jersey, the head of the Public Works and Transportation Committee, said there would be no effort to bring a new highway bill to the House floor this year.
Her job, she said, was ''generally working on the whole look of the magazine.''
Some scenes appear to have been captured literally on the run.
The possible proto-galaxy was discovered by Patrick McCarthy, Professor Spinrad, Wil van Breugel and Michael Strauss, at Berkeley; S. George Djorgovski, of the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics, and James Liebert, of the University of Arizona.
The Treasury has a full slate of auctions this week, starting with the regular weekly bill auctions today and continuing tomorrow with the first of three consecutive days of note sales totaling $25 billion.
I've asked everybody but never got an answer.''
The accord was intended to help the semiconductor industry in the United States.
The mother of Larry Davis's 16-month-old daughter was picked up by the police after Mr. Davis's arrest last December and warned that she faced separation from her four children and prosecution for aiding a fugitive, she said in a three-hour court interview last week with Mr. Davis's lawyers.
Those children eventually end up in city-operated foster care centers of lower quality, she said.
Last October, when Mike was 28 and Marcy 24, they married.
Mr. Dogg's latest creations are on view through May 17 at both American Fine Arts (511 East Sixth Street, near Avenue A) and, next door, at the 303 Gallery (513 East Sixth Street), which has just moved into the Wolff Gallery's old East Village space.
''But he couldn't have said precisely that.
Fiery Challenge, a daughter of Fire Dancer and the Sun Cross mare Hemi Demi, races for Mary Wootton and is trained by Tony Dutrow, the son of Richard Dutrow, the successful trainer.
Speaker Hashemi Rafsanjani scorned the bizarre gift of a Bible inscribed by Mr. Reagan, yet also praised his courage, a conciliatory gesture unimaginable a few years ago.
Mrs. Jackson's lawyer, Kenneth Whitman, said he would appeal, and that his client expected to be vindicated.
This portion of Mr. McFarlane's testimony was specifically highlighted on the copy of testimony given by the President to the Board.
He confesses now that he used to eat a pound of bread a day.
There are - or the reader becomes aware of - two false starts, the first methodological and the second comprised by subjectivity masquerading as absolute.
''The number of lawsuits is a growing pain of the industry,'' he said.
The Mets, whether in Spanish or English, often seem to wind up either in front of Knight's eyes or in the back of his mind.
CLEA & ZEUS DIVORCE By Emily Prager.
''They're very big on technical skills.
''The focus is not on building a large Army, which is not needed, but rather on professionalizing it,'' one foreign military expert said.
Northbound on 95, traffic was backed up a half-mile at the toll booth.
On the road at last, a few hundred feet before Slotnik Brook, I have to brake to a sudden stop as a mother duck and her brood of five fuzzy ducklings boldly take the right of way and cross the road.
He will face Supervisor John Molinari, who was second with 25 percent.
In 1983, he wrote ''The File,'' a book about his experiences.
In overturning the agreement, the Attorney General, Robert Abrams, charged that milk dealers already have used the small price increase established in the agreement as a pretext for raising prices in the metropolitan area to ''inflated and non-competitive levels.''
Several specialists on East Germany said this emphatic proclamation of success not only betrayed a certain nervousness about the proposed changes in the Soviet Union but also reflected the self-confidence level of a nation that is widely regarded as Moscow's weightiest ally in Eastern Europe.
After committee members made their opening statements, Judge Robert H. Bork was given time to make his own.
And many details remain to be worked out.
If you prefer meat on the rare side, though, make sure to speak up or it will come out the far side of medium.
A goose that laid a golden egg might have been a better choice.
A list of participating galleries in ''American Women Artists'' and information about lectures, concerts and other performances may be obtained by calling the Wadsworth Atheneum at 278-2670, ext.
The charge includes a reserve for future lease commitments on certain excess buildings and the writeoff of excess manufacturing equipment.
A. Tittle had big games for us, but maybe not in that big a game.
Several other players confirmed Carson's statement.
Not only does David run into Melchior at a cemetery, but the Bishop and Burl show up too.
's cut into my work time.''
Their situation reflects both Disney's turnaround and the unusual deal they were offered, in which they received a more substantial opportunity to obtain stock than is typical in such programs, according to consultants on executive compensation.
Frank Greer, who produced three commercials on trade for the automobile workers, said focus groups that looked at two of his ads thought they were too pessimistic.
Explaining his problem with the Stadium cage, Mattingly said: ''You felt the guy throwing to you was 10 feet from you.
* Some of the state's aging cities are continuing to decline, and present strategies for helping them are insufficient.
Instead, he focused on what he called a number of ''significant milestones'' achieved by the association in 1986, foremost among them being the acquisition of a new headquarters for the association in Baltimore, Md.
But the Bishop reading of the ''Wake'' doesn't allow any discrete existence at all to Shem or Shaun; they are just '' 'constellated' products of [ the ] dreaming mind,'' shadowy phantoms of the night.
This well-written and interesting chronicle documents steady and frequent good and bad times in the household of the only man Gordon ever loved.
to prepare intelligence that would be given to Iran as part of the exchange of ''proof of good faith.''
I hope that something like it will happen to me again one day.
Most of the inquiries centered on a report in today's issue of The Washington Post that the campaign sold its main computer system for at least $100,000 more than it was worth to a shell company apparently linked to the Robertson campaign.
Many questions must be answered; answers must come from legislation.
Benel is challenging the termination of the agreements, Crazy Eddie said.
They turned back the inmates.
Her fiance is an assistant treasurer in the municipal bond department of the Bank of New York.
The authorities said two minor fires of suspicious origin broke out in the hotel last weekend.
Hojatolislam Rafsanjani made public the first details of the secret arms deals with the United States, of a mediation effort by Japan to help win the release of hostages, and of Iranian intervention in freeing a hijacked Trans World Airlines jet in Beirut in June 1985.
will cost a piece after 46 R-R2 and 47 B-B6.
Bruschetta has its passionate devotees, in the United States and in Italy.
The Sandinistas' popularity has slowly waned, and the promises of the revolution are unfulfilled, but this has still not translated into support for the contras.
The police speculated that drug dealing may have brought about the shooting, but they stressed they had no firm motive.
''I think it's pretty clear that this is a middle-income housing initiative,'' said Harry DeRienzo, vice president of the Consumer-Farmer Foundation, a nonprofit group involved in housing.
Our salespeople are already being swamped with calls from women asking when we'll have some things they can buy.''
For Mr. Sisulu the day marked another kind of milestone.
Savimbi, who is linked in the minds of many black Africans with his principal backer, South Africa, receives supplies through neighboring South-West Africa, also known as Namibia, the disputed territory administered by South Africa.
''Many astronomers have very marketable skills that would enable us to make a lot more money than we do if we were to switch professions,'' he said.
''Murder Ordained'' is a docudrama, prefaced with the always slippery disclaimer that ''what follows is based on a true story.''
When colleagues are simply dating or living together, there is a tendency among management to look the other way - unless, says Ronald C. Pilenzo, president of the personnel group, ''people behave so unprofessionally that it's a slap in the face of the corporate culture.''
United does not fly to Europe, but its Apollo reservation system in the United States would provide the model for the new network.
Miss Butcher, born in Fredonia, Kan., moved to Chicago with her family when she was a child and graduated from the University of Chicago in 1910.
For anyone who hates to punch in the program in the usual way - with the likelihood of confusion and error - the new bar-code method is a boon.
It is expected to begin operation by mid-1989.
A prison spokesman, Greg Bogdan, said Mr. Busic apparently hid in a crawl space above the ceiling of the prison gymnasium, then broke through a wall and lowered himself into a recreation yard.
Mr. Morano and other officials are worried about the settlement of Monday's and Tuesday's trading because the huge volume on those days produced an abnormally high number of questionable trades.
With Mr. Mulroney struggling simultaneously against a new corruption scandal in his administration, his advisers saw the Bush meeting as an opportunity to recoup.
Most bikers stop at intersections (having already passed through the crosswalk) only to avoid being hit by a car.
Harry Whittaker Sheppard makes films, dances and choreographs.
His father is the chairman and chief executive officer of the E. B. Wilson public-relations company in New York.
Crazy Eddie Inc., the electronics retailer, disclosed today that it is the subject of two Federal investigations - a grand jury inquiry into certain of the company's business practices and a separate investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
In contrast to her peers, Martha Clarke's work is distinctive in its passion, its use of movement, its brevity (each piece has run not more than one hour) and its concern with art and culture.
* Champion International Corp., Stamford, Conn., a paper and wood products company, said it had agreed to sell its Morton, Wash., sawmill and veneer plant for an undisclosed amount to WTD Industries of Portland, Ore. * Fortune Systems Corp., Redwood City, Calif., said it had agreed to sell its microcomputer business, including its research and development, manufacturing, sales, marketing and support functions, to SCI Systems Inc. * Gencorp Inc., Akron, Ohio, said about 22.6 million shares of its common stock had been tendered as of yesterday, following the company's offer to buy up to 12.5 million of its outstanding shares at $130 a share.
''Both my parents are dead,'' Ms. Bartlett said.
The route from here to the Starrucca Viaduct (inquiry about its whereabouts produces the information that it is ''up the road a piece, maybe 8 or 10 miles'') passes through primitive pasture land dotted with rusting machinery and deserted, tumbledown houses.
But we're having this - we're all of us studying this and we haven't arrived at a decision or to set a date yet.
We were seated at one end of the reception room where the furnishings were entirely modern while at the other stood a set of red lacquer furniture of the Qing dynasty complete with overhanging peacock fans.
At the pagoda, surrounded by fruitful orchards, gardens and groves of the mimosa trees that are a hallmark of Dalat, Hue Thanh, a nun who is nearing 70, said that in any case, people in religious orders are not the best sources of worldly information.
Courtroom Is Filled The four teen-agers in court yesterday, dressed in gray suits, their dark hair neatly trimmed, sat next to their lawyers at the defense table as Justice Thomas A. Demakos began questioning potential jurors.
When the Twins took a 10-0 lead the following night, Gardner considered an early removal of his pitcher, Frank Viola, in anticipation of a possible one-game playoff with Kansas City.
Twenty Impressionist and modern artworks from the collection of Baron Lambert, who is stepping down as chairman of the Groupe Bruxelles Lambert in Belgium, are to be auctioned at Christie's Tuesday at 7 P.M.
Then the cheers turned to tears.
Mr. Saunders was not among those charged.
The screenplay, by the talented writer, director and actor David Leland (who co-wrote ''Mona Lisa''), also focuses on the comic aspects of Christine's career.
''But two weeks is considered a severe coma, and the longer the coma the worse the expectation.
After years on the budget and appropriations committee, she decided to make a run for state treasurer.
If the Broncos can win that one, they will be in the Super Bowl for the first time since January 1978, when they lost to the Dallas Cowboys.
The question is whether the stock market collapse in October will mean a downturn in the business.
''I expressed our disappointment,'' Mr. Arad said of the American criticism.
The Great Northern Nekoosa Corporation, a paper company, has signed a lease for a little less than 3,000 square feet of space in the first building.
Was his motive a practical joke gone out of control, sweet revenge against gullible enemies, the impatient act of a theorist who believed such a fossil had to exist?
Mr. Cohen, regarded in the field as one of the earliest and brightest players - he taught Chinese law at Harvard Law School for 17 years, wrote a book on the subject and speaks Mandarin, a Chinese dialect - declined to name any of his firm's clients.
Troops Arrived in February Some 7,000 Syrian soldiers arrived in mainly Moslem West Beirut in February and ended six days of bitter fighting between rival militiamen.
'Knew I'd Succeed' Mr. Wilkinson got his start in business with a second-hand book store in Lexington.
'Death Penalty' Declared After his killing, which has never been solved, a letter was received at a Vietnamese newspaper in Garden Grove announcing that the organization had decided to ''declare the death penalty'' against Mr. Lam and that the killing had been carried out by a member of the group in San Francisco.
Since the late 1970's, certificates have subsidized the rent of more than 800,000 tenants nationwide.
Rock County has placed a lien against a woman's estate because it says she owed $100.21 for public assistance received in the Depression.
Addressing the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People on the final day of its 78th annual convention in Manhattan, Mr. Baker acknowledged that he was reluctant to bring his message before the group, which has vowed to use all of its resources to stop the Bork nomination.
Questions of general interest will be answered in this column; unpublished letters cannot be answered individually.
But this was all planned some time ago.
With that, she threw her greasy dishtowel on the counter and stalked off to the back of the shop where she furiously puffed on a cigarette and ranted and raved to the short-order cook.
When the Legislature is in session, the Coalition is represented in Albany by James Garst, a registered lobbyist.
Starring Charles Boyer and Danielle Darrieux, it is the story, in French with English subtitles, of Crown Prince Rudolph of Austria, heir to the Hapsburg throne, and his love affair with a commoner in Vienna of the 1880's.
Judge Meyerson ordered him to participate in an alcohol and drug abuse program, but his mother said he quit after a couple of sessions.
An accident can change your life.''
That vision is entirely characteristic.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*DEL-VAL FINANCIAL CORP (AMEX) Qtr to Dec 31 1986 1985 Net inc 1,410,000 1,450,000 Share earns .45 .47 Yr net inc 5,595,000 5,593,000 Share earns 1.80 1.80 View Full Article in Timesmachine »
In December 1975, two neurochemists, John Hughes and Hans Kosterlitz, published the formulas for two such substances extracted from pig brains.
Bradley's 'Internal Clock' Mr. Biden, referring to Mr. Bradley's repeated statements that he does not regard himself as ready to run, praised the New Jersey Senator's ''internal clock'' and said he hoped it would keep him on schedule for a Presidential candidacy - in 1996.
But when stripped down to his boxing trunks, Hunter struck the actor as a real talent.
Wise graduated with a bachelor's degree from Furman University in Greenville, S. C., in 1950, and then received his master's and Ph.
If some exorcism is taking place, as we must finally suspect, then the writer should be learning, as perhaps she has, that a view out the window is better for fiction than a shuttered room.
Moreover, this camcorder also has such refinements as automatic ''white balance'' (to obtain correct colors under different light conditions) as well as a switch for shooting against the light.
International A2-6, A8-9 Black miners ended their strike in South Africa after three weeks.
The official said that the policy decision will mean that Mr. Reagan will avoid making detailed statements on Iran, such as his most recent one in a radio address on Dec. 6.
If I do, there goes my career.''
A Federal court ruling on Thursday barring the seven regional telephone companies from the design or manufacture of telecommunications products could become a major obstacle to their plans to develop proprietary technologies.
Instead of pointing the rifle barrel up into the air as I ought to have done, I held it parallel to the ground.
Thus, it is familiar to companies that are looking for a computer that can serve small departments and work groups, without rewriting the millions of lines of software code many of these companies use for their mainframes.
And with ice floes clogging the bay and the wind-chill factor hovering around 0, Port Washington is less likely to be compared to Old Lyme than to Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan.
The spokesman did not give any details on the two small girls, except to say they spoke Hebrew.
The film also features Switzerland's famous chocolate and cheese industries.
Mr. McNair's survivors have filed suit against Thiokol.
''One of the most important things we can do is get the recruits' mindset on driving safety,'' Captain DiRienzo said, his patrol car trailing a recruit who was driving at 15 miles an hour in a Brooklyn neighborhood.
''I was a lonely child who had all kinds of fantasies and dreams of what I was going to be someday, and because I got no encouragement from my family, I went in quest of it on my own,'' she says.
42 A different version of the events leading up to the arrest of Larry Davis, the 21-year-old Bronx man accused of killing four suspected drug dealers last year, has emerged in State Supreme Court.
Season to taste with salt, lemon juice, pepper and pepper sauce.
He sells a modern reproduction for $250.
''He had a day today,'' Piniella said.
''Until the Lebanese move to rid their country of the type of brutal anarchy now going on in the streets of West Beirut and in other parts of Lebanon,'' he said, ''they will remain isolated from the world at large.''
Over the course of a career that lasted half a century, Mr. Herman led a succession of ensembles - generally calling each one his ''Thundering Herd'' - in a wide spectrum of popular music from blues to bop to rock and beyond.
There was little time left to collect the winter's eggs and seek the warmth behind the big barn doors.
Last Wednesday, the chairwoman of the university faculty senate, Shirley Ullman Wedeen, said in a statement that the task force's preliminary report ''includes many constructive suggestions.''
The guidelines were adopted as ''a convenience to the industry,'' said Arthur Margon, senior vice president of the board.
Another Slaying Three months later, the racial tension that had swelled after the killing was heightened further when another white police officer fatally shot a larceny suspect, Jay Reyes, a 21-year-old Puerto Rican, who had hit the officer in the face with a rock while trying to escape from custody.
The Administration is holding off on testing a new Trident missile with 12 warheads, but there is no indication that it has seriously thought of deploying Trident submarines with fewer missiles.
''I remember catching blue crabs and sturgeon in here as a kid, but I haven't seen a sturgeon for 10 years, and there are no blue crabs or stripers around anymore, either,'' Mr.
The cast of seven stars Charles Dumas, the playwright, and the opening is scheduled for tomorrow at Theater Four, 424 West 55th Street (246-8545).
Examining him after his flight to Scotland, psychiatrists said it had almost certainly been made from a variety of motives, mostly of a ''depressive character.''
Mr. Lovejoy cited Mr. Smith's 40 years of experience with the company and his current position as a member of the executive committee as reasons for his suitability for the job.
Phillip Retzky and Mitchell Cantor, the owners of Little Rickie, stock a complete line of Elvis Presley memorabilia - clocks, statues, ''Love Me Tender'' beauty products (shampoo, conditioner, hand lotion, milk bath).
That such an idea is being talked up is a measure of the desperation hereabouts.
Take the Bath Business District exit, turn south at the lights and drive two miles, following the signs to the museum shipyard.
The notion of homogeneity implies disastrously that the problems that surround the disfavored, the ''other,'' are inevitable consequences of commingling, rather than accumulated instances of individual behavior, liable to being described in legal, ethical or moral terms.
Of the newer pieces, James De Mars's ''Seventh Healing Song of John Joseph (Blue)'' for flute and tape had an outgoing, uncomplicated charm, but far more interesting was the calm elegance of Lawrence Widdoes's ''And a Time of Rain'' written for the duo.
It will be open to all Jews, not just Orthodox.''
Two flaws on the part of the opposition, the excessive force of a rookie goalie early in the third period and an overanxious line that cost the Flyers a penalty for too many men on the ice in the game's final minute, led to the Islanders' victory.
His research, he said in Pediatrics, showed that a low-cholesterol diet appeared effective and did not affect normal growth.
Sun Jung-kuang, said the mainland appeared to be assessing whether the lifting of martial law on Taiwan in July has affected security on Quemoy.
''And that's what I'm saying today.''
''You must use a punch card at each marker as you go along to show that you were there.
''As soon as that happens, panic sets in.
Under that rule, the God question was a draw.
Mr. Ferraro said his customers are ''happy with it.''
''Moves'' is unusual because it has no accompaniment: no music, no spoken text, no sound effects.
Talks between White House and Congressional negotiators on a plan to reduce budget deficits hit a snag today, and that raised suspicions in some quarters that the President was still not committed to a compromise.
''We send bouquets to their functions and they send bouquets to ours.''
Philllps, incidentally, is still another reporter who misuses ''like,'' as in 'My legs felt like they were set in concrete.''
''He has also endorsed capital punishment.
There is no sure way to know what has crawled into pots this summer.
The assailant was convicted and sentenced to life imprisonment.
At the graduation ceremony at the University of Bridgeport in Connecticut yesterday, 1,356 students received bachelor's degrees.
Like a good student, Leonard not only listened, he accepted what Dundee told him, then went out and did it to earn the middleweight title with a split decision.
The ranch is staffed mostly by out-of-staters and seems to attract solid citizens from everywhere but the West.
There are crisp instructions on the culture of particular plants, but American gardeners will have to make selections judiciously as this book has been edited by British experts.
Derrick Coleman is an excellent basketball player who happens to be 6-9: He is not a 6-9 body who is a factor because of his size.
He said the allies were satisfied they could defend Europe without Spain then, but they should appreciate the great contribution Spain made by joining them now, though it wouldn't join in tasks ''beyond the limits of exclusively national concerns.''
''I've never tried excessively to get media attention,'' he said, referring to those issues.
According to American law enforcement officials, Mr. Walsh wants to question Mr. Schwimmer and other Israelis about their involvement in the Iran arms sales and about the actions of Reagan Administration officials who are suspects in the investigation.
How do you claim prior engagements in such a small community, when Billy calls you three weeks in advance?
Dates From the 30's The fairness doctrine, a blend of regulatory decisions, dates from the 1930's when Federal officials sought to make sure all sides of an issue were aired by the broadcasting industry, which then consisted of only a few radio stations.
Although the networks, like the league, denied any wrongdoing, the potential seriousness of the investigation was illustrated by the refusal of most officials - including some who generally do not request anonymity - to speak for attribution.
In addition, he said, the district received a $500,000 Federal grant and some funds from the Hudson County Cultural Arts Council for enrichment activities at the Vroom School, a magnet school and learning resource center for grades K through 8.
We beat Dave Dravecky in the playoff, but it wasn't enough.
This reform agreement provides for the United Nations budget to be approved by ''consensus'' in future, giving the United States an effective veto on spending as well as for cuts in staff and other changes.
The import has a South African director, Jamie Uys, and a cast of unfamiliar names - Sunday at 9 A.M. and 10:15 P.M. on Cinemax, and 8 P.M. and 1 A.M. on Bravo; Friday at 2:05 and 9 P.M. on Showtime.
And it never has been.
On the campus, more than 2,000 students signed petitions calling on Mr. urban to retract his allegations.
Programs Found to Pay Off On a dollars-and-cents basis alone, however, the consulting fees and training costs are more than justified, many companies say.
For the jazz musician interpretation is everything.
THEY WANTED SOMEONE who could write political humor, both to humanize the candidate and deflect the lingering ''character issues''; someone who could craft such resonant and pointed prose about the serious issues of the campaign that no one would miss Ronald Reagan, or, more to the point, Mario Cuomo; someone who could deliver under deadline pressure, typing on his knees on buses and airplanes, whose first draft would be quick, lyrical, readable, reliable, political and linguistically economical.
The potential gains in efficiency outweigh the risks to the competitiveness or stability of the banking system.
I'm in the hands of a master of the genre.
The battle has also reportedly caused distress in the armed forces, the President's other key political base.
The ''Stabat Mater'' will be performed on Saturday, next Monday and Oct. 13 at 8 P.M., and on Sunday at 3:30 P.M. Mr. Corrias called it ''one of the great pillars of the festival.''
Her own answer, clearly, is that the costs are unacceptable.
's game Saturday against Hartwick in Oneonta, N.Y., would dictate the fate for several teams in the region.
An attorney for United Klans declined to comment on the case today, and it was not known whether the verdict would be appealed.
The terms describe the design and mechanics of new ski lifts.
Unlike the animals that had the fibers implanted in their lungs, the animals that breathed the fiber-laden air did not develop lung tumors, he said.
The bride was presented in 1972 at the Debutante Ball of the Junior League of New York.
Not to cry over spilled milk, but both T-Max films would serve darkroom-oriented photographers better if the progress of their development could be assessed in the dark.
''To my mind it is far more important and rarer than anything else in the show,'' Dr. Sawyer commented.
''In answer to the question 'Who's responsible?'
Other variations, in addition to calling attention to specific orchestral instruments, contained references to traditional ballet forms.
At the October 5-7 meeting, LtCol North laid out a seven-step proposal for the provision of weapons and other items in exchange for Iranian influence to secure the release of all remaining U.S. hostages, the body of William Buckley, a debrief by his captors, and the release of John Pattis, a United States citizen whom the Iranians had arrested on spying charges several months earlier.
Mr. Laurents added: ''What does it matter?
The United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit upheld a lower court order requiring translations, saying fundamental rights were jeopardized when Hispanic members could not participate in union policy discussions.
In the process, Mrs. Morgan explained, a book is cut 30 to 50 percent.
Mr. Donovan said that repair crews were able to restore power to two of the three lines by about 9:30 P.M. and that they would work through the night to insure that all three lines were in operation by this morning.
And apparently it's me, because I've taken a very firm stand, a very positive stand, in terms of protecting the constitutional and contractual rights of police officers.''
He also acknowledged pressure from some of the more populous OPEC members that want higher prices to increase their revenues.
One 23-year-old customer said he was bald by his 16th birthday.
What will the Government do to redress them?
One of its briefs in the case reminds us that freedom means freedom for unpopular causes.
No matter the origin, the message conveyed is usually something like this: ''Hi, I'm Joan and I'm a very respectable advertising copywriter.
''Well, life is not fair,'' he said when asked about the perils of coaching a replacement team.
The umpire raised his right hand slowly to indicate a strike - so slowly that he gave the impression of someone wondering exactly what evidence he himself was working on.
Township officials had hoped to see real estate bought quickly by developers who would build offices and stores, creating jobs.
It was, Mr. Wright said, ''a very positive step.''
The quality of faculty or the atmosphere surrounding an institution are difficult things to measure.
''But I never thought I'd get this far!''
Union sources said that allowing the parent to keep such desirable parts of the company would encourage Mr. Acker and the board to support a Kerkorian takeover of the airline.
That witness, Nicholas Platt, testified two weeks ago that there is no official record of such a Presidential letter.
Casey Retirement a Setback But the Iran-contra affair has dampened enthusiasm in the Administration for such moves, several officials agreed in interviews.
However, Elizabeth Hunter is being nearsighted if she doesn't see many flaws.
Men 18 through 25 years of age must register with the Selective Service System.
The agreement includes a long-term contract for the continued printing of Parade magazine, with a value of $1 billion.
Rob isn't even impressed when employees sing collectively in parking lots.
That's what farmers are asking.''
The House has also passed a similar amendment.
That's what they look for in a pro's game and that's what the women out here making a living can do.
Canton, Conn. $170,000 121 Cherrybrook Road 3-bedroom, 2-bath, 11-year-old contemporary; secluded, 0.5 acre; taxes $2,182.
On this occasion, for example, Ms. Beebe forgot the sourdough French bread, necessitating a run to the nearest market.
Some Federal and state prosecutors are also concerned that such assertions may evoke sympathy among Cuban-Americans on juries here becuse some members of the large Cuban community here believe that helping the contras militarily is worthwhile, regardless of the method.
Except for Linda Evans as an American woman facing the Australian outback in ''The Last Frontier,'' ratings for these special events have ranged from disastrous (''George Washington: The Forging of a Nation'') to mediocre (''A Year in the Life.'')
Over at customs, Adele and Martin Fiderer of Scarsdale, N.Y., said they had expected a tedious wait in line.
I deserve to be treated better.''
The Cure, after detailing a lover's attributes, ask ''Why Can't I Be You?''
''First, there was a tremendous amount of visibility publicly; everyone was talking about the United States, the 'Great Satan,' and he's coming into the gulf.
''We score all our goals from in close, and they're scoring from 25 feet.
There are eight stick sculptures in all, generally between two and three feet tall, installed near the drawings from which they came.
'Ticklish Aspect of Reform' Jerzy Urban, a Government spokesman, described the proposed increases as ''the most delicate and most ticklish aspect of the reform.''
The Navy has commissioned its first new minesweeper, the Avenger, since the Korean War.
What is the best way to show the elements, to make a good picture, to be graphic?'
At dinner with Mr. Kemp and his wife, Joanne, Dr. Kirkpatrick told them she would not endorse a candidate.
George Washington was inaugurated at Federal Hall in the shadow of one of the earliest paintings of the American eagle, a work hanging today at St. Paul's Chapel, Broadway at Fulton Street.
Golf moves to the forefront from Aug. 16 to 18 during the Fred Meyer Challenge (503-227-2828).
agent convicted of smuggling arms to Libya.
Some reliance on loans makes sense.
''A zigzag route may be unavoidable.
Dr. Linkow practices in New York and is a professor of dentistry at three universities.
Once the movie is completed, ''The World According to Me!''
Jeff Romano is strong as the unhappy son, Oswald, whose life is being destroyed by his father's way of life, and Laura Lane is fine as the cold, calculating Regine.
We've got a lot of good players.''
Garrett's controversial, high-powered style was not considered suitable for a struggling Ivy League program unable to offer scholarships.
Japan's Finance Minister, Kiichi Miyazawa, today suggested establishing global ''risk insurance'' for foreign loans and a system to help debtor nations, the Kyodo News Service reported.
He once said all that could defeat him was to be found in bed ''with a live boy or a dead girl.''
Periodically there are rumors that the company might replace Willow Bay.
The valises also contained Mom's hamburgers (fried with onions) and plenty of fruit.
Studies by Dr. Everett Smith of the University of Wisconsin, for example, have shown that even elderly women can gain bone mass if they start exercising.
Just then, a young man, on his way to have fun at a nearby brothel, drops by for a quick shave.
''Of course, we oppose it,'' said Richard Baker, a spokesman for CompuServe, which has 360,000 subscribers.
's Off Slightly The Bank Rate Monitor's national index for the week ended Tuesday reported the average yield for six-month certificates of deposit was off 5 basis points, to 7.13 percent, while the bank money market accounts, which compete with the money market mutual funds, remained unchanged, at 5.84 percent, for the second consecutive week.
c-After losses from discontinued operations of $42,247,827 for the quarter and $67,706,338 for the 6 months.
The Government says intense loyalty to the conspiracy theorist Lyndon H. LaRouche Jr. and fear that failure would lead to ostracism prompted his aides to steal more than $1 million and plot to conceal their acts.
Our wedding involved a priest and a rabbi.
But there are others who are concerned about this country.
But what about the legends of cities of the future, the cities of hope?
At first, the dollar plunged on the news, but persistent rumors of an imminent cut in Japan's discount rate helped the American currency to recover slightly and pushed up stock prices.
''Airline crews see this sort of thing all the time.''
Neither Nielsen nor Arbitron collects much data on foreign-language television.
''FAST COPY'' is an entertainment program that looks like a news program, or maybe it's the other way around.
And the President had just finished reading a book by a man named Netanyahu, who is the - presently the Israeli Ambassador to the United Nations.
At the session, Mr. Arafat was re-elected head of the P.L.O.
Zuckert apparently confided his growing resentment to another top-level executive, Marvin Lawrence Light, 46, a Montreal-born intellectual with a bottom-heavy body, who lived near Zuckert in Greenwich, Conn. Larry Light (who did not respond to numerous requests for interviews) headed the $100 million-plus global account of the Mars Inc. - makers of Kal Kan pet foods, Uncle Ben's rice and seven of the world's top-selling candies.
But Rick Rhoden gave the team its best pitching performance so far.
Since fundamentalists took control of the convention Presidency in 1979, they have slowly extended their influence to board levels, where policy is set.
''People here think the mainland is just jealous because the union failed for so long to deliver the goods to Zanzibar, but the Arabs are able to.''
''You know, I went to school in Forest Hills, and tonight it's like coming back home.''
''You're looking for something that doesn't exist,'' he says.
Franceschetti's goal came on a rebound in front of the net with Herb Raglan of St. Louis in the penalty box.
''Tenants moved little by little,'' he said.
It was said that their games were grudge matches.
The indictment, handed up April 1, charges Mr. Scarfo, 57 years old, and 11 associates with racketeering, loan sharking, attempted murder, extortion and assault, in addition to the murder and charges that they committed eight other gangland killings.
John Chabot gave Detroit a 1-0 lead at 11:19 of the first period.
He said West German imports have increased at four times the rate of exports in the last 18 months.
To the Editor: Your report on the Federal Bureau of Investigation's request to librarians ''to watch for and report on library users who might be diplomats of hostile powers'' (front page, Sept. 18) left me perplexed and even amused.
The report stems from a visit by three United Nations-appointed officials, from Austria, Ghana and India, to Lusaka, Zambia, from Aug. 8 through 15 of last year.
Another prominent New York banker who is also a Citicorp competitor said, ''This would give Citicorp access to the expertise in Japan that it needs.
Exxon, Mobil and Chevron could also be active bidders, according to Bryan Jacoboski, an analyst at Paine Webber Inc. Today, Pennzoil ranks No.
The Dow Jones industrial average declined 16.58 points, to 1,946.95.
''You have to ask yourself, are we talking about Boland one, Boland two, Boland three, Boland four, Boland five?''
In her introduction, Ms. Beattie says she looks for stories that surprise her - yet the majority of these authors might disown such a primitive effect.
The current parliamentarian, Robert B. Dove, is something of a fixture in the Senate after 20 years' service, first as an assistant and then as chief parliamentarian since 1981.
MIPS does not release revenues or earnings figures, but Mr. Miller said the company was shipping products to a large number of manufacturers.
The pantry shelves in her restored farmhouse are lined with the fruits of her labors - home-made currant jelly, shallots preserved in vinegar - reinforcing her use-what-you-grow philosophy.
Another series of prints is based on the Sicilian landscape.
We are being left behind in expanding East-West relations in Europe and East Asia.
The biggest problem may be choosing one.
This week, the documentary will be shown at the Wadsworth Atheneum in Hartford and she will perform with the Hartford Symphony.
He graduated from the Hawken School and Allegheny College.
The 29-year-old Edwards has a powerful, aggressive, offense, and the 26-year-old Talbot, who is superbly conditioned, is a master of patient retrieving and consistency.
(When money talks, it doesn't have to scream.)
Doug Sisk relieved and walked Andres Galarraga.
Sources with knowledge of the investigation said yesterday that officials of Britain's Department of Trade and Industry visited Mr. Vaskevitch's London home late Wednesday and spoke to him.
But the quaarterback sacks this season have come from the Jets' linebackers and a rookie nose tackle, all of whom are on strike.
Computer tabulations made by an anti-Government group called the National Coalition for Democracy reportedly showed vote totals different from the official figures.
Long distance was long priced as a luxury.
The current quartet is linked by the character of Steven Weird, whom we see from pre- to post-adolescence.
For concerts, the acoustical problems remain unsolved, but the orchestra has partly circumvented them by creating three acoustically excellent rehearsal halls in an abandoned factory in Parma's outskirts.
The reason for putting your money on the buzzing B's is that there are so many of them now swarming around the greasy pole.
A mother of four says: ''I move the furniture back and the house be they outdoors.''
Robinson then threw his first delivery in the fifth behind Darwin, the leadoff batter.
Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc. has been acquitted on charges that it failed to file currency-transaction reports.
On Old Age, Old Friends Everything amuses me; everything interests me.
It had not previously been disclosed that payments might have made their way to the kidnappers holding Americans.
Stocks appear very expensive on the basis of high price-earnings ratios.''
''No news is good news for Bush,'' said Haley Barbour, a Mississippi lawyer active in party politics.
For educated, middle-class Libyans, life under Col. Muammar el-Qaddafi has become a mental and materialistic endurance test, sustained by the hope that they will outlast him or that he will change.
''My commanding officers wouldn't even talk to me,'' he said.
As Roman Werfel (editor in chief of Nowe Drogi, the leading organ of the Central Committee, from 1952 to 1959) put it, they are ''the third set of [ Polish Communist Party ] cadres,'' named so in order to stress, if not exclusively, Polish character; in other words, their Communism was linked with the authentic, although notoriously sectarian, Communist tradition in Poland.
Opponents on the Council and in neighborhood groups complained that Mr. Newman's site selections had not spread the housing equally among neighborhoods in east and north Yonkers and that committees of residents from the neighborhoods had not been convened to participate in the site selections.
If the plan is not feasible, the state will continue to pursue its plans to ship the dirt to a wildlife refuge in Jackson Township or to any other sites found to be appropriate, Mr. Dewling said.
Phil Clapham, chief cetologist at the Center for Coastal Studies in Provincetown, said that if it was the same blue whale seen twice, ''You could pass him off as just a wanderer who came south for a look at the cape.''
Israel's Labor Party, to which Mr. Rabin belongs, favors the conference.
Asked why Mr. Ortega had agreed to sign the Arias plan, an Administration aide said it was because of ''economic isolation'' and mismanagement, pressure from neighboring democracies and the military threat of the contras.
Standing too erectly, Cooper was an easy target and Williams continued peppering him with both hands.
''Without a rail line, it's unlikely the road system will accommodate all that.''
Parents kept their children indoors and school officials planned for strengthened safety programs today as the police investigated the killings of two young boys.
Others know that the ritual of getting the meat is part of the fun, and they serve a plate piled with crayfish, which turn brilliant red when they are cooked.
They have been improvised between friends and relatives, or by homosexual couples and single people, with no supervision by doctors or lawyers.
In sentiments echoed by other European leaders, the British Foreign Secretary, Sir Geoffrey Howe, proclaimed the agreement ''a profound development, a formidable achievement,''in reducing the levels of nuclear armaments in Europe.
Sometimes you will stumble on an elegant 18th-century palace built in golden stone.
10,000 Converts a Year Dr. Mayer said that as intermarriage and conversion grow, the dynamics behind conversion and the experiences of interfaith couples were increasingly important to Jewish leaders.
Ms. Oates unfortunately rushes the final episodes - we don't believe that the tangles of such a compulsive passion are so handily undone.
Actually, Parcells likes to throw in surprises, not as much as the Broncos do, but enough to upset opposing defenses.
However, at the same time, it is only logical and reasonable for us to expect that local school districts will use their own funds to meet the educational needs of the youngsters in their schools.
Apple and Fennel Soup (Adapted from Sheburne House) Preparation time: 40 minutes Cooking time: 1 hour 1 large head fennel, with as much herb as possible 2 large leeks, white part only 4 green (Granny Smith) apples 1 medium-size onion 3 medium-size zucchini, trimmed 2 large carrots, scraped and trimmed 3 ounces fresh basil, stems removed 3 ounces fresh tarragon, stems removed 1/4 pound butter 2 pints chicken stock Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste.
If his voice and audience hold out, he will wrap up his annuncing Thursday with conferences in Greenville/Spartanburg, S.C. Charleston, S.C., and Raleigh/Durham, N.C., and a speech in Philadelphia.
''They cannot, and should not, be swept aside because of an obsession with the Iranian affair.''
How easy it was .
Mr. McAuliffe, a lawyer, volunteered for the campaign, saying he had admired the Senator's efforts to block Republican judicial choices.
It is too simple, not in the right key, for novels whose characters tend to survive on the strength of their deviousness and stubborn wrongheadedness.
A producer of a standard sporting good product reported the following retail pricing variation among his major accounts for an item that he wholesales for Warehouse clubs, $120.
A few units might be leased to service-oriented stores, Mr. Kessner said.
Melt the chocolate in a double boiler and stir in the vegetable oil.
The acquisition was seen as an economical way for Chrysler to gain much-needed factory capacity - an objective that has come to look somewhat old-fashioned.
Virtually no American police agency has advocated replacing guns altogether.
Certain operations and assets of Turner Entertainment were acquired on June 6, 1986.
They were all wonderful, nostalgic songs.
Major American dealers, such as Computerland and Businessland, have declined to carry Atari machines, partly because Atari has an image as a video game company whose machines would not appeal to corporate customers.
Results are in Canadian dollars.
His slump had become a primary topic of conversation.
As I looked out of the window of the restaurant while dialing information, I saw two teen-agers looking at my car and lifting the hood.
The best way to clean the bricks is by scrubbing with TSP (trisodium phosphate) or similar strong cleaner.
Some analysts said Mr. Pickens's plan might be to acquire the shares at recent depressed prices purely as an investment.
White dolls were favored by about 65 percent of the children, black and white, the researchers said.
But Hagler hasn't fought in a while too, so that isn't much of an edge.
Casey Candaele hit a sacrifice fly off a reliever, Tim Crews, and Johnson, batting for Jeff Parrett (5-5), doubled to right to score Law and Pascual Perez, a pinch-runner.
When the Giants were preparing for the San Francisco 49ers last week, Bill Parcells walked into a meeting of his offensive linemen.
Thus, the Government is expected to focus to some extent on trading by the former Kidder officials in the stock of Unocal, in which Goldman, Sachs had been involved, and trading by Mr. Freeman in Beatrice, a deal in which Mr. Siegel had participated, according to sources with knowledge of the investigation.
''I cried with my mom,'' she recalled.
Mrs. Tyler, for example, had high praise for his handling of a bad situation.
What is left after his clearing operations is a picture quite different both from the left's nightmare of Establishment manipulation and from the right's nightmare of liberal treason.
Other National Leaguers who fanned four in an inning are George Wiltse of the New York Giants in 1906, Jim Davis (1956) and Bill Bonham (1974) of the Cubs, Joe Nuxhall (1959) and Mario Soto (1984) of the Cincinnati Reds, Pete Richert (1962) and Don Drysdale (1965) of the Los Angeles Dodgers, Bob Gibson of the St. Louis Cardinals (1966), and Phil Niekro of the Atlanta Braves (1977).
Government securities dealers expect the Treasury to announce plans for auctions of two-year, four-year and seven-year notes next week.
Mr. Goetz also said in the statement, which was made to the police in Concord, N.H., where he surrendered eight days after the incident, that the other youths had surrounded him. ''
The posters pledged to drive out Americans from South Korea and called on the people to rise up to protest the election.
This time, she had children in the box with her, and it appeared she had them join her in her unsportsmanlike conduct, as they also waved their arms.
Let's Get It Right We withhold comment on trivial program errors until we see them at least thrice; here is one ripe for a special alert.
But he's a world champion and he had to get up and do it.''
About one quarter of all shelter residents were reported to have a history of, or currently manifesting a serious mental disorder.
And in most cases, the room rate is the same for single or double occupancy.
So, too, Paris police records about prostitution tell us about social life.
Two men representing potential defense syndicates were at the news conference.
''In our job, we have to see justice is done,'' the prosecutor handling the case, Cathy Fleming, said.
Although the average salary at the Ilinden enterprise is the equivalent of only $55 a month, the enterprise lacks the money to pay even that, the newspaper said.
'There Is No Crack Here' According to students and security personnel, the school does not have a serious drug problem, at least one that is out of proportion with an average American high school today.
Beneath the expansive roof of the Spencer house, the walls step back and forth, leaving open large outdoor porches around the house -a place, it seems, for the simpler pastimes, like watching grapes ripen.
The dollar fell again yesterday and bond prices, in turn, dropped sharply, with 30-year Treasuries closing with a yield of about 9.44 percent yield.
STERLING JOHNSON JR. 'This is the Wrong Message to Give' Question.
So then Miss Sunshine, Ms. Lambert and Mr. Bejan mulled over possible beneficiaries.
And in his wonderful new album, ''Tunnel of Love,'' Bruce Springsteen examines commitment to a relationship from a grown-up perspective.
Carlucci has moved quickly to make the N.S.C.
In Bergen County, known for its Revolutionary War sites, one story, according to Frederick W. Bogert of Paramus, past president of the county's Historical Society, involves a group of Hessian soldiers.
Filmed very effectively in black and white, ''Illusions'' wanders provocatively through cultural and racial thickets.
Second, once the issues of strategy are resolved, the structure of military programs will have to be tailored to match the revised objectives.
In the meantime, the developer, Mortimer B. Zuckerman, has said he would proceed with revised plans for offices and apartments at the site.
Drain and pat dry with paper towels.
''It didn't take long to figure out,'' he said, ''that if I didn't move, I'd fry.''
Last year a similar but tougher version was approved, 295 to 115.
At the same time, Radnor Township police said they would open an investigation into drug sales on the campus.
The museum's exhibition to celebrate the bicentennial of the Constitution, Mr. Kennedy said, will examine the forced internment in camps of Americans of Japanese descent on the West Coast in World War II.
Tacit cooperation by OPEC's most powerful competitors helped raise prices from their low point and steady them at around $18 a barrel until about three months ago, when discounting and overproduction began to take its toll on oil prices.
''Why was it turned down by three other centers?
The baby boom's babies are supposed to turn back the clock, never easy when the hands are racing forward as they tend to do at 21.
Dave Schmidt, a relief pitcher, became a free agent when the Chicago White Sox did not tender him a contract.
Or sometimes the biographer may decide to let discretion triumph over disclosure.
''It's a very good opportunity to combine culture with tourism,'' Mr. Sultan said.
The Chimneys' Message At the moment of her arrival, she said, she believed that Auschwitz was a work camp and did not realize that the large majority not selected to work would go directly to the gas chambers.
Whether the Super Bowl lived up to its hype is of little consequence.
As a young man he dreamed of performing, but recognized early on that ''I was too self-conscious to play before others.''
''That is the goal here - to find out what Cavalli was thinking when he composed 'Giasone' and bring his ideas, as best we possibly can, to our audience.''
And, incidentally, it provides an unusually generous display case for fine black talent, in front of and behind the cameras.
But last Sunday the name of Ron Hunt surfaced again when Don Baylor of the Boston Red Sox was whomped by a pitch for the 244th time in his career, breaking Hunt's major-league record.
''I prefer to sacrifice practicality,'' he said.
* Prices so low, it's insane.
As handsomely as the film has been photographed by Vittorio Storaro, it never develops a memorable visual style or even a sharp sense of place.
The Texas Air Corporation agreed to acquire 50 percent of Bar Harbor Airlines and arrange for the sale of Provincetown-Boston Airline Inc. to Bar Harbor, officials said.
''Crown Center retailing was alone in the central city too long,'' he said.
But the number of apartments affected fell a bit - 72,300 in 1986 against 75,600 the year before.
Faced with such a sufferer, exorcism seemed both necessary and compassionate.
Although the affluent would presumably lose the most in a stock market decline, sales of luxury models equaled or outperformed the overall car market.
The Yankees, however, found the key to a trade, agreeing to give Seattle what a source said was $1 million to help defray the expense of the salaries.
Pennzoil closed at $68.50, off 25 cents for the week.
They use the Rhine both as a dump for waste water, and a source for clean water to use for cooling and as an ingredient.
In a search warrant obtained to collect records from Mr. Freeman's office in February, the Government also alleged that Mr. Freeman told Mr. Siegel he had created ''padded'' research files on stocks in which he traded illegally, so it would appear that the trades were based on legal information.
''I remember the players and their wives, circling the field, all of us cheering from the stands,'' Grandpa will say.
'' ''The sharks are in a feedng frenzy,'' he said of the press, ''but the blood is just not in the water.''
More common, they say, is what happened recently at a three-building complex in Queens known as Briarwood Gardens.
On the Big Board, 1,139 shares gained and 502 fell.
THE New York City Ballet offered fine performances of three major works by George Balanchine on Sunday night at the New York State Theater.
Mr. Phelps, the Los Angeles architect who created the plantlike lamps, said he was influenced by the sculpture of Claes Oldenburg.
The veto threat is complicating efforts to reach agreement on $2 billion of savings in Medicare, the health care program for the elderly.
Wal-Mart said its income totaled nearly $134.1 million, or 24 cents a share, up from $95.9 million, or 17 cents a share, in the second quarter of 1986.
Before her last birthday, some people came over with a sad story.
The Alliance, which aims its appeal at middle-class suburbanites who often vote Conservative, represents the greatest potential threat to Mrs. Thatcher.
But there are many other entertaining moments, and some excellent secondary characters.
But now, just six months later, a mixture of apathy and rebellion, resentment and apprehension, has washed across the campuses.
It shows that the increase in civil filings since then has stemmed mainly from contract disputes, personal injuries and complaints from Federal prisoners.
She will study for a master's degree at the International Graduate School of the University of Stockholm.
''If I have a fashion credo,'' he once said, ''it's this: To make women look as beautiful as possible.''
Mr. Baume added: ''I have nothing against Rupert Murdoch.
Years later, before an audience gathered in the elegant reception room of the National Museum of American History in Washington, Jacob Rabinow shows off the original model, repeatedly metamorphosing it from book to stool and back again, to smiles and nods of appreciation.
The net income of the doctors ranges from $60,000 to $160,000 a year, ''with the low men on the totem pole being the pediatricians, and surgery and obstetrics generating the largest fees,'' according to the group president Jim Hanway.
The economy here is a major feather for the cap that claims it.
Seeds for some of the unusual varieties are supplied by Le Marche Seeds International in Dixon, Calif., a five-year-old company whose business has doubled every year, with sales of $250,000 anticipated this year.
Research facilities have generally been made available only in academic incubators.
It ignored American objections to the spending package as well as American demands that the budget should be approved unanimously, in line with the changes approved last year.
''To identify blacks as the perpetrators of street crimes is just as dumb as to identify Jewish people as perpetrators of Wall Street or political crimes.''
His consistency allowed Dave Johnson, the Met manager, to be able to say, ''I now have a healthy Sid Fernandez.
Brokerage stocks are cold despite the hot stock market but may perk up or attract takeover attention.
The chain grew gradually in the next three decades.
Jerzy Urban, the Government spokesman who first disclosed Mr. Kuklinski's existence last June, said this week that he would comment next Tuesday on the Kultura article, which was in the form of an interview.
When the dollar is down, American exports are cheaper and foreign imports are more expensive.
He pointed out to a New York Times interviewer a few years ago, for example, that after Stalin died in 1953, specialists on Soviet affairs dismissed Nikita S. Khrushchev as ''a faceless bureaucrat'' and predicted the elevation of Georgi M. Malenkov, Shortly after these predictions, Mr. Khrushchev became General Secretary of the Communist Party.
It's opened up a whole new territory for me.''
The spade nine was finessed successfully, and the club jack was led.
And what about the jockeys?
The Temple schedule is difficult with only four home games.
State officials estimate that there is as much as 140 curies of radium, a quantity that experts say is an extraordinarily large and well in excess of the state maximum of 100 curies.
''So his name is now Leo and he loves it.''
This reflected the business as a whole, he said.
Le Carnaval de Quebec, the winter carnival, will also include an appearance by the Red Army Chorus, plus the rock group Autograph, which participated in the Live Aid concert in 1985 to raise funds for famine relief.
The program made no mention of the Soviet Union's rejection of an exchange of televised New Year's greetings between President Reagan and the Soviet leader, Mikhail S. Gorbachev.
How many times do you have to read the following sentence to understand it?
While the Haitian Government will try to prove that these funds were illegally exported, Mr. Colin said he did not know where they are now.
And they keep on kidnapping and bombing.
The 286 participants in this year's program are estimated to have saved more than $38.6 million in 1986.
People need health care, medicine, food.
It was the Dolphins who roared out into this windswept stadium.
Along with their two sons, daughter, grandson, four dogs and a cat, the Pierces arrive the day after Christmas and stay till after New Year's.
The First Republicbank Corporation said today that it had increased reserves for potential losses from loans to developing countries by $325 million in the second quarter, producing a loss of $313.2 million for the period.
I had to go to the dictionary to learn that a ''sept'' is a clan, to ''gralloch'' a deer is to disembowel it and that Michaelmas is Sept. 29.
A native of Chicago, Mr. King holds a bachelor's degree in finance from the University of Southern California and a master's degree in finance from New York University.
If alternatives are first used for nondangerous offenders, the public can be protected by incarcerating offenders who pose a genuine threat.
The boy's father said he had heard that there had been a second incident at another private school recently but that he knew no details.
The exact relationship between Colonel North and Mr. Casey will be impossible to confirm because Mr. Casey died earlier this month; Mr. North, who is not scheduled to testify till June, has so far kept silent, pleading his constitutional right against self-incrimination.
Craig Journal Living in Dread of Turning Into a Ghost Town By THOMAS J. KNUDSON CRAIG, Colo. -Slowly, David Simpson ticked off the list of casualties.
Others recalled the moonlight cruises that gave teen-agers a place to court.
If it's a quarter-note B flat, we usually hear a quarter note - unless the performer's phrasing results in its distension or contraction.
Expose: ''Let Me Be the One.''
As a result, Southeast Asians have been subjected to crimes often described as ''very vicious.''
One inning later, Andre Dawson lashed a double against the center-field fence, and the Cubs led by two.
If there is any indication of how the case may be decided, it could increase or decrease pressure on the two companies to negotiate a deal.
The fish are generally scooped up in a net, with the fisherman bagging at least one if not many more in a single swoop.
Other likely starters are the 3-year-olds Polish Navy, Gone West and Gulch, and the older horses Creme Fraiche, Bordeaux Bob, Moment of Hope and Proud Debonair.
This is an opportunity to send a clear message to the owners and players: Without a market - i.e., the fans - the media is not interested in your product, and without the media, you're finished.
Some Turks say the navigation is tricky, confronting treacherous channels through reefs of geography, ideology, religion and culture.
Beats there a heart so hard that it can be against Columbia?
But the process could take three or four months, said Bonnie Sims, a personnel officer for the district's magnet schools.
Prick the chicken pieces with the prongs of a fork, season with salt and lemon juice and let sit for half an hour.
But given the extreme blandness of mainstream radio, college stations are likely to react with equal extremism, playing nothing but fringe material and obscurities.
It experienced many problems related to manpower training, consolidation of its economic independence and economic revival.
He writes beautifully about other aspects of the silents, too: about their storytelling power, and about the music that was an essential part of them (for of course they were not really silent at all - when Mr. Powell saw Pola Negri in ''The Spanish Dancer,'' for example, ''it was in a flea-pit in Nice in 1926 with a six-piece orchestra, and that wasn't even a first run!'').
Dominated by mountains, crisscrossed by rivers, it is said by admirers to be one of the last spots on earth where nature remains so unspoiled, although they also say its people have one of the lowest per capita incomes in the Caribbean.
14 14 2 THE SPY WORE RED, by Aline, Countess of Romanones.
Working Woman, which has reached 850,000 circulation, is preparing to spin off a line extension titled Working Woman Weekends, which will handle the less serious side of today's busy female strivers.
A Visual Parallel From the catacomb of the Via Latina, for example, we see a painting of Jesus raising Lazarus from the dead as the disciples look on.
Reagan Administration officials hope that the involvement of so many different allies will bolster their case for a high-level Cocom meeting to coordinate a tightening of enforcement in return for American concessions to pare the list of restricted technologies.
These include expanding naval forces in the region, an Administration official said.
The rejection of Mr. Duarte's request is likely to intensify interest in legislative proposals to defer the deportation of Salvadorans.
For most of us, it is difficult to conceive of anything beyond a hundred thousand, or if we really concentrate, a million.
Aside from its excess of substantiation for arguments both underdeveloped and received, there is a curiously self-referential quality to this book.
It is hard to quote much of her early writing here: her usual expletives could hardly be Acceptable.
''There's a boom today in blacks in the arts,'' commented Prof. Robert B. Stepto, a black scholar who directs the master's degree program in Afro-American studies at Yale University.
To reinstitute it would surely offend the cousins and stepchildren who hope to inherit a low-rent apartment.
''We applied for membership in 1959 when we were engaged, and finally were accepted in 1966,'' said Priscilla Pode, a gentle, democratically toned opera lover who still had to wait a year to get tickets for this second and final cycle of ''Porgy.''
But it will not happen before the Shultz trip.
His brother received none of the huge proceeds from that contrivance, even though Roy's role in the Disneys' business (he managed the finances while Walt made the movies) was critical.
The arguments could be rescheduled after the Supreme Court vacancy is filled.
What follows, while far from comprehensive, is a selection of some of the better materials.
He criticized some members of the Senate Judciary committee who have already indicated how they plan to vote, saying the process ''is not supposed to be a forum for partisan posturing.''
Richard Viguerie, the conservative organizer, said the affair was a measure of the distance traveled by his movement.
Interbrand also uses computers to generate names and, indeed, this was how it came up with the name Priazzo for a new pie from Pizza Hut.
HOTELS AND DINING ALONG THE ROUTE Merida Hotel Merida Mision, 491 Calle 60; telephone, 395-00.
James Wilson, one of the young, unemployed men passing time on the corner, said he sometimes thought of moving to another town but did not know where he would go, or what he could do.
Drama has been the chief victim of ever-increasing production and ticket costs on Broadway.
Mr. Wright replied that the measure ''is not budget-busting legislation by any stretch of the imagination.''
A committee drives 40 miles each January to Verdun, a Montreal suburb, and selects several bands that audition for the festivities.
Judge Nolan could serve out his Civil Court term, which expires Dec. 31, 1992; Judge Louis Grossman of the same court could finish his term, which expires Dec. 31, 1988, and Judge Barbara Kaiser of Family Court in Westchester County could finish her term, which expires Dec. 31, 1992.
Instead of worrying about throwing pictures out, a curator usually faces the problem of deciding which pictures to acquire.
For nearly 20 years, the Venetian architect Gaetano Pesce, 48 years old, has been one of modern furniture design's greatest visionaries and innovators.
Enormous corporate interests were already at stake.
Mr. Macdonald, rebuffing an offer by TransCanada Pipelines Ltd., said that Dome had received an offer from another ''substantial company'' and was talking with a third potential buyer.
Indeed, they have mastered the art of selling just enough discount tickets to keep their seats filled, while getting higher prices for the rest.
Alluding to the policy of no-cars-allowed in the Pines, Gary W. Stluka, a 36-year-old architect who owns a home on Tarpon Walk with his wife and three children, said that ''if you normally drive a Rolls-Royce, no one knows it here.''
Lawmakers from the Northeast, where America's footwear and apparel industry is concentrated, and those from the South, where textiles and apparel manufacturing are dominant, argued that their regional economies had been devastated by the flood of imports over the past decade and that legislation was the last hope to keep their industries alive.
The soil is a living thing.
''We try to fit the cat to the family, and we do take back those we adopt out if the situation doesn't work,'' Mrs. Davis said.
When we leave the park, we all feel a lot better.''
Role for Commercial Banks But even if additional public money is applied to the debt crisis, participation by the commercial banks will still be necessary.
After calling upon those at mass to refrain from placing blame, he sent a message to those contemplating visiting Puerto Rico, saying they would be welcome and should not let the disaster deter them.
Some of the biggest losses among individual issues yesterday occurred in the technology sector.
Laws should deal with those who clearly do not give a damn about others - prostitutes and drug addicts passing needles from arm to arm.
Assets of the nation's 379 money market mutual funds increased $43.4 million, to $237.34 billion, for the week ended Wednesday, the Investment Company Institute said yesterday.
As soon as the Cardinal starter falters, Johnson knows that Herzog will have Rick Horton warming up.
In today's announcement, Hughes said that it had negotiated changes in the decree to eliminate certain previously unacceptable requirements.
The art of arbitrage could be endangered by the scandal, some traders fear, because the Government appears intent on stopping the flow of inside information.
But I don't think he's there in his mind yet.''
Based on United Jersey's closing price of $27.50 a share on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday, the deal would have a value of about $250 million.
Thai cuisine features a number of curries that use some of the same spices as those in Indian curries.
Elusive title aside, this is a remarkably inventive first novel, narrated in the first-person voice of a curmudgeonly old angler whose wife of 53 years, his own Parmacheene Belle, has just died.
The dramatization may indeed rely on informal notes by American delegates; the Soviet sources seem to have supplied only extracts from official transcripts.
Mr. Armour said that he expected Mr. Seib to travel to the United States soon, but that he had no information about Mr. Seib's immediate intentions, other than that he sought ''to get out of the limelight for a little bit.''
And unlike a court proceeding, where a judge or a jury generally returns a verdict for one side or the other, mediation can result in solutions tailored to the needs of both parties.
With new cars in their garages and new VCRs in their family rooms, Americans are less interested in shopping than they have been for years.
Mr. Neglia's attorney, Kevin McGovern, declined comment.
Yes, the International Trade Commission found that material harm had been done to the domestic grower.
Spruce Run has a quarter-mile bathing beach with a bathhouse and a children's wading pool.
She knows better than to think that happy families fill all those bright rooms because her married friends tell her otherwise, as do authorities as diverse as Masters and Johnson and Irving Berlin.
''Obviously it's beneficial to have been a lawyer.
I like to be the king of the mountain.''
In the hottest field for research -finding new catalysts for the refining of petroleum into gasoline - molecular engineering has all but replaced traditional research methods, according to Warren Letzsch, director of sales and technical services for Katalistik, which manufactures catalysts.
''But if labor disputes get worse through agitation of impure forces, we will have no choice but to get involved, and we will enforce the law.''
All major cities have rental shops, and some 25 outlets in various areas are listed in a new edition of Britain Cycling, a brochure available free from the British Tourist Authority (40 West 57th Street, New York, N.Y. 10019).
Jeanne Auerbach, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Gerald Auerbach of Essex Fells, N.J., was married last night to Dr. Jeffrey Lewis Cohen, the son of Mr. and Mrs. Harvey Cohen of Forest Hills, Queens.
''Put 10 black people on line and you get a variety of different hues,'' she said.
Some are selling papal videocassette tapes and altar carpeting.
Avoiding the Rules: A Plan for Planes One example, according to documents on file at a Washington-based organization called the National Security Archives, was Operaton Elephant Herd.
''I'm not satisfied with the progress being made'' in modernizing the air traffic control system, he says.
Stanley M. Friedman Convicted Former Bronx Democratic leader A major stockholder in Citisource Inc., which won a $22.7 million contract for city traffic agents' hand-held computers.
A nine-month town moratorium on water hookups in the Mitchel Field area, where the hotel is situated, was lifted in August.
The Disney executives, Mrs. Meyer added, ''are getting entrepreneurial rewards without the commensurate financial risks of starting a company themselves.''
The Navy counters that it lacks the ships to cope with the Soviet fleet once dispersed, so it would have to fight the battle for the Atlantic in the Norwegian Sea.
He opposed affirmative action because he saw it as reverse discrimination, and he opposed the use of violence because he believed in the moral virtue of nonviolent protest.
(More on ''early birds'' later.)
A kick-off ceremony for the ''Let's Fight AIDS Together'' program is scheduled for this morning at Staten Island Borough Hall.
Yesterday morning, however, the Senator's office said that the caller was mistaken, that Mr. Moynihan, a former Harvard professor, had indeed been admitted to the club.
The decision was Arizona v. Mauro, No.
Driver,'' presented last April at the American Medical Society on Alcoholism and Other Drug Dependencies and the Research Society on Alcoholism.
Bolstered by buyer incentives, domestic car sales rose 12.1 percent in early August from the 1986 period, their best increase in four months, the seven domestic makers reported today.
has expelled one of its own top officials for harassing a reporter seeking to expose corruption.
Asbestos has been found to be a cause of cancer, including lung cancer, and asbestosis, a chronic disease of the lungs.
He has set a hearing for Saturday.
Justice Marshall also said attacks on critics of Judge Robert H. Bork, whose nomination for a Court seat was rejected by the Senate, were unfounded.
Poland is expected to announce early next month that it will participate in the Games, the chairman of the Polish Olympic Committee said today.
The war, Mr. Rather said, has become too dangerous to cover; Soviet agents track Western journalists.
Mr. Bonfa's nephew, the guitarist Tavio Bonfa, played unassuming, new age-style tunes with the trio as an opener.
A victory against Penn State would be the first for Syracuse against the Nittany Lions since 1970.
The Eagles' improving offense gained 471 yards (184 yards rushing) in last Sunday's 34-31 overtime victory over the New England Patriots.
I enjoyed it, and I did it because I was young and hungry and it seemed exciting.
Right now, I'm building front and back walks.
And some of the recently enlisted players indeed see themselves as fulfilling a kind of dream.
Senators Going to Gulf In another indication of Congressional concern, a three-member Senate delegation is to fly to the region this weekend on a fact-finding mission prompted by the attack on the Stark.
''I don't think this is temporary,'' said Sung Wohn Sohn, chief economist at the Norwest Corporation, the Minneapolis-based bank holding company.
Mr. Miller's tree-hunting expeditions have occasionally proved hazardous.
A large industry of add-on products for 1-2-3 evolved as other companies figured out ways to make 1-2-3 more functional or easier to use.
Show and sale of work by 130 craftspeople from around the United States.
And you tried to encourage them to get to Nicaragua and to fight to get them out of [ deleted ] ?
At least that is what those of us who follow the pop charts week after week, year after year, like to fool ourselves into believing.
From such evidence, biologists have determined that the giant squid is the world's largest invertebrate animal.
Police said they were examining the unexploded bomb for clues.
Countries joining the chemical convention would first report their weapon stocks and production plants.
Such complications at first threatened the complex metamorphosis that turned Lincoln Square into Lincoln Center.
''There is a special feeling about Easter for the Christian who has true commitment.
This year, it was 8.39 feet.
No previous strike by the five-year-old National Union of Mineworkers had lasted even 48 hours.
There was no clear indication of whom Mr. Reagan would select to replace Mr. Webster, now entering his final year of a 10-year contract to head the F.B.I.
West and East Germany formally agreed today to exchange several hundred works of art stranded on the wrong side of the border that partitioned Germany after World War II.
Mr. Giuliani, the Government's chief prosecutor, said that without Mr. Boesky's cooperation, it would have taken the Government two years to accomplish as much on its own - ''if we could have gotten to that stage.''
Several Jewish groups said yesterday that they would go ahead with plans to demonstrate against Pope John Paul II when he visits the United States next week despite the conciliatory meeting in Italy yesterday between the Pope and Jewish leaders.
Plans Long-Running Role Yet jokes are revealing in their own way.
We call for respect for the environment, but just look at the litter in our streets and parks.
In these and other novels, Mr. Read has combined high moral purpose with a weakness for melodrama and an appalling indifference to making characters believable.
(The other regular zeppelin route, between Frankfurt and Rio de Janeiro, cost more.)
''It's all the same period.''
For one thing the two new 30-second spots are almost completely done by computer animation, with the exception of a wee bit of human intrusion at the very end of each.
America selected a President for South Korea, Syngman Rhee, and Russia selected a president for North Korea, Kim Il Sung.
Last week, it sent a similar challenge by Lieut.
Meanwhile, more and more dismissed older managers, especially those with master of business administration degrees, have been contacting the universities from which they graduated.
Long ago it stopped being just The Paris Trib; it is printed now in nine places around the world, including Hong Kong and The Hague.
''You don't want to be accused of undoing the policy.''
''I don't think that's a fair question to ask a lawyer,'' he replied.
Mr. Bosworth said American policy successes here could be attributed to ''just a few very simple rules'' that include a clear analysis of the situation and an avoidance of the temptation to focus on personalities.
Mr. Beloff, Mr. Dennis said, ''was going to use his councilmanic power to hammer developers into feudal obedience,'' Mr. Dennis said.
exclusive, the chip will leave the clones holding the bag containing the old I.B.M.
More Time to Kill Some are demoralized because the frenetic pace of past years has slowed considerably.
His father is an electronics engineer for Yellow Springs Instruments.
''The Hypothesis'' by Robert Pinget, which opens the evening, also deals with obsession, but in this case it is intellectual rather than emotional.
To prevent further backdoor financing of proxy wars, Congress must respond.
The interest rate is 12 percent.
The article, printed in the Journal of the American Medical Association last November, concluded that consumers seeking low prices should look at both generic and brand-name products.
''When for 10 years one has proclaimed that one has the best system one cannot suddenly say that one is going to have secret elections because they're doing it in Moscow,'' said Ilse Spittmann, editor of the Deutschland Archiv in Cologne.
The city has also introduced a package of bills in Albany to reform the New York State Election Law.
Vichy also participated energetically in the roundup and deportation of Jews in the summer and autumn of 1942, when the victims were overwhelmingly foreigners.
Then we do evening bags in snakeskin, leathers, silks.''
Since 1939, the maximum Social Security tax has increased by more than 10,000 percent, from $60 to $6,006.
Shelley Rodes Slade, an associate at the Washington law firm of Arnold & Porter, and Mark Dobson Betts, an associate in the Washington office of the New York law firm of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom, plan to be married in April, the parents of the bride-to-be, Jarvis James Slade and Alice Patterson Slade, both of New York, have announced.
The decision to close the center was made by Army Secretary John O.
They all repeat the tale of a California woman who reviewed restaurants on a public-access channel and was invited to appear with Johnny Carson.
Add up the mums and the gasoline and the babysitting fees, and it becomes obvious that college football is big business, and not only to the universities and television networks.
Mr. Dortch was reported to have earned about $350,000 in 1985 as PTL's executive director, including bonuses of about $220,000 and a retirement account contribution of more than $80,000.
arranged to interview Bussard on May 23.
So the new floor plans resulted in a different shape for the building.''
But there are real problems, some shared by every city in the country and others unique to New York.
He suffers morbidly: ''Death is nothing to a tooth.
''But it also seems to coincide with the trend toward safe adventure, the flip side of cocooning.''
''If you're trying to figure out what's going on here, you really need to talk to a psychiatrist or maybe a fortune-teller.''
In the past, they had rented land, moving to a new plot every few of years.
However, the Columbia coach, Larry McElreavy, thought differently.
''There,'' I said to my husband, who by this time was sprawled on the kitchen floor throwing pots around with the baby.
These proceeds, plus $600 million in bank credits, would give Gencorp more than $1 billion.
Fox's eye is clearly fixed on the same bottom line that governs the rest of commercial broadcasting.
Tissue samples were insufficient to test for the presence of drugs.
The possibility of decreased revenues could have a sharp impact on the league's pending negotiations with the N.F.L.
In 1986 there were 247,000 hip fractures in the United States among people over 45, most of them due to osteoporosis, according to Dr. Peck.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*WILFRED AMERICAN EDUCAIONAL (NYSE) Qtr to June 30 1987 1986 Revenue 22,604,000 22,465,000 Net inc 213,000 2,463,000 Share earns .02 .26 6mo rev 43,342,000 44,031,000 Net inc 287,000 4,715,000 Share earns .03 .50 View Full Article in Timesmachine »
He finished with a double-bogey 6 after a bogey 5 on the 17th hole where his tee shot settled on a gray sweatshirt and a bogey 6 on the long 16th hole.
Participants at a federally sponsored conference on the control of AIDS showed little support for mandatory or compulsory testing of any group for the disease.
NEW-AGE MUSIC IS OOZING TOWARD THE big time.
Speculation about the limited form of martial law, known here as garrison law, centers on Kwangju and Pusan, where some of the largest demonstrations have occurred.
Amiri Baraka, the black writer known at the time as LeRoi Jones, says in the documentary that this era in Newark's history was the ''struggle to end American apartheid'' and that violence could not have been avoided because ''where there is oppression, there is resistance.''
For the moment, the future of traditional Kabuki seems secure.
For more than three months now, as the Iran-contra affair snarled the gears of government, the decision-making process throughout the vast Federal bureaucracy has been sometimes distracted, sometimes stymied, and sometimes it moves ahead in fits and starts.
America's most prolific historian of Spain has produced what must surely become the standard work on this subject.
After years in which football success overshadowed academic neglect in the two programs, administrators say they have reassessed their place in an industry now known more for its corruption than its excellence.
Robert Lamitie, the St. Agnes parish priest for two years, said after flying to New York City last week to meet with Sanford Becker Sr., one of the executors of Miss Smith's estate.
The Ford Motor Company is negotiating to buy a 16 percent stake in Volkswagenwerk A.G. from the West German Government, according to a West German car magazine.
But he acknowledged the Administration had no specific promise from West Germany that after Mr. Hamadei's trial, he would never be part of an exchange of prisoners or hostages.
John D. McPherson, who founded the Airborne Freight Corporation and headed it for 22 years, died of cancer Saturday at Mills Memorial Hospital in San Mateo, Calif.
The ceremonies will take place in the Grand Council Chamber, an aptly named room that measures 170 by 75 feet.
One album, titled ''Clifford Brown All Stars,'' consists of two selections: ''Caravan'' and ''Autumn in New York.''
They are displayed in a somewhat narrative order, showing the author visiting his publisher, Shakespeare & Company.
Labor also resents Mr. Acker's 1984 decision to save money by unilaterally freezing payments to the union's pension fund.
Decor is simple, but romantic, with soft lights, fresh flowers and candles on each pink-clothed table, comfortable brass-backed chairs, and a staff attentive and eager to please.
But four years ago Mr. Arrington was aligned with the Alabama Democratic Conference in actively backing former Vice President Walter F. Mondale against Mr. Jackson.
Most of the Argyle production consists of industrial-grade stones rather than the sparklers that turn up at Tiffany's.
It is much less than 20 minutes by car.
Altman's was recently shown a line of sports clothes for young people that carries the label of superstar Michael Jackson.
Mr. Romann was born in Muscatine, Iowa, on Feb. 13, 1928.
Preventive medicine and improvements in living conditions have been and probably will continue to be the major sources of improvement in overall health in this country.
's can be considered dead,'' Mr. Getman said.
Los Angeles Mission, which provides beds and meals to the homeless of Skid Row, furnished no such succor today because of damage.
In 1971, on Hunt's record-shattering single-season 50th hit-by-pitch, the Cub hurler, Milt Pappas, argued that Hunt was struck by a strike, but to no avail.
He said that he was sorry for those two late appearances in Wrigley Field last week and for the critical remarks he made after Johnson had fined and benched him.
One sophomore, Walt Shea, a 19-year-old studying math and computer science, told how he first learned about sex: ''One of my parents bought a book about sex and said, 'Here, it's in there.'
''She was crying hysterically,'' he said.
He was taken to the Lutheran Medical Center, where a hospital spokesman, Jesse Gehman, said the man, who he said was 29 years old, was being treated for ''multiple lacerations.''
Termed Insensitive Early in his career Mr. Reed gained a reputation for being abrasive and insensitive as a result of the methods he used in solving the bank's serious back-office problems.
After all, the voice is the same, filled as it is with exclamation points, italicized phrases, phonetic speech, brand names, arcane nomenclature and fugue-like metaphors.
The firm folded in 1980 and Outdoorsmen's Herter's - whose address is P.O.
The drive capped a second-half comeback after the Rams had fallen behind, 24-14.
''If we beat the odds it could replace internal combustion engines in cars.''
Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasone called in top trade ministry officials and directed them to demonstrate that the agreement was working.
He now sees profits ranging from $2.50 to $2.70 a share, instead of the previous target of $2.70, and carries a ''neutral'' rating on the stock.
So he played every minute of every game that season.
Her long dresses, in assertive colors like royal blue, hot pink, turquoise and violet, continue her specialty, although she is developing as a designer of daytime clothes.
A stalled compressor will, at least momentarily, reduce the power of the engine, making it even more difficult to keep the plane's speed above the stall speed.
The nonpackage rates are what hotels and inns charge for a room without any announced extra inducements, or air fares.
One, I think it's a nutty idea to fool around with the Social Security system.
The new machines are also quicker and more powerful, and some can operate in more than one language.
Saudis to Secord to Contras As has been reported, Congressional investigators have concluded that General Secord and Mr. Hakim were involved in the covert program to supply the contras during the period that Congress placed strict controls on American assistance.
By the time they had Cailin in 1983, their situation was markedly different.
Indeed, the film was released in three versions: in English, in Spanish and in English with Spanish subtitles.
The Ford Festiva, a smaller car with a less-powerful engine that is made in South Korea, will have a sticker price of $5,765.
This year's entries included Tic-Tac-Tow, Draft Beer, 4 Sail, and, most sickening of all, Cirrhosis of the River.''
Now allow somebody else to have it.''
Mr. Barone, who has refused to speak to New Jersey authorities since being arrested, is being held at the Palm Beach County Jail.
At stake in the resolution of such jurisdictional disputes is more than just the authority of state courts.
For a while, all this practice pays off: For one season Gus is ''the greatest halfback in football'' and a world-class gigolo, with dozens of women on his dance card.
He was an assistant district attorney in Erie County before coming to New York in 1934.
They were invited in and congratulated on the engagement.
For some reason, officials seemed to think that such stylistic concerns that lay at the heart of the protests.
To the Editor: In his article ''My Summer Job With Sinclair Lewis'' (May 10) John Hersey calls Louis E. Florey, Sinclair Lewis's secretary, the ''son of an illiterate Canadian blacksmith'' and quotes Mark Schorer's snide characterization of Florey as serving ''as drinking companion and audience, valet and bootlegger, at least as much as he served as typist.''
She had a running start with believing in women and herself.
Kenny Gattison, the Suns' 6-8 reserve power forward who averaged 5.2 points and 3.5 rebounds as a rookie, will undergo arthroscopic surgery on his left knee and will be lost for the season.
A boat ride there costs nearly twice as much as any of the other outings since, in addition to the fare, the price includes a landing fee.
''I support the boycott, but I don't think it's important whether people boycott or not,'' said Cynthia Wilson of Brooklyn, who attended a teach-in at Medgar Evers College in the Crown Heights section of Brooklyn.
It was given its name in the mid-1960's by the Carroll Gardens Association, a civic group that was seeking to give the area a distinct identity.
I told him that I made mistakes when I first came to New York myself.
In Friday's game, Darling he went to two balls and no strikes on Kruk, then threw a high fastball that Kruk lined into the seats in left-center.
The modern rules governing personal jurisdiction date to 1945.
More than 90 percent of headaches have no serious underlying cause and many of these can be alleviated by simple changes in habits.
There are fewer dismal vistas these days, thanks to Operation GreenThumb, now entering its 10th year of bringing life and color to blighted neighborhoods.
Repeated requests for adjournments are a familiar element of the city's ''legal culture.''
In it, the star imagines herself as a kooky 5-year-old dashing about an oversized playground singing ''I'm Late.''
Still another brand is Swan Export from Perth, which went into American distribution last summer, through Hiram Walker, and is being aggressively promoted.
The per share earnings reflect a 4-for-3 stock split and a 3 percent stock dividend declared in 1986.
NATO analysts say the Spaniards could be trained up to NATO standards and take over much of the American mission in a cooperative arrangement.
It was a mistake, and I regret it.''
That's how he earns his living, but his work doesn't stop there.
This simple tale of a grizzled Cuban fisherman battling a huge marlin (Life) is much better suited to the small screen than it was to the large one.
He said his company is investing time and money in soliciting clients to help its standing in the future, when Japanese companies are even more evident on the American business scene.
In the fifth century B.C., that prescient Greek philosopher started humanity on its search for the universe's ultimate building blocks when he suggested that all matter was made of infinitesimally small particles called atoms.
These 45-foot waterline sloops have been used for America's Cup competition since 1958 by mutual understanding between challenging and defending clubs.
He increased Philadelphia's lead to 109-105 with a jump shot with two minutes to go.
In a telephone interview from his California office, Mr. Spencer said he was told he could become director of communications or combine the post with that of political director.
The ending is rather forced, with the equivalent of the Marines racing to a last-minute rescue.
The partners have displayed their products at food shows as far away as New York City.
While the ingredients in Australian restaurants are generally spectacularly fresh, the cooking and service often leave a lot to be desired.
Although sharply critical of the quality of science education in American schools, Secretary Bennett has resisted the arguments of those who say that the time has come for another expensive Federal effort similar to what occurred following Sputnik.
When the Royal Shakespeare co-produced ''Les Miserables'' with Cameron Mackintosh two seasons ago, there was considerable negative comment in the British press about the subsidized company turning itself over to a commercial producer.
But it would shrink faster if the cost of closing steel plants were lower, says Christopher Plummer, a steel analyst at Chase Econometrics in Bala Cynwyd, Pa.
A defendant in the $1.8 million robbery of a Purolator armored-truck depot in which three guards were killed was sentenced yesterday to from 75 years to life in prison.
The premise of Hanna Barbera's animated ''Greatest Adventure'' series is that two contemporary white youngsters, Derrick and Margo, along with their sidekick Moki, an all-purpose brown person with an accent that ranges from barrio to Bombay and who has all the insouciance of Charlie Chan's second son, are archeologists who ''time trip'' back into Bible stories.
In the agreement with the environmental agency that was announced today, Velsicol stipulated that it would not again sell the pesticides unless it could demonstrate that new application methods eliminated their residue inside homes.
''We're booking on the average of two outside parties a week, including Christmas parties and weddings.''
I'm just an old monk from eastern Tibet.
Once at a destination, we acquired a large-scale ordinance map of the local area, not only to guide us on walks but also to help us thread our way through the mazes of English lanes.
The Old Order Thwarted Until last Monday night, when a dozen men who had worked closely with Mr. Duvalier and his son Jean-Claude were disqualified as candidates in the Nov. 29 presidential election, many from the old order thought there was still a chance to preserve their privileges.
He said the Soviet Government was still discussing whether the publisher could list Mr. Gorbachev as the author.
Meantime, she has been winning praise all summer long at the New York City Opera in the role of Violetta in ''La Traviata.''
''How much is good will or other items is hard to tell,'' he said.
The Phillips family and Knickerbocker Associates of Montvale, N.J., a real-estate investment group that helped pull the resort out of bankruptcy in 1985, sought to build a smaller resort complex than that proposed by Marriott, but the state began condemnation proceedings.
(Andrews, McMeel & Parker, $6.95.)
Following the subcommittee meeting, Senator Christopher J. Dodd, Democrat of Connecticut, the subcommittee chairman and one of the signatories of the letter, said the general mood of the subcommittee is that General Noriega should be eased out of power.
A2 Cooperation against terrorism was stressed by top law enforcement officials in Paris in preparation for a meeting of the leaders of the seven major industrial democracies in Venice next month.
The 14-member council said it was acting under the legal authority it was granted by the Legislature to promulgate regulations to protect public health and safety.
b-Includes tax credits of $483,000 for the latest quarter and $220,000 for the year-earlier period.
What, they said, could they do?
''This Is A Mandatory Ball Club Appearance,'' the note said.
The Bears sacked Los Angeles quarterbacks 11 times, with seven coming in the first half.
Among the objects to be seen are a magnificent alabaster bowl from Egypt's Old Kingdom (about 2700 B.C.
* Human fetal cells grown in test tubes.
MERTON C. BERNSTEIN JOAN BRODSHAUG BERNSTEIN St. Louis, Oct. 29, 1987 The writers are authors of ''Social Security: The System That Works,'' abook soon to be published.
Mr. Dannaker guesses that he probably pumps about 1,000 gallons of fuel on a normal day and three or four times as much on a football Saturday, at $1.55 a gallon.
And we know that there's a great public awareness of her out there.''
Because of design specifications he insisted on, corporations - the intended customers - found the machine virtually unusable.
According to one source, F.B.I.
4 Iraqis uncomfortable over U.S. reaction 3 Athens to call vote on the future of U.S. bases 4 NATIONAL$ 6-8, 37 Poor supervision of election finances by the Federal Election Commission has been charged by critics who say the agency is sluggish, partly because of the process established by Congress.
Byrd: Missa In Tempore Paschali and other choral works.
The position that the other commanders end up taking is also expected to depend upon what the fragmented political opposition does between now and nomination time.
Doubtless, for your visitors, Greenwich Village, which alone offers enough shows to fill several holidays, is old hat.
(Inpatient is a retronym based on outpatient; used to be, a person receiving treatment in a hospital was merely a patient, and only the hatchet-faced head nurse was impatient.)
ELAINE DANN GOLDSTEIN Rockville Centre, N.Y.
Both shows have encouraged a renewed interest in horticulture as a strong component of design.
Year-ago figures are pro forma; the company went public in January.
The owners staged one, then two weekends of games with pickup players.
For everyday use, a round tablecloth with a lace design in the center, and lace trim round the hem together with 12 napkins would cost $3,400.
Back at the State University, the Westchester Symphony Orchestra under Martin Canellakis, the music director, welcomes Ani Kavafian for a solo doubleheader: the distinguished violinist will not only play the Bruch G minor Concerto, but Saint-Saens's ''Introduction and Rondo Capriccioso.''
Among Ms. Kormanik's job qualifications is fluency in Spanish, according to a spokesman for the Small Business Administration, Anita Irick.
Last season, the league indicated its displeasure with brawls by increasing the penalties each time a new incident occured.
The graffiti articulate, however crudely, what sociologists and homosexual rights advocates here view as growing intolerance in a time of widespread fear and anger over AIDS.
Mariners 8, Athletics 5 OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) - Harold Reynolds drove in the go-ahead run with a triple in the fourth inning.
Dr. Lacefield, a 21-year veteran of the institute, admitted falsifying three blood analysis reports in 1986.
Atari has essentially decided to buy distribution in the United States because it has been stymied in its attempts to persuade established retailers to carry its wares.
Treating Runny Noses The cold treatment ''is on the horizon,'' according to Dr. Michael Kaliner, chief of the infectious disease section at the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases.
The evacuation was only the most recent of Lilco's emergency preparedness tests.
In the New York region, he added, ''open space options are disappearing because of unplanned sprawl.''
Protection From Lawsuits Spokesmen for these companies said the changes were made because of their policy of keeping the public informed and because it was the law.
He then promptly took the offensive against the Government of President Jose Napoleon Duarte, charging that he was the victim of a smear campaign intended to weaken the right-wing opposition in preparation for a coming electoral campaign.
AIDS attacks the body's immune system, making the victim suspectible to many life-threatening maladies.
A plate of paella in Madrid that cost $6.80 a year ago is now $7.87.
There was much conjecture in Frankfurt banking circles that the Bundesbank's 18-member Central Council would vote to cut the discount rate to 3 percent, from 3.5 percent, but would also take steps to curb the growth of the money supply that could come from increased lending.
The Soviet officials would use seismic devices.
The jury forewoman told Judge William Rea of the Federal District Court that one of the six jurors in the $15 million breach of contract case had remained ''obdurate'' from the beginning and refused to deliberate further.
Senator Patrick J. Leahy, the Vermont Democrat who heads the Judiciary Committee's judicial screening unit, gave an indication of what might be in store when he was told that Senator Strom Thurmond of South Carolina, the committee's ranking Republican, had predicted that a replacement would be named and confirmed before Congress leaves town in August.
There are other gardeners who are scavengers.
I don't care if it's Harry Cipriani or anybody else, as long as the food is good.''
Bond prices rose as traders were upbeat about pending Congressional action on the Federal debt ceiling and about trends in foreign-exchange trading.
President Reagan, in a speech today to a group of graduating high school seniors in Chattanooga, Tenn., described Iran as ''the villain in the piece'' for that reason.
PETE MARAVICH FG Ft Year Team G Pct Pct PPG 1971-72 Hawks 66 .427 .811 19.3 1972-73 Hawks 79 .441 .800 26.1 1973-74 Hawks 76 .457 .826 27.7 1974-75 Jazz 79 .419 .811 21.5 1975-76 Jazz 62 .459 .811 25.9 1976-77 Jazz 73 .433 .835 31.1 1977-78 Jazz 50 .444 .870 27.0 1978-79 Jazz 49 .421 .841 22.6 1979-80 Celtics* 43 .449 .867 13.7 Totals 658 .441 .820 24.2 * Maravich was traded to the Celtics in midseason.
She also threw new light on the relationship between Colonel North and Thomas Green, the lawyer for Maj. Gen. Richard V. Secord, another principal character in the affair.
William H. Gray 3d, a Pennsylavania Democrat who is chairman of the House Budget Committee, described Mr. Washington as ''a giant in American politics'' who ''virtually worked himself to death for the city of Chicago.''
Six weeks before the auction, Christie's will publish a catalogue of the properties to be featured so that investors can inspect them.
''This type of sabotage is meant as theater,'' said the Police Commissioner, Gen. Johan Coetzee, in reaction to the bombing outside a Johannesburg courthouse on Wednesday.
It was the second small advance in two months, and it appeared to bury fears that arose in the spring that the inflation rate was about to jump sharply because of the resurgence of oil prices, the depreciation of the dollar in foreign exchange markets and a sharp advance in food prices.
They are two women who both reflect their neighborhoods and help to lead them: Mrs. McLaughlin is president of her civic association, Mrs. Puryear active on her tenants' council.
Such a process is believed to account for the bubble-like distribution of stars within the Milky Way Galaxy to which the Earth and Sun belong.
But the Jets, concerned with his performance during the team's collapse last year, had been offering him $750,000 a season.
''The market as an entity isn't undervalued; we're only back to fair valuation in terms of the averages,'' Mr. Hale said.
In his new home, he gave up just three hits to Seattle through seven innings, allowed only one base runner to advance as far as second in that time and finally came out in the eighth after Mickey Brantley hit a run-scoring single.
''It's going to be much easier to keep the secrecy of the instruction-generation device that's going to be stored in the basement of the White House.''
''That's why it looks to youth.
Beginning Tuesday (Sept. 1) and running through Dec. 8, the classes will be designed to give participants an opportunity to understand what they are likely to face as members of governmental boards or commissions and how they can improve those bodies' service to the community.
Alfonso XIII, King of Spain, amazed residents by zipping along the roads in his auto at 25 miles an hour before such things became common.
''It's not going to be a fishing village anymore, it's going to be a tourist place.''
The proposed standards evolved from an earlier set of voluntary measures that allowed developers to build low, bulky buildings if they agreed to meet interior and exterior design criteria intended to make the units more liveable.
This year, the production target is 47,000.
''People try too hard to have a good time at big parties,'' she said.
Eastern began providing free coffee in the terminal and free bagels on the plane.
A year ago, the count totaled 731, the Houston-based maker of oil tools said.
Lloyd Singer, pastor of St. Edmund's Episcopal Church in the Bronx and a member of the Northwest Bronx Community and Clergy Coalition.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*BANKERS TRUST NEW YORK CORP (NYSE) Qtr to Dec 31 1986 1985 Net inc 97,500,000 96,300,000 Per share 1.39 1.37 Yr net inc 427,900,000 371,200,000 Per share 6.01 5.39 View Full Article in Timesmachine »
These are almost impossible to cast with a 20-pound test outfit, and if the wind is in your face and you are using a revolving spool reel, backlashes are almost inevitable.
New York City and the North-east are well served by a variety of modes, but there are many places where Amtrak is the only public transportation available.
As depicted in this adaptation (by Sidney Howard) of the Sinclair Lewis novel, they are people who puff cigarettes around culture incubators, brew serums in their kitchens, refer to germs as ''bugs'' and treat both bubonic plague virus and their wives with fatal condescension.
In another deal, one in which Mr. Weprin himself is involved along with other investors, the sponsors of a co-op conversion in Queens decided to close on the building this year instead of next year as they had planned.
They also know they'll need to come up with the cash the year she finishes high school.
In my opinion, the scientific evidence gained thus far about involuntary smoking is substantial and great cause for alarm.
It would seem only natural that women should assume the responsibility of tending house plants, just as they are expected to tend to the home as a whole.
It's like Jerry West once said: The N.B.A.
Quickly, he turned on his bedside radio.
The 115-year-old Federal mail fraud statute bars ''any scheme or artifice to defraud'' that involves use of the mails.
It could be said that Mr. Johanson has efficiently filled that specification.
Others in the march were homeless people who said the city was not doing enough to help them straighten out their lives.
''I think it's dead,'' Jack Van Berg, his trainer, said yesterday.
With the exception of ''No One Is Alone,'' the most effective songs are directly tied to the plot (as in the extended title number, a gloss on ''A Weekend in the Country'' in ''Night Music'') or are their own self-contained jokes (as in ''Agony,'' a duet for philandering princes).
Andre Tate ran 22 yards and Rickard Kimble 10 and before Nelson, a 225-pound tackle lined up at the end of the line, took a pitch from Dwane Brown and ran untouched for a touchdown.
He replied that maybe it was a mistake to give Singaporean women so much equality.
Tri-County's insured deposits were transferred to First American Savings, F.A., based in Jenkintown, Pa. Tri-County was a state-chartered, publicly traded stock institution with $39.1 million in assets and $47.3 million in deposits.
b-Includes a $500,000 tax credit for the quarter and an extraordinary tax benefit of $1.1 million for the 9-month.
At the end, Eros kisses him; the initial identification with love comes full circle.
Mrs. Cortese appeared a number of times on Jim Bakker's daily television show, generally talking about her work as a prison chaplain - she was a chaplain at the Bedford Hills Correctional Facility for women in Westchester County, N.Y., from 1973 through 1983.
Saudi Arabia, despite all its influence in the oil market, still cannot impose a specific price because many major oil producers have emerged outside OPEC, such as Mexico, Britain and Norway.
''I've had so many social workers I can't remember them,'' Bill said.
But the upshot of how school officials handled the Clara Barton case can be summed up in two words: no class.
The budget I present to you today includes $250 million for education, by far the single largest increase in the budget.
The 10 counts carry maximum sentences that could theoretically total 130 years in prison and $2.5 million in fines.
Note, also, that while profits swing more widely than employee compensation, the two track together closely.
With the 1988 Olympic Games 15 months away, she has set her final goal in gymnastics as making the team.
''Tonight,'' said Gerald, ''Dominique's buying dinner.''
The search turned up two dead flies in the lights but nothing else amiss, and Fischer's chair proved to be identical with Spassky's.
The New Jersey franchise, the Cosmopolitan Eagles, will play games at the Hinchliffe Stadium in Paterson, which has an artificial surface and a capacity of 9,200.
But he and Mr. Rattenni were reluctant to go too far out on a limb.
Milk, a homosexual, led homosexuals to create a voting bloc.
A Youthpass is sold for second class only to people under age 26 for one month - $310 - or two - $400.
It was unclear what, if any, effect this incident had on what was to follow.
Growth, however, will be impeded by the legislation being considered.
'Enormous Critical Success' Virginia Kidd, Mrs. Sheldon's agent, said the author telephoned her last week and had seemed ''in her usual good spirits.''
''We want to make conditions at the OTB parlors more enjoyable and give the patrons a feeling of being wanted,'' Mr. Anastasia said.
''For a long time I refused to accept what happened to my father, whom I never knew,'' Miss Kahn said.
He said his decision to run was ''as close to final as one can get'' with financing the only question.
Rooms cost $25 for a single, $30 for a double, all with bath or shower or both.
Visiting him a few weeks before he died, I had told him that two of his favorite singers, Jon Vickers and Marilyn Horne, would be heard on the next Metropolitan Opera broadcast - though I suspected as I said it that he had no use whatsoever for Saint-Saens's ''Samson et Dalila,'' the work they would be doing.
Complex family relationships in South Carolina's low country and New York City.
On Tuesday, the stock rose $2.125 a share.
Except for Mr. Cruse's skirmishes with children who tried to use his lawn as a shortcut, the couple kept to themselves.
The Esty agency was acquired by Ted Bates Worldwide in 1982, and Bates was acquired by Saatchi & Saatchi last summer.
Recognizing also that the insurgents are in many cases Islamic fundamentalists, the Government has begun spending large sums to build and reconstruct mosques and place more mullahs, or religious leaders, on the public payroll.
The current U.S. aid program ends Sept. 30, but there is enough money in the pipeline to buy guns and supplies through the Nov. 7 deadline.
Scottsboro has the air of a downscale version of a town dense with factory outlets.
Several analysts noted that giving such a large stake in an airline to an airplane manufacturer was unusual.
Hamburgers and hot dogs will be available and picnics from home can be eaten in special areas on the grounds.
Mr. Reagan put it eloquently.
The corporation has invested money in South Africa and the lawyer wants the company to disinvest.
By early June, the sun is so elevated that water temperatures have substantially moderated, and the onshore atmospheric circulation has responded.
''We just want to make sure they stay healthy.''
The General Motors Corporation introduced new-car financing as low as 1.9 percent on Wednesday evening, Aug. 5, covering four of the eight selling days in the first ten days of August.
Mr. Owen's memos suggest that the other contra leaders - Alfonso Robelo and Arturo Cruz - were less-than-equal partners added to the contra directorate to please Congress.
He much prefers braces, or suspenders, for the fit of a suit, and eliminated the loops and enlarged my waist measurement a half-inch accordingly.
For example, a report on July 2, 1944, of the killing of 400,000 Hungarian Jews and the impending deportation of another 350,000 Jews was printed on page 12 while front-page coverage was given to crowded travel conditions expected on the July 4 holiday.
It's part of growth and decay.
For several years you have documented the genuine desire of the museum to find larger quarters.
Most disappointingly, Vivian Matalon, the director, who has an array of impressive Broadway and London theater credits, has surrounded six good - or better than good - actresses with a crushing amount of dead air.
Symbion Inc. said Friday that its board had terminated Robert Jarvik's employment as chairman and chief executive.
Records Destroyed in Fire Another indictment charges Jay Weinberg and Ronald Scaglione, a Brooklyn contractor, with setting fire to the clinic, the Doctors Medical Center at 1413 Fulton Street in the Bedford-Stuyvesant section, in 1983 to destroy medical and financial records and to collect fire insurance.
And throughout people crawl across the stage, as reduced in scale and importance as the antlike people scurrying through the films and slides of Grand Central projected on a backdrop and on side panels.
We would never demand he view a lineup when he was indicating difficulties with his vision,'' Mr. McCarthy said.
''Providing access is a reasonable fee-for-service for the university to deliver to the community.''
''It would be very difficult to do,'' Mr. Salinger replied.
''This has given the market a firmer tone,'' he added.
''We do not want to oppress landowners,'' he said.
The Swiss bank accounts were apparently controlled by Lieut.
Who could guess, for example, that Representative Bill Schuette, a Michigan Republican, pronounces his name SHOO-tee, or that Representative Robert E. Badham, Republican of California, drops the ''h'' in his name?
The oldest club on this side of the Atlantic is almost certainly the Hamilton Club in Bala Cynwyd, Pa., which celebrated its 100th birthday five days ago.
For example, a week ago the dollar's value was 1.8135 German marks and 144.2 yen.
Fridays and Saturdays, noon to 2:30 P.M. and 5 P.M. to midnight; Sundays, noon to 2:30 P.M. and 5 to 10:30 P.M. PRIMOLA, #1226 Second Avenue, at 65th Street (758-1775) - **(Feb. 20, 1987) While the setting is somewhat spare, the food is skillfully prepared and vividly seasoned.
Six more trees were infected only with the fungus.
Wietelmann, Bowa told Rose, cut open two balls, one from this year's supply and one from last year, taking out the center of the ball, which consists of cushioned cork and two layers of rubber.
''I'd call the first two periods a case of weathering the storm, which is what you've got to do to be a good road team,'' said Hrudey, ''but Gibby's goal gave us the edge.
Piniella had said he intended to use Hudson to plug a hole in his rotation, pitching the right-hander in spots when his other starters needed rest.
He joined CBS News in 1980.
Corey Allen gets credit for the direction but this is clearly another television production pasted together by committee.
did everything in its considerable power to make his life miserable.
He shopped at the Super Saver supermarket near his home on Long Island, which probably has lower prices on some items than many supermarkets in Manhattan.
Yusuke Kashiwagi, chairman of the Bank of Tokyo, put it another way.
Under the Census Bureau projections, California would become an even richer prize in Presidential elections, its electoral vote, largest in the country, rising from 47 to 50.
Mr. McDonald, a son of Prof. and Mrs. Forrest McDonald of Tuscaloosa, Ala., graduated magna cum laude from Vanderbilt University and received an M.B.A. degree from Northwestern University.
10 A.M. next Sunday, 16th-century German Easter: organ versets by Hans of Constance; Gregorian chants from the Graduale Pataviense, Easter Propers from Heinrich Isaak's ''Choralis Constantinus'' sung in Latin by St. Peter Schola Cantorum.
But if net worth falls below five-tenths of 1 percent of assets, regulators can close the institution.
Inflow of Tax Payments The increased buying of Treasury securities by the Japanese should be followed by the annual inflow of tax payments next month and put downward pressure on interest rates for the near term, Mr. Chandross said.
Dawson has never played left in his 11-year career.
The computerized system, which has been installed in 95 percent of the toy stores, has enabled the chain to increase its checkout speed by more than 30 percent, according to Michael Goldstein, the company's executive vice president and chief financial officer.
His stockings were also noted.
This was the first Wagnerian part for Miss Norman at the Metropolitan and certainly should not be her last.
Late this morning, a group of angry Sinhalese Buddhist monks were reported to have turned up at the General Hospital morgue, in violation of curfew rules, to demand the bodies of victims of the bus station blast.
Many investors refuse to sign up for an investment for 12 years before breaking even on front-end loading expenses.
Both network and agency executives are generally hopeful that some resolution will occur this week, allowing negotiations to move rapidly ahead for contracts for the fall season worth $2.5 billion to $3 billion.
''I have seen signs on all the doors of a hospital saying, 'This hospital uses needles only once.'
Although officials of the Long Island were jubiliant when Congress ended the walkout after 11 days, the task of getting the nation's busiest commuter rail line back into gear would undoubtedly have been easier had the strike come to a natural, negotiated conclusion.
On the recent survey conducted by University of Cincinnati researchers, which found that 31.7 percent of major college football coaches violate N.C.A.A.
They tried to bring a model of the plane to the Wailing Wall but were prevented by the police from doing so.
There are five- or six-day cruises that include a transcanal journey and half-day cruises during the season (December through April) that cover a portion of the canal.
It would make credible his offers to work with the U.S. on regional peacemaking and third world development.
Payton was accompanied at the 50-yard line by his wife, Connie; his two children, Jarrett and Brittney; his mother, Alyne Payton; his brother Eddie, and his college and high school coaches.
From Bad to Worst ''The more I tried, the worse I got.
The newspaper cited examples of prominent blacks who had been denied membership.
If a complaint against a publication is found to be valid, the remedy ''is likely to consist of'' publication or broadcast of a statement written by the arbitrator on its findings in the situation.
The vessel sailed at 5:30 P.M. for the 90-minute- trip to Highlands.
Katz's words bear on the quality of competition Tucker has had in compiling his undefeated record.
More power to Ms. LeVant in trying to overturn it.
Court Fight Is Vowed Shoreham opponents immediately attacked today's proposal, saying even limited use of the plant would be dangerous.
* The Madison Avenue Bridge, where one lane is closed in each direction.
But one branch emphasized outreach to Roman Catholics; another made approaches to Presbyterians and members of Reformed Christian churches.
The year-ago revenue has been restated because of the reclassification of certain sales to other utilities.
If oil companies, government agencies and environmentalists approach the development of the refuge with comparable care, disaster should be avoidable.
After the first Macs came out, it didn't take long for outside companies to begin offering internal hard disks for the machine, and now Apple is offering its own.
(AP) Perry Takes Lead: Chris Perry, son of the former major league pitcher Jim Perry, shot a five-under-par 66 to take the second-round lead in the $700,000 Kemper Open in Potomac, Md.
''At a time when the market is high historically, Unum stock is trading at a low from its $31.375 price early in the year,'' he said.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*POSTAL INSTANT PRESS (AMEX) Qtr to Dec 31 1986 1985 Revenue 5,659,000 5,528,000 Net inc 1,167,000 1,185,000 Share earns .28 .29 6mo rev 10,840,000 10,740,000 Net inc 2,189,000 2,216,000 Share earns .53 .54 View Full Article in Timesmachine »
''I think Colonel North is probably telling what he conceives to be the truth,'' Mr. Tower said on the NBC News program ''Today.''
GREAT AND DESPERATE CURES: The Rise and Decline of Psychosurgery and Other Radical Treatments for Mental Illness, by Elliot S. Valenstein.
It was evident in the enthusiasm he brought to sports, and the interest he had for learning about coaching philosophy.
CBS, which televises a highlights show at 11:30 P.M., is off the air before all the matches are completed.
After pounding the pavement for several miles, the dogs sat down in three circles, quietly, knowing if they moved an inch, Mr. Buck would reprimand them.
It is bisected by the western spur of the New Jersey Turnpike.
The agreement, between the American Council of Learned Societies and the Main Archival Administration of the Soviet Council of Ministers, would create a Commission on Archival Cooperation to carry out the exchanges.
'We Will Be in the Black' Noting, however, that there are ''significant parts of Mellon doing exceedingly well,'' Mr. Pearson said he had ''looked at a lot of numbers since being named'' nine days ago.
(If not booked as a package deal, a room costs $65 to $115 a night, depending on the season; telephone 809-428-3600, or in New York call 212-840-6636.)
To a man, the kobes, as tavern waiters are known in Cologne, said they believed the admission of alien ''chemical beers'' was a bad idea, though none had ever sipped one.
'Maximum Flexibility' Congress has been discussing an extension of the deadline, but may not act before the deadline is reached.
He added that, even if he had been given 1,000 more people to train, the training program could not have absorbed them.
I wouldn't hesitate at all.
They helped him through a thicket of regulations to secure health insurance and temporary welfare and before he was able to buy his van, they picked him up and drove him to work.
Mr. Cuomo called on Julio A. Martinez, the director of the state program who was in the audience, to offer his version.
Only with liquid helium can researchers create such cold.
The first log building to be constructed for the farmstead, though still without a roof, was placed in a central location in Salem last April.
Perhaps he is down because the lighting is.
Since many members of Congress, especially Democrats, have already criticized the Reagan Administration as favoring nuclear weapons over conventional forces, the proposed shift seemed likely to generate vigorous debate in hearings and votes on the new military budget.
I've seen that the negative things can bring me back here.''
The article did not mention Mr. Khrushchev bv name but was taken as a sign that he, too, was likely to be rehabilitated.
CHORUS: Doctor Freud and Jung and Adler, Adler and Jung and Freud Six psychoanalysts we!
As it must, the premise builds good-naturedly to disaster: Elizabeth Lane (Miss Stanwyck) writes a popular chestnuts-on-the-hearth recipe column from her Connecticut farm for Smart Housekeeping Magazine.
And it worked: airlines fought for market share by offering discount fares, opening up hundreds of new routes, and competing on 2,000 city-to-city connections formerly served by one airline.
It can be reached only from France or Spain.
The effects of unresolved grieving, including prolonged depression and psychosomatic problems, can be attenuated if widows and widowers receive nonjudgmental support from friends, family, therapists and mutual-support groups, according to Marjory Marvel, who oversees the Widowed Persons Service of the American Association of Retired Persons.
An illustrated catalogue is available from the Museum Shop.
Her second was ''Non piu, tutto ascoltai .
And several issues in the treaty, including details of verification procedures and a schedule for dismantling the missiles, have yet to be resolved.
Senator Edward M. Kennedy, Democrat of Massachusetts, a Judicary Committee member, called Judge Ginsburg ''an ideological clone of Judge Bork - a Judge Bork without a paper trail.''
A new one will be held at Nassau Coliseum Dec. 27-28 with Boston College, Harvard, Illinois-Chicago and Minnesota-Duluth.
Bruce Gray Granny Mundy .
''After I got a few more cooking jobs, I began to think about taking my food public,'' he said.
But Administration sources, who cited worry about the record trade deficit, would not say how much they wanted the currency to decline.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*PITTSBURGH & WEST VIRGINIA RAILROAD (AMEX) Qtr to June 30 1987 1986 Revenue 230,000 230,000 Net inc 205,000 208,000 Share earns .14 .14 6mo rev 460,000 460,000 Net inc 417,000 418,000 Share earns .28 .18 View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Jews Lived There in the 1920's The red-turbaned Moslem cleric, who last week led a demonstration of Arabs to the door of Mr. Sharon's new home, said that in the 1920's, he used to live across the street from this very house on El Wad Street.
And that, in turn, suggested a nation only half-sure of its ability to contain the demons of its past.
The speaker was Robert C. Gottlieb, the co-chairman of the new Suffolk County Ethics Committee and a dissenter to the view of many suburban politicians that Democrats who dominate New York City politics are more prone to corruption than Republicans who dominate Long Island politics.
The Heaveys planned first to visit the museum, to learn about General Washington.
''Yap Thaw'' and ''Dead Reckoning,'' two original one-act plays written by the pair and being performed by them at La Mama, through Sunday, both take dramatic advantage of these physical differences to evoke a darkly comic Darwinian vision.
They also took off in a swift spiral that, along with the flares, was intended to evade heat-seeking missiles launched by the rebels.
The agency has to show that there is more to this woman than constant beautification, something behind that beautiful face.
1986 1985 Revenue passenger miles (billions) 27.3 32.0 Domestic 17.6 16.6 International 9.8 15.5 Passenger load factor 58.3% 65.2% Domestic 59.5% 64.2% International 56.3% 66.3% Break-even passenger load factor 64.1% 69.9% Domestic 65.9% 72.2% International 61.2% 67.3% (Source: Company reports)
Over the next three days, the group was expected to hear from the six Democratic Presidential hopefuls: Gov.
''I can't fault the old man too much,'' she said.
Administration Comment Mr. Sullivan, speaking at a news conference in Washington, also called for a United States embargo on trade with South Africa and asked President Reagan to sever diplomatic relations.
A Variety of Sanctions Last year's law imposed a variety of penalties against Pretoria, including the cessation of direct airline flights; a prohibition against importing steel, iron, uranium, munitions, oil or agricultural products; a prohibition against cooperation with the South African armed forces, and a prohibition against U.S. banks from giving loans or accepting deposits from South African government agencies.
But they said hog prices and farm foreclosures were more important than caucuses.
''Maybe we should have gone out and checked him,'' Manager Lou Piniella said of Schmidt, a direct reference to Tuesday's game when his own pitcher, Rick Rhoden, was warned for scuffing balls.
Even so, the Pace production may be the first deliberate attempt so far to rescue Cornell from his popularity.
1 best-seller in the country - 'The Closing of the American Mind' - makes exactly that point,'' he said.
In this colony, Hutterites live in barracks-style, green duplexes, about 11 miles from the nearest town, .
''Sometimes,'' Mr. Tyson said, ''I bribe them.
His courage is tested and so are his conceptions of loyalty.
Serious shoppers should not miss Harrods.
So now it's time to fight fire with fire.''
Based on pools of municipal bonds, the M-Cats offer investors a choice of receiving semiannual payments on the coupon portion of the security or the principal part of the bond that is redeemable at maturity.
Under these conditions it would seem pure selfishness for any family, rich or poor, to produce more human beings in unreasonable numbers.
Cotton futures were mixed in featureless trading on the Cotton Exchange in New York.
Sir, you know General John Singlaub?
The reason for this departure from curatorial form is not hard to guess: it apparently is an attempt to protect the artists from governmental reprisals in their native countries.
Mrs. Dole, who will be 51 years old this month, is used to walking a delicate line in her political career and personal life.
At a meeting in late October, the Iranians produced a check for $4 million to pay for 500 TOW's.
His tenure spanned an era of sweeping changes in the food industry marked by the emergence of supermarket chains and the development of new distribution and marketing systems.
He turns out to be a poet and philosopher as well.
IT'S only February, but one of the year's most important jazz albums has just been released: the alto saxophonist-composer Tim Berne's ''Fulton Street Maul.''
And courts are historically loath to condone restrictions on anyone's right to earn all he can or to choose where he wants to earn it.
Edwin W. Edwards turned down a last-minute request to block the execution just hours after the United States Supreme Court also turned down an appeal.
''But I also knew I wasn't ready then,'' he said.
The votes on the deficit-reduction bill were 237 to 181 in the House and 61 to 28 in the Senate.
Langer and the other 70 pros who made the cut today must finish by playing the 7,000-yard PGA West for the second time in the four-course tournament.
ARIZONA - Named Marc Lunsford, Rich Smith and Duane Akina assistant football coaches.
Although site plans have not been affected by the moratorium because they were submitted before the ban took effect, the plans could be affected by the rezoning, said Thomas Cramer, deputy commissioner of planning.
''Our message to them is the greener pastures may not be greener much longer,'' Dr. Siragusa said.
One of Mr. Conde's most formidable tasks is seen as mapping out a course for the bank without being hampered by these families.
Nancy Reagan's breast cancer was detected in her annual mammogram in October.
Mike Smrek, Billy Thompson, Wes Matthews and A. C. Green of the Lakers and Jerry Sichting of the Celtics were each fined $500.
''But there's no central ventilation system and our tests show nothing went up to the living area.''
Traders said that the gains in note and bond prices came in light trading.
''Towns will probaby do it if someone wants the post and pushes them to do it,'' he said.
The evening was perfect for the cruise around New York Harbor: the weather was crystalline, the temperature in the 60's, the moon almost full, the Statue of Liberty aglow and the city glistening.
''We have reached a point in coastal development where, if we want to safeguard species that nest along our coast, we must manage certain areas for them,'' Ms. Hays said in a report on the project in the Linnaean Society's newsletter.
This dish is good with fried or grilled eggplant, flavored with garlic and strewn with fresh basil leaves.
Food at Mirabelle is a delightful mix of classic and modern.
Describing the morning pedestrian traffic, the officer said, ''Every time a train arrived, hordes of people came out asking for directions, looking puzzled, complaining.''
On the speed-limit issue, Mr. Reagan is in favor of returning authority to the states to determine highway speeds and is supportive of the increase to 65 m.p.h., White House officials said.
Today, as they walked across the sun-baked rice fields, he was on a short furlough to be with her during the birth of their child, which they expected within days.
The greens are normally served with a dressing of anchovies, olive oil, balsamic vinegar and lemon juice.
Another exception would be if you have bought some form of travel insurance to cover automobile collision damage.
Herbert E. Alexander, a professor of political science at the University of Southern California, says he already knows who will win the 1988 Republican Presidential nomination.
Mr. Michels, Mr. Vallone and Councilman Joseph F. Lisa, a Queens Democrat who is chairman of the health committee, are among the prime sponsors.
''Michael gets upset when Shadow takes the ball away from him or pressures him too much,'' said Littles.
Mr. Normandin is one of six French citizens held in Lebanon by terrorist groups believed made up of Shiite Moslem extremists with close links to Iran.
The journal article caught the attention of Robert Hamrin, who was then an economic policy adviser to Senator Gary Hart.
He is scheduled to be transferred to the Bergen County Jail on Dec. 21 as a result of an agreement signed by officials of both states, Mr. Gribetz says.
The album, released on Ben Bagley's Painted Smiles label, is the brainchild of its producer, Mark Sendroff, an attorney for many of the singers and arrangers on the album.
''The general partner put the deal together, for which he's entitled to something,'' Mr. D'Avenzo said.
Washington, which needed financial advice for its first sale of bonds in the public market, knew Mr. Lazard when he was at Salomon.
To some degree, it is possible to use the drug to wean oneself from those symptoms of ADD that represent learned behavior, such as interrupting other people in mid-sentence.
As Ms. Goldsmith's book says, Mrs. Zagat was included in Mr. Johnson's will before he became ill.
Mesa, winner of a bronze medal as a bantamweight in the 1986 world championships, tonight won a unanimous decision over Omar Catari of Venezuela.
''That's just the way we're starting out,'' he said.
''The Fed appears to be giving strong signals that it has completed its tightening move and that that move was very modest, indeed,'' the report said.
Near the end of his crossing, about 20 miles off shore, Peyron fell asleep at the helm and awoke to the jolt of his boat riding up on rocks, Suna said.
They are superior in every other aspect.''
Defining Light's Speed David R. Lide Jr. director of the National Bureau of Standards office of reference data, also serves as president of Codata.
''If we are wrong about a stock, we can't force the market to react.''
John Grubb singled Evans home before Rhoden got the third out.
One result of the blocking breakdowns is that Morris, a slow starter, has rushed for 280 yards in his six games.
Wooden drumsticks crack with a visceral crunch on almost pocket-sized timpani.
Only 344,285 fans were at last Sunday's replacement games.
There's a method to what seems like the madness of the owners of the Long Beach Arena, which is scheduled to open its doors for ice skating this weekend.
''A lot of people like their therapist and sit around talking but not getting better,'' says James Johnson, a research psychiatrist at the NIMH.
Moreover, the black fly season is virtually identical to the prime of trout season: May and June.
''The government and the public at large, not understanding our issues, have put gay rights and AIDS in the same category,'' said Leonard Bloom, a New York lawyer who is a veteran of the gay rights movement and was Deputy Health Commissioner in New York City from 1978 to 1980.
Each company bids for an annual contract, and the winner receives about 60 percent of the work.
We have had three days of hard work, of businesslike and frank discussions on the pivotal problems of Soviet-American relations and on important aspects of the current world situation.
Turnover is so rare, only emergency cases get in now.
Mr. DePreist's association with the orchestra began 22 years ago when he became an associate conductor for the 1965-66 season.
Home for the Holidays The formal adjournment was largely an anticlimax, with many lawmakers already on the way home.
A certain number of women could be precipitated into a postpartum psychosis with life-threatening potential.
Speaking of romance, we have here in photographs and text the complete story of the famous love affair that actually occurred between the moose who came out of the Vermont woods and Jessica the Hereford cow who lived on the Carrara farm.
Request for Immunity This reluctance was highlighted Saturday night, after a 27-year-old man, who, the police said, attacked an officer with a lead pipe, was killed in a barrage of police gunfire on a Harlem street.
That comparison will be made often in the next six months.
''One set of facts today may not hold up tomorrow,'' Mr. Fitzwater said.
Their new apartment has an Old World flavor: gold fleurs-de-lis are stenciled on the walls; the bed has an elaborately curlicued headboard, and the television stand, once an ordinary night table, has been given a lavish application of gold leaf.
In the 1940's, when the subways ran more frequently and less fitfully than today, riders might not have had much incentive to consult a timetable.
Officers in the precinct who were interviewed by investigators did not recall seeing Mr. Bartlett as a ''neighborhood regular,'' the spokeswoman said.
Some faculty members at the Buffalo campus argued that a higher profile in sports would be inappropriate for the school, which has an enrollment of 27,000 students, 9,000 of whom are graduate students.
Particularly outstanding are a headdress consisting of a small spherical helmet covered with red seeds and topped by a carved wood ornament made by the Koros peoples of Nigeria, and a cast copper vessel, also Nigerian, whose narrowing neck crawls with chameleons that seem to be looking for something to drink.
The Government said it had deployed adequate paramilitary forces and policemen to maintain law and order.
''That should not allow bonds to rally much further.''
One measure, setting up a new commission composed largely of medical and financial experts, has already passed the House.
Jennifer Beth Bring and Dr. Scott Ingber were married yesterday at the Tamcrest Country Club in Alpine, N.J., where Rabbi David H. Chanofsky and Cantor Carl Kritz officiated.
But, I'm not without experience as a football viewer.
Under the rating system, a producer is free, in theory, to make any kind of film he wants, including porn.
Miriam McDonald, 42, who is black, who lives in the Flatlands section of Brooklyn, testified that when she called the 63d Precinct last July 5 for help with a large group of white youths who were menacing her grown sons near her home, the white officers, without provocation, pushed her against a car with a nightstick to her throat, began beating her sons and used racial epithets.
He confesses that he never had any doubts as to the innocence of the victims of the Moscow trials, including the leaders of the massacred Communist Party of Poland, but thought, and still thinks, that the true dedication to the cause demanded such endurance, which enabled members to love it, ''despite all the distortions, injuries and torments.''
The court found that ''some infringement'' of those rights was justifiable.
Clad in a pink and black swimsuit and cheered on by most of her family, she climbed into the ring and began wrestling with her best friend, Elisa Steinbacher, known also as Cornfed Rita, in 1,200 pounds of lime Jell-O.
SNARING A BOLT OF ENERGY Scientists launch small rockets, trailing wires, into thunderclouds to precipitate lightning strikes.
He may lead the Soviet Union into the modern era as a more productive, less centralized economy.
Representative Vin Weber, Republican of Minnesota, agreed.
But even that organization is afraid to rest on its laurels.
''It's a giant lottery, no pun intended,'' he said.
It's a satire of new theater stripped to simplicity.
She avoided overplaying the accented dance rhythms of the second movement, as other pianists often do, but held back so that when the final movement arrived, her efforts sounded all the more breathless and exciting.
No legal charges will be filed against the Fredricksons, according to trustees, who said that investigators found no firm proof that the Fredricksons received substantial illegal cash payments.
The propaganda effect of the Japanese films was later attested to by such Western observers as Frank Capra, the American director.
Also, most utilities are embarking on maintenance programs intended to prolong the life of nuclear plants beyond the 40 years, Mr. Meehan said.
I was caught in the undertow of the client corporation's economic difficulties, and was swamped.
But the new Federal income-tax law chased out those buyers.
At most, she lets it out that Marianne Moore came often to see him at the museum, and that in Paris Mikhail Larionov and Natalia Goncharova, longtime Russian emigres, ''threw their arms around A. with tears in their eyes, knowing his long devotion to the art of the country they will never see again.''
Of those channels, 34 have begun scrambling their signals or plan to, the officials said.
Among the dozens of places in and around Jerusalem where clashes broke out was the Arab village of Abu Ghosh on the outskirts of the city, known in local folklore for its loyalty to Israel.
season, because ''people tend to procrastinate,'' said Richard R. Baxt, vice president in charge of Citibank's I.R.A.
Boschwitz, Minn. Chafee, R.I. Cochran, Miss.
Sometimes overt entertainment itself can dig deep: artless art.
On the Washington side, the volcanic peaks of Adams, St. Helens and Rainier rise from rolling hills.
Now, what would Flaubert have made of that.
Its quarterly profits fell to $2.06 a share, from $2.43 last year, but the earnings were still better than analysts had expected.
''You unfreeze everything, Bill, everything,'' she answered.
Analysts said Kuwait might have come under pressure from Saudi Arabia to cut production, which was estimated at about 50 percent above the 996,000-barrels-a-day quota set for it by OPEC earlier this year.
He needed 3 hours 18 minutes to capture the $215,000 first-place prize.
Grayton Beach has been a family resort for several generations.
The university recently announced a new $100 million development campaign, to be completed by the end of the century.
Sierra On-Line, the software company in the wonderfully named community of Coarsegold, Calif., has announced that it will include both 3.5-inch and 5.25-inch disks in its MS-DOS packages.
he said to the assistant, Christine Paulson, who is in training.
They will meet Florida, an 85-66 winner over Purdue here today, at Byrne Meadowlands Arena on Thursday.
For those interested in delving deeper into the city's life, the Urban Studies Center is in the same building as the Vistors' Center.
The middle section is by far the most successful as Ms. Burnett portrays a housewife from Tenafly, N.J., visiting her old high-school sweetheart, now a big Hollywood producer and smooth lecher.
''When a play like that works, it's a beauty,'' said Walton.
As a matter of fact, I was very definitely involved in the decisions about support to the freedom fighters - my idea to begin with.
They are trained in theology and other areas, but not in maintenance and restoration.''
An automatic cut of $36 billion would require a cut of about 6 percent in the 1988 military budget.
The game resolved very little, but it did provoke the new Ranger coach, Michel Bergeron, into his first fit of pique over his team's performance.
In London, the Financial Times 100 gained 31.4, to 1,689.1.
Board members said the main reason they rejected his candidacy was the notoriety surrounding Mr. Alvarado's resignation as Chancellor in 1984 amid allegations that he received more than $80,000 in loans from subordinates.
''The Iranians have often attacked Kuwaiti ships before,'' said Dominique Moisi, associate director of the French Institute for International Relations.
Before long, however, judicial terror began to acquire a deadly momentum of its own.
In the late 1970's and early 1980's, Congress began to deregulate the nation's financial institutions, dismantling laws and regulations under which banks and savings institutions had operated since the 1930's.
D1 Eastern Air Lines will lay off 3,500 employees, or 9 percent of its payroll, in a drastic move to cut costs.
Preliminaries are scheduled the first day.
He wrote the song especially for the bicentennial, he said.
The seminary first ordained a women as a rabbi in 1984.
Several thousands miles away in California, Eliot Rabin, a brilliant Jewish Kremlinologist, is languishing in his job at the soul-deadening DLIWC (Defense Language Institute West Coast), where he leads his class of future intelligence agents in translations of such useful phrases as, ''My military unit is now stationed at the outskirts of a major industrial center'' and ''Quiet!
The pianist Dick Hyman played Jerome Kern's ''I'm Old Fashioned.''
Chrysler's market share fell to 22.1 percent from the 27.6 percent combined share of Chrysler and A.M.C.
Developers Say Shock Fading But in the past 10 days, developers of large tracts of new housing indicate that the shock of the stock market decline is fading.
Mardi Gras Cruise March 20 - A four-hour cruise aboard the yacht Princess will benefit the Flushing Council on Culture and the Arts and its programs of free summer park concerts.
Later in life, Brenda became prey to an elaborately enumerated list of ailments.
''I can't say whether it was a false start, '' Foster said by telephone from his California home.
''Let's continue the progress,'' he said.
Until 1979, he was never allowed out of his tiny cell.
Extra telephones and typewriters will be available at the mansion for relocated staff members.
William Vincent Raszka 3d, U.S.A., served as best man.
Trafalgar Square was named for the Battle of Trafalgar in 1805, the decisive naval battle of the Napoleonic Wars.
''That is the function of comedy,'' he says.
''Consumers have to wait from six to eight weeks to get the check from the rebate coupons that they send in,'' he said.
They waited patiently as each one was processed.
Johnson manufactured a noose as he smiled a small smile.
Another museum for music lovers fills two rooms of the Paris Opera.
Koloskov said this imbalance must be changed, and he has instituted a new rule that gives the Sports Committee the right to disapprove the transfer of players to the Army team.
[ Excerpts, page A15. ]
They are truly neutral, and even though Robins selects the initial trustees, the court has final approval.''
''Detroit had to do it, and it didn't affect them,'' said Jones.
''Exchanging ideas can help us resolve these problems - to begin with, the debt.''
''With only 7 percent available, this was the optimum parcel of affordable land.''
Mr. Dornan, who has a long record of support for Israel and denied that his remarks were anti-Semitic.
Buffalo Shane Conlan Linebacker Penn State Led team with 75 tackles; intercepted Testaverde twice in Fiesta Bowl.
OF LOVE AND LOVERS One of the most memorable accomplishments of the film world was the 1936 production of ''Mayerling,'' which will be shown at 10:15 A.M. and 8 P.M. on Friday at the Ferguson Library on Broad Street in Stamford.
My ears filled with names: Janice, Jennifer, Marion, Melanie, Kristy, Amy, Elizabeth.
Every day during the renovation of the building and continuing now, neighborhood residents come by to ask for jobs.
When the ''21'' Club reopened earlier this year, with its polished rooms, big-name chefs and spiffy menu, there were murmurings in food circles about the chicken hash, the gratin of cod and potato and the calf's liver.
I know that is necessary, and good.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*NIAGARA MOHAWK POWER CORP (NYSE) 12mo April 30 1987 1986 Revenue 2,613,735,000 2,669,118,000 Net inc 390,089,000 412,269,000 Share earns 2.67 2.81 View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Rabbi Louis Bernstein performed the ceremony.
''And when you allow them to do that, certainly they become the most explosive team in hockey.
He rejected an offer to play Macbeth and Richard II for the Royal Shakespeare Company in order to tackle Turing, and he's far from regretting the decision.
But others say there is an undercurrent of resentment among some who have bid for dispossessed property and lost it to original owners, exercising their right of first refusal.
There are hot pies, sausage rolls, Cornish pasties and the ubiquitous smoked mackerel.
Haiti remained in the grip of a political crisis today, but the drama shifted from the streets to a series of meetings as some civilian leaders began to call for the ouster of the military Government.
A Detroit milliner in a nearby booth, Christelle Thomas, said, ''Customers like the fancy hats because they already have the basics.''
Guante, whom the Yankees obtained from Pittsburgh with Rick Rhoden, agreed to a $405,000 salary.
His eldest son, Gustavo, an air force colonel, has occasionally been mentioned, and the Army commander, Gen. Andres Rodriguez, is said to harbor ambitions, but neither has a significant political following.
Holly Becker was the maid of honor.
But the plan has bequeathed a totally disordered economy, one in which the relative pricing structure has been destroyed.
The union represents news writers and producers, editors, video and audio technicians, graphic artists and desk assistants at NBC in New York, Los Angeles, Washington, Chicago, Cleveland and San Francisco.
Although the Kern and most of the Gershwin scores were not orchestrated by their composers, ''the importance of the original orchestrations cannot be overestimated,'' Mr. Kimball said.
Sunday OPERA WINNERS' CONCERT About 2,000 singers enter the Metropolitan Opera National Council Auditions every year.
PERHAPS HE WAS ONLY RESTING AFTER LONG labor; or perhaps it was the calm that sometimes descends with the acquisition of very large quantities of money.
Her father is the chairman of Ember Products, which makes industrial filters in Clifton, N.J. Mr. Sargent, a graduate of Haverford College who received an M.B.A. from Harvard University, is a management consultant for Bain & Company in Boston.
I would consider that a first step.''
''Water main breaks are good,'' he said.
More recently, Pat Adamski, who lives in Greenwich Village with her husband, Edwin Burrows, and who weeds before going to work, looked over her burgeoning backyard one day last week and said contentedly, ''Puttering in my garden makes New York tolerable.''
Five seasons, George, five seasons.
That feature makes it easier to do high-quality rivets on large curved parts.
He missed all three of his 3-pointers in the second half, and his brilliant career ended with an air ball.
It wasn't long after Green arrived at the Pistons' training camp last weekend that he was reminded about his status with the team.
Before becoming a Federal judge, he served as assistant prosecutor for Muskegon County and as a circuit court judge.
And from this state of mind arises the usual dream: ''If only I had another shot at it, another chance to prove what I can do .
Andrew Greely, Roman Catholics in the United States are contributing half as much to their churches as they did 25 years ago, while contributions from Protestants have remained about the same.
Chambers and Mr. Morrow seemed to draw inspiration, rounded out the program.
A final irony: in our passion for a getaway, we are killing the thing we love.
It requires a strong personality, a leader type, to live with it.''
Miss Buford said a counselor from Hunter would conduct personal interviews with some of the dropouts to determine what the school could do to help them continue their education.
They are regular undergraduate courses, although they tend to attract slightly older students than daytime courses.
''He's a man of infinite cheer,'' says Gregory Mosher, who directed ''A Life in the Theater,'' the Chicago and Broadway productions of ''Glengarry,'' and who will also direct ''Speed the Plow.''
Her father is merchandise manager of the men's wear division of Dan River Inc. in New York.
''They are mostly buying secondhand Western equipment or are turning to Chinese or East European supplies for cut-rate weaponry.''
The small room seemed to swell up with struggle and shouts - women and children everywhere, hugging, kissing, clutching, crying out.
The owners of Potamkin Cadillac are encountering difficulty in selling their Manhattan dealership to Penske in part because of a delay by G.M.
Prospects of a Veto If the proposal survives the Thursday vote, it will be the second time this week that the Senate has adopted provisions that opponents argued would guarantee a Presidential veto of the trade bill.
Senator Pete Wilson, a California Republican who has been active in the cause of Soviet cancer patients seeking medical treatment in the West, organized the show of support for Dr. Charny.
The jail would be built on 105 acres adjoining the state prison known as the Arthur Kill Correctional Facility.
Looking for new areas in which to buy is Kearns's constant preoccupation.
''I do not feel I could be sure of his return,'' the judge replied.
The impending turn of the spending cycle may hurt even worse than usual.
''I went through every kind of emotion you can imagine.
Mary Thomas, who raised nine children alone in a Chicago ghetto, protested.
John Macurdy lent suave, resonant tones to the part of the cuckolded Hunding, and seethed with appropriate anger.
The usual Sunday night agenda in our house was: Jack Benny, Charlie McCarthy, bath and bed.
report, Raymond visited Mrs. Bussard the next evening in Boca Raton and ''cursed her repeatedly'' when she demanded to know where her husband was.
It has become part of Lvov University.
The tour, by shuttle minibus and walking, begins at Flatbush Tompkins Church, East 19th Street and Dorchester Road.
Growth rates for most regions except Africa have come down since the mid-1960's, in some cases more than was expected, the report states.
But the best is the now well-known view of a stiff collar reposing on a checkerboard.
In humans the organism can cause birth defects and infant deaths.
By the mid 1970's, the system was envisioned as having 60 satellites, each one 55 square miles in size - an area the size of Manhattan - in stationary orbits 22,300 miles above the earth.
The Bills have closed practice to reporters for the first time since 1983, when the opponents were the Raiders.
''Our belief is that people work differently when they own something,'' Mr. Kwiker said in the article.
Coyolxauhqui, as one version of the myth goes, met her fate when she fought with her brother, the war god Huitzilopochtli, and lost.
A successor as president is expected to be named later.
The measure will affect 110 private blood banks, many of them operating along the northern border with the United States.
Watching the new English hit at the Broadway Theater, an American theatergoer feels the unmistakable sensation that much more than a turntable is coming full circle.
These are bad days indeed.
The first was that the bombers would be armed with standoff weapons and would not carry bombs.
When the slender, domed skyscraper reached its full height, it measured 810.67 feet.
Chris orders the recalcitrant tablet.
''What makes them so good?''
He died at 7:23 P.M., said John Silers, spokesman for the Department of Corrections.
Maj. Gen. Salvadaor Mison, General Ramos's deputy, said 18 officers, including one general, were involved in the plot.
Her dreamy stroll was interrupted by a short stranger.
The cost for a replacement may have risen to $1,500.''
Yet this sprawling seaside wilderness resting atop generations of garbage offers city dwellers an unexpected opportunity to explore a very uncitylike environment of lush salt marshes inhabited by egrets, herons and an abundance of other waterfowl.
I'd like to play Saturday, but I probably won't know for sure if I'll be able to until after the warm-ups.''
Although that attack came from Iraq, not Iran, it did little to relieve the tension in Washington and, presumably, in other capitals that have interests in that region.
* SBK Entertainment World Inc., a music publishing and entertainment concern, said Robert V. Condon had joined the company as senior vice president of finance and chief financial officer.
The space would be heated and air conditioned.
Miss Prime, a graduate of Stanford University, is enrolled in the doctoral program in clinical psychology at the Pacific Graduate School of Psychology in Menlo Park, Calif.
Hill & Wang, a division of Farrar, Straus, is known for its American history and its Dramabooks.
He also said the four dissenters on an A.B.A.
Suddenly I was back in the groove.
SINCE the early 1970's Norman Raber, president of Blackman & Raber Ltd., has been involved in a minor way with major advertisers.
And while the computerized trading did not cause the market slide, he said, it greased the skids.
Mr. Tomonaga used elements of bunraku, the Japanese classical puppet theater.
In a modified radical mastectomy surgeons remove the entire breast and some nearby lymph nodes.
For example, terrorist is the word most of us would use to characterize Eduardo Arocena, who was convicted in Federal court two years ago of bombings in New York City and Miami and of the assassination in New York of an attache at the Cuban Mission to the United Nations, as well as the attempted assassination of the Cuban ambassador.
The play, whose name translates as ''Arise, Albert!,'' is a satirical fable about the Second Coming of the Messiah in South Africa.
Mr. Maloney declined to comment yesterday on Mr. Spero or his ties to any of the victims.
By late in the day, the Treasury's 7 1/2 percent bonds due in 2016 were offered at 100 7/32, down 10/32, to yield 7.48 percent, while the 6 5/8 percent notes due in 1992 were offered at 99 5/8, down 3/32, to yield 6.98 percent.
Mears sees his role differently.
''After that,'' Alford said, ''it wasn't anything the players did but the communication from the coaches that got us back in the game.''
Agriculture is declining fast, and real estate is too expensive for anyone not already here seriously to begin ranching.
This could have been a graveyard in my native Ireland, for so many of the names were familiar: ''Patricia McNamara of Limerick, July 8, 1853''; the McCarthy family, ''all natives of Co. Cork''; William Wade, ''a native of Clonmel, Co.
Since his arrest, he said, Mr. Razo has alternated from moods of ''elation that it's over,'' to depression.
The Cuban participation in the Pan American Games has been laced with political overtones.
A system for alerting a pilot about a collision threat has received a patent.
A major part of the costs were met at a benefit performance by the Alvin Ailey Dance group last December, which raised $55,000.
Bruce Babbitt decreed last year.
''I think there are better ways of taking those dollars and focusing them on people who would have the need to know instead of this shotgun approach,'' said Linda Brooks, director of infection control for the American Hospital Association.
Kookaburra was in hot pursuit, holding course to windward of Star & Stripes in an effort to force Conner over the line early.
On Sept. 6, Cablevision came out with Total Television, a new weekly cable-television magazine.
The Texas authorities say that the new law is not aimed at Mexicans crossing the border, and that Mexican drivers in border areas will not be singled out.
Five years after Champlain's discovery of it, the voyageurs were using it, and the forests began to resound to the songs that accompanied the rhythmic paddling of Frenchmen.
''We made the trade mainly to get a little better balance of right-handers and left-handers on the staff,'' he added.
That statement was made by The Economist, the conservative British weekly.
A dresser of local renown, my mother went around in Great Aunt Bertha's blouses.
''Her idea of chairing a meeting is to announce at the beginning what the outcome ought to be and then to fight without quarter for her position,'' says one associate.
But aides to Mr. Reagan have said that it would be ''unrealistic'' to assume that the Abshire appointment would somehow blunt the attention paid to the Iran arms issue within the White House and enable Mr. Reagan to avoid the issue.
Moscow News Publishes Details Jews demonstrated here five days last week for Mr. Begun's release.
He snipped the ribbon for a new heliport in 1958, helped establish the Maryland Port Authority in 1956 and saw the opening of the harbor tunnel in 1957.
''She may have gone in to buy stationery but now she's coming in to buy things for the home because it's being put together properly.''
Back in the 30's, they lasted longer, and so the fall from the throne was more dramatic than it is now.''
Despite the feeling of confidence in OPEC, the key question at its 81st meeting is whether the plan announced last December - to raise production to 16.6 million barrels a day in this year's third quarter and to 18.3 million in the fourth quarter -would cause the supply to exceed the demand and drag the price below $18 again.
For the week, the Dow gained 45.53 points, mostly on the strength of an explosive session Tuesday, when it surged a record 75.23 points.
Houghton (R) N Pennsylvania 1.
''He was bound by his brief, constantly checked the Soviet position with colleagues and was clearly a man in unfamiliar territory,'' a Western diplomat said.
The beads, however, fall in seconds in a single operation.
''But I miss my friends, so I'm thinking of looking for a teaching job so I can come back.''
In a response to the company dated Dec. 13, 1951, the district engineer of the state's Department of Public Works, Lacy Ketchum, warned that a bridge of at least 590 feet would be required merely to keep the channel at its width at the time.
Instead, he has been a desk-bound analyst of the information gathered by others.
Gerald Tsai Jr. was named chairman of the American Can Company yesterday, succeeding William S. Woodside, who is retiring Jan. 31.
According to Bill, he and his wife have come to understand the destructive behavior of the stepson.
A shot with a bit of a hook could hit the Franciscan friary almost directly ahead.
This notion is challenged by some leftist Turkish Cypriots who say the island's north is in danger of being swamped by Anatolians with a different outlook than Turkish Cypriots, who have been molded more in Western ways by a century of British colonial rule and exposure to outsiders.
The share earnings are fully diluted.
The board named James L. Bast to succeed him.
They claim that State is miserably mismanaged and that its projected cut of 1,270 jobs is deliberately meant to stir alarm.
But she's also loving, often kind.
THE American Jazz Orchestra, the recently formed repertory group that completed its first season of four concerts last spring, presented a sampling from those concerts in a JVC Jazz Festival appearance at Cooper Union on Wednesday evening.
''It's lakefront property - a big seller down here,'' he says jovially.
And unlike the mainstream companies, Continental lets people purchase small amounts of coverage, though at proportionally higher rates, Mr. Dempsey said.
But they said: ''It is unreasonable for Congress to provide large sums of unfettered additional money for the B-1 while so many doubts remain about the aircraft's capability to penetrate foreign airspace and about the Air Force's capability to operate the program.''
Mr. Addeo did not seem sympathetic.
Each Northeast Kingdom pond has one pair of nesting loons.
The offer is for $50 a share in cash, but the shares quickly surpassed that on the New York Stock Exchange, closing at $53.125, up $11.125.
Displays of woodwork in Sarchi range from a few trays, lamps or chairs in a woodworker's front yard to two major showrooms.
The director and cast are resourceful enough to drop guards, and allow us glimpses behind facades.
Iran and Iraq, as expected, gave sharply diverging reactions today to the Security Council resolution, with Iraq portraying it as positive and Iran calling it unjust.
Governor Martinez summoned the legislature into special session this week to repeal the tax outright, but the Democrats, who control both houses, may have other ideas.
The Bronx plan had been approved earlier.
But is is a great relief that the promise that President Roosevelt made in 1943, that Nazi war criminals would be 'pursued to the uttermost ends of the earth,' has finally been kept in the Linnas case.''
1 Mixed reactions in Louisiana 7 An accused child molester has no constitutional right to attend a hearing on the child's competency to testify, the Supreme Court ruled.
An ebulliently melodic improviser in a strict jazz setting, Mr. D'Rivera brought his characteristic bubbling animation to short pieces by Carlos Franzetti, Angel Lasala, Ignacio Cervantes, and to Heitor Villa-Lobos's three-movement Fantasia for Clarinet and Piano.
Meanwhile, Mr. Scorsese has also been helping graduate students from the film division of the School of the Arts at Columbia University, where he taught last fall and this spring, to edit their films.
As for such heavy matters as nuclear destruction and the Holocaust, Ms. Ensler hasn't found a way to scoon those cats.
In recent weeks, anticipation of the anniversary of India's independence on Aug. 15, 1947, has unleashed an almost bitter outpouring of introspection and commentary.
West Virginia finished 6-6, with five of its losses coming by 5 points or fewer.
In court yesterday, Mr. Giaimo, who said he represented 1,400 homeowners, declared that ''it is time the city realized that people in neighborhoods have rights too.''
At the other end of the street, by Rue de Charenton, is a second charcuterie, A la Ville d'Aurillac, with similar offerings, including the wooden shoes.
Gray's gestural work may be in some way about touch, but there is in fact little touching within it.
''They don't mind helping with the expenses, taking up the slack.''
Mr. Simon has said he does not believe he violated the cultural boycott.
The study portrays an electorate closely divided on many key issues, and it suggests that Americans are deeply ambivalent and divided within themselves about many of the social changes of the last two decades.
Judging from reactions in the Israeli-occupied West Bank and from commentators around the Arab world, the raid was becoming a boost to the Palestinian national movement just as it had seemed to be almost totally eclipsed by the Iran-Iraq war.
Mr. Schwarz has carved out a niche for himself that concentrates on reasonably accessible mainstream composers, the kind that would leap at an orchestral commission if one came their way, but also ventures occasionally toward more rigorous academics.
Is he becoming an advocate for clandestine military action instead of offering a cool, pro-fessional evaluation?
The Sterns sat on the floor with the baby, ''with all their attention focused on her and her activities,'' he said.
On the other, the author must offer his work.''
On Tuesday, American and Soviet officiials announced they had resolved remaining differences over the treaty, so it could be signed at the summit meeting.
All at once a station wagon pulled up.
Developers then sowed suburban towers across the countryside, each building complete with acres of parking spaces and its own herd of business jobs.
What might be called the Arias-Wright-Shultz-Baker-Reagan peace plan for Central America represents progress, inside the Administration at least.
Bernie can't even get out to eat in Cleveland,'' said Ernie Accorsi, the Browns' executive vice president for football operations, referring to Bernie Kosar, the quarterback.
The search for the right business can take as long as eight months.
Willie Randolph, Yankees, infielder -$875,000 a year guaranteed for 1987 and '88, plus incentive bonuses.
The two exchanges have different trading systems and floor procedures, and New York Merc officials had said that any merger would have to address those differences.
* Try not to feel as if you're looking for a job.
Part of the focus derives from the West's looking in - a fascination fed by the biblical tradition, the role of the Jew in the Christian world, guilt over the Holocaust, and yes, probably also some traditional anti-Semitism.
An appeal would have to be made within 15 days.
He had been arrested after killing someone.
''It will extend the potential life of analog studios by at least four to five years.''
So he was sent to New York for tests at Roosevelt Hospital and for treatment by Dr. John Olichny, the team's internal-medicine specialist.
He's just more determined to get the job done.''
Indeed, most of the book is devoted to the interaction of divergent elite groups (or ''class factions,'' as Mr. Abraham calls them) and their inability to forge lasting coalitions among themselves and create a stable mass base under the conditions of a parliamentary democratic republic.
Things are somewhat different for union members.
About 60 percent of the harvested eggs hatch, and the chicks are kept away from their parents in a separate pen.
Another example involves the Iran-contra scandals.
Given that extending the Beaux-Arts aspect of the original building could have seemed suffocatingly coy, a strong new design could have been based on what might be called the building's high-tech aspect, creating metal structures within the huge space as if a latter-day Eiffel had been called in.
New Seven-Year Notes The Treasury said yesterday that it would auction $6.5 billion of new seven-year notes next Wednesday.
Routine play - even the high-level routine that dispatched Sokolov - will not unseat Kasparov.
MCA Inc., the entertainment concern, has a 50 percent interest in Cineplex.
With the 72-hour waiver they were granted, the pilgrims will be allowed to remain in Texas through Monday.
Sound Associates now controls the infrared market, according to Pauline Davies, sales representative at Hearing Instruments.
''Fifty-four years is a long time,'' he said.
The phrenologist Franz Joseph Gall mapped intellectual and moral traits onto the convolutions of the brain, which the German philosopher F. A. Lange described as ''a parliament of little men together.''
As with Bob Marley, there is a tendency to build up some one individual as opposed to the culture he came from.
IT'S easy to say what Karen Monson's ''Blood on the Saddle'' wasn't.
To do so would not have been an act of humiliation but a demonstration of insight and courage.
But for the American Music Festival, all the music is American, most of it is modern, and a larger-than-normal proportion branches out into the areas of mainstream as well as vanguard jazz, show tunes, New Age and country-folk music.
While the state government has a large surplus because its main source of revenue is the sales tax, municipalities get most of their money from property taxes, which remain relatively stable even in the best of economic times.
But the dead hand of the present should not lay on the future: let tomorrow's people decide who they want to be their President.
Interest rates were little changed late in the day after the Federal Reserve announced a $2.3 billion rise in the nation's basic money supply, to $752.9 billion, for the week ended Aug. 24.
Reporters started asking him what he thought, not what Howard Baker was thinking.
But we also have about 50 who go out and run anywhere from 2 to 8 miles and then come back and shower and change.''
''It acts as a catalyst, drawing out and inspiring more people each year to take an interest in community beautification.''
's provision for secrecy pledges.
The year-ago figures restated for accounting change.
News of his application for a pardon was originally reported today in The Los Angeles Times.
The palace is a far cry from the peaceful and pastoral aspects of Mysore and its countryside celebrated in the novels and short stories of its most famous literary resident, R. K. Narayan, whose fictional village of Malguidi is set in the vicinity.
But you don't owe thousands on a personality machine, or if you do you're not risking said machine in the station parking lots.
Its location 80 miles from Boston and 150 miles from New York is considered ideal for development.
Mr. Deaver and his lawyers refused, one person said, adding that an indictment could come later this week.
Last May, he underwent extensive surgery for varicose veins in the esophagus, and there were fears at the time that he might not survive.
It's Christmas; can you say, ''Who cares?''
But Dr. Donahue, noting the lack of strong White House backing for NASA's purchase of rockets, said, ''It's not clear to me that we've turned the corner on this issue.''
Ruling on Hart Funds A ruling on whether the Gary Hart campagn can receive matching funds may be crucial to whether it will declare bankruptcy.
THESE developments create new challenges for companies accustomed to selling to adult women.
Eight other reputed guerrillas were wounded and arrested, and four intelligence agents were reported wounded.
Central Park programs, sponsored by the Central Park Conservancy and the Department of Parks and Recreation.
According to testimony from a senior C.I.A.
Stravinsky's pristine score is unforgiving to the slipshod orchestra, and throughout the evening the composer's pungent gestures and graceful turns of phrase were rendered lifeless and garbled.
In addition, other Justice Department officials said there had been no evidence that the recent theater acquisitions by studios threatened to hinder others from entering the distribution or theater business.
Russians move around here more than in the European part of the country, and the Yakuts, whose population is about 350,000, all know one another.
''Finally,'' Mr. Sovern said, ''I couldn't wait any longer.''
Q-K2ch), NxPch; 13 BxN, RxQ.
Orange, Conn. $210,000 725 Racebrook Road 3-bedroom, 1 1/2-bath, 50-year-old Cape Cod; remodeled, 2-car garage, 150- by 160-foot lot; taxes $1,285.
It's just that he's been getting special delight from the victory ritual in which Harry Carson sneaks up on Coach Bill Parcells and dumps a cooler of Gatorade on his head.
He has raised only $1.5 million so far and, to stay in the race, has borrowed some $500,000 against expected Federal matching funds.
Certainly the Countess herself (Felicity Lott) came closer to abandoning herself physically to this Cherubino than in any staging in memory.
White Pine Chamber of Commerce, Post Office Box 239, 636 Aultman Street, Ely, Nev. 89301; 702-289-8877.
She was then in her early 80's, but enjoyed making people think of her as quite a bit younger.
The British and, especially, the French were less skeptical.
In addition, it appears the P.L.O.
The second plant I picked up at a greenhouse in New England this summer.
What was so surprising to me 25 years ago was that a song like 'Desafinado,' which was an in-joke, and not designed to be on the hit parade, became an international hit.''
After the Collins-Martinez match on Saturday, Kenneth Gould of Rockford, Ill., will meet Juan Lemus, the 19-year-old world welterweight champion.
''They conveyed a genuine concern that it was not good for the image of the United States to buy Japanese technology in this area,'' the provost said.
Nordiques 7, Whalers 5 HARTFORD (AP) - John Ogrodnick scored his third goal of the game with 1 minute 7 seconds left and Mike Eagles added an empty-net score with 41 seconds left for Quebec.
And as I said the other day, if someone were to ask me to arbitrate - and I'm sure that they won't - but since we have hypothetical questions, this is another hypothetical answer - if I were asked to arbitrate as to what should be done with the remaining funds that are in accounts or wherever, once those bills were paid and the liens were covered and the expenses that had accrued were taken care of, I think every single penny that's left ought to go to the Nicaraguan resistance - Q.
Mont Blanc Puzzle Reached by telephone, Dr. Frederick Reines of the University of California Irvine, said that the nearly perfect timing between the neutrino pulses detected in Japan and Ohio virtually rules out any source other than the supernova.
in the first round and went on to win the N.C.A.A.
''We talk about the spiritual aspects of death, but we don't give a particular religious orientation,'' he said.
Those occurred in the contracts signed in 1985, when newly hired civilian employees received reduced vacation time during their first four years of service, and secretaries at the Board of Education lost the right to take sabbatical leaves.
goes ahead with its proposal to make listed options equally competitive.
''I want them to have a good education,'' Pamela said.
''And she's very thankful to the students for coming forward.''
At scores of laboratories, scientists have been racing to demonstrate commercial applications of the new superconductors, which promise to transform many electrical technologies by virtue of their ability to carry current without loss.
Is not the openness of that kind of account glasnost with a depth of significance exceeding the missing reports that Mr. Kimmage looked for?
The resurfacing, which was announced yesterday by officials of the New York Racing Association at a news conference, is being undertaken because of the track's poor drainage.
''I had to figure out how to provoke a fight with a frog,'' he said.
In some respects, Mr. Garvey's approach was hard-nosed.
Mr. Gorbachev opened his speech with indirect criticism of the Stalin and Brezhnev years.
I went to that fight with my Uncle Paul, and I thought Norton won it for sure.
He did not choose the sharp Exchange Variation, 4 PxP, PxP; 5 B-B4, very likely because Karpov had countered it with effortless ease in the 12th game.
Some traces of the late 20th century have crept aboard.
Giardiasis, an intestinal infection that can cause diarrhea, fever and dehydration, is caused by cysts found in the bodies and feces of beavers, dogs and man.
A Robert Wilson Work The series will include a number of artists both well known and less familiar, of the sort encountered at the Brooklyn Academy of Music's Next Wave Festival and in other downtown performance spaces.
Cook at 100 percent for six minutes, 30 seconds.
Among the names on it were Bob Watson, Bobby Tolan, Cookie Rojas, Al Bumbry and Dave Nelson.
That is strikingly evident on the question of sanctions against South Africa.
Democrats pressed Professor Tribe to describe the differences between the two nominees.
Eye on the Outside World Young people in Hong Kong are still seeking residency permits abroad or at least a foreign education that might be a toehold if an escape is necessary later.
to take a broad look at the bight as it is now and as it will be in years ahead,'' Mr. Bradley and Mr. Lautenberg said in a joint statement.
Evert beat Wendy White, 6-3, 6-4, and Larissa Savchenko of the Soviet Union, seeded No.
Admission is free, and no reservations are necessary.
Father Aristide leans forward until his face looms inches from my own.
Sim Simych himself appears, there is a revolution, and Sim establishes a new czarist regime, little different from what went before.
Andre Dawson's name-the-salary deal with the Chicago Cubs hasn't broken the barriers for other unsigned free agents, but developments today showed that all is not quiet on the free-agent front.
The Vintage Jazz series opens tomorrow evening at 8 with the father-son team of Bucky and John Pizzarelli.
I have found the most durable ones for hard traveling at ski or mountaineering shops because the manufacturers use tough material and strong zippers meant to hold up in tough conditions.
''The well blew an incredible amount of hot water and steam,'' said Dr. William Laughlin of the lab's geochemistry department.
The room is clean, well-ventilated, with a variety of colors and textures.
When Connors was broken again on a double fault in the third game of the second set, the match looked all but over.
At least one Arab guerrilla, whether by luck or design, flew what appeared to be a home-made hang glider, with an engine about the size of a lawn mower's, to a point next to the base.
It will post three 900 telephone numbers on which, for 50 cents a pop, viewers can log in whether they agree with Snyder's choice on the winning team and the score, agree on the team but disagree on the score, or disagree on the team.
Mix well and pour over oranges and olives.
''The greatest challenge for those of us who live in freedom is to recognize the ties of common interest that bind us, to prove wrong those cynics who would suggest that free enterprise and democracy lead to shortsighted policies and undisciplined self-interest,'' Mr. Reagan said.
He promised that ''the Government will prove that a municipal agency, the New York City Parking Violations Bureau, was turned into an enterprise for illegal profit'' and said each defendant had a role in what he described as its ''plunder.''
18 Thai cabinet pressured by farmers 3 Talks founder in Zimbabwe 3 Filipino rebel runs for Senate 4 Japan rebuked on Hanoi trade 6 U.S. bars a prize-winning pianist 21 Risks growing in A-war systems 23 National 26-39, 50-53, 60-62 2,3.9,q>Amnesty for illegal aliens will begin to be claimed under the new immigration law on Tuesday.
The opening scene introduces a waif, a sailor, a newsboy and a cigarette girl - familiar as types from the art of the period.
Instead, hikers, joggers and cross-country skiers travel on top of this 19th-century engineering marvel, part of which is a linear park.
The agent was identified as Edward White, 43 years old, who was assigned to the Franklin Township F.B.I.
After 40 years of straining to match each other to deter a pre-emptive first strike, the superpowers are now hoping to reverse the escalation and begin the ticklish process of climbing down without losing their footing.
There's no way you can make a million dollars and not think you should do more.
HOW FAR can you push a teapot?
Ron will be arriving tonight, and he expects his history.
The wall to the right of the audience in this roomy fourth-floor studio at 211 West 61st Street consists entirely of mirrors.
He missed all of last season with a chipped pelvic bone.
Without a probable cause, the officer must ask the driver to sign a form consenting to a search.
Henderson, who went on the disabeled list June 5 with a pulled right hamstring, originally was expected back last Monday.
To get back to the story's significance, the case is made by Jimmy, in a plea to higher-ups, that the experiments are not really necessary.
Dinner for 'Heavy Hitters' In addition, Mr. Hart appeared at a fund-raiser last night at the apartment of Mark Green on East 90th Street and was planning a dinner for 40 ''heavy hitters,'' as Hart aides described them, at the 101 Club this evening.
Her father is the managing partner of Greenwich Options Inc. in New York, an investment firm specializing in stock options.
Similar sentiments were expressed in a communique as the group's second summit meeting closed Friday.
He also said there were ''immense'' reserves of natural gas suitable for processing into methanol that were now being flared off or otherwise going to waste.
That, of course, would be the worst policy of all.
In the matador painting, it is the slab of pink that is easily mistaken for a tongue, and the cylindrical form beside the figure that could be a horse.
''If the reader can love this ungainly, crotchety, but not at all stupid man,'' the translator says of Goncharov, ''he will like the book; if not, it will annoy him.''
He is survived by his wife, the former Genevieve Bowman, and a son, Gregory, of Spokane, Wash.
In our free capitalistic society people must like the results of advertising, or the industry would not survive.
This Wednesday's session, called ''Baby Brigade,'' drew about 85 parents and babies when it was first offered three years ago.
She said that by focusing on the African National Congress as the central feature of its campaign the ruling National Party had acknowledged that the Congress was the ''real opposition.''
A Gothic Revival library, which opens to the public on March 12, is the latest period room to be assembled in the American wing of the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
Mrs. Goldstein and her son, Evan, who is the restaurant's sommelier, share the cooking chores at home.
Mr. Schumacher, who was out of town and unavailable for comment yesterday, last week cited overly complex food and a cold decor as two reasons the restaurant failed to take off after its latest reincarnation six months ago under Mr. Tivy and the consulting chef Joachim Splichal.
Mr. Hnatyshyn said Canada's preference would be to hold any future trials in Canada.
Threat of Further Retaliation But Senate leaders sent a strong letter today warning the Japanese of further retaliation.
In addition to the outdoor summer gala, the museum holds a Christmas concert in Hawaiian Hall for six nights during the holiday season.
I ate dinner at the Cerromar's supper club, the Costa de Oro, where my $27.50 dinner allowance covered the meal but not the pleasant performance by a troupe of flamenco dancers from Spain, for which there was an $8 surcharge.
Site for Temporary Facility No location was designated for the temporary storage facility, but Senator Johnston said it was likely to be in the East.
Fifteen major projects are scheduled to receive more money, the biggest of which is the Central Arizona Project, which would receive $276 million, $70 million more than the previous year.
The issue could become important if the two differed about what to do if management rejected an adequate offer.
The case has stunned this quiet, well-to-do suburb southeast of Hartford.
So your base salary becomes pocket money and spending becomes a matter of manifesting your bonus.''
The upturn in scores for black and Hispanic students coincided with putting into force the Federal Title I compensatory education programs for disadvantaged children and with desegregation efforts, so these could have made a ''modest contribution to the relative gains'' of such students.
He was for girls who were traditional, predictable, who played by the rules.
The agency has four clients, Ms. Jones said, and two of them she feels free to mention: She is a consultant to the National Distillers and Chemical Corporation on De Kuyper's Peachtree Schnapps, for which Batten, Barton, Durstine & Osborn does the general advertising, and she has another client, Kenmark Optical in Louisville, Ky., for which she will do the promotion for Billy Dee's Eyewear, named for the actor Billy Dee Williams.
He also anticipates that OPEC would seek to push up its official price by $1 or $2 a barrel at the December meeting of the 13 member nations.
At issue in Delaware is whether Consolidated Gold Fields P.L.C.
St. John's Prep of Queens and Bishop Loughlin of Brooklyn open the tournament followed by Sayville of Long Island against Xaverian.
Washington can impede their task - or can help by removing obstacles and providing incentives.
''Paraquat is not listed as a hazardous waste under Federal law,'' Mr. Piaggione said.
He said he was hunting with a friend and was trying to check his gun when it discharged by mistake.
The Met players gazed at their rings yesterday, but only exuberant Gary Carter, the self-styled ''Kid,'' waved his ring in the air, the way he waves when he hits home runs.
But the report explains in new detail the Administration's case for urging other big countries to prod their economies and to reduce their record surpluses in trade with the United States.
The Shonas account, roughly, for four-fifths of the population.
b-Includes tax credits of $695,000 and $1,400,000 for the quarter and year, respectively.
3 4 17 HIS WAY, by Kitty Kelley.
.Testified for prosecution at New Haven trial in exchange for reduced charges.
Although the product appears to be a very good machine, one caveat is in order.
The station, serviced by the shuttle and other space vehicles, should support construction of the lunar colony and orbiting factories to produce some of the needed materials.
board member, said during about three hours of debate on the Stewart case.
But he remains a member of the Central Committee and serves as chief adviser to the Institute of Economics of the Academy of Sciences ''The present circumstances reminds us of the 1970's,'' Mr. Nyers said in the interview.
Transportation Average Up The Texas Air Corporation, the parent of Continental, closed at $36.50, up $1, as the most active issue on the American Stock Exchange, and the AMR Corporation, parent of American Airlines, closed at $58.125, up 87.5 cents, in New York Stock Exchange trading.
Not to be outmaneuvered, Dr. Arias adopted the Greek symbol for Aquarius, a pair of waves in a circle.
His father is of counsel to Hahn, Loeser & Parks, a Cleveland law firm.
Senator Alan Simpson of Wyoming may obstruct reauthorization of the Endangered Species Act, as he did during the 99th Congress, unless it is amended to permit increased hunting of federally protected species, such as wolves and grizzlies.
Boruga Capellan, he said, lacks the strong aftertaste typical of most yogurt drinks currently sold in the States.
He is known to have been angered with Mr. Wright for dealing directly with President Ortega, but he was a key to the President's acceptance of the Reagan-Wright plan in support of the Guatemalan peace agreement.
She moved to New Rochelle and two years later she married Mr. Tassone.
''At U.C.L.A., we have 50 million feet of nitrate film sitting in vaults.
At the Tomi Theater, 23 West 73d Street.
In a different sort of film, those glimpses would destroy any possibility of suspense.
'They'll Be Interested Soon' The Senate committee's top Republican, Warren B. Rudman of New Hampshire, said he sensed that his constituents had temporarily lost interest.
New proof of the links between mental problems and overall health has been mustered in a large study of 29,915 Federal employees and their families who filed claims for mental-health treatment with Aetnafrom 1980 to 1983.
Before this autumn, however, it was difficult to find an analyst who was skeptical of growth prospects for The Limited, which had evolved in recent years from a single retail concept into a heady mix of eight types of stores.
During that period the notion gained currency that everybody could have access to what was part of an aristocratic system of taste.''
In Eiseley's case this love stemmed from his deep recognition of the odds against any life in an indifferent and constantly shifting cosmos.
Lawyer Even with the new ethics bill, most legislators agree that no law could cover every possible situation.
The time for getting away from it all -the damp and chill of the northern winter - has arrived.
But they need to be set within the larger context of the man and his undeniable talents.
In the last week of December, his group and a group at Bell Laboratories in New Jersey simultaneously made the first public announcements of the breakthrough that had begun in Zurich.
Secules's pass to Ford gave the Cavaliers a 22-9 lead.
The occasion will be a $500-a-plate dinner held by Independent Action, the progressive political action committee founded by Representative Morris K. Udall of Arizona in 1981 and now headed by Senator Tom Harkin of Iowa.
The result was a play called ''Even Stephen,'' a satire on book publishing and mating habits in academia.
* * * At Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, Vicki Lynn, head of the career development center, applauded the idea of a required career course.
But it can't be bad character alone that's responsible for my alienation from a city where I've spent most of my life and about which I used to say that a day away was a day lost.''
SELLING A VIEW FROM THE INSIDE WASHINGTON - THE invitation, on heavy cream stock, arrived two weeks ago.
That language was changed because ''the modern state of Israel cannot be validated theologically,'' said David Lenegar, a delegate from Bethel, S.C., who worked on the revisions.
He studied the Renaissance more thoroughly, eliminating all suggestion of Cubist angularity and simultaneity in favor of unified space.
The small company would hardly seem the right outfit to present this very grand, very 19th-century production.
At Guild 50th Street, west of Fifth Avenue; Paramount, 61st Street and Broadway; D. W. Griffith, 59th Street and Third Avenue; 34th Street Showplace, between Second and Third Avenues; Movie Center 5, 125th Street, between Powell and Douglass Boulevards.
Part of the meeting's purpose, he said, would be to aid residents who may have been traumatized by the collapse.
''As the Navy would say, this happened on my watch,'' Mr. Reagan said.
''And why did I start losing it?''
Equipment: Electronic countermeasures to foil enemy radar.
When he completed his studies at Curtis, he joined the Pittsburgh Symphony, and in 1975, when he was 20, he became principal cellist of the Cincinnati Symphony.
Instead, if she is released from Bellevue Hospital Center, where she is now being held, she plans to live in a residence that offers support services to the homeless and people in need.
It is not her study that is flawed, she said, but the previous analyses, which, she maintained, failed to treat the nonprofits' tax-exempt status as a $5 billion gift from society that is only justified if the nonprofits are providing extra services worth that much.
The major paintings are all there, too, with a few exceptions: Neither the Frick in Manhattan nor the Wallace Gallery in London lend; so visitors to the exhibition in Paris can see neither the admirable panels painted for Mme.
Of the last five incumbent Presidents who ran for re-election at a time of divided Government (Truman, Eisenhower, Nixon, Ford and Reagan) all but Ford were re-elected.
The boy is too young and too exalted to want to look in the mirror and be recalled to himself; but in the end Mme.
A small ceramic shopping bag, a joke housewarming gift, has found its place on the tree along with the brass butterfly given to me by one of my piano students.
Fourthly, while realistically assessing the fact that differences still exist, and on some points those differences are very serious indeed, we do not regard them as being insurmountable.
Ms. McGillion said that two officers responded to the anonymous 911 telephone call on Oct. 6, but that Mr. Steinberg had refused to let them into the apartment, saying he was a lawyer and ''knew his rights.''
Although several legislators said they were unhappy about the project's cost, the Board of Legislators voted unanimously in September to put the referendum before Westchester voters after reluctantly agreeing that new jail cells were imperative.
Kumagai offered introductions to some of the Japanese banks.
''They were looking for information and advice,'' he said.
''They think of them as a thing for kids.
Although it may be obscured by the intricate web of pseudo-issues surrounding the Presidential contenders, the two big problems facing the United States are, and will continue to be, the domestic economy and foreign affairs.
''The results indicate that physical inactivity raises your risk of coronary heart disease,'' said Dr. Carl Caspersen, a researcher for the Atlanta-based agency.
They are nondiscriminatory and don't raise regional issues.
Mr. Morita attempts to emphasize the universality of his story, and its associations to life in Japan today, with a narrative style that is so cool it seems almost distracted.
Computronics is at 46c Route 303, Valley Cottage, N.Y. 10989.
In common with the subsidiary characters, we are alternately captivated and repelled by his personality.
It is now exactly a quarter of a century since, under the auspices of an obscure liberal-to-radical student group that had lately changed its name from the Student League for Industrial Democracy, some five dozen people gathered at a United Auto Workers lakeside camp near Port Huron, Mich., to talk about a political text.
The food her married daughter prepares is much finer, she said: ''She buys frozen food.
And those booksellers thought Billy Boy was strange.
South Africa Strikes: 'Destabilization' South Africa's economic leverage is only one weapon in Pretoria's arsenal.
Mr. Ward came to Merrill Lynch in 1981 as the New York representative of Merrill Lynch International Bank Ltd.
That was the year that Columbia Pictures bought the Manhattan-based Walter Reade chain (which it sold this year to the Cineplex Odeon Corporation).
Mr. Sobel's account begins with the evolution of early wireless technology and concludes with the sale of RCA to General Electric in 1985 for more than $6 billion.
The West German mark soared and the French franc dropped as traders bought marks in expectation of a revaluation within the European Monetary System.
So an undertanding of the historical condition is essential to the public safety.
Murray Lender countered: ''I think our bagel is the best bagel in America, but on the other hand, I've never eaten a bad bagel.''
The pub is the former Northumberland Arms, where Sir Arthur used to stay and where Holmes often met Watson.
This was one of the motivating forces of 'White Noise.'
The nearby deliveries of hog and pork belly futures retreated by the daily limit permitted on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange.
''The police blitzes have always been part of life in the barrios,'' said the Rev.
(For scuba fans, Nikon's more advanced Nikonos underwater camera will go much, much deeper.)
Imports, which totaled $109.7 billion, fell in both dollar and yen terms, partly because of the lower price of oil.
He said Mr. Franse had not been an outspoken advocate for the borough on the board.
One plan is to play high school football there, but no one knows for sure.
The show of unity by three rival candidates was an attempt to strengthen an opposition that has rarely been able to work together and has been further fragmented and intimidated by weeks of violence.
Extra Compensation Possible Barring a settlement, the jury will determine not only how much back pay the plaintiffs should have because of jobs they did not get, but also how much compensation they should receive for emotional pain as a result of the discrimination.
The predictability of it all left some thrill seekers disappointed.
Charged With Felony Ross, who had to be subdued by officers during a scuffle, according to the police, was charged with two felony counts of criminal damage to property, and misdemeanor charges of aggravated assault and criminal trespass to land.
''The feedlots do not feel pressed to sell at the lower levels packers have been offering,'' he said.
1 Most victims of crash identified 7 Enforcement of a security regulation under which clearances would be revoked for any official who declined to sign a disputed pledge of secrecy was suspended by the Reagan Administration in a surprise move.
Mr. Echols's attention to historical accuracy extends to overseeing the creation of authentic-looking costumes.
Of those, 148 people were approved as eligible for the contest and were asked to submit a video tape of their work.
Mr. Nixon was named as an unindicted co-conspirator in covering up the Watergate break-in.
This is that kind of movie.
In industry - given its scale at the time, when literally all the main components of the industrial edifice were conspicuous - such methods, such a system of management, generally produced results.
There is a time for militancy, he says, but also a time for compromise.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*COMMONWEALTH EDISON CO (NYSE) 12mo Nov 30 1987 1986 Revenue 5,692,946,000 5,472,490,000 Net inc 1,113,884,000 1,066,144,000 Share earns 4.87 4.79 View Full Article in Timesmachine »
He also knows about losing.
If the idea works, he said, it will be an alternative to expensive high-tech wastewater treatment.
Alexander Leondis performed the ceremony.
''Rape of the land,'' said Mr. Bolger.
Each needs to know both.''
Mr. Attali has written books on economic history, on music, and on the development of timepieces, all of them efforts, he said, to understand history by looking at a single theme over a long period of time.
With heightened worries about the disease, the stock of the leading condom manufacturer, Okamoto Industries, has tripled in value.
They leave Haneda Airport in Tokyo at 8:15 A.M. and 1:05 P.M., and from Oshima at 9:15 A.M. and 2:05 P.M.
In February 1985, they wrote a brief opinion piece on the op-ed page of The Oregonian, commenting on the deaths of two Nicaraguan teachers.
''That is why I tell you that everything under your consideration today is inhuman and should be judged.''
Peter van Raalte, president of the Post marketing company, discounted suggestions that some might object to linking Rockwell with AIDS.
Poindexter and Hakim have acknowledged receipt of so-called target warnings from Walsh, an indication of a pending indictment.
''I just have to do the things I did that got me here.''
The Jews, on the other hand, founded a religious faith, authored the Bible, established independent kingdoms and put Jerusalem on the map of world history.
''I feel I was probably destined to be in the Super Bowl; if I were still with the Giants I'd also be in it,'' he said.
''It's sort of a puzzle,'' she explains.
But Saturday's victory was the best.
Jesse Jackson, whom Mr. Biden described as ''a friend.''
I might have done it in the minors one year, but there was probably only one writer covering the team, so it didn't become such a big issue.
As in many an isolated small town, the community invested its pride almost wholly in its high school.
Mr. Howard decided to look for heroin addicts at Lincoln Park next.
The statement sent its stock up sharply, rising $4.875, to $41.625, in the biggest dollar gain yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange.
Of this aid, $30 million has already been given to them.
To the Editor: Poor Werner Heisenberg must be turning over in his grave at William Safire's application of the Heisenberg uncertainty principle to the State of the Union address (column, Jan. 29), where Mr. Safire says Heisenberg ''held that an object under observation changed as a result of being observed.''
In last year's election campaign, the Cuomo camp attacked the character and integrity of his Republican opponent, Andrew P. O'Rourke, even though it was clear from the outset that Mr. Cuomo would win in a walk.
Today, Westchester members of NOW do less picketing and more writing to elected representatives on such matters as divorce reform and affordable day care.
Maybe it's extra cash that investors have after taking capital gains in late 1986, analysts speculated.
Reality recognizes that payment of foreign debt is made by the dollars, marks, yen and other currencies earned from export earnings.
Earlier, at his New York office, Russell E. Whiteford, the company's president, discussed the brand, which is sold in New York at such stores as Wallach's, Lord & Taylor and B. Altman.
And now the Giants must contend with a Joe Montana who seems his former self, and that former self was as dangerous a passer as there was in the National Football League.
''For the perpetrator of that wrongdoing to sue us is incredible.''
5.When the chicken breasts are cooked, remove them to a plate.
In any case, in the final year of the Administration, she will not be making new policy so much as defending the policies of the last seven years.
The 53-year-old veteran of Staten Island Republican politics is a program coordinator at the College of Staten Island.
It has 50,000 subscribers, not all of them paid as yet.
''I am on fire,'' he says, as we watch the performance fizzle.
Harper & Row, which publishes college textbooks and medical books, as well as books of general interest, had revenues of $201.4 million in the year ended last April 30, with earnings of $7.6 million, or $1.76 a share.
Those restrictions are likely to become the key sticking points of the Zenith Star program, which officials said today would cost hundreds of millions of dollars to carry out.
But few doubt that the AIDS issue is destined to persist.
The message of the Administration, he said, should be: ''Abstain from sex now, wait for your future husband or wife, marry and remain faithful.''
''That is what we pray for.''
In past crises the President has toughened up, only to lapse again into an appearance of passivity.
That overbuilding was attributed largely to the lavish tax breaks real estate got in 1981.
But he said he had not asked the chief to resign and did not ''really have any basis to bring disciplinary action.''
His financial gifts to a hospital in the East New York section of Brooklyn, the Baptist Medical Center, were cited with a plaque in the lobby.
He has pleaded not guilty.
Other payments by Mr. Ghorbanifar, according to his associates, were intended as political contributions to Iranian leaders, with as much as $6 million going to Hojatolislam Hashemi Rafsanjani, the Speaker of Parliament, and his family.
The flight takes about 1 hour and 15 minutes, one way, and a round-trip excursion fare costs about $140 (converted to United States dollars).
These trip the reader's attention without approximating any believable dialect.
It isn't easy to learn from the mistakes of others.''
New York, in fact, was a first for Spencer in many areas.
What person holding any belief in the value of constitutional government would not condemn the schemes and back-door plots that were revealed, and the attitudes and viewpoints that permitted them to develop?
Thus the drug - which would be marketed under the brand name Virazole if approved here - remains in regulatory limbo, available only south of the border under the name Vilona.
As the soldier hesitated, Mr. Aquino said, he prayed.
It is the work of Jedd Garet, who takes pride in never having studied painting and whose aim is to make nature as unnatural as possible - not that he has much choice.
The study, designed to guide United States space planning into the 21st century, will be presented on Aug. 3 to James C. Fletcher, the administrator of the space agency.
''It's what both the child and parent need,'' Dr. Sterne said.
Picked up at Staten Island Ferry Terminal Nov. 3 after losing weight and increasingly bizarre behavior.
Mr. Dodd said that the compromise package also calls for the Defense Department to provide $3.5 million worth of air defense equipment free of charge.
He prepares the questions weekdays during lunch hour at his oil company in St. Louis.
''But he was never just funny.
The Vice President, with some success, has sought to gather the support of Republican leaders across the country.
''Walking relieves stress and burns calories,'' Mr. Pakradoonian said.
''There were no corny calls for the bride and groom to move here or there,'' she added.
''We sell those fish to other overseas markets such as Japan or China,'' he said.
All have motels, and most have restaurants serving local fish; Gold Beach, at the mouth of the Rogue River, has numerous motels and restaurants.
Government officials said they would provide financial help to garages to obtain the testing equipment, although details of the plan were not announced.
LOCAL residents want the city to expand the boundaries of the Carnegie Hill historic district from six partial blocks to an area encompassing about 17 blocks.
Tours of Distinction (141 East 44th Street, New York, N.Y. 10017; 212-661-4680) books it as a 13-day package from the United States and includes an overnight at the Lake Palace Hotel while the train remains in Udaipur.
He said that when Mr. Nussbaum sought the bribe on Oct. 6, 1981, he ''said to Mr. Simon that he had just spoken to Mr. Rubin, and they had a message from Donald Manes - that you can have your franchise in Queens County, but it would cost you $250,000.''
They qualified for the final through competition in the last seven months at the club and local levels.
By late afternoon, when working parents return, the number swells to several hundred in a cacophony of sounds - blaring radios, laughter and boastful shouts on the basketball courts.
Limited survey data suggest that the incidence of AIDS infection in areas of some American cities rivals that being found by researchers in Kinshasa, Zaire, where the epidemic is believed to be as extensive as it is anywhere, Dr. Mason said.
Maybe the motion and sound could be duplicated without leaving the house.
''We've had a computer evaluate this and there have been a lot more injuries to the knees, ankles, hips and feet on the hardcourts and indoors.
The sale of nonprescription eyeglasses would discourage people from consulting an eye specialist to rule out these conditions, simply to save money, and could thus be a public health hazard.
But that is all we get.
''Thirdly, legislation, along with other cues, tends to contribute to the process of habit-formation.
Neither side has formally accepted the proposal, but White House aides and Soviet Government representatives have expressed interest in the two leaders addressing each other's countries, Ms.
After her program was discontinued on commercial radio, it was later resumed on the Public Broadcasting System, and she was also heard on network radio affiliates.
Here it is power that counts - what your position is or could be.
On Thursday, the conference voted, 19 to 6, to approve a United States proposal tightening a loophole allowing the killing of whales for scientific research.
Dinner at the Aviz (12B Rua Serpa Pinto; 328391) might be smoked swordfish or duck, fried scampi, crepes and wine, $55 for two.
Change in Retirement Plan Mr. Simon signaled a possible resignation last month when he changed his city retirement plan so that he could obtain a pension of $28,000 a year, even though he was nine months short of 20 years' service, as the Borough President and before that as a City Councilman.
Time sped up so inperceptibly that I didn't notice in the beginning: making appointments four weeks in advance to see friends, thinking of Christmas shopping in September, realizing that the bedroom ceiling still needs painting.
'' But Soviet society kept reminding him of his Jewishness.
The targets included roads leading to Israeli army bases, as well as Arabs suspected of collaborating with the occupation forces.
Billy Joel surprised his Soviet audience at a concert tonight when he lost his temper, overturned an electric piano and smashed a microphone onstage.
For example, some of the largest declines after the market plunge were suffered by sector mutual funds - those that invest only in a particular industry, such as automobiles, military contractors or financial services - because their risks were not spread out as broadly as funds investing in many industries.
She said that her life was much more normal than any character's in the book.
Under the leadership of a broadly representative board of distinguished Americans, the Endowment has made great progress.
With respect to an overhaul of the budget process, Mr. Miller met twice this week with Howard Baker.
Its merit tended to be judged on how well it was copying those bands of the past.
In May it will be open Monday, Tuesday and Thursday through Saturday from 10 A.M. to 5 P.M., Sunday noon to 4 P.M.; closed Wednesday.
A caramel-colored horse is depicted without a saddle, one foot poised to prance, head turned slightly, mouth open - with a splash of cream on its forehead.
Also closing at a new high was the Dow Jones transportation average, up 5.80, to 1,100.11.
''A Greek Cypriot journalist wanted to talk to me about the situtation and said to me: 'Why don't you speak Greek?'
''There is a steadily diminishing eagerness on the part of cities to go after these funds,'' he said.
Private restaurants and clothing stores compete side by side with state-run counterparts.
Some networks executives have even worried that an expanded ''Evening News'' would damage CBS's already lagging prime-time schedule.
It was there that he met Tom Patchett, a Michigan native who had the same job and a similarly underutilized sense of humor.
After that is done - by the fall of next year, he hopes - he plans to bring a few thousand people to the steps of the State Capitol, just to let the legislators know he means business.
I knew from my newspaper days that I could make a deadline.
One of the winning entries was a series on disorder in the Philadelphia court system by Daniel R. Biddle, H. G. Bissinger and Frederic N. Tulsky.
The river links Lake DeForest with the major reservoirs in Bergen, Lake Tappan and the Oradell Reservoir.
He added, ''But I am not prepared to reach a final conclusion without further study'' on whether Judge Kennedy should be confirmed if nominated.
The 27-year-old defendant leaned forward with his chin in his hands as he listened to Mr. Levin.
Tough Competition Welfare budgets, however, have tough competition in Albany.
I can't have that pitch back.
But university officials, sensitive about Mr. Khashoggi's involvement as an intermediary in the arms-to-Iran imbroglio, were not amused when they discovered the plan, and the balloons never appeared at the game.
This bleak, sinister, newsless blot on the calendar is known in England as ''the silly season,'' because it is the time when their silliest people go north to shoot grouse, leaving the London press, also known as the world's silliest newspapers, subject to imprisonment for contempt of Margaret Thatcher unless they stick to reporting the whereabouts of mythical monsters.
I did not have the power to decide on deportations.
Today, 80 percent of Singer's business is in aerospace and electronics.
''That's the bottom line,'' Turner said.
And so, our answer to that was we had a policy of not doing business with a country that supported terrorism, and Iran was on that list.
Mr. Kemp said he hoped Mr. Reagan would take up the issue, and also Soviet human-rights violations, during his summit meeting with the Soviet leader, Mikhail S. Gorbachev.
Moreover, the music misses out on one of the key elements, the sheer attraction between this sheltered girl ready to be carried off and the opportunistic young man whose arousal briefly persuades him to feel, or seem, sincere.
Some critics say it will merely worsen problems caused by rapid growth in suburban cities.
'Never Took It Seriously' Some members of Congress now insist that the measure should be interpreted as only a general exhortation to the President to make progress on arms control.
Internationa 2-7 Caspar W. Weinberger testified that he repeatedly thought he had stopped the Iran arms sales but that he learned later he had failed because White House officials resorted to deception to keep the deal going.
He said that there had been an informal agreement among Japanese manufacturers not to build motorcycles with engines larger than 750 cubic centimeters for the domestic market, but that tourists and businessmen had been shipping such vehicles home nonetheless.
We're disappointed the Soviets are playing this kind of a game, but we're hopeful they will eventually get back to serious work.''
Mr. Wright has taken a surprising lead role in foreign policy issues, especially those affecting Central America.
Today there were still indications that considerable support remained for the rebel soldiers within the military.
Mr. Schiff graduated magna cum laude from the University of Colorado and cum laude from the Cornell University Law School.
At Mr. Rubin's trial in Federal District Court in Brooklyn, former Assemblyman David L. Cohen of Flushing, who had been given immunity, testified that it was not uncommon in Albany for a person on one payroll to work somewhere else.
The April 9 event at Aintree, near Liverpool, will be the 150th running of the four-mile race.
Just by having the committee, you are infringing on people's rights of free speech, and to entrust that body with ruling on the limitations of those rights, we have to make sure it is one you truly respect.''
* * * This scene, though fantasy, is an accurate reflection of the paradoxical state of magic.
But it was his reputation as an administrator attracted to fresh ideas and unafraid of aggressive change that caught the attention of Sloan-Kettering's rich and powerful board of trustees.
Lawyers in the case said the Court's actions were confusing.
Somewhere in the world there may have been a celebrity violin recital last night, but there can't have been many.
Jockeying on Accounting Measure After the Senate passed the resolution, the majority leader, Senator Robert C. Byrd, tried to start debate on the measure that passed the House on Wednesday cutting off aid to the contras until President Reagan accounted for the money already provided by Congress and through the secret White House diversion of profits from the Iran arms sales.
''You show up unless you're dead,'' said Mr. Monroe.
''We scoured the American musical theater to find a play that didn't have one, let along all four,'' Mr. Adams said.
Is it a fact that you approved of these options?
The beavers were reintroduced to Connecticut in the 1950's to help create rich, wet habitats for other wildlife, such as aquatic plants, muskrats, ducks and geese.
And younger women, freed by greater economic opportunities and the sexual revolution of the 1960's and 70's, are as likely as their male peers to seek extramarital relationships.
It is easy to advocate animal rights for deer or fur seals.
''An award that is given out routinely doesn't have much significance.''
The Briton, Ahmad Wansa, 37 years old, died on arrival in Paris today aboard a Swiss plane, said Dr. Alain Bondurand, the head of the Ivory Coast medical team treating him.
He paid $8.20 for $2 to win.
Estimates of the death toll in the Tuesday disaster ranged from 70 to more than 100.
And how would most Americans feel about friendly dealings with these Iranians, no matter how they turned their coats in future?
While looking at these exhibitions, it helps to keep in mind that a gallery group show is often like a code.
The National Football League said the Giants still had the slightest chance to qualify for the playoffs.
The few legal scholars in the courtroom who had kept up with the sinuous turns in the proceedings agreed that Mr. Jung had fatally weakened the case for Chinese origins with his generous concession.
It's a very sociable event.''
He also invented a foulproof cup.
Hoping to Exceed 25 Percent Under the state party's process for selecting the delegates to the state convention, about 60 percent, or 1,498, were chosen by lot.
Who wants to be put in the position of being a suspicious cross-examiner -particularly when the interrogated party more likely than not was not exposed?
I agree to logic, if Ron agrees not to add his own material.
Unfortunately, if I remember correctly, I incurred a rather large karmic debt, which will not be repaid very soon.
He thought big, saw big and drew big, even if nothing was to come of his projects for the Central Railroad Terminal, the Palace of Justice, the Imperial War Ministry and the Academical Museum of Plaster Casts in Vienna.
Tickets, at $8 apiece, can be bought at Seibu department store branches, including one in Shibuya, and at the 109 Building in Shibuya, the Alta Building in Shinjuku and the Printemps department store in Yurakucho.
But it ranges far beyond as a typical candidate buys a moped for two or three years of daily rehearsals of myriad subsidiary routes that he maps out each night in learning the tricks and turns of this difficult city's charm.
''This was not a presentation of demands,'' one diplomat said, ''it was simply, 'Let's talk about positions.'
I tried to throw things off a bit.
Operating with full cabins and fuel-efficient engines, Carnival, which went public in June, chalked up a profit margin last year of 23 percent.
He also reiterated a point made at a hearing Monday, that the Government believes nine stocks were involved in the insider trading.
Owens-Corning began its restructuring program last September to fend off a takeover threat from Sanford C. Sigoloff, chairman of the Wickes Companies.
The Thai House in Huntington advertised its coming for what seemed like eons.
Laura's love, after all, does give David moments of solace, if not hope; and David's love does give Laura a new perspective on life.
Mrs. McCroskey remembers warmly, for instance, the first Christmas after she landed the job in the mines.
Margot Ernst, for example, editor of the ''Zagat Survey of New York City Food Sources,'' has used the smaller businesses for fully catered intimate dinner parties; she has also had food dropped off at her apartment and picked up a main dish at a caterer's kitchen.
What kind of 10 seconds would make such a difference?
''It was a time of great intellectual ferment, a time when people were discussing Freud and Nietzsche and the Russian Revolution.
How, one might ask, does this search for a society's reflections upon itself relate to the more traditional pursuits of historians?
Gold was higher in Zurich, closing at a bid $457 an ounce, compared with $454 late Friday.
They have been in virtual seclusion at their home in Palm Springs, Calif.
Price Controls: Since Communist Party leaders agreed in July to roll back central price controls, the prospect of higher prices has led to hoarding and angry letters.
His stepfather is a theatrical producer in London and New York.
Whether the Iranians will get the message was not clear even to Defense Secretary Caspar W. Weinberger, who said there was no way of measuring the deterrent value of such actions.
Once, when Rayona is in a car with Christine, she suddenly turns toward her and for the first time in years Christine gathers herself to respond - but Rayona is only turning to look out of the rear window of the car.
The picture hardly looked this promising for Fogler at the beginning of the season.
The tour, part of the Barron Arts Center's ''Chautauqua-Style Weekend,'' includes visits to the large Victorian homes, along the beach and facing Staten Island, built by Casimir W. Boyton in the 1890's.
Steel production rose to 1.36 million tons in the week ended Saturday, an increase of 3.3 percent from the previous week's 1.316 million tons, the American Iron and Steel Institute reported yesterday.
''It has been disappointing to many people,'' said Dr. Louis Roy, a retired physician who was one of the most prominent authors of Haiti's new constitution and was in charge of volunteer workers in the aborted election.
In his book ''Russia: Broken Idols, Solemn Dreams'' he describes a time he was among passengers waiting to get on a plane in Soviet Central Asia.
The hulls of the ships are wooden so that they will not set off mines magnetically.
He flew to New York last week to introduce his first Revillon collection and emerged head and shoulders above a wide field of contenders for the top honors.
Ten men are now serving sentences ranging up to life imprisonment.
A lot of the people who call themselves pluralists are interested in studying other people's work.''
Main Points of Program As described by Mrs. Thatcher and others here, the main points of her program are: * Replacement of the progressive property tax with the new community charge - a flat-rate tax that would have the effect of removing exemptions for millions of low-income people.
The pilot of an Aeromexico DC-10 that left Mexico City for New York with 276 passengers found he could not land at the snowbound Kennedy International Airport.
''I think he's a reasonable, conservative Republican, and that's always been my position,'' he said.
Chrysler last month agreed to buy the 46.1 percent interest in A.M.C owned by Renault, which is controlled by the French Government.
''I had just finished my sandwich and was just going back inside,'' he said.
10 THE HUNT FOR RED OCTOBER, by Tom 76 Clancy.
Yesterday an American Petroleum Institute report of a 1.5 percent decline in refinery runs also bolstered futures prices, Mr. Cardillo said.
The conversion of the rose, whose size when printed was a little larger than a postcard, took 23 seconds.
Mary Ellen Mark's care for those who teeter on the edge is instinctive, deep, almost reckless -recently she stopped her car on the way to an assignment, dashed out and pressed some money on a dazed man in the rain - and the transparency of her passion tends to win her amazing amounts of assistance.
Black miners make an average of about $250 a month, roughly a third of the pay of white miners.
The two teams, who were whistled for a combined seven penalties in the first period, collaborated for five goals in the initial 17 minutes.
''Rather than a capital gain, there is an expected capital loss'' because many people expect the deterioration in the value of the dollar to exceed the amount the would be earned from current interest rates.
Mr. Anderson, who is 77 years old, is to be sentenced May 7.
''He made about $9 million in Keystone, but he made upward of $500 million in Valhi.''
Industry executives said the leading candidate was John R. Zeeman, United's executive vice president of marketing, who is an old hand at the company, having joined United as director of advertising in 1971.
His third season they won it again as he averaged 29 points during the season, nearly 35 in the playoffs.
The voicelike slides, shakes and slurs Mr. Zorn employs on the saxophone have been compared to the vocabulary of the traditional Japanese flute, the shakuhachi.
''That,'' says Mr. Nowak, ''would be a wonderful byproduct of the play.
THE IMPLACABLE TURTLE The voice of the turtle may be difficult to hear, but the sight of one at this time of year, moving slowly across the road at its peril, or over the lawn to the consternation of the family dog or cat, is not uncommon.
Thus, she said she can imagine herself becoming a lobbyist for business, as had been rumored, after she leaves Harvard at the end of next month.
Yes, there it is and here it comes.
Or with the old-timer who forgot to pick his wife up at a rest stop and drove off without her.
Or at least the Bronx.
Mr. Crow estimates that securing visas for 12 Asian countries would take about three weeks.
I may check curfews more closely to keep them on guard.
To date, according to Dr. Helen Donis-Keller of Collaborative Research Inc., a biotechnology company in Bedford, Mass., complete RFLP maps have already been made for human chromosomes X,7, and 16; partial maps for 12, 13, 21 and several others.
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Alpine said that between Dec. 24 and March 6, it bought 529,100 Leaseway shares at prices ranging from $47.75 to $50.50 a share for investment purposes only.
A Showdown in the Office According to a source close to the board, who asked that he not be named, Mr. Johnston went to Mr. O'Donnell's third-floor office at JWT's headquarters at 466 Lexington Avenue accompanied by the company's in-house counsel.
Hers was a vanilla ice cream interpretation, delicious enough if that is the flavor you want in ''Otello,'' Act IV.
He spoke openly of his fear of being traded.
But serene surroundings and interesting memorabilia are not what Barney's is about.
At either end is a portrait of a woman.
THE prices of some $30 billion in Eurobonds issued under tax treaties with the Netherlands Antilles and Aruba plummeted yesterday as a result of Washington's decision to end those treaties.
Two hours later, it stood at 145.88 yen.
Instead, Iraq rejected all appeals for restraint by the United States and its allies.
Firm 1986 1980 Merrill Lynch Capital Markets 28 9 Kidder, Peabody & Co. 22 9 First Boston Corp. 18 5 William Blair & Co. 18 8 Dean Witter Reynolds 14 6 Smith Barney, Harris Upham & Co. 13 10 Salomon Brothers 13 10 Prudential-Bache Securities 12 6* Shearson Lehman Brothers 11 6** Chicago Corp. 10 n.a.
This latter is a huge and controversial report, which I have just begun, arguing with each page.
Furthermore, most of the ''loophole'' proposals were advanced last year during the prolonged Congressional debate on overhauling the income tax code.
* Canadian Fur Trappers Corp., a chain of 77 women's apparel stores, appointed N. Gerald Eatroff president and chief executive.
Prodded by Governor Cuomo and Senator Alfonse M. D'Amato, Republican of New York, the L.I.R.R.
Last week, he began a new career - as a film reviewer.
British Satellite is a new company based in London with a plan for broadcasting four new television channels from a satellite directly into British homes equipped with special 12-inch receiver dishes.
* * * Robert Holmes a Court raised his stake in Texaco to 9.5 percent, but he insists it is for investment purposes only.
I think he's one of the best at getting the ball down inside the 20, and he fits in with our team well.''
All the person would have to do is say, 'I want a jury,' because the Constitution in this state says a jury should be made up of residents of the county.
Day care and nursery programs include an On-Ski Nursery, for children up to age 5, in which participants learn about use of ski equipment and how to walk and glide on skis.
The previous American League record for passed balls was five, set by Tom Egan of the California Angels on July 28, 1970.
Plans Are Delayed The San Diego club, which became trustee of the cup when Dennis Conner and his 12-Meter yacht, Stars & Stripes, won it from the Royal Perth Yacht Club in February, had been expected to announce last week that it would defend the cup in 1990 or 1991 against the winner of a preliminary competition among at least 18 international clubs.
(Please, Dada, tell me another story about the 1960's.)
Questions about home repair problems should be addressed to Bernard Gladstone, The New York Times, 229 West 43d Street, New York, N.Y. 10036.
The finding is significant because commonly used tests for AIDS virus infection in people or blood samples actually detect antibodies formed in response to the invading agent rather than the virus itself.
* Synergy Group is offering $85 million of B-3/B+ rated 11 5/8 percent senior subordinated notes due 1997 at 100 through L. F. Rothschild, Unterberg, Towbin Inc. * USLife Corp. is offering $50 million of A-1/AA rated 7 3/4 percent notes due 1994 at 99.75 to yield 7.797 percent through Bear, Stearns & Co.
The winner of the primary is expected to face three opponents in the election April 7.
Chrysler is now in need of a production site for another unexpected sales success, the reduced-price ''America'' versions of its Omni/Horizon subcompact cars.
Mr. Roh altered the South Korean political landscape Monday by yielding, in a stunning turnabout, to every longstanding opposition demand of significance.
He overcame a leadoff broken-bat single to protect a 4-3 lead in a victory that helped bring the Mets within two and a half games of first-place St. Louis.
Now they've said there is going to be one height - the 150-foot front wall requirement.
However, the bearish mood that has gripped Wall Street this week soon reasserted itself, and an early 17-point gain in the Dow quickly became a 22-point loss.
Then it becomes a subjective judgment on the part of the courts.
The other vehicle's insurance company paid the $7,000 repair bill.
In return, the Sonics would receive a future second-round draft pick.
A decade ago, the job might have been done by an American Peace Corps volunteer.
Rasmussen, though, was clearly the center of attention for the first six innings.
The storage explosion has stabilized briefly at 40 megabytes because of limitations imposed by the operating system MS-DOS.
Not quite the old Mayfair, as the particular panache is lacking, but as close as one can get in these inflation-ridden times.''
Evert faced some difficult decisions in her personal life and career this year, yet rebounded and is ranked No.
Dr. Jeannette Lofas, a sociologist who is president of the Step Family Foundation Inc. in Manhattan, and who was raised in a stepfamily, emphasized thorough planning of the holiday.
It does not become a Cambridge man to claim too much for his university, nor am I much tempted to do so.
''And I was asked if I thought I was going to win.
With the Democrats recapturing control of the Senate, the committee, in its latest newsletter, foresees ''attempts to institute national firearms registration, Federal licensing of gun owners and outright bans on the private possession of certain types of firearms, such as handguns, and certain types of ammunition, such as all so-called 'armor-piercing' and 'cop-killer' bullets.''
The increased revenue from the higher rates - about $16 million a year - will be used for economic development projects throughout the state.
She looks good, I decided.
''The atmosphere is so much different now that we don't expect such obstacles,'' he said.
''It wasn't only the sort of divine justice that took our parents away from us and set us down among these awful people,'' she says, ''but also the difference between our lives with our parents, which was so spoiled and delicious, and the life in that dreadful house in Minneapolis.
The answer may be, ''Nothing, a little, quite a lot or a great deal.''
The state's Medical Examiner said yesterday that a man whose body was found Sunday in a rest area off Interstate 95 apparently died of a drug overdose.
Last week an American Medical Association panel of 103 physicians split on the question of whether mammography was effective in reducing breast cancer deaths in women without symptoms under 50.
Former Transportation Secretary Drew Lewis, who served as the United States special acid rain envoy to Canada in 1985, also testified today.
That's why Mr. Reagan's veto last week of hard-won compromise legislation was so distressing.
Only the original author of the document is free to discard suggestions or alterations.
Simpson did say he had no intention of fining the players.
Under Mr. Peres's proposal, after the opening session the talks would break up into negotiations between Israel and the various Arab parties.
Elsewhere, Dayton Hudson reported that third-quarter net income edged up to $33.6 million, or 34 cents a share, from $32.3 million, or 34 cents a share, in the 1986 quarter.
The annoying little daughter of the household, Sarah, talks like a character out of ''Dallas,'' insofar as her lines can be understood.
GEORGE J. MITCHELL Democratic Senator from Maine .
But many Iranians in Turkey seem to boast of a less prominent status.
The loser, Juan Nieves (5-5), gave up seven hits and walked six in six innings.
American Cancer Society studies demonstrate similar findings.
In each of them, Mr. Hellermann improvised homemade electronic background music on a Casio CT7000 synthesizer.
After the encounter with Neptune, the first by a spacecraft, Voyager 2 will continue out in search of the heliopause, the outer boundary of the Sun's sphere of influence.
In the same review, Brown supplied perhaps the most concise statement on the character, ''We love him for his faults as we are supposed to admire heroes for their virtues.''
The campaign dragged on into the fall.
Perhaps a recent news item defines the situation best.
''For those of you whose efforts and dedication to CBS News have been so ill-rewarded today,'' he said, ''I can only offer my deepest regrets.''
A spokesman for Fuji Bank Ltd., which is acting as the coordinator for the consortium, said JBA Investments would buy debt from member banks at a discount, allowing its members both to eliminate some of the bad debt from their books and claim the loss against taxes.
He said the trooper who was shot in the leg was undergoing surgery at St. Vincent's Hospital in Poughkeepsie, N.Y., about seven miles south of Pleasant Valley in Dutchess County, about 70 miles north of Manhattan.
January 1986: Mr. Ghorbanifar fails a polygraph examination.
At the same New York University 'Now when I have something to say, I say it.'
If a Spaniard likes you, he'll do anything for you.
Since the bizarre has punctuated this strike season, why shouldn't the Jets defeat the Bengals, 27-20, today by returning a blocked field goal for a touchdown - and have an apparent Bengal touchdown nullified because Mark Gastineau produced his first sack this season of a regular quarterback?
The report concluded, however, that there was no criminal offense or criminal intent by the detective, John d'Elia, in the misidentification.
Mr. Reagan appeared grim today as he delivered a brief public statement just before the Tower board's news conference.
And that literature and the great books are an essential method of doing that.
It was an all-star evening, and showed we were very interested in the 20th century.
* Pacific Gas and Electric Co. filed for a shelf offering of up to $300 million of debt securities.
But a people bent on an experiment in republicanism cherished the latter while they worshiped the former.
Comments on Personal Life The President also made these rare comments about his personal life: * Asked which of his many careers had ''been the most fun,'' the President quickly answered, ''I'm still very proud of seven summers as a lifeguard.''
''These days we are being quoted everywhere,'' she said.
''We are not interested in gestures.
The detectives were treated at the hospital for minor injuries.
Estimate on Virus Carriers Dr. Curran said that if 1.5 million Americans were infected with the AIDS virus, as estimated, then one in 160 carries the virus.
His only problem was seeing over the steering wheel.
The recent disappearance of light verse is a reminder to an age that prides itself on poetic diversity that our poetry may be undergoing, for all the ranging clamor of its voices, a steady diminishment.
Mr. Carliner, who is vice president of economics and housing policy with the Home Builders Association, figures that approximately 75,000 second homes were constructed each year during the 1970's.
The research park was five years old when the shopping center opened, and such companies as Eastman Kodak, General Electric and I.B.M.
Only with the arrival of digital computers could they hope to succeed, for which reason there was great enthusiasm for numerical weather forecasting when, in the early 1960's, the competence of computers seemed to match the sheer complexity of the weather problem.
Performances are scheduled at 11:30 A.M., 1:30 and 4 P.M. (additional tickets cost $2).
Now, it's a much more intense multi-person race.''
With cordless amplification and rock concerts, that visionary artist has not yet appeared.
Please add the color and the decor and the dimension, the glitter and the drama and the ambiance.
''They know they'd be welcome,'' Mr. Chelmow said.
The Israelis have said they prefer direct negotiations between the parties disputing a given issue or piece of territory, although they have moved to acceptance of an international forum as a stage that would precede direct talks.
A gray dawn greeted us, there were two inches of snow on the roof of my truck and a fine rain sometimes mixed with snow fell throughout our miserable four hours on Little Sunapee.
In the first half of the 17th century there were no exhibitions, no dealers and no critics.
In their closing arguments, Mr. Skoloff and Mrs. Whitehead's chief lawyer, Harold J. Cassidy, offered sharply contrasting views on the validity of the surrogate agreement.
It could not be determined if indictments of the two Congressmen were imminent.
While the economy seems healthy, with no sharp rise in inflation and good prospects for continued growth, the financial markets are beset with doubts and worries.
''From the stage, a performer can see every seat; and from the audience, there's not an obstructed view in the house.
WHAT will be the leading economic issue in the 1988 Presidential election?
The Administration later confirmed that Mr. McFarlane had made a secret trip to Teheran last May.
'She Was the Boss' Both partners said their greatest battles were argued over the purity of 18th-century language.
Mix well and coat the chicken pieces with the marinade.
One proposal called on the agency to assure that the traffic volume at O'Hare in peak periods was not too heavy for the size and experience of the controller force.
Human Rights Groups Invited In addition to the Senators and their aides, Mr. Borge invited officials of Amnesty International, Americas Watch and the International Committee of the Red Cross to inspect the jail.
''Fred's wife had 37 yards of topsoil delivered to their backyard,'' Mr. Hoover recalled.
The jammed appointment book, power breakfasts and outrageously long work days are ''in style,'' and it is because we have made them so.
Fox plays Jay McInerney's high-living young New Yorker in a film co-starring Kiefer Sutherland, Dianne Wiest and John Houseman.
Alarm Over Heartbeat Shortly afterward, medical observers on the ground became alarmed by readings showing that Mr. Laveikin's heartbeat was irregular.
Electronic Jammers Cited One British official believes that the absence of missile fire is a result of Iraq's deployment of advanced electronic jammers obtained from France.
Every two seconds the computer checked the devices and recorded the results.
Einstein-Moomjy, 150 East 58th Street; 212-758-0900.
The New York Restaurant Hot Line, a similar service that will start soon, tells callers it can help select a restaurant ''that suits your tastes and your budget.''
Peter Marshall was serving guacamole on pita bread.
Both problems grew acute last month, after a former crony fingered the general as architect of a series of despicable political murders and frauds.
''I look across the table sometimes and I think, 'What's wrong with me?
L'Esplanade is a small village restaurant, overlooking one of the most picturesque valleys in the Dordogne.
Then press the rest of the tile down so its edges butt snugly up against those of the tiles already laid.
But he warned that ''the forces of stagnation and complacency are still making themselves felt, some people still hope that everything will return to the old beaten track.''
Not only is it an industry dominated by families but it is also one of the few businesses in which a family could become extraordinarily wealthy in spite of its internal struggles and failure to expand or modernize its management, its products or their market position over the last 30 years.
After the rebuff was reported in the United States, however, Mr. Blitzer was informed by the Bush party that he was indeed welcome to join it in Amman.
Jane Morrison, an independent film maker, died of malaria Wednesday in Nairobi, Kenya, where she was attending a film festival.
In fact, the association is projecting record sales of public partnership programs in 1987.
He took his free library crusade to the Suffolk County Legislature last week and he's already ''contacted Congress,'' he said.
The woman tried to move away, but other passengers, unaware of what was happening, complained that she was crowding them.
''The foul ball was three rows deep behind our dugout.
Which is a form of impotence.
''Elvis '56'' is produced and directed by the husband-wife team of Alan and Susan Raymond.
team was infiltrated into Andalusia, then abandoned, and 18 men, it was assumed, died.
Everyone has a favorite show: Uncle Abe (Josh Mostel) loves the crazy sports stories (''He had one leg and one arm, but more than that he had heart.
Before leaving Kabul, Mr. Shevardnadze told the Bakhtar press agency: ''The issue of the Soviet troops' withdrawal is utterly clear.
Taylor Holdings Ltd. Market capitalization:#1 $1.3 billion#2 Total employees: 4,316#2 Media holdings: Television stations in Perth and Adelaide; a weekly newspaper in Perth; interests in film, theater and music publishing.
Museum officials, who have complained that corporate competition is pricing them out of the art market, might find consolation in the fact that Yasuda does not plan to hide ''Sunflowers'' in a vault or a corporate suite.
* Omron Tateisi Electronics Co., Osaka, Japan, said it would make programmable logic controllers in the U.S. starting next April.
Most of the buying power in the market comes from American investors, including fund managers who have switched funds back to the domestic market from overseas for the same reasons foreign investors are buying American shares.
Even if the same five parties form another center-left coalition, party leaders say it will operate under new rules.
The approvals regarding bulk and height are already in place as a result of the aborted efforts of a previous developer.
Several medical centers, with one eye on community service and public relations and the other on marketing and business, have capitalized on Mr. Reagan's skin and colon cancers by offering free check-ups.
jetliner in 1985 killed an American serviceman, Robert Stethem.
Remove the pan from heat and dip the outside of the pan in cold water to stop cooking.
Film Forum 1 began a weeklong festival of seven recent Czechoslovak films yesterday that will be shown in rotation.
I was thrilled to death that we won, especially going against schools with enrollments in the 2,000's.''
These states are affected by the agreement: Illinois, Indiana, Ohio, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, New Hampshire, Pennsylvania, Vermont, West Virginia and Wisconsin.
Once the stock market began to tumble, the institutions were unable to find buyers for index futures and were thus unable to cushion the hit.
The Newspaper Guild voted early today to accept a contract with The Sun and The Evening Sun that included a pay increase averaging 4 percent a year for the next three years.
The seven-volume series on the Vietnam War produced by WGBH, Boston's outstanding public television station, is an objective presentation of the most divisive modern event in the country.
engineers say some spinoffs from the project may wind up on future models.
It is that we don't believe that anyone will ever walk in, least of all a genuine 17th-century human being dressed in the high fashion that Louis XIV saw it as his duty to promote.
Cut back early-flowering shrubs to keep them in shape for their spaces.
His family fled Germany in 1938, and Mr. Grunfeld attended P.S.
''They better be rooting for us,'' said the replacement quarterback before the game.
That's not to say that there is no competition as far as food is concerned.
''Set and Reset'' was a blur of a dance.
Reports said they would not be on a random basis, however.
Each facsimile takes several years to produce.
Both sides are feeling the same thing.
The quality of ingredients is quite high, the menu is more imaginative than the usual mass-feed buffet and there seems to be a concerted effort to maintain high standards.
Indeed, the winds of change seem to have swept up an entire generation of brave frontiersmen and deposited them in the middle of Smilestown, U.S.A. Wasn't it only yesterday that a ''drop dead'' iconoclasm and grim mathematical mind games were busy redefining the borderlines of musical composition?
The event is in Manchester, N.H., and Mrs. Kirkpatrick is to meet the next day with Nackey Loeb, publisher of The Manchester Union Leader, who is both a personal friend and, more to the point, a powerful figure who has let it be known she might be disposed to approve of a Kirkpatrick Presidential bid.
But this brought up the question of ethics in journalism.
The state reports that two of every three families on welfare cannot pay their rent from their shelter allowance alone.
The team trailed by 27 points into the final 16 deals against a group of young stars that included Marty Bergen of White Plains and Larry Cohen of Little Falls, N.J. Kaplan produced a stretch drive, gaining 35 and winning by 8.
Among the wintering birds are six kinds of sparrows and four kinds of wrens.
Would the resulting ''heat blanket'' interfere with the effectiveness of the radiators?
I feel like I'm being persecuted because I'm doing so good.''
THERE'S no way of knowing what youngsters will do as teen-agers, added Mrs. Moel, who left her career in advertising to devote more time to caring for their children.
In their report on the Harvard study, Dr. Walter C. Willett and colleagues said: ''It will probably never be possible to prove beyond any doubt that alcohol causes breast cancer in humans, since a randomized trial would be unethical or unfeasible.
Like President Reagan, legislators are working on proposals to stimulate American exports, under the banner of ''competitiveness,'' rather than seeking to put up barriers against imports.
I found air fare to Spain at about $722, to Greece, $988.
''The researchers find out that 97 million widgets were sold last year, and they calculate that there must be about 114,000 widget fanciers, then they go out and sell advertising based on that and start Widget magazine,'' Mr. Karben said.
Other choices are fricassee of lobster and crayfish with pleurotes, and baby pheasant with pancetta, garlic confit and tomato coulis.
''The students have a sense of self that I did not have when I graduated from high school,'' said Phyllis R. Frankfort, the program's national director.
This kind of thing happens a lot with professional athletes.
Melt the butter over medium heat in a large skillet and add the mushrooms and shallots; stir and saute for about eight minutes.
Indeed, previous credits notwithstanding, each new project inevitably brings its own array of terrors.
Bond's unsuccessful campaign for Congress last fall, Mr. Lewis challenged his opponent to take a drug test, which Mr.
Only about 3 percent of older people need more than 60 days of hospital coverage.
''Recession fears are being discounted by current platinum price levels,'' said Jeff Nichols of American Precious Metals Advisors, a consulting firm.
If she runs, Mrs. Schroeder would be the first woman to seek the Presidency since 1972, when Representative Shirley Chisholm, Democrat of Brooklyn, ran unsuccessfully.
I work eight hours a day, but not everyone my age might want to work that much.''
But few in the House are willing to take bets on whether he will demand that the final bill coming out of a House-Senate conference include this provision.
John Knox, in the 16th century, said, ''A man with God is always in the majority.''
The Cleveland Foundation, the oldest community foundation in the country, approved a $67,000 grant to the city's Department of Health and Human Services for a public education program, but that agency waited a year before picking up the funds.
He said he would go on the offensive against the deficit by vetoing spending bills and traveling around the country in the weeks ahead, stirring up support for proposals to tighten the Congressional budget process.
's chairman, Richard R. Kiley, to schedule Tuesday's public hearing at the authority's headquarters in Manhattan.
''I don't think the customer cares,'' Ms. Mallet said, ''as long as the clothes are nice.''
It also lengthens the play; the performance at the McCarter Theater runs well over three hours and there is some laughter when a character in the third act says, ''It is all so boring.''
''His terrific competitive nature makes his teammates better, and there are few players you can say that about.''
They drive the poor injured beast home, whereupon the critter revives and creates untold mayhem - but turns out not to be such a bad sort after all.
Without an increase by late next week, the Treasury says it will run out of cash and default on its bills.
For many, her reputation remains entrenched in the gossip-column chronicles of her two marriages (to Bono and the rock musician Gregg Allman) and love affairs with younger men (her current boyfriend is a 23-year-old former New York bartender named Rob Camilletti); as well as in the self-aggrandizing rebelliousness of stunts such as her appearance at the 1986 Academy Awards ceremony in a bride-of-Frankenstein wig, long cape and bare-midriffed Bob Mackie gown.
''I think if we want more jobs for the city, we don't turn to the Pentagon.''
Turks also comprised 80 percent of last month's 1,100 political-asylum applicants - 1,600 in October.
Diplomats and Kuwaiti officials have said Kuwait felt that if the superpowers were drawn into the war, they would be compelled to find a way to end it.
American officials have consistently argued that air cover is not necessary, because Iran would not attack any of the ships out of fear of American retaliation.
''In most other professions you're constantly getting feedback from the outside world,'' he said.
Four years later, she went on to more serious classes under the tutelage of Evelyn Le Mone and Tedd Welsch in Pasadena.
Geddes had five birdies during her round, including three on par-5 holes, but said two difficult pars were the key to her round.
Brazil's economy grew at a 9 percent rate last year, the Government estimates.
This is partly a result of the decline of the amateur.
Policy makers at the Federal Reserve, at a meeting in late March, endorsed a slight tightening of credit conditions if necessary to defend the dollar from a precipitous drop in foreign exchange markets, according to minutes of the meeting released today.
To interrupt you, did you put that in past tense?
''White people moved to white neighborhoods, and black people moved in.''
The nocturnal starlighted peace of rural communities is often broken by the sounds of persistent drumbeats and crackling bonfires as people try to ward off animals that wander onto their farms and threaten crops, livestock and lives.
Not one of their defensemen was with the Red Wings at the beginning of last season.
Some rock stars evolved entire signature-rituals based on this technology, as with Roger Daltrey of the Who spinning his mike like a lasso on its cord and then tossing it into the air and deftly catching it.
''Until then, I'll let you draw judgments about how he runs the department,'' Mr. Trager said.
All my musicals have been these raging divas or these crying things.
The two lawsuits pending in North Salem focus on the danger salt poses to drinking water supplies.
Were they Dr. Jekyll or Mr. Hyde?
Another bit of reading I did kept these questions gnawing at my brain, and also prevented my Bloomingdale's credit card from seeing the light of day.
'Spirit of Forgiveness' ''We extend forgiveness to those who have committed this violent act, and we pray that the spirit of forgiveness will teach us all to build a new community where violence is no more and life is richly valued,'' the Bishop said.
The statement read in part: ''The ministers and governors agreed that either excessive fluctuation of exchange rates, a further decline of the dollar, or a rise to an extent that becomes destabilizing to the adjustment process, could be counterproductive by damaging growth prospects in the world economy.
She was one of the first blacks to join the federation, which has its headquarters in Parkville, Mo.
He said he had ''no particular fixed views'' on whether Congress should be permitted to bring a lawsuit if it believes one of its laws was not being properly enforced.
From the top, 248 steps up, Mr. Delobis pointed out the peaks of the Pyrenees rising behind the bay, recounted the stories of shipwrecks in the area, named the beaches to the north and south and proudly told how once a month he carefully polishes the thick glass lenses and brass supports of the arc light, which is visible on a clear night for 60 miles.
Persistent sciatica curtailed a promising tennis career for Tracy Austin.
In addition to about 200 textiles on view, most from the museum's collection, the exhibition includes original wood blocks, printers' sample books and five 18th- or 19th-century costumes made of printed fabrics.
Sunday through Thursday, 10:30 A.M. to 4:30 P.M.
But as recently as last weekend there were reported efforts by Mr. M'Bow's embittered supporters to seek to deny Mr. Mayor the General Conference's backing.
Critics of the Koch administration point out that the shifts within the city work force have not altered some key demographic patterns, in particular the heavy concentration of black women and white men in city jobs.
Verdi's accompaniment is nothing but a conventional pattern of common chords in triplets, but Mr. Sinopoli introduces sudden accents on the particular triplet that falls under the word ''stolto,'' as though the orchestra were crying ''fool'' along with the baritone.
At the Vancouver meeting, President Kenneth D. Kaunda of Zambia said that without measures to protect investment, giving aid to Mozambique is like ''fattening a sheep for the slaughter'' because the money goes to build new targets for the guerillas to destroy, according to Commonwealth officials.
''It's actually more massive than what we have planned.''
Like ''Brighton Beach Memoirs,'' ''Radio Days'' is set in Brooklyn during World War II, and the domestic scenes in the two films have some slight similarity (though Mr. Allen's film, with its ravishing cinematography and outstandingly witty costume and production design, is by far the better looking).
Iona 75, Manhattan 71 NEW ROCHELLE, N.Y. (AP) -Richie Simmonds and Alvin Lott each scored 17 points as Iona captured the Metro Atlantic Conference game.
If West had begun with a singleton heart, he would have returned his highest club to ask for the higher ranking of the red suits.
What there is is completely apparent, so if people want to damage me, they have to invent things that are lurid and vicious.''
You have to give up some piece of yourself.
Gus lives by rule, practicing every moment of the day to learn the drill for everything he must do.
Mike LaValliere was intentionally walked to load the bases, Sid Bream walked on a 3-2 pitch and Cangelosi, batting for the second time in the inning, beat out a single to shortstop to drive in the final run.
He added, however, that for the last year it had been possible for drivers to buy permits to run overloaded trucks on many highways legally.
One might expect that two good bidders would reach seven hearts or seven no-trump, both of which produce more than enough tricks if the hearts break normally.
La Table des Cordeliers, 32100 Condom, 62.28.33.32.
The term does not, however, explain the books, the essays of literary criticism, and his growing international reputation as a philosopher and tactician of nonviolent antitotalitarian struggle.
Once the weight of those on top breaks those on the bottom, natural yeasts trigger the fermentation, and the resulting carbon dioxide envelops all the fruit.
In addition, the new machine can support up to 100 personal computers connected by local area networks.
The authorities said they had clues suggesting he was killed because mob leaders learned he had withheld payoffs from them.
Matrix rose 4 3/4, to 13, after it was announced that AMP Inc. was buying shares of Matrix.
Friday's performance, weaving Chinese classical and folk music with national and regional dances, will be highlighted by acrobatics.
Later this year, a pickup in business activity could lift rates and compress the margins of thrift units, but she added, ''We don't think the fundamentals will deteriorate that much.''
Since the Gorbachev visit, a Western diplomat said, Rumanians he know seem to be divided into two groups: there are those who wish that the Soviet leader's views would find an echo here, and there are those who share that wish but fear it cannot come true as long as Mr. Ceausescu, who is 69 years old, remains in charge.
''From this preliminary report, it is clear that I.B.M.
That would have no legal force but would at least provide some moral support for the birds.
Yet another candidate, Kim Jong Pil, was reported to have addressed 300,000 people in Taejon, in the heart of the country.
''It was great,'' he recalled.
Mrs. Driscoll was presented in New York at the St. Nicholas Society Ball.
''We are going to have very slow growth for construction in general,'' said Doug Handler, chief forecaster for Wharton Econometrics of Philadelphia.
''There could be an ulterior motive there,'' he said.
These speakers include their own amplifier, making the customary external amplifier or receiver unnecessary.
Samuel Shanies Samuel Shanies turned to Jerry Meglino, another investor in the Spencer-Winston Securities Inc. office on West 38th Street yesterday, to chat about economic policy.
The ambition behind the Musee d'Orsay is still staggering, however, despite the disappointing results; even the expressed philosophy of the design as expressed by Gae Aulenti, to look for ''contrasts rather than compromises'' with the old station, represents a commitment to the bold stroke that would be hard to imagine in the United States, where timidity is so often the rule in public arts projects.
In your article, there was a reference to ''family doctors'' and their proclivity for offering ''patient reassurance and a pill.''
Until late May it had been a cold and stormy spring on the sound, and the bass were late beginning to spawn.
Somebody up there, and everybody here knows who that means, realized the infelicitous implication of the slogan.
* How often do they meet with their clients?
Jeff Hornacek put Phoenix ahead to stay at 75-74 on a 3-point goal with three seconds remaining in the third period.
You have imposed limits on price movements of the index futures contract.
No Treasury Comment In Washington, a Treasury spokesman said that ''we can't comment beyond the statement'' that Mr. Miyazawa and Mr. Baker issued following their meeting.
A good example is what is surely the handsomest architecture book of this season, ARCHITECTURE TRANSFORMED: A History of the Photography of Buildings From 1839 to the Present, by Cervin Robinson and Joel Herschman (203 pp., Architectural League of New York/MIT Press, $50).
The seemingly limited and understated conclusions of the two 10-week-long investigations were not expected to have immediate political ramifications in Israel, and it is not clear how they will be received in Washington.
If his teammates had heard Mattingly talk - each time he uttered the word, he said ''sccarrry'' - they would have been incredulous.
Pepperdine's Craig Davis led all scorers with 20 points.
While the debate continued inside the Administration, Mr. Reagan delivered several speeches this week to focus public attention on welfare policy.
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., actually Jan. 15, will be observed today in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut.
money would help ''upgrade the learning environment.''
Everything is hinged directly on everything else, on each moment.
But he added, ''We'll be ready to confront our remaining problems.''
The bride graduated from Hofstra University and is a candidate for a master's degree in speech pathology and audiology there.
In existing construction,two other techniques are often used to convert an existing wall into a more-soundproof one.
Paul Keating, Australia's Treasurer, has used harsh words in Parliament to describe the opposition: ''sleazebag,'' ''harlot,'' ''gutless spiv'' and ''piece of criminal garbage.''
Perrin Long, an analyst with Lipper Analytical Securities, said that Shearson could underperform the market in the short term because of such concerns.
A few blocks beyond Regent Street, toward Soho, is Golden Square, and facing it on the first floor of an old brick office building is Bernard Quaritch (5-8 Lower John Street, Golden Square, W1; 734 2983), billed quite simply as the oldest and largest antiquarian bookseller in the world.
The school has 380 pupils in kindergarten through the ninth grade.
We named some victims ''boarder babies,'' because they were abandoned by their parents in hospitals, where they languished because of the lack of certified foster parents.
What a terrible blow for cosmeticians serving this area!
But Steven Matthews, Mr. Goldin's spokesman, called the charge ''just ludicrous.''
The nation's utility companies saw output rise a sharp 1.4 percent, standing 3.1 percent higher than a year ago.
THE FIFTY-MINUTE HOUR: A Collection of True Psychoanalytic Tales, by Robert Lindner.
Robert L. Polk, executive director of the Council of Churches, said his organization had started the minority task force in part because it felt that the Gay Men's Health Crisis could not adequately address the needs of black and Hispanic people with AIDS.
Deng Promoted Economic Change Since 1979, Mr. Deng has promoted economic policies designed to rely more on market forces and less on central planning to stimulate economic growth.
He graduated from the Woodberry Forest School and Kenyon College.
Some lions of the tournament arena do that, and the strategy works as well as on the veldt.
Agents for Mr. Rutan and Ms. Yeager said they had been deluged with offers.
Since you do pay New York taxes, you may have a good case for remaining.
''America By Design'' is the second major series on architecture to appear on public television in the past 12 months.
Gone are the customary phrases that open and close an Akan tale, as well as certain symmetries of oral presentation reflecting ancient imperatives of performance style.
''I think they did it because they knew they could never control it,'' Mark Trahant, publisher of The Times, told The Arizona Republic.
Mr. Johnson was heir to the Johnson & Johnson pharmaceutical fortune.
One suspects the works to be a gentle sendup of Process art itself and especially of Richard Serra's propped lead sculptures.
Mr. Caramandi, whom Mr. Dennis described as the front man for the shakedown plot, and Mr. DelGiorno became informers and were promised a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison and a $250,000 fine in racketeering and conspiracy cases.
Results are in Canadian dollars.
Houston scored again one out later on a single by Cruz.
''We haven't seen this kind of response in 20 years,'' said Kalman Ruttenstein, executive vice president for fashion direction at Bloomingdale's.
''He used to try to get things done with his ability alone,'' Johnson said.
#1,300 Hmong Constrained In Nan Province, on the Laotian border, Thai military authorities have been preventing two groups totaling about 1,300 Hmong from seeking asylum and assistance.
Who knows, today maybe even the Babe would refuse to talk to the media and/or accuse them of forcing him to run naked through the dining car.
said Captain Gilfoil violated Delta and F.A.A.
Musically self-taught, Mr. Sylvian plays the rhythm guitar and is a skillful synthesizer programmer who creates his own compositions in a home studio by building what he described as ''atmospheres and layers of texture that always have some sense of location, whether real or imagined.''
The unrest has shut plants at the nation's largest conglomerates, including Hyundai, Daewoo, Samsung and Lucky-Goldstar.
And within parks, officials could develop ways of compensating.
The study was financed by the Federal Transportation Department.
''It is very hard for a man of Iosif's character not to bother the authorities,'' she said.
In both the Waterbury and New Britain cases, the state did not show that building permits had been issued on or after that date for the buildings in question, the Supreme Court concluded.
Neither he nor I can remember what we watched that day, but there's a good chance it was a war movie, a boxing match or a violent cartoon that centered around some kind of a territorial dispute.
OPEC timed its drive toward $18 oil wisely.
But Mr. Reagan, as he has all along, wants more than that: he wants to overthrow the Sandinistas, so that he can claim to have rid the Western Hemisphere of a Marxist Government, one he pictures as a potential Soviet base in the U.S.
''We can only manage the terrorism.
Every so oftem - perhaps every 10 floors, for example - an engineer would place huge beams and columns around the perimeter of the structure.
Like pilgrims, people still journey to the Surf to stare silently at the phone booth where Buddy Holly made his last phone call.
The besetting error all along has been to believe him when he says he hates deficits.
Even older people, it is held in Hungary, are so well fed and dressed as to give Budapest the illusion of an almost Western European look.
''I really feel good now; there's no need to retire with no other job to go to,'' he said.
They got two runs off Joe Cowley in the first inning and five more off Cowley and Tom Hume in the second and stormed through an evening of cold and rain to whip the Phillies again, 9-3.
More challenging Nordic skiing is a 20-minute drive from the Farm at Timm's Hill, the highest point in Wisconsin, or at the Winter Park Nordic Center in Minocqua, about 30 miles away.
Because these theaters are different, what is surprising is that the Arena's production of ''Ghosts'' suffers from much the same difficulties as the Victory Repertory's ''Doll's House,'' albeit on a lesser scale.
I wish it were more, but it's a hard thing to sell.
I asked a friend of mine who is a middle-aged New York City novelist.
''Delta has an excellent reputation with passengers, and they've got a lot of good will in the bank,'' Mr. Hatch said earlier this week.
''If we were to close that down, it would be interpreted as another sign of being pushed out of the Middle East.''
Here, the basic plan is strong, with the skylit concourse serving as central spine and welcome antidote to the gloom of most below-ground institutions, and the kiosk and a cylindrical stair hall providing a stimulating, if circuitous, public entrance.
During his weeklong extradition hearing that ended with his momentary discharge, the court listened to accusations that for years Mr. McVey was the ringleader of a complex plot to export sophisticated computer hardware illegally to the Soviet Union through Switzerland and Mexico.
Linda DeMiglio, Daniel's mother, said children today have come to expect this.
Or, to cite a telling vignette in Jonathan Schell's ''History in Sherman Park'': How could it be that one of the people he interviewed -who in 1968 had voted for Senator Eugene McCarthy, who in 1972 had voted for Senator George McGovern, who in 1976 had voted for Peter Camejo, the candidate of the Socialist Workers Party, who in 1980 had voted for Barry Commoner, the candidate of the Citizens Party - decided in 1984 to vote for, of all candidates, Ronald Reagan?
The day's biggest gainer was UAL, which rose 6 1/4, to 72.
And every time we found we did it wrong, we'd have a big lessons-learned thing and find some admiral to figure out what was wrong with it.
The actions would be the agency's first substantive steps this year toward bringing the nation into compliance with Federal air pollution standards, notably for ozone, by a Dec. 31 deadline.
But they said they had received no official word of the decision.
LoGRANDE: No, I'm not, and also I'd just like to remind you that Pat is good at making predictions.
In New Jersey, where the requirement is 150 minutes a week, and in Connecticut, which recommends 60 to 100 minutes a week for its youngest pupils, the situation is similar.
Although now painted red, all the original brick is a warm orange, contrasting with varying material: terra cotta, nearly white limestone, dark brownstone and polished granite.
Does that sound a little like the way you've always thought of Russia?
The aristocrat, the profligate, the professional hostess, the business man very much on the make, the pure young girl, the hanging judge, the obsessional gambler, the unhurrying old craftsman and the seasoned and undeluded observer -all have found full and fine expression in the iconography of London.
Rutgers held its largest advantage at 63-42 with 7:56 remaining when the Wolpack made a run.
Question About Ferraro When it was Mr. Pickelle's turn, he asked whether Edward Flynn had testified before the Queens grand jury investigating corruption in Queens.
This tiny little person, taken suddenly from the solitude of the womb, was fighting to survive amid the bright lights, tubes and gentle, probing hands.
Today, the aspiring woman politician may well refuse to be caught between a square-cut or pear-shaped rock and a hard place.
''I felt a surge of reawakening to what I love to do - making things with my hands and being around food,'' Ms. Cunningham says.
The house, which was built in the 1920's, has a front porch, beamed ceiling, hardwood floors, and 33-foot living room.
1 $92 million in PTL funds is missing, along with a 1939 Rolls Royce, and the ministry is seeking emergency donations to help pay a $66.7 million debt.
There may also be sanitation problems.
And Wotan's long monologue in ''Die Walkure'' was ''so boring.''
His job is to tell Coach Joe Walton who is available if somebody is needed in a hurry.
Page A1 Military cadets in the Philippines insist that the extent of a student protest over the weekend has been exaggerated.
When a fish hits, the line pulls free of the weight.
For August, sales of durable goods, items expected to last three or more years, were up 2.3 percent.
Mr. Seuffert supported himself as a music teacher and chairman of the music departments at Grover Cleveland High School in Queens and Bushwick High School.
The next day the question about whether the remaining hens would lay again was resolved.
Art on the Road The practice of sending out and receiving traveling exhibitions is second nature to major museums in the United States, but in Italy putting fine art on the road can still be a subject of controversy.
No wonder buyers are asking if they can negotiate a lesser amount.
President Reagan restored its independence, Mrs. Ruppe its vigor.
How could it be that what has always been billed as one of the most successful entities of its kind in the nation suddenly needs $60 million so badly that it is willing to promise almost anything to get it?
The labor unrest has come as no surprise to many Koreans.
''Wanaque has not grown because it's land-locked,'' said Richard Koch, senior vice president of Dubnoff & Koch, a development company in Clifton, N.J., which has joined Cali Associates of Cranford, N.J., in the project.
Its completion would enable us to compare, in objective terms, military spending in the Soviet Union and Western countries.
Donald E. Campbell, deputy director of the Office of Government Ethics, raised the matter in a letter last Friday to Senator William Proxmire, the Wisconsin Democrat who is chairman of the Banking Committee.
Results are in U.S. dollars.
Giles Gilbert Hunt was his cousin's best man.
It was built at a cost of $25 million, with the Federal Government paying 80 percent and Vermont and New York sharing the remainder.
A telephone paging device and an unspecified amount of cash was found on one victim - the police did not say which one - and the police ruled out robbery as a motive.
This is worrying to some shrewd students of political-intellectual history.
''Lotus is going to be in great jeopardy with Quattro,'' he said.
Neighbors and family friends have testified that they suspected Miss Pierson had a sexual relationship with her father, but that they never went to the authorities.
Two other New York agencies still in the running for the $200 million account are N. W. Ayer and D'Arcy Masius Benton & Bowles.
He makes no effort to answer this objection except to say that because the SS-20 is ''militarily meaningless,'' there is no need for the Soviet Union to cheat.
As played by Salvatore Accardo, violin; Bruno Canino, piano, and a quartet of American string players (Dynamic CDS 44), Chausson's piece successfully establishes more of a middle point between orchestral bigness and the delicate beauties of such songs as ''Nanny'' and ''Le Temps de lilas.''
500 futures is about $130,000.
I would like them to come into Mile High Stadium and fear us like they feared the Giants this season.''
TENTATIVE OFFERINGS DURING WEEK Baltimore County, Md., $164 million of general obligation bonds.
In Litchfield County itself, Michael Harwood, president of the Washington Environmental Council, said he believed the change in route was partly ''a public relations gesture,'' but, he added, ''it's hard not to see some substantial concessions in what they've done.''
Tangled Intentions Some of the answers I don't like.
The Bayview inmates' 33 phones can handle 7,000 calls a day, yet incoming calls on most days may exceed 10,000 and sometimes run as high as 15,000.
But despite all the achievements, only a week from the season opener he doesn't quite know where the Jets are headed.
American officials had dominated the pre-summit stage in recent days by warning of increased dangers in the gulf and voicing optimism on the prospects of an arms-control agreement with the Soviet Union to eliminate medium-range nuclear missiles from Europe.
But consensus on solutions was elusive.
League of Women Voters: ''What Makes New York City Run''; nonpartisan books and information about voting rights, government, primaries.
And please re-use your towel to save wash. (A word to the wise here on wash.
A second panel is projecting the number of AIDS patients to be cared for and the cost.
Taken out of the breezily entertaining context of a ridiculously adventurous yarn, the action highlights will begin to leave even devoted fans a bit numb.
A hand-lettered sign near a ballot-counting station declared: ''Finally we have won over the dictatorship.
The guilty verdicts against Mr. Friedman and his three co-defendants were delivered by a Connecticut jury last November after eight weeks of testimony in the Federal Courthouse in New Haven.
Lukas Foss, that indefatigable exhumer of symphonic rarities, has done it again.
Although there is no ''average organ,'' a typical instrument designed for a large church has some 4,000 pipes.
A large, handsome work, it allegorizes and monumentalizes the typical after-dark park population and bathes some in an inexplicable, unnatural bright orange light.
Edwin Moses won the 400-meter hurdles in 47.94 seconds, the third-best time in the world this year and just below his 1987 best of 47.69.
The wise guys at the health spas started passing the word that the last few pot bellies in the suburbs had been sighted and were about to be eradicated.
The gardeners used Lila Webb's garden books, seed catalogues and autochrome photographs as a guide.
An Oriental rug that the recipient tries to refuse on the grounds that the giver attempts to control him with her largesse, that she might walk over him as one walks over a rug.
A cockeyed optimist, corny as Kansas in August - that's me.
''Marty said I can have Elmer back if I miss him too much.''
A higher minimum would undoubtedly raise the living standard of the majority of low-wage workers who could keep their jobs.
The residents of those two towns want the state to build the facilities someplace else.
However, their contracts are basically similar, according to Domenick Yezzi, manager of industry relations for the Insurance Services Office.
THE CAST - DISORDERLIES, directed by Michael Schultz; written by Mark Feldberg and Mitchell Klebanoff; cinematographer, Rolf Kesterman; produced by Mr. Schultz, George Jackson and Michael Jaffe; released by Warner Brothers.
The Republican leader, Warren M. Anderson of Binghamton, said that without further tax reductions the budget was ''simply not acceptable.''
''I don't think anybody will have a serious chance of getting the Republican nomination who is not seen as being a strong supporter for the Nicaraguan freedom fighters,'' said Richard A. Viguerie, a conservative publisher and expert on direct mail.
He understands the impossibility of creating art that transcends the system which permits it to exist.
At that time, Mr. Traynor was being considered as a possible Government witness at the trial.
Mr. Lamont's tiresome trio shares a penchant for attitudinizing and for exchanging pretentious jargon.
'Betrayed and Embarrassed' The struggle has drawn in other top Republicans.
itself, to see that the agency's mission is carried out with adequate funding and increased vigor.
Reception by Archbishop Philip M. Hannan at St. Louis Cathedral.
But they wouldn't allow that.
At the same time, the airlines and operators of private aircraft have been pressuring the F.A.A.
Mrs. Chhey Kanha said the cause was the ignorance of mothers.
There are chairs for extended sitting - fitted with shapely seats, sweeping arms routed with finger rests, curved high backs and sturdy, turned legs.
''In my judgment, these are the worst community-college facilities I've ever seen, and I've worked all over the nation, including the poorer Southern states,'' he said.
The inventory of tritium for United States weapons is estimated to be 60 to 100 kilograms, or 132 to 220 pounds (Nuclear Weapons Databook, Volume II, page 78).
The sense of disappointment in the room was almost palpable.
Determined to succeed, she never waited for destiny to hand her any favors.
He was arrested in August on charges of violating the country's law on assembly and demonstrations, in addition to the charge of slandering the state.
But, in the ninth, Clark hit a mistake.
This novel is based on the facts in the case.
Anything can happen in the White House - because it does strange things to people.
To receive criticism from an owner was a deviation from the past a little bit.''
But Thomas H. Blatner, director of the New Jersey Division of Youth and Family Services said his Camden office was unaware of the criminal charges because Mr. Asbell's office had failed to keep the agency informed of developments in Criminal Court.
The Mayor and Mr. Vrdolyak, dominating two of the major factions of local Democratic politics, have failed to cooperate on a single issue.
The downgrading of English, which Mr. Pineda says is spoken to some degree by perhaps 35 percent of the population, is part of a new sense of nationalism that has been emerging in recent years.
He later said, ''I can remember pushing, possibly slapping, him.''
We realize that Christine's illness has not been a phony play for sympathy but the real thing and that her disappearance constitutes not an act of abandonment but a cowardly attempt to save her daughter from the knowledge of her imminent death.
In an effort to strengthen the backcourt, the Rockets brought nine guards to training camp, including World B.
Except for the very early stages, the Flames outskated the Devils and won every battle to the puck and for the puck.
''Getting a man to wear a condom isn't as simple as saying 'You look better in a hat,' '' she notes, and promptly goes condom-shopping.
Neither the Federal law nor the California law provides a precise definition of disability or specifies any part of the pregnancy for which disability is presumed.
He served in the Navy during World War II, attaining the rank of commander and receiving several decorations, including the chevalier Legion of Honor from France.
I start about 10 o'clock at night to work on my papers.
Valor will raise the money from the sale of securities through its two merchant banks, Hoare Govett Ltd. and Barclays de Zoete Wedd Ltd. Valor would also give the Belzbergs warrants, or rights, to buy two million shares, somewhat less than 2 percent of the British company, while the Belzbergs agreed to buy $35 million of Valor's convertible preferred stock.
For the State Department, the instructions to Mr. Shultz present a mixed picture.
The authorities said an inquiry found 44 violations that investigators considered willful, including two inadequate exits, five locked exits, 15 exits unprotected by self-closing fire doors and 10 blocked passageways.
At that time, it was still inexpensive.''
They often push for joint ventures that presumably enable them to exercise some control over the way their products are marketed in Japan.
The dollar drifted lower yesterday against most key currencies except the British pound and Canadian dollar, as dealers shrugged off the latest set of economic indicators from the United States.
The bride, who was presented at the Winter Ball in San Francisco, is a graduate of Smith College and the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University, where she received an M.B.A. She is an account manager at the New York advertising agency of Lord, Geller, Federico, Einstein Inc.
Mr. Gottlieb said there was nothing especially difficult or creative about editing, and he said there were two ways to publish: ''One is to try to figure out what the public wants and give it to them.
In Baghdad, a military spokesman said Iraqi warplanes had scored an accurate hit on ''a large naval target.''
Phone numbers for the metropolitan area are: Manhattan/Bronx/Staten Island - (212) 732-0100 Brooklyn/Queens - (718) 596-3770 Nassau - (516) 222-1131 Suffolk - (516) 724-5000 Westchester/Rockland - (914) 997-1510 If you live in neighboring states, or in other areas outside the above, call the general toll-free number: 1-800-424-1040
Mr. Brock said in his 1985 decision that if the states' response within 18 months was adequate to protect fieldworkers, ''no further Federal action would be required.''
''When the monthly costs to subscribers goes down, that's when the boom will really come,'' said Robert W. Maher, president of the Cellular Telecommunications Industry Association.
No further secret unauthorized markings have been found, Mrs. Howard says, adding that the remaining 107 plates will be examined in the next six or seven months.
Just at the time when younger age groups are declining, and the percentage of the elderly in the population is increasing, the number of people entering nursing programs is declining.
The letter warns of the ''injurious impact on U.S.-E.E.C.
'' A quick call to the N.C.A.A.
Rosie Barnes, a Member of Parliament and the Social Democratic Party's spokesman on education issues, said that while her party recognized the need for reform and agreed that parents should be given a greater say in the education of their children, party members believed the plan would benefit the wealthy.
He is not the whole show, however.
But some officials feel the Soviet leader is winning a game of international public relations as Moscow announces shifts of position, then waits for Washington to react.
Thirty-nine of the yards came on a second-and-10 play from the Jets' 46 when he caught a pass over the middle.
A few years ago, NOAA might have promised to do its best.
Following are results of yesterday's auction of new two-year Treasury notes: Average Price... 99.864 Average Yield... 7.95% Low Price... 99.774 High Yield... 8.00% High Price... 99.937 Low Yield... 7.91% Accepted at low price... 8% Total applied for... $22,921,800 Accepted... $9,255,330 N.Y. applied for... $20,069,030 N.Y. accepted... $8,233,350 Noncompetitive... $768,000 Interest set at.. 7-7/8% The two-year notes mature Oct. 31, 1989.
Mr. Tudor was a contemporary choreographer, taking classical ballet into a realm that modern dance had claimed as its own.
As a final bonus, this new Universal Service Airline would be required to take over the air traffic controllers, since it would now be the major user of their services.
In addition, it listed two restaurants that were allowed to reopen after correcting earlier violations, and three that were closed for having failed to do so.
Pillar, the festival is expected to draw more than 30,000 people from throughout the United States, Canada and abroad.
''I think we know about as well as we know anything in paleontology that our branch of the evolutionary tree grew in Africa,'' Stephen Jay Gould, a Harvard paleontologist and historian of science, has written.
Judge Bork, an honorable and accomplished lawyer, was described on the Senate floor as being particularly discouraged that many black Americans consider him a racist.
''Then we would go back and eat each of them at least three times at different places and ask the market vendors what went into them.
Prof. Monika Hellwig, president of the Catholic Theological Society of America, said traditionalists viewed John Paul's appointments to the episcopate ''the way American conservatives view Reagan's appointments to the Supreme Court: They hope for as many as possible.''
Claire was inspired to make moves even at the expense of the club's payroll.
That shows how good a team they were.
Five of their starting players tonight were switch-hitters, but not at their best when swinging right-handed against the Twins' ace left-hander, Frank Viola.
In addition to Mr. White, the other members of the panel are: William H. Booth, lawyer in private practice and a retired judge of the Criminal Court of New York City.
Other options: $250 for a 7:30 P.M.
I think he ran a good race.
No sooner had the high-stakes Skins Game become a golfing fixture than you could almost hear the wheels of copycat creativity grinding.
In the same time, industry capital, the best indicator of health, has increased sixfold, to $30 billion.
Young people who run and hit and throw and chatter in high humor among the innings.
''Detention will not kill the spirit and ideas that we are fighting for,'' he said.
''I was shocked to see it.''
Under my legislation, also sponsored by Bronx Assemblyman George Friedman, those applying to the State Department of Motor Vehicles for new automobile registrations or renewals would be required to account for the whereabouts of previously owned automobiles or trucks.
And, they still have not answered two basic questions - who would buy such a security and at what price?
Mr. Davies, the author of ''God's Playground: A History of Poland,'' ''Heart of Europe: A Short History of Poland,'' and other works, has often been called the leading historian on Poland in the West.
''I think you're going to be thrilled to find you've met a man who stands for all you've been hoping someone would, a man whom you can trust your children's future to, and someone you'll want to get to know, want to get closer to.
International House, 500 Riverside Drive (122d St.).
Then it was a cabal of spiteful Republicans.
Ulster County Fred Viterious, New Paltz Highway Superintendent.
''If Moynihan sits back and takes the race for granted, he could get himself beaten,'' said Frank Havlicek, a professor of political science at Columbia University.
A pair of pliers was one of the prizes offered to the fastest skipper on a recent Saturday morning.
The commission is now scheduled to issue its report on Feb. 26.
We would recommend that, unless you thrive on gently seasoned food, you request extra spiciness if you order the beef sate as well as chicken sauteed with ginger (ga xao gung) - a marvelous combination of chicken, ginger slivers, onions, red peppers and cilantro.
Emissary From Israeli Leader Mr. Nir was the special emissary of Shimon Peres, who was then the Israeli Prime Minister, to the United States during the dealings with Iran last year.
Last year, he arrived on time but a still-unresolved contract problem and the forthcoming birth of his first child were on his mind throughout camp.
Tim Daggett, the other gold medalist still active and competing for the first time in four months after a serious neck injury, was third with 112.45.
The Giants do not play an old-fashioned 1 P.M. Sunday game until Dec. 6, when they meet the Eagles at Giants Stadium.
The American Cafes are ''yuppie cafeterias'' with food good enough that the vast majority of Zagat contributors are customers; 209 1/2 is the Capitol Hill standout; Lauriol Plaza, has better food than the place that spawned it, the venerable Plaza.
And already they have discovered that, with a minimum of organization and management, they can grab a larger share of the considerable wealth that recycled garbage generates.
Weeks This On Week List Nonfiction 1 2 HIS WAY, by Kitty Kelley.
The festival is presenting an unusual amount of dance this summer.
* Richmond Hill Savings Bank, Floral Park, L.I., which has gross assets of about $900 million, said it had begun negoiations to acquire Riverhead Savings Bank, which has gross assets of $400 million.
Congress says further studies are needed.
Poor countries are paying back more to the International Monetary Fund than they are getting in new loans, and the difference rose sharply to about $1.69 billion in the first quarter.
Schottenheimer argued vehemently along the sideline that the formation was run exactly as described in an earlier consultation with officials.
* Travel expenses, including food and lodging incurred primarily to inspect or maintain investment properties, are deductible.
So far, only New Zealand and the Philippines have approved T.P.A.
''The most efficient way of clearing out Rikers is more efficient and swifter justice,'' Mr. Flateau said, adding this meant ''finding more space very fast.''
The treaties have been the object of benign neglect for years.
During the American Revolution, says Dr. Thomas P. Robinson, provost of the College of Boca Raton in Florida.
''Most of us are real depressed,'' said Sierra-Sue Hill, who has worked in the 1.7-million-square-foot plant since 1961.
Buses were dispatched to shuttle students to those schools and to take them to their hotels at 6 P.M., when the Project KIN sessions ended.
Overseas Finance Corporation N.V., said they carried a face amount of more than $1 billion.
; Eddie Wold of Houston, and Peter Weichsel of Encinitas, Calif.
Yaxchilan is located in the Mexican state of Chiapas, one of the poorest in the country and one that the Mexican Government has promised to help develop.
Add softened matzoh meal, eggs and remaining parsley and process until well blended.
b-After a gain of $10,119,000 on the extinguishment of debt, and includes a one-time $60 million third quarter charge for restructuring costs for phase-out of facilities in Barbados and Puerto Rico and the company's exit from the bubble memory business.
Volume was the fourth-largest ever, at 263.2 million shares.
Surfers can be found on either side of the Capitol.
Audi had been urging its owners to return their cars to dealers to have a device installed that prevents them from shifting out of park without first stepping on the brake.
And what did he whisper?
William H. Webster, the Director of Central Intelligence, said today that the Reagan Administration would oppose legislation to restrict the Central Intelligence Agency in the aftermath of the Iran-contra affair, according to Congressional officials.
It is through its efforts that nursing salaries have achieved today's levels.
The company had purchased Cray supercomputers before.
The show has been criticized for portraying occupation forces in uniforms much like those of United Nations troops, then showing them to be rapists and marauders.
That gripping political drama in the Philippines continues to leave a world audience agape.
The Warriors, in the playoffs for the first time in a decade, advanced to the conference semifinals starting Tuesday night against the Lakers in Los Angeles.
More importantly, her recital Wednesday evening provided the first opportunity to evaluate what effects various acoustical alterations have had on Weill Recital Hall.
Thomas B. Gorin, president of the Greenwich Board of Realtors, termed it ''New Jersey's problem.''
Lawyers familiar with the case offered a variety of explanations for why the grand jury would be asked to indict Mr. Simon separately from the other officials.
''That probably did change things to a major degree,'' Holmes said.
Hartz contends that it does not have to extend the walkway out on the 980-foot pier.
And on Thursday and Friday nights at 8, the New York Composers Orchestra will play new works by several composers scored for jazz orchestra at the Greenwich House Hayden Auditorium, 27 Barrow Street (east of 7th Avenue near Bleecker Street).
Setting priorities is never easy.
Frank Layden, the coach of the Jazz, said Tripucka would get more playing time if he continued to perform as he did against Cleveland.
SOME of the most active buyers in the stock market these days are corporations that see their own shares as the best place to invest excess cash.
But as you run east along the northern bank of the Lim Fjord, you will come, in the center of the country where the Lim Fjord narrows, to the base camp of the invading fleet.
By 6 to 3, the Court upheld the fines.
The stormy romance of a saloonkeeper and a temperance crusader in a small Kansas town.
Despite recent gains, the value of stocks in the market as of Friday's close remained about $800 billion below its peak of Aug. 25, and the Dow was down 708.33 points, or 26 percent.
Take the right fork to the overlook.
If the law's deadline of Dec. 31 is not extended, Colorado could lose more than $30 million in Federal highway and sewer funds, although the Government has rarely exercised such penalties so far.
The cottages have kitchens and cable television, but no telephones.
BOUNCER IN BABYLON - CLUB LIFE, directed, written and produced by Norman Thaddeus Vane, story by Bleu McKenzie and Mr. Vane; director of photography, Joel King; music by FM Songs (America) Inc.; released by Troma Inc. At Cine 1, 711 Seventh Avenue, near 47th Street.
to strengthen the inter-agency processes of decision making.
What the basis of this facility is I don't know, and he doesn't know, either.''
'Not in My Backyard' ''We could build 90-foot, ugly obelisks in the middle of Sheridan Square if it was the safety of people who ride on the Seventh Avenue subway,'' he said.
The tobacco, the woman added, had been obtained on the west bank in exchange for dried fish.
By the end of 1986, there were 210 licensed nondeposit mortgage lenders in the state.
Although Dr. Walker stands by his original contention that the skull represents an early boisei, the consensus at Stony Brook was that the skull was something new and deserved to be designated as a distinct australopithecine species, according to Frederick E. Grine, a Stony Brook anthropologist who directed the conference.
Mrs. Crafts, who worked for Pan American World Airways, had been missing two months when her husband, Richard, was arrested Jan. 13 and charged with her murder.
''When the exhibition is over on April 26, the walls will be washed down, ready to hang paintings again.''
Management Dynamics consultants found that although most of the information needed by the sales force was already available in the company or easily obtainable from outside sources, the data were so badly organized that it was almost impossible for the sales force to make use of it.
''Twenty-nine minutes into midtown is a tremendous advantage,'' he said.
Then for the Ambassador it is off to the Vista Hotel and another speech, before an international business organization, followed by a reception and dinner.
Inns could inspire a travel piece or one on architecture.
''The sum is not as important as it seems, because in traditional public works we have spent much more,'' Mr. Bohigas said.
Justice Ciparick's decision allows San Diego to respond to 19 challenges for the America's Cup from nine nations for a regatta to be held in 12-Meters in 1990 or 1991.
To the Editor: Although the arguments continue about Thomas Jefferson and Sally Hemmings (letters, Feb. 15, March 1 and 15) even the supporters of the Jefferson-Hemmings liaison appear to overlook Sally Hemmings, the person.
Selling for Security Sales have increased elevenfold since 1984 at Patten, a Vermont-based company that sells land from Maine to Florida and as far west as Montana, Mr. Harrison said.
Detectives would offer no specific details on targets.
Mr. Bok also was awarded an honorary degree.
Life is a series of losses, the author says, and we must confront them to grow.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*INDIANA BANCSHARES Qtr to Sept 30 1987 1986 Net inc 353,000 298,000 Per share .73 .98 Shares outst 483,215 316,414 9mo net inc 872,000 748,000 Per share 2.37 2.41 View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Is it so startling to observe, after a century and a half of social revolution and political movements, that since the Communist Party took power, a new generation of Chinese every few years demands greater participation in the political system?
In the final section of the show, he tops his own previous best at both extremes.
It was a rare public statement from the Justice on the conditions he endured in the 1940's and 1950's.
Despite falling sales, big write-downs and rising debt since 1981, Pennzoil has not suffered an annual loss during the Liedtke era.
The brothers opened up their gym on their own and, within a year, Hagler walked through the door.
As jetliners compete for takeoff or landing clearance, growing numbers of small airplanes cross the same skies going to small airports nearby that are used by private aircraft.
Israeli military officials confirmed that at least three Palestinians suffered gunshot wounds.
But the passage of assets to the next generations can cause severe problems in the estate planning process, since taxes may be levied on funds left to children or grandchildren.
But the president of the local chapter of the union, Arthur Kent, said he welcomed the prospect of a buyout as an alternative to the kind of widespread dismissals that took place at CBS and ABC.
''I also see the need to improve the productivity of the business by emphasizing profitability per square foot, not just the traditional sales per square foot,'' he said.
Since then some of the dismissed employees have found other jobs with aerospace companies on the Island.
Those officials contend that it would be more damaging for the embassy to remain in its present quarters.
B14 A man's heart was transplanted into another man from a live donor, doctors said.
'A Piece of Art' Under the ownership of Harry B. Helmsley, the building's rooftop was regilded and illuminated.
Hence, the importance (for Moscow) of bringing the missiles in secretly and (for Washington) of discovering them before they were operational.
Few of Mr. Dunne's gags can be repeated here - except for the Hollywood mother who specializes in ''theme bar mitzvahs'' (at ''Rancho Sheldon,'' she had ''a branding iron for table selection''), or a woman so ambitious that she slept ''her way to the middle'' - because they are either too complex or too raunchy.
* American Cyanamid Co., Wayne, N.J., elected as a director Anne Wexler, chairman of Wexler, Reynolds, Harrison & Schule Inc. of Washington, consultants in government relations and public affairs.
The Navy awarded production of the plane in 1957 to Grumman, which has its headquarters in Bethpage and which employs more than 24,000 people on the Island.
Thirty-six Republican senators, and 34 Democrats, have asked that Secretary of State George P. Shultz cancel his trip to Moscow to sound out Soviet positions on arms and other issues.
The Federal Government has installed a network of 33 lightning detectors across the West.
He graduated from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and received a law degree from the State University at Buffalo.
At lunch, Mr. Shultz touched on human rights: ''Americans are glad to see continued efforts toward political reconciliation and sincerely hope that progress on this front will facilitate the participation of all Liberians in your country's political life.''
Later that year, the court papers say, he began receiving threatening telephone calls at his home and an anonymous leaflet was also left in his mailbox at the airport.
The Reagan Administration has encouraged the dollar's decline from its peak of almost two years ago because a cheaper dollar slows imports into the United States, by pushing their prices up, and dampens the momentum in Congress to pass protectionist laws to restrict imports.
He also announced that he would invoke his prerogative of granting mercy to those involved in what he called ''the illegal seizure of power.''
For this reason it is impossible to know whether the scientist in charge used the above recipe; the possibility of multiple births suggests, for example, that several eggs were mixed in the dish, instead of just one.
He jabbed its barrel into his front pocket, exposing the handle, and strolled out the door of the center.
Obviously, if we get private funds, the monuments can get a higher level of care.
New Direction for Area The proposals under consideration reflect the growing acceptance, nevertheless, among real-estate developers and city planners of the idea that the dilapidated industrial neighborhood west of the garment district and south of the Lincoln Tunnel has a bright commercial future.
Mack Lobell majestically justified his reputation as the premier trotter of the year by capturing the $1,046,300 Hambletonian at the Meadowlands today.
The fiscal 1986 results are restated for adoption of new accounting standard on Employers' Accounting for Pensions.
Once again, as all but the jurors knew, one of those witnesses - a paramedic who treated Mr. Cabey -had heard a statement.
''I see lots of good news ahead.''
Mr. Turnbull was president of the Rogers Peet Company, the men's clothiers, from 1936 until his retirement in 1965.
Council officials said Lebanon opposed Security Council action on the issue because it considers it an internal matter.
As I helped my mother spontaneously clean up a storage closet while we rummaged for the diaries, I couldn't help but notice how easy it was for me to throw out my father's notes on Civil Service exams in the 1930's.
It calls for building extra-tall office towers at the eastern end of the blocks, and using the extra revenue to pay for restoring the theaters in the midblock area, improve the Times Square subway station and build a hotel and other new facilities.
He proposed instead that Mr. Trump make his offer directly to NBC.
Because, among other reasons, incest cuts to the core of so many cherished principles about the American family - privacy, parental control, marital sex, discipline, trust -it remains uncomfortable and deeply disturbing.
Mr. Fort, a thickset man who wears a Moslem prayer cap, has been a gangleader in Chicago for more than a decade, and even from prison, he remained the man in charge, placing almost daily collect calls back to Chicago to take care of the El Rukn's business.
ANTONIO ZUMEL, a negotiator for the Communist insurgents in the Philippines, returned to the underground 10 days ago when the already faltering peace talks with the Government of President Corazon C. Aquino broke down.
Yet a monument to Adam Mickiewicz, Poland's national poet, who is linked with Vilna, another city now in the Soviet Union, retains a place of honor on a central square.
Mr. Stone, who wrote the script for ''Platoon'' 11 years ago but couldn't get any studio to make the movie, was nominated for directing and original screenplay.
Yet pressures from both Moscow and Washington could tug him in the opposite direction.
Rudolph W. Giuliani, the United States Attorney in Manhattan, stressed in a news conference at his office that an extensive investigation was continuing.
He said he was not sure what would happen next, but that it was clear that this was a shift in a new direction for the company, whose board members are all over 65 years old.
Four percent of the employees in all state agencies in those regions were members of minority groups.
But it wasn't because of crisp, precision basketball.
Several companies suggested inserting a spare floppy disk into the disk drive to protect the read-write heads during transport.
The question has gathered momentum as pressures on politicians grow for a quick fix of what has come to be seen as an air travel crisis.
Would you speak to that?
The Prime Minister is a figurehead, and Cabinet members are frequently replaced when it is felt that someone must take responsibility for politically delicate situations.
---- An Expectant Father Bud Harrelson, the Mets' infield coach, returned to his home in Hauppauge, L.I., where his wife, Kim, was expecting a child.
''It is never too late to get vaccinated,'' said Dr. Edwin D. Kilbourne of Mount Sinai School of Medicine, an expert on the influenza virus.
The company was not getting the full benefit.''
In each case another company ended up acquiring the target.
The conviction in these works is also present in Daniel B. Tisdale's African carvings immaculately drawn in graphite on wrapping paper with a silver motif.
Go four miles and turn off on Exit 17 (on Route 64).
''If you want me to speak frankly about 'Star Wars,' I do not believe that the S.D.I.
Critical of Recruiting Speaking at the spring conference of the teacher's union at the Sheraton Centre Hotel in Manhattan, Ms. Feldman said specialized high schools to train students in a variety of careers are proliferating in the city but none is devoted to teaching.
offers a close-up view of the continuing resistance and repression in one of South America's enduring dictatorships.
THE MAN WHO MADE POLAR EXPLO-ration seem easy never found an elegant solution to his financial difficulties.
QUESTION: In a tennis match being played on an extremely windy day, the player who has just made a shabby first serve because of the swirling conditions is getting ready to serve the ball again.
Schoolchildren visit the old truck throughout the year.
Different Views of Rates Mr. Robertson expects that economic growth will continue to be strong enough to put upward pressure on interest rates.
Stock market prices plunged in a tumultuous wave of selling yesterday, giving Wall Street its worst day in history and raising fears of a recession.
''Look at that building,'' said Blanca Ramirez, standing on the street outside one day recently.
The Seats of the Senators of the first Class shall be vacated at the expiration of the second Year, of the second Class at the expiration of the fourth Year, and of the third class at the Expiration of the sixth Year, so that one third may be chosen every second Year, and if Vacancies happen by Resignation, or otherwise, during the Recess of the Legislature of any State, the Executive thereof may make temporary Appointments until the next Meeting of the Legislature, which shall then fill such Vacancies.
Completing their perfect record this year, the Tigers hit 225 home runs to 196 for the Twins and had a 4.02 earned run average to Minnesota's 4.63.
Sharp Differences in Polls The Government has issued two of its own polls suggesting that most people oppose direct elections next year.
Share Voted for Orthopedist The Cardinals kept their team orthopedist, Dr. Stan London, so busy with all of their injuries this year that the players voted him half a World Series share.
Steel companies and labor unions have applied enormous political pressure to escape the next round of plant closings and dismissals and to keep the current system of production quotas that guarantees them a share of a dwindling market.
These days Berliners have adopted more egalitarian gathering places or Lokale, a word Berliners use to refer to their favorite cafes, restaurants or bars.
The two rebel officials are returning under the terms of a new Central American peace treaty calling for national reconciliation and efforts to end guerrilla wars.
If so, they don't quite comprehend the nature of an alliance between free countries.
The human presence - whether Mr. Fulton's or anyone else's - is never so much as hinted at.
Hernandez was coiled and pouncing, and he lined it past the right-field foul pole for his 16th home run and a 2-0 lead for Aguilera.
Sadly, inheritance disputes and departures of owners have left many standing empty and in need of maintenance.
Officials of the agency were generally encouraged by the fund's ability to grow in the face of record failures.
''Make My Day thrives on having confidence in the rider; he's sensitive and cautious, and he hates to touch the jumps, so I have to make sure I put him in exactly the right spot so that doesn't happen,'' she said.
Bateman (R) N Y 2.
He was chairman of the Housing Committee and a ranking member of the Transportation Committee.
Scientists have discovered that a natural body protein is probably a major cause of the deadliest complication of malaria, a finding that could point toward new methods of treatment.
''I was watching television on election night,'' he said, and this gave him the idea to try for the job of Patent Office commissioner.
The address: 100 East 17th Street.
An important consideration in judging ''A White Romance'' must be the question of audience.
He declared an emergency, and airport controllers directed his plane toward a main runway at Indianapolis International Airport.
India, representing hundreds of thousands of victims in the disaster, is suing Carbide for $3 billion in damages.
But such matters are tied to expectation - in travel, to guidebooks, brochures and timetables.
The Governor asked Mr. Maddox to bring his cover-up charges to Mr. Hynes.
It also has a Washington office for lobbying.
I had no idea he had aspirations to be a pro quarterback.
Motorola is one chip maker that continued to make money during the industry's recent famine period.
His father is a partner in the New York law firm of Shearman & Sterling.
Trust in arms control would seep through to trust in other areas.''
has some advantage in being the incumbent and having a very powerful image,'' which in his words is ''the greatest obstacle we have to overcome.''
Instead of a classical gold standard, the use of a broad-based commodity basket as a reference point for the conduct of monetary policy may provide a suitable anchor for the international monetary system.
President Daniel Ortega Saavedra of Nicaragua said last week that the plan was constructive but indicated that Nicaragua may propose modifications.
Inflation is running at around 25 percent and with the increase in prices, will jump significantly, hitting hardest the vast majority of Ecuadoreans who earn less than $1,000 a year.
New Orleans Saints These traditional outcasts have been impressive and promise to become a rising team.
Then Teufel singled and another run crossed, which gave the Mets a 5-2 lead, and Manager Jim Leyland began to reach into his bullpen.
They must report to a local immigration office once a month.
It began after World War II when, as an official of the United Nations Relief and Rehabilitation Administration, he went to Heidelberg, West Germany, to help hundreds of homeless young Europeans, many of them victims of concentration camps, who had applied to immigrate to the United States.
Scientists say it would be almost impossible for an infected child to transmit AIDS; all documented cases involve direct contact of blood to infected blood or semen, usually through sexual intercourse or the sharing of hypodermic needles and syringes by drug users.
Well, Michael Spinks is ranked No.
The Musee d'Orsay by Gae Aulenti.
Hours: Lunch noon to 2 P.M. Monday to Friday; dinner 6:30 to 9 P.M. Monday to Friday, two seatings 6:30 and 9:15 P.M. Saturday.
Longtime Rivals The admonition rankled Parry, who like Bond, is a multimillionaire businessman.
We were by then starting to feel like boors and extended an invitation of our own.
Taking Realism Too Far Peter Yates, the Academy Award-winning director, sat in on murder trials, and Liam Neeson, who plays a hearing-impaired derelict, spent time at Gallaudet College, a school for the deaf.
At the same time, the investors were eager to step in because they ''they wanted to save Turner from being controlled by someone they themselves could not control,'' Mr. Leibowitz said.
In truth, nobody knows what's stirring below, though hints of potential trouble abound.
Mr. Kubo said, following up.
Does not include room tax, service charges or tips.
Queens College continues to be a conduit to the American way of life for a new wave of immigrants, much as it was for the Jewish immigrants who arrived in Queens 50 years ago.
The police said that Mr. delle Chiaie was unarmed and that no explosives were found in the home, but that it contained literature on right-wing politics, terrorism and narcotics trafficking.
''It's a cardinal rule that I attend all school events.''
In Indiana, radar units in some police cars are not set to give off a warning tone, signaling that the radar has picked up a vehicle traveling at excessive speed, until the vehicle is going 69 miles an hour or more.
Milesius won just one of his first six career starts, all on dirt, but now has won two straight grass races at a mile and a quarter.
''We will never get it done with what they've got on the table.''
The board also said that the state sponsored ''segregated subsidized housing in Yonkers, which contributed to school segregation,'' and that the State Board of Regents selected only candidates ''who were opposed to busing.''
''I'm often asked 'Why India?'
The chapel's vaulted azure ceiling is spangled with gold-leaf fleurs-de-lis and crowned with the arms of France surrounded by the Collar of St. Michel, a chivalric order founded by St. Louis.
Glass tables seem to be de rigueur in southern Florida dining rooms, and if you hate the very concept, you might say you've heard they're carcinogenic.
''But I don't think the public's right to know what is in Salinger's letters is greater than the author's right to decide whether to publish them and when.''
Gary Kasparov is departing this city in southern Spain in the same manner as he arrived in October, triumphant and controversial, his world chess title firmly in hand.
''The girls didn't realize until fairly recently that they'd be the first women to play soccer at Wembley,'' said Mike Tucker, a boat-builder and repairman who has coached the Southeast Cardinals through all five of their winning seasons, including this year, when they won 24 games and the Ohio championship for their division.
The rejection, 628 votes to 313, followed a campaign by opponents of the proposed garbage district who felt that concentrating solid-waste disposal in the town's hands would be more expensive and less efficient than the present system of individual contracts.
The slothful, often corrupt bureaucrat is a stock figure of complaints and jokes.
The fictional Adams is a swashbuckling version of the hundreds of Americans who have chosen to make their homes in Thailand for reasons they too sometimes find hard to explain.
''This will throw another monkey wrench into it, but I don't think it will be fatal,'' Mr. Zuccotti said in a telephone interview.
A trade with Oakland is not as certain, but talks could intensify in the next few weeks.
Jerzy Popieluszko, a Solidarity supporter who was killed three years ago by officers of the secret police and his body stuffed into a car trunk.
A letter on pale-blue paper from a woman in New Jersey who has seen two of her children die of the disease began, ''I hope it's acceptable for me to put the names of both my sons on a single panel.''
The shopping malls draw customers from such a large area that they should not be hurt much by small-town loan programs, Mr. Randall said.
From 1931 to 1941, he was engaged in the reorganization of public utility companies.
He was called for illegal defense four times, three of them resulting in technical fouls.
Cubans Tear Up Fliers Several of the Cubans tore up the fliers and threw them back.
This phrase might, in common parlance, be understood as referring to enhancing the freedom of teachers to teach what they will.
If he didn't succeed at it - if there was Magic and Bird and maybe Moses above him - he got very close.
Contrary to Mr. Olson's view that injured workers are having a field day with the workers' compensation and tort liability systems, it is, rather, the factory employer who is escaping liability for egregious conduct and getting away cheaply with workers' compensation.
Hearing for O'Callahan Jack O'Callahan, a Devil defenseman, will appear before Brian O'Neill, the executive vice president of the league, in Montreal on Friday and is expected to be reprimanded or suspended for an incident in Pittsburgh last Wednesday night.
It fails to take into consideration one of the certainties about radon: By and large, people are asleep about the problem.
Dr. Selinger said that the higher socioeconomic levels in the northern part of the state, as well as the greater wealth and availability of corporate donors, had made it easier for theaters such as the William Carlos Williams Center for the Performing Arts in Rutherford to succeed.
She graduated from Brandeis University and received an M.B.A. degree from Columbia University.
Mr. Agnich estimated Texas Instruments spent more than $10 million on the legal strategy against its chip rivals.
For those setting off on a spring vacation, the agency's forecasts can be particularly helpful, whether they are for near-in areas, with ''traveler's advisories,'' provided by radio, or for destinations to be reached by plane, gleaned from a phone call to a local or distant bureau.
Tax Law's Impact The swings in auto sales had been predicted.
You know, I can understand why you might like to keep competent people around but I find it just absolutely appalling that somebody from this National Security Council can issue an instruction to somebody in the Department of Defense that says you're not to see the product of their work.
Fed Official Favors Change Later in the conference, E. Gerald Corrigan, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, said he, too, favors change.
No Cigars, No Chomping Mr. Mills, a 39-year-old partner in a 13-lawyer firm, Dyer, Ellis, Joseph & Mills, specializes in representing clients with legislative problems on Capitol Hill.
In effect, Dr. J became the six-million-dollar man.
Mr. Blight quoted General Taylor, who died this year, as asking.
And perhaps most worrisome of all, the Chancellor of the City University, Joseph S. Murphy, said results from entering tests for the freshman class -most of whom come from the city schools - had eroded each year in the last decade.
The diversity of merchandise is striking: Italian pots, Japanese silk kimonos, Parisian baby clothes, rattan garden chairs, Shaker-style furniture, leather luggage, whimsical Aldo Rossi coffee sets and on and on.
For a time during the 1964 Presidential campaign it was a ''Disco for L.B.J.,'' and in 1968, it was briefly Eugene's, a club for supporters of the Presidential candidate Senator Eugene J. McCarthy.
In one or two cases the connection between poet and painter is demonstrably close.
There is a $10 minimum at the bar, $15 at tables, but no cover charge.
Translated by Antonina W. Bouis.
It is the Soviet Union's first toehold in the South Pacific.
''This suggested that the long slide by the dollar might finally be over,'' he said.
ONE of Long Island's most barren but conspicuous commercial properties could be transformed soon into a corporate landmark.
- Pope John Paul II.
326, 581-6464): This is one of the hot spots for people-watching along the row - frequented by the up-and-coming, the movers and shakers and wistful thespians of every sort.
In Mashpee, Mass., a 1960's shopping mall surrounded by parking is being transformed into a small-town downtown of mom-and-pop stores, with second-story residences and offices.
It's a problem we are never going to solve.
The dealer lets the player do that two or three times.
Mr. Wright, who helped draft the Administration plan, called the Guatemala document ''a very positive step'' and said it would be unwise for the Administration to seek further military aid for Nicaraguan rebels while peace talks were under way.
The selling of blood has sometimes been a source of income for poor Mexicans, including many seeking to cross illegally into the United States.
While this approach could head off some regional arms races, it will hardly dent the flow of arms to the four wars raging in Ethiopia, Morocco, Mozambique and Angola, where insurgencies are supplied with military hardware by outside sources.
But Mike was such a good source, and his power to deliver access to the President and First Lady was so great, that few were willing to take him on in print.
''A democracy, in the end, will be the most stable climate for investment.''
The racers use solar cells, similar to the ones that power communications satellites, to transform the energy of the sun directly into electricity, which drives the motors and charges up banks of batteries.
Gas and electricity workers extended their strike today, and firemen answered repeated calls to rescue people trapped in elevators brought to a halt by power cuts.
''The states are much closer to really making breakthroughs in these kind of policies.
''He weighs more than I do and is very hard to bring down.''
But Mr. Wongar doesn't know when to stop.
Those who move into lucrative practices before 10 years must repay the remaining loan balance.
In the 1950's and 1960's, as a wave of independence swept across Africa, many African men came to the United States to study.
But then, what I was trying to do - and I think some of you will recall this - I was trying to plead with all of you, hoping that this leak that came from that weekly paper in Beirut could be - could be corraled because I wanted to explain that we didn't know but what the lives of the people we'd been dealing with would be endangered, and certainly our hostages could be in danger.
He's young and, like Al Gore, he's an expert on the control of modern weapons just when we need one.
I got out 140 letters that night.''
* Dubin, Clark & Co., an investment firm based in Greenwich, Conn., said a group it is leading had joined management in an agreement to acquire Roberts Consolidated Industries from Beecham Group P.L.C.
Years ago, the buildings in Perth seemed to be built of pink and green sugar and piped with white icing.
The amendment, the Senator said at the time, took ''extreme care to avoid tipping the scales either in favor of management or in favor of the person making the takeover bids.''
I am writing, however to inform you of an oversight that was made with regard to crediting Stanton Eckstut as ''the architect for the urban design of Battery Park City.''
That is what they want, and that is what they are getting.''
''It just stopped me in my tracks,'' said Mr. Griffing, who couldn't quite figure out what he was looking at.
Companies that make goods in the United States and ship them abroad multiply their currency risk in volatile markets, because of the passage of time from the manufacturing process to shipping to sale abroad.
This brings to mind business expense accounts, another little chore that is probably easily accomplished in a couple of minutes a day, at most.
She is continuing her study of the piano there.
The company tested the certificates three years ago but did not market the product widely enough to have much impact.
It also gives some people a chance to say, ''See, there were Jewish Nazis also.'
One cannot switch hands in racquet ball.
Our leaders will have to choose which is more important to them: having us use and support public transportation, thereby decreasing the amount of public tax dollars needed to subsidize it and also decreasing traffic congestion, or eliminating smoking from public transportation, in which case we will drive, thereby increasing the amount of public tax dollars needed (which nonsmokers also pay) to subsidize mass transit and also increasing traffic congestion.
By Sept. 29, 14 birds had died and 100 were under intensive treatment.
Mr. McGinley resigned because of an inquiry into a disability pension application from a staff member who later claimed he hurt his back installing an air-conditioner in Mr. McGinley's apartment outside of working hours.
Robert S. Shaw, a Chase Manhattan vice president, says that in the first year, a customer who took out such a loan from his bank would pay $625 a month (that assumes that the borrower pays interest only at a prime rate of 7.5 percent).
As for ''Birds of the Northeast,'' the subjects perch one to a branch just as they do in ornithological guides.
Simpson had worried that his players might look beyond tonight's game with a non-contender to Friday's in Washington with the Capitals, who trail the Islanders by a point, and beat them, 3-1, here on Tuesday.
THE Colgate-Palmolive Company, with 48-year-old Reuben Mark at the helm as its chairman and chief executive, continues to speed through a restructuring plan that has erased its once stodgy image while raising long-range prospects of even better earnings growth and equity appreciation.
The novel, the saga of a pioneer family transplanted from New York State to Wisconsin in 1846, was the Harper Prize Novel for 1927 and became a best-seller.
A guided bus tour of Brooklyn cemeteries on Sunday, July 19, will cover six areas, ranging from a small local churchyard to a large rural cemetery.
And she has given both Kay and Jody depth and substance, as individuals as well as family members.
She supported the court officers' demand that searches be strengthened in city jails.
The Soviet initiative came in a personal message from the Soviet leader, Mikhail S. Gorbachev, to a 148-nation conference at United Nations headquarters here.
In the fall, dwarf Asters provide long-lasting color.
Although he has been told that at least for now he is not a target likely to be indicted by the special prosecutor in the Iran-contra scandal, he remains under investigation.
The outstanding 10-year notes, for example, were offered 2/32 lower in late trading at 100 5/32, to yield 7.23 percent.
notice being sent to employers this week.
The trek toward acceptance into the medical establishment is, perhaps, the most sadistic institutional process in the United States, capped at the end by the slave-labor camp otherwise known as internship and residency.
The process of support has changed as well.
Mr. Morgan is currently hobbled by both the game ankle and his chores in serving as press secretary to the select Senate committee investigating the Iran-contra affair.
Many inmates hold a private and vulnerable place for their children, and the Parent Education Program aims to reach them through it.
But it was worth it, he added, because of the location near the General Foods headquarters, the Rye Town Hilton and the ''Platinum Mile'' of corporate headquarters and facilities on Interstate 287.
In this most open of Communist countries, the capital of the Slovenian Republic is the most open city and the most prosperous.
The national long-course swimming championships ended Friday in Clovis, Calif. United States Swimming, the national governing body, decided earlier that the strongest competition for American swimmers this year would come not in the Pan American Games, but in the Pan Pacific Games 13-16 in Brisbane, Australia.
ALBERT J. BYER Jamesburg, N. J.
''I come mainly to see the guys I know,'' he said.
''If you looked at him, you'd say, 'Why is he helping?'
Maintaining Silence Mayor Washington's press office was informed of Mr. Koch's views yesterday.
In Gaithersburg, Md., a hot-air balloon that was part of a 50-balloon fund-raising fleet struck lines carrying 69,000 volts of electricity and crashed, killing a passenger, Christine Lynn Newkirk, 16 years old, of Pittsburgh and the pilot, Robert Van Newkirk, 39, who is her father, suffered burns over 28 percent of his body, a Montgomery County police spokesman said.
They acknowledge his outstanding performance, but most voters stress value to the team, and even Dawson's terrific effort hasn't kept the Cubs from the bottom of the Eastern Division.
Andrei, who won the Olympic gold medal in the shot-put in 1984, broke the previous mark of 74-3 1/2, set by Udo Beyer of East Germany in East Berlin, on Aug. 20, 1986.
In a talk in 1980 at Amherst College, Coolidge's alma mater, Harry V. Jaffa, Distinguished Professor of Political Philosophy at Claremont (Calif.) Graduate School, told how he stumbled across a copy of a speech Coolidge delivered in Philadelphia during the nation's 150th anniversary in 1926.
But the commissioner ignored the ''good of baseball'' in letting the free agents twist in the wind, punished like so many little kids sent to their room, until May 1.
It's as if there's no memory.
Inspired by the great liberal ideologues - Reinhold Niebuhr, George Orwell, Albert Camus - dazzled by the false dawn of Kennedy glamour, they would bring a new sophistication to the beleaguered agencies charged with the conduct of the cold war.
It is time for us all to share in the fulfillment of the dream of the Rev.
Tougher Than Current Law The Senate's goal was a provision tougher than current law on unfair trade practices but acceptable to the Administration.
An Anglo-Latin dictionary of 1440 gives the three terms as interchangeable for a small fragrant bunch of flowers.
While there has been great emphasis on clarity within each paragraph, Mr. Taper said, there is less emphasis on clarity within the whole piece.
Governor Cuomo, whose early refusal to debate his opponent drew some criticism, was appearing on a radio talk show that took telephone calls from the public.
Although Phillip Burton was one of Congress' leading liberals, his widow traced her interest in politics to her teen-age years, when she and her parents fled Poland ahead of the Nazi occupation forces.
A Marriage in Moscow Miss Golius, according to Mr. Sheinin, came to Moscow, and she and Mr. Grover were married.
Ms. Shelton was hit in the buttocks with a bullet, Mr. O'Leary said.
The fans were charmed by this red-haired legend in yellow silk.
Next year, Mr. Salinas will become the youngest Mexican president in more than 50 years.
The announcement that Havana and Washington had agreed to the ''repatriation'' of some 2,500 crushed their hopes and touched off the uprisings.
There lies the St. Joseph's Bell Tower, a tall granite structure with two bells, one named Pasteur and one named Mendel, after the scientists.
''I don't think the U.S. should assume those kinds of responsibilities in a unilateral sense,'' he said.
Billington kept the Devils close two minutes later when he stopped Rick Tocchet form point-blank range after a 2-on-1 break with the Devils on the power play.
Center the tuna below that.
That will open up the next two months for some 3-year-olds who have been on the sidelines and, in the wake of Alysheba's defeat, are again eligible to challenge for leadership of the division.
It was all right for the resident chest-sticker-outer to entertain in his office, but Ozzie Smith can backpedal on a popup into left-center as smoothly as he can circle under the metaphysical meaning of Pendleton's home run.
Under the ''50 Plus One'' proposal, each apartment household will have a say in the building's future and thus be in a position to sell its vote.
b-Net income c-Includes tax credits of $11,872 for the quarter and $19,639 for the 9 months.
Unlike New Rochelle and Yonkers - much larger muncipalities with a number of streets from which the Power Authority could choose expedient alternatives - Eastchester and Tuckahoe face the added possibility of street-closings that could hurt their commercial districts and snarl their traffic flow.
His first career had been spent with the business consulting concern of McKinsey & Company, where he worked for 20 years before joining Celanese for a dozen years.
The judge, who is black, later said he meant that anyone who does not vote ought to be hung.
WHEN the Country Bank opens its doors for business in the ShopRite Plaza Mall in Carmel after the first of the year, its president, Ross M. Weale, intends to have his desk on the banking floor, in full view and accessible to customers.
''But he doesn't look like Lawrence Taylor.
But the Jets' disunity could work to their advantage on the defensive line.
So the men who came one windy March day to prune the dead limbs out of my oak trees impressed me mightily.
's Sloan School of Management.
The land looked as if it had been baked in a kiln and then sprinkled with boulders.
Human rights organizations counter that the Reagan Administration's record on Latin America has been checkered at best.
IN Israel Horovitz's ''Year of the Duck'' (at the Hudson Guild Theater), life imitates art - up to a point.
Take that away and they're leading the league.''
Alas, some booksellers considered Billy Boy in a dress something less than a wow.
Mr. Keene was abducted, beaten, and shot twice, and his throat, chest and abdomen had been cut.
In the chaos of New York streets, bikes are only one small ingredient.
The yearnings of those who want to live by the water - both fresh and saline - may be quenched by a single-family house development planned for Westhampton, L.I.
sympathizers, relying on information about the accident from Mr. Iturbe's family, accepted the official version of the accident and scheduled a funeral for Saturday or Sunday in Mondragon, Mr. Iturbe's hometown.
The longer the strike, the easier it is for association players to get out of shape, and the more in shape the supplemental teams will become.
A key author of that strategy is a man who holds no official Government position and who practices the arcane specialty of getting difficult nominations through the Senate.
I watched the muscles in his arms tense as he buried his blade in the water.
Exultant law enforcement officials quickly proclaimed that the Georgia decision disposed of the last ''broad-based'' attack on capital punishment.
The United States Attorney for the Northern District of New York, Frederick J. Scullin, said he expected to prosecute the case personally when it goes to trial, probably early next year.
KIM: I also think that security matters are of great significance.
Tracer Milan is an aggressive defensive team that relies on the scoring of its two American players.
Sentiment aside, quilt collecting has also become a serious and a potentially lucrative endeavor.
Tommy Herr flied out to left field.
Mr. Ryder and Miss Plauche are the recipients of the new Martha Hill Scholarship.
Rancho Rajneesh drew 2,500 people, lots of money and the wrath of the local residents.
All women over 40 ought to have a mammogram every other year.
Montana's two touchdown passes give him a career-high 29 for the season, while Rice has caught a scoring pass in 10 straight games, one short of the league record.
A crowd of about 100 awaited Mr. Begun as he stepped on the station platform, including 50 or more friends and acquaintances, perhaps 30 reporters and a number of plainclothes policemen, including some who had helped arrest people demonstrating for his release 10 days before.
Living at the edge of social tolerance in many states, they face plenty of discrimination already.
''It has destroyed many of our assumptions about America's friendship.''
In Czechoslovakia, the Government of Gustav Husak, which came to power 19 years ago essentially to strangle innovation, was declaring itself pro-reform.
The barber lifted his razor from a man's lathered chin and gave a friendly wave.
Designed to dazzle, the interiors are to American Colonial what sequins are to a Giorgio Armani suit.
For others, though, pressure has mounted.
The Gay Men's Health Crisis in New York City has programs both for the parents and the partners of those with the disease.
A top New York model's encounters with three of Los Angeles's most dynamic men.
The salon she had created in Lenox was disbanded.
The meeting above Harry's had its heated moments, with some finger-pointing between firms, as the participants debated what steps the over-the-counter market players could take to restore their battered reputations.
In 1966, he defied and hoodwinked his captors when, in a television interview, he blinked the word ''torture'' in Morse code into the camera's lens.
Players came in at convenient hours and lifted weights and ran.
After first capturing the important oasis town of Fada on Jan. 2, Chadian forces ambushed and destroyed a Libyan armored column moving south from Wadi Doum last Thursday.
STEFAN R. DZIEMIANOWICZ Union City, N.J.
Foreign Policy In 1963, when the Kennedy Administration proposed selling surplus wheat to the Soviet Union, Mr. Gleason demanded that half of the grain ships be American.
In his view the academicizing of the American intellectual has meant a loss of contact with large public issues.
Increasing the risk to lender or states would result in greater care in lending, but would mean denying loans at least to those students attending community colleges and proprietary schools, or with poorer grade averages.
''They always said that if any school would have problems, Lincoln would have problems,'' said the principal, Jerry Hodus.
But this year, as part of an autonomy plan drafted by the Sandinista Government, the name is expected to change.
The preliminary skirmishing for the next legal round in the racially volatile Howard Beach case came yesterday as the dust had barely settled from the first round - a three-and-a-half-month-long trial in which four white teen-agers were the first of the 11 young whites to stand trial as a result of the events on Dec. 20, 1986, in the southern Queens area.
Edward D. Kuekes, whose editorial cartoon on the irony of young men going to war before being old enough to vote won him a Pulitzer Prize in 1953, died Tuesday in a retirement home in Oklahoma City.
The Smiths, whose family roots lie in Trinidad, walked with the assurance of people in the banking business, which they are.
''We'll have to start withdrawing from the world,'' he told a House Foreign Affairs subcommittee.
The judge said at one point, 'It deteriorated from ''This Is Your Life'' to Trivial Pursuit.'
The company has invested in United States Treasury bonds and stock as well as acquired real estate in New York, Boston, Philadelphia and Chicago.
investment officer in the Capital Markets Department, said that so far this year stock markets in 15 of the 17 countries had performed even better than Wall Street's Dow Jones industrial average.
The reasons the act was passed are still valid, and it has not interfered with our ability to compete internationally.
Mary King sang in a recent Opera Factory London production of Peter Maxwell Davies's ''The Martyrdom of St.
What everyone knew without question was the feckless nature of the Articles.
Mr. Ford is also vice chairman and a member of the office of the chief executive, posts he will retain.
The judge, H. Lee Sarokin, said in District Court here that the key witness against the convicted man, Vincent J. Landano, had recanted testimony identifying Mr. Landano as the man he had seen fleeing the scene of the shooting.
Most other meat and livestock prices also rose, while oil fell modestly.
Asked if he thought he should have interceded in the efforts to recruit Daniels, given his past problems, Dr. Maxson said: ''I am not in the position to make moral decisions on who should come here and who should not.
As it is, Nathaniel will have it tough enough being a member of one of the growing number of families headed by single women; being another kid who doesn't get enough intimacy and caring.
But those who remember his skill at match play aren't too surprised.
Righetti, who rejected a two-year offer from the Tokyo Giants this week and is still seeking a three-year contract, spent yesterday poring over offers from several clubs.
''Pravda represents censorship and idea control.
In the meantime, buttressed by the positive side of the lower court ruling, the department is continuing to screen all new applicants to the entire force for drug abuse.
The Wood raised his record to 7-for-11 and improved his earnings to $957,050.
He will have his first news conference - answering baseball questions only -after the game.
ALL that any government can usefully do in the field of economic policies, except for engaging in more or less successful propaganda, is to obtain and to maintain a proper balance between regulation and the free play of market forces, monopolistic or competitive as they may be.
Elliott Abrams came to testify before a Senate committee today on a new peace plan for Central America but became embroiled in questions about his role in the Iran-contra affair and charges that he hounded a respected diplomat out of the Foreign Service.
One law in particular was pertinent, even if it was often violated: the Charter of the Organization of American States, accepted by Secretary of State George C. Marshall at Bogota in 1948.
Last week, one of the Americans, Benjamin Ernest Linder, a 27-year-old engineer from Portland, Ore., was killed in an attack by United States-supported anti-Government guerrillas in an ambush in a remote northeast part of the country.
Mr. Fitzgerald had been given a deadline of next Monday to sign the pledge or be confronted with the start of a process to revoke his clearance.
Trains leave frequently from Paddington Station in London.
East Haven, Conn. $485,000 650 Laurel Street 6-bedroom, 3-bath, 50-year-old Tudor; electric burglar-alarm system, 10 acres; taxes $2,728.
''People might prefer Neil Kinnock as a next-door neighbor,'' he observed, ''but they don't necessarily want the bloke next door to run the country.''
Just because viewers can watch, however, is no guarantee that they will watch, and that is where Mr. Klein and his counterparts come in.
He told jurors in United States District Court in Brooklyn that Federal agents had found the duplicates during a search of the Hyfin credit union in Coney Island in April 1986.
He doubted that the Sandinistas, whom he perceives as dictatorial, would actually allow genuine press freedom.
In addition, a consortium led by Citibank is owed more than $1 billion ($766 million U.S.).
Paterno, beginning his 22d season as the head coach at Penn State and his 38th year on the coaching staff there, needs two more triumphs to move past Eddie Anderson, the former Holy Cross coach.
He says it is important for him to have these tangible reminders of the day when the Tibetan capital of Lhasa erupted in one of the bloodiest demonstrations against Chinese rule since Tibet was invaded in 1950.
The nephew is ''moved inside,'' Mr. Montand said, ''but his selfish interest is stronger than his sadness.''
The combination attracted hundreds of thousands of would-be millionaires willing to pay for his thoughts.
Cover closely and cook 10 minutes.
For instance, I would love to know who is handling Soviet public relations because if it is on the exchange I would buy a little stock.
Filtration, heat transfer, flow measurements and instrument controls, as well as the ability to handle equipment breakdowns - all are the province of mechanical engineers.
and the last thing they ever expected to happen is happening.
The company said results for 1986 have been restated to report operations transferred to US Sprint on the equity basis and to present segment information consistent with 1987 classifications.
What could be done to confront such problems?
If prices fall at all, they fall from the ionosphere to the stratosphere.
As expected, J. Paul Sticht was elected chairman of RJR Nabisco Inc. today following its annual meeting.
For the return voyage, most passengers sit on the sheltered rear deck.
Short on heroes and villains, long on drama and suspense, this book offers both a close-up look at nuclear scientists and an overview of the century's pivotal event.
After it was founded in 1979, Direct Action initially attacked Government and corporate buildings, causing no casualties.
One of them wrote the city to declare that in addition to helping the homeless woman, it ''has an obligation to help those affected by Miss Brown's acts.''
European airlines long argued that they were exempt from provisions in the treaty setting up the European Community that bar anti-competitive arrangements.
The Soviet reporters are largely bemused by the working style of the American press.
On Thursday the generals are to brief a committee in the House of Representatives on the study.
Arguing for the legality of the exchange under the current law will be Paul Altermatt, the outgoing president of the Connecticut Bar Association.
The princess - who has made a concession to the revolution by dropping for daily use her regal name and calling herself Linda, a combination of the two ''revolutionary'' names she had to adopt during the Pol Pot days - reflected on how her religion had helped her continue living after her tragedy.
Recreational bathing falls under state jurisdiction, since the Federal Government has traditionally monitored only navigation and pollution control.
There is no shortage of ways that a management can benefit its nonbank company at the expense of a bank affiliate, or benefit its bank at the expense of a subordinate nonbank affiliate.
The issue is the earliest United States set that many collectors can hope to complete.
''I build everything for myself day by day and step by step.''
I turn down a lot of assignments.
Agriculture, scholarship, the military, dress - little escaped his efforts.
Gencorp climbed 3 points, to 118.
In 1980 the Edith Wharton Restoration purchased it for $300,000 through the Endangered Properties Program of the National Trust for Historic Preservation.
They have been together ever since and are one of the few theatrical teams who thrive on working and living together.
The bulk of the hiring, mostly hourly employees, will be done a month before opening.
The Indian military at first gave the guerrillas until Aug. 15 to turn in weapons as a prerequisite to entering a political process in traditional Tamil areas.
Mr. Shamir became Prime Minister nine months ago, when he switched jobs with Foreign Minister Shimon Peres under their agreement for a national unity coalition.
Economic growth in Puerto Rico last year edged ahead of the 2.5 percent rate registered in the mainland United States, according to Arthur J. Mann, an economics professor at the University of Puerto Rico.
They have either three or four bedrooms, one and a half bathrooms and a one-car garage.
Angelo told him, 'You've got your body, you're in great shape, now let me show you what we have to do to beat this guy.'
This line of reasoning may hold true for those who believe in national stereotypes or mystical national forces that mold a people's character.
Many environmental and civic groups had been trying to call attention to these problems by anticipating that water quality and quantity problems, traffic congestion, air pollution, solid waste, and sewage problems would reach crisis conditions.
How do you explain to red-blooded Russians that Soviet athletes have suddenly taken up the American national pastime?
She is currently working on musical education for deaf children, developing techniques based on vibration sensitivity.
I hope that if we ever have a slip, you'll realize you're like in the huddle at the Super Bowl or you're at the bottom of the scrum in the rugby game.
Mr. Sandler will actually promulgate the bicycle ban.
But he also refused to rule out a package with a limit on Social Security in it.
Sometimes there are 30 or so workers on the island, which lies, with its tiny neighbor, Little Gull Island (the site of a lighthouse), between Plum and Fishers Islands.
''I don't see a new commitment there,'' he said.
So instead of relaxing into the story, one begins to itemize its apparent flaws.
But Mr. Tarshis said ''almost all of them'' were incomplete or defective, ''missing such things as lights or glass walls or the cement platform, or they had leaky roofs or one bolt where there were supposed to be four.''
A spring wedding is planned.
But the residential and commuting patterns of many of its diplomats have long been regarded as a security risk.
Flower arrangements, community garden exhibitions, demonstrations, films and lectures are offered through tomorrow.
Judge Jensen, a Californian who had served in top positions in the Reagan Justice Department, said he did not want to return to Washington.
In Manhattan, Amy N. Lipton sent a gift of $100 in memory of her mother, Lucille Natkins.
It is a point well taken.
The Group of Seven countries are Japan, Britain, the United States, West Germany, France, Italy and Canada.
And he seemed to resent the fact that there were critical comments in it.
INTERNATIONAL/2-6 A summit meeting will be held next month in Washington between President Reagan and Mikhail S. Gorbachev, Mr. Reagan announced.
That should delight local politicians, since the eastern bluebird is no ordinary eat-a-worm, chirp-a-little bird.
Fortunately, Congress and the courts have had a clearer appreciation than Mr. Helton of what our social compact requires of us and of the immensity of world immigration pressures.
Like thousands of other industrial cities, Bayonne has never claimed virginal, untouched environmental purity of air and earth.
No details of the operation have been released, and Ms. Mostyn said Mr. John had asked that the hospital's identity be kept secret.
We recognize now that we have a chance.''
are also considering changes in definitions and rules that they agree are confusing and inconsistent.
In the last couple of years, mortgage interest rates have begun to be more closely linked with the credit markets in general.
The test should also be given to pregnant women in the first trimester in geographical areas where AIDS infection is common, as well as to people in such areas seeking family-planning counseling or major surgery, the trustees said.
Her father is an Episcopal priest.
You and your competitors are racing against an inexorable clock, and they have the reprehensible habit of getting in your way just when you thought you were in the clear.
Glenn Loury, who teaches political economy at Harvard, offers such approval in an essay in The Public Interest, and so marks himself again as an independent thinker about the condition of blacks in America.
(AP) Shriver Advances: Top-seeded Pam Shriver overcame an erratic serve yesterday and advanced to the semifinals of the Virginia Slims in Newport, R.I. Shriver, ranked No.
He said that he felt the plan could be very helpful, but that he had ''a few hesitations about the changes in the relationship between the department and mayor's office.''
''But I'm not going to let it slide,'' Mr. Loss said today.
D1 In a key rebuff to prosecutors using a mail fraud statute, a Federal District judge in Baltimore overturned convictions that sent former Gov.
Weak ones were thrown off cliffs or left to die.
The result is that Mr. Robertson appeared to have the loudest, and possibly the biggest, contingent in the hall.
Representative Benjamin A. Gilman has been invited to participate in the luncheon segment of the conference, which will begin at noon.
''It's very hard to tell whether there's been an actual increase in bias incidents,'' Police Commissioner Benjamin Ward said recently.
He created the lead role in Marcel Landowski's ''Montsegur,'' and he co-stars with Barbara Hendricks and Jose Carreras in Luigi Comencini's upcoming film of ''La Boheme.''
This year, silk afternoon dresses, low-key yet elegant, and linen suits worn with white shoes and bags are particularly popular.
Mr. Zamora, who arrived on Saturday, and Mr. Ungo, who arrived today, harshly criticized the Government tonight in emotional speeches to a crowd of 2,000 cheering supporters in the capital.
St. Anthony's had tallied 23 of its points in the earlier field events while Iona had 21 in the field.
Each day since testimony began nearly three weeks ago, Mr. Griffith's mother, Jean, a 42-year-old nurse's aide, and his brother, Christopher, a 26-year-old freelance photographer, have occupied seats reserved for them on one side of the 300-seat courtroom.
So at night, we had a team meeting, then broke up into offensive and defensive meetings.
But I was very unsophisticated.''
But the officials said the captain was not informed of the signal change.
In describing the attack on Matan as Sarra, the Chadians said they also demolished 70 Soviet-made tanks, eight radar stations and a radio-scrambling device at the airbase.
When they are playing well defensively, the Knicks will make other teams appear disorganized and panic-striken.
''Right after the Super Bowl,'' he said, ''I went to the combines at Indianapolis - if I hadn't, I would've felt guilty.
''The violence will have a polarizing effect,'' a Western diplomat said.
Earnings for 1986 totaled $518.7 million, or $8.22 a share, up 3.7 percent from earnings of $500.2 million in 1985.
''But it's not going to be a circus.
As for the mine-strewn gulf, there are nagging questions about how steadfast the Americans will prove to be in the midst of a war that could drag on for many years more.
But the students being introduced to the box step were from Barnard and Columbia Colleges, and they applauded when Bruce Powell told them: ''You have just learned the box step, and you must never forget it.
She spent many an afternoon entertaining a small group of elderly women, no doubt exchanging tales of renegade ranunculi, willful wisteria, and noisome neighbors.
But while the stream of clients seeking help has never abated, volunteers' interest comes and goes.
Members must show they are qualified sailors to use a boat.
Just a block from Mr. Formisano, Josefina de Atuna, the owner of Bob's Custom Dry Cleaners, was far more optimistic.
The number for information is 222-2700.
This month they plan on biking from Jamaica to Montauk, ''115 miles,'' Mr. Winkel said.
Harrison, N.Y. $520,000 58 North Street 4-bedroom, 3 1/2-bath, 47-year-old frame colonial;, eat-in kitchen, screened terrace, patio, playroom with bar; taxes $5,266.
Funeral arrangements were incomplete last night.
In the Australian case, however, the choice of landfall had been made by the Home Secretary of Britain.
Previously, streptokinase had been administered directly into the heart by catheter.
The decision as to how much to spend on a first vacation can also strain a relationship.
Westchester was a Noah's ark.
That turned out to be the prelude for a dramatic bid in August by the 26-year-old Mr. Fairfax to take private John Fairfax Ltd., a company founded 146 years ago by one of his ancestors.
Or there was the well-known television journalist who was to attend a White House state dinner but the dress specifications kept changing and she called three days from out of state and three times the concierge went into her closet to select dress and jewelry and brought them down to be picked up.
The records show that a number of previously unpublicized Khashoggi companies were used to transfer money to both Lake Resources and Mr. Ghorbanifar.
It wasn't exactly like the old days, when Smitty and his family went from house to house on Christmas, visiting friends and drinking a toast to the holiday.
had been resistant to change and,aiailing, had been ''sent home.''
They are trying to make their concerns known to presidential aspirants.
This Los Angeles suburb of 21,000 people is typical of dozens of fast-growing suburbs that now stretch east from downtown Los Angeles in a virtually unbroken string to San Bernardino, 60 miles away.
These officials said they suspect that Ayatollah Montazeri in turn had a hand in exposing the operation.
The Office of General Services, which administers distribution within the state, has storage contracts with the warehouses.
A car and driver were arranged to take us to Perinet, the forest reserve where the Indri lemurs are in a protected area.
Big Entry in Credit Cards American Express is offering a charge card that allows payments in installments.
Mr. Hynes said he did not know the details of the altercation, but said it had occurred when ''two or three youngsters who are black got into a confrontation'' with Mr. Schmidt and one of the defendants in the trial, Jason Ladone, 17.
I just try to tire him out.
And while ''Medicare covers everybody, the private insurers selectively sell; they skim the market,'' said a staff member of House Ways and Means Committee's Health Subcommittee, who also noted that Medigap insurance was beyond the means of about 20 percent of the elderly.
When Representative Stewart B. McKinney, a 56-year-old Republican from Connecticut, died last week of an infection brought on by AIDS, his office issued a statement attributing the disease to blood transfusions received during heart bypass surgery in 1979.
He suggested that it was preposterous that he would tell ''a man who is chief of operations for the National Security Council'' to ''overcharge for the weapons, finish me in Iran, and then send the money to your friends, the contras.'
One particular favorite of the President -a bill giving the states greater authority over welfare programs - fits well with his theme of reducing the realm of the Federal Government while enhancing local jurisdictions.
Yields on the serial bonds range from 5.20 percent in 1993 to 7 percent in 2009.
One wobbled in with a walker, the other sat in a wheelchair, which an attendant guided.
The Mozart, meanwhile, was far from being without rewards.
And it was another three weeks before the press relayed the news, disclosed by Attorney General Edwin Meese 3d on Nov. 25, that some of the profits from the arms sales had been diverted to the Nicaraguan rebels in an operation supervised by Lieut.
He followed with a 1984 campaign of 18 touchdowns to 15 interceptions, and then a 1985 season of 22 touchdowns and 23 interceptions.
At any rate, La Puisaye is not yet ravaged by tourist invasions, which means that rather than trouping with a herd looking at all the ''right'' things, you have the chance to uncover sights and wonders for yourself.
Mrs. Bork and the judge's children, Charles, Ellen and Robert Jr., had sat with him in his five days of testimony last month before the Judiciary Committee.
Under such internal pressure, some stars become incapable of making a decision.
The courtyard had been planted with sod and trees.
''I often encounter my former students.
c-Includes a net gain of $31,358,000, or 32 cents a share, from the sale of two million shares of Continental Cablevision Inc.
''Was this an accident waiting to happen?''
You just ask him the question.
Aldus has sold about 60,000 copies of Pagemaker, which retails for $695.
The remoteness of many of the mountain villages we passed through was brought home to me when we stopped late one evening in a village in southern Shaanxi.
Among the drugs that will be checked for are marijuana, opiates, Valium, Librium and Quaaludes.
The building code, Mr. Smith said, ''requires such foundation work be supervised by an architect or an engineer, and it is clear that was not the case.''
Pro-convention measures are pending in 13 legislatures.
The Federal Aviation Administration had confirmed that there were two radio transmissions around 4:10 P.M. about gunfire in the passenger compartment, said Fred Reagan, spokesman for the Federal Bureau of Investigation in Los Angeles.
The Mets closed the series without Rafael Santana, their shortstop, who suffered a bruised index finger while fielding a grounder Wednesday night.
Bank employees less often will be expected to work in one area and then be shifted to another.
''I basically stay away from it, but I know what's going on.''
It's like President Reagan said: 'You must negotiate with strength.'
Echoing the passion for flower prints, the designer pinned a posy plaque to the front of a white pique swimsuit.
(Crystal emerged from the Roxy Theater; Reiner watched with his father, Carl, in a bowling alley in Westchester.)
Martial law was declared in December 1981, but the United States did not scale down its representation to the level of charge d'affaires until early 1983, when it removed Ambassador Frank Meehan, as part of a normal rotation.
''All of a sudden he really started taking care of himself,'' the friend remembers.
The issue is rated Ba-1 by Moody's and BBB+ by Standard & Poor's.
Mr. Beasley, the Laxalt lawyer, said, ''The McClatchy side called us and said, 'Would you please come to the settlement table?'
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. And she started talking to her television set.
At 549 West 52d Street.
It also suggests that the Dobbs Ferry Hospital, which opened its $14 million 50-bed (45 acute care, 5 pediatric) unit two weeks ago, convert all of this facility into a one-day ambulatory-care center, where patients would enter and leave on the same day after receiving varied services, including surgery.
As for gardens, he once told an interviewer: ''I do just what I used to do in the theater.
And in private, too, the Pope has kept to himself even more than usual, the aide said, reading and praying but not talking much.
William J. Casey, former Director of Central Intelligence, was readmitted to Georgetown University Hospital March 13 for medical reevaluation, a hospital spokeswoman said today.
You should first scrub the entire deck with a good detergent or with one of the special wood cleaners and brighteners sold for this purpose.
When a dear mother's good name has been degraded, men of sound character don't try to cash in on it.
The new report, by a panel of 17 experts, found that Presbyterian Hospital's approach was as good or better at keeping newborns alive and was associated with fewer cases of chronic lung disease, defined as the need for supplementary oxygen at the age of 28 days.
Later, Mr. Will suggested that after the Tower Commission's report on the Iran-contra scandal, President Reagan ''must prove he is still interested in being President.''
He says that if one is unfortunate and has a member of one's family kidnapped.
I decide to have a cup of camomile tea and turn on the flashlight again, wending my way carefully down the stairs to the kitchen.
The week has not diminished the chorus of complaints from coaches who think that their programs are being jeopardized by the N.C.A.A.
'' Mr. Riley testified that he had drunk 10 to 12 cans or bottles of beer in two and a half hours at the party, told the court that he and about a dozen other youths responded to Mr. Lester's call by going in three cars to the intersection, where they confronted the black men.
''The longer the strike goes on, some guys are going to go in.''
After receiving the treated water, Water Factory 21 further purifies the effluent through additional technologies developed by the Department of the Interior's Office of Water Research and Technology and the Environmental Protecton Agency.
Why was that encounter acceptable, unlike the others?
the toxic effects of Cisplatin have been avoided almost entirely.''
The contract is expected to be worth more than $4.2 billion for the winning consortium.
''It's some sort of gizmo,'' said the lawyer, Mark M. Baker.
President Reagan, stung by the failure of two nominations to the Supreme Court in the last three weeks, today nominated Judge Anthony M. Kennedy and expressed the hope that he could be confirmed quickly in a spirit of bipartisan cooperation.
What Superpowers Want Lincoln P. Bloomfield of the Massachussets Institute of Technology, who served as adviser on global issues for President Carter's National Security Council, said: ''The Secretary General must mirror the political atmosphere to be effective.
Funny thing is, nobody feels like a gustatory sinner.
On Greenwich Avenue, in contrast, rents are unlikely to exceed $40 a square foot.
Genentech Inc., a leading biotechnology company based in South San Francisco, said its limited partners had approved the company's early buyout of two research partnerships.
If approved, three referendums on nuclear energy would make it difficult for the Government to build new nuclear power plants.
At Waverly Twin, Third Street and Avenue of the Americas, and Cine 42, 42d Street near Seventh Avenue.
SHAWN P. LEARY Staff Attorney, Homeless Family Rights Project, Legal Aid Society New York, May 18, 1987
Smith has been considered a potential replacement for Ted Tollner, who was dismissed by the Trojans Dec. 8.
She returned to Russia with her son in 1917, and they were arrested by German soldiers.
Early in 1977, Texas International received permission from the C.A.B.
Chang and his mother chose not to stay at one of the official tournament hotels in Manhattan, for fear of losing their peace of mind.
Jonathan's Landing, in conformity with the Planning Department's effort to advance public access to the waterfront when new development proposals come forward, is to provide two park areas - paved, lighted and with benches - with a total of almost 10,000 square feet.
When President Alfonsin insisted on trials for uniformed criminals of the dirty war, he did much to strengthen spirit in a country that had reached the brink of moral devastation.
The exact time depends on the whales' own biological clock, and its start can vary by several weeks.
-B. J., Boston Answer: New Mexico has many cross-country races, but the Chama Chile Classic held at Cumbres Pass north of Chama on Presidents' Weekend - the event is on Feb. 14 - is the largest and most prestigious.
In 1986, Simon Wiesenthal's Documentation Center in Vienna received a dossier containing 8,000 names of Ukrainian former SS officers in various grades who had emigrated to Canada.
America's schoolchildren are ''globally illiterate,'' lacking a knowledge of the culture, history and geography of other nations, according to a report made public yesterday.
The Pentagon also argues that Congress itself has written laws to encourage cooperation among the allies in weapons design and production, since duplication of effort by allies is expensive and inefficient.
The commissioner's office denies this, but if true, wouldn't that be considered tampering?
When he returned to St. Louis, Mr. Gephart was greeted by a dozen anti-abortion pickets, one of whom carried a sign reading, ''A man is as good as his word.''
If Mr. Kanjorski's measure is adopted, it would apply only to the House.
There are some people who say I should never have done it, but I had very close associations with it, and I felt surely I would be able to do it.''
In one clubhouse, the players spoke with a kind of subdued confidence.
Whether the people who came from Cuba in the boatlift were good for this country is no longer a valid question, said Mayor Robert Menendez of Union City, who is a son of Cuban immigrants.
She spoke as her crew watched a 100-foot backfire play at the edges of a 6-foot fire line the crew had just cleared.
Senator Leahy agrees on the need for speed, but insists, ''I won't rubber-stamp anybody.''
Duh Rangers are gonna be good dis year.
''We did sort of touch down briefly in Ireland, but anyway it's not that important to us anymore.
Nesconset $183,000 17 Brookstan Road 4-bedroom, 2 1/2-bath 19-year-old ranch; skylights, family room, patio, pool, 2-car garage; taxes $3,700.
In addition, Bowers W. Espy, an executive vice president in the mortgage capital division who had been relieved temporarily of his responsibility for trading, was restored to his full job.
In turn, Mr. Carlucci will be succeeded as head of the National Security Council staff by Lieut.
Mr. Shultz's emphatic comments to the Mozambican Transport Minister, Lieut.
If you can't read, you can't do mathematics either.''
I think if they told the officers earlier who they were, this incident would never have happened.''
Start the growing cycle in late winter, when there is more daylight.
With her husband, Frederick, she organized the benefit that started with a star-studded concert tribute to Jule Styne for 2,700 ticketholders and ended with a dinner for 450 in Avery Fisher Hall.
''This opened the door for beeper businesses,'' said Tom Stroup, director of the Paging Division for the Telocator Network of America, a trade association of beeper and cellular telephone companies.
It was originally scheduled for a five-week slot as part of the Circle Repertory Company's season, from Dec. 11 through Jan. 18.
''Follow me around, I don't care,'' Mr. Hart said.
In scale with the exterior of the three-story house, it seems somewhat eccentric inside.
to speed up fund distribution.
''There's this throwback image to the Hell's Angels and the Pagans,'' she said.
He started 14 games, lost six, won none and went to no decision eight times.
'The Masturbation Hurdle' ''It's unclear to me how you do them without masturbation, so there seems to be an inconsistency there,'' said John Robertson of the University of Texas Law School, a member of the ethics committee of the American Fertility Society.
All aspiring artists experience the conflict but none more than those from minority groups.
Anthony R. DiPaola, a former first deputy commissioner of the New York City Department of Water Supply, Gas and Electricity in the 1950's, died of a liver ailment last Wednesday at New York University Medical Center.
For a Panamanian to pick up a rock is the equivalent of a Nicaraguan or a Salvadoran picking up a machine gun.''
Elsewhere in Queens, office development is progressing as well, although on more conventional urban lines.
Request From Biaggi At that time, Mr. McKay's mandate was only to investigate charges of illegal lobbying on behalf of Wedtech by a former White House aide, Lyn C. Nofziger.
Her change in attitude appears to be linked with her retirement from performing in 1969, at the age of 75.
* * * Jazz Album of the Week: ''It's About Time,'' the Wolverines Big Band (Flame Records, 222 North Second Street, Minneapolis, Minn. 55401).
''I see him a lot, still,'' said Nate.
This year, however, the Department of Environmental Protection has set up some regulations to protect wintering bald eagles from the overwhelming number of visitors.
The prices of one such company, the SPOT Image Corporation of Reston, Va., range from about $150 to $750 for each black and white print.
He was accompanied by Jay Horwitz, the Mets' director of public relations, and Greg Pavlick, the roving instructor and coach for the Mets.
As the dollar continues to fall, however, foreign companies will have to begin to raise prices, he said.
The moves had been rumored on Wall Street.
''I always - I wouldn't disguise it -would have liked to be Foreign Secretary and especially would like to be one now at quite a critical period.
Judge Tyler, in his report, noted that Mr. Capasso was known to carry large sums of cash.
''We wake up at night because of those dreams and nightmares,'' said David Goldstein of Kansas City, Mo., director of the Jewish Community Relations Bureau.
A donation of $20 will be requested.
Good Start for Elway In the legalized betting parlors in Nevada, the Giants were favored by 9 1/2 points.
The very first image is a resplendent one of a winged, near-nude man standing on a petal-shaped fount.
If all goes well, they will be made by Tanner of North Carolina and go into American stores in February at prices from about $250 to $600.
The Encyclopedia Brittanica's Book of the Year 1949, describing the taking of the territory by the forces of King Abdullah, uses the traditional names Judea and Samaria.
Living with animals takes me closer to birth.
This can't be done by the authorities alone.
''If only I could have 10 more healthy years,'' he said, ''I'd give up my entire bank account - because I know I could fill it up again quickly.''
b-After extraordinary tax credits of $143,000 for the quarter and $559,000 for the year.
I mean I'm still in the tournament and I have other matches to play.
The only teams besides the Mets and the Cardinals to have reached the World Series each time they won a divisional title are the Boston Red Sox (1975 and 1986), Milwaukee Brewers (1982) and San Diego Padres (1984).
General Taduran said more than 100 men were missing in his military region, including officers he had once trusted.
Though the moratorium on new securities powers for banks is temporary, it amounts to a statement by Congress that it wants to decide what new powers to give banks, instead of the courts and regulators doing so.
William G. Hayden, the present Foreign Minister, would replace Mr. Keating in that scenario.
Nimble elephants and galloping horses are accompanied by assorted clowns and contortionists, Argentine gaucho dancers and high-wire aerialists at the Big Apple Circus, which has two performances today, at 12:30 and 4 P.M., at Damrosch Park at Lincoln Center.
''It was pretty much the same pitch I got yesterday when I hit the grand slam,'' he said.
Reduce heat to 350 degrees and bake 30 minutes longer, or until a knife inserted in center comes out clean.
First Boston Corp. San Antonio, $300 million of electric and gas revenue bonds.
This may be part of the missing link.''
''When he comes home, there are cracks in the ceiling and cracks in the floor; there's a broken black and white TV, broken cars in the driveway, and his parents are sacrificing everything they have to keep him at Harvard.
The board of the Beard Company, an oil and gas exploration company based in Oklahoma City, has taken steps to block a takeover by the Union Pacific Corporation.
''You don't get something for nothing,'' said Richard Hannah, an analyst for Phillips & Drew, a London brokerage house.
The future of New Jersey is in our hands - not mine, not the D.E.P.
Iran relies on access through the Persian Gulf to deliver its exports.
The center of the wood floor is lighter than some areas around the edges, and the whole floor seems to need a good scrubbing.
Here, in the hotel where the Giants checked in eight days ago, fans mobbed the lobby for one last look or touch or autograph.
Scottish and Northern Ireland jounalists, however, have decided they are entitled to present full court reports.
Mr. Salem and his wife, Sylvia, discovered Bantam Lake in 1969, when they were looking for a summer place to go with their young daughter.
As Sonny Reizner, who runs the Castaways book, put it, ''It's like watching your 1987 Cadillac go over a cliff with your mother-in-law inside.''
Time Will Tell ''But summer is generally a quite time in terms of trading.
The park can fill a day.
1 has not been reported in domestic newspapers.
Because the temperature had been below freezing on two mornings during that endeavor, I immediately, upon arriving home, busied myself banking my strawberries with hay and putting up storm windows on my mother's house.
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. ''A lot of people came in asking me where the buses are,'' said Robert DeBacker, a ranger at Christopher Morley Park in Roslyn.
JOHN BURTON, an anthropology professor at Connecticut College, wanted to know more about the anthropologist Margaret Mead.
It runs for one hour and 15 minutes.
She found the hotel in Lhasa, the capital, beautiful but was outraged by the rest of her stay in Tibet, complaining that although ''we are told we are a deluxe tour,'' the food, sanitation and roads were terrible and the altitude made her ill.
BankAmerica's best hope, according to some industry analysts and banking officials, is to derail First Interstate before it can actually carry out its offer to buy each share of BankAmerica common stock for $21 in securities.
Officials in the French Government and the French oil industry indicated that such a move was being considered.
New Zealand is a more nimble 12-Meter.
NO LAUGHING MATTER, by Joseph Heller and Speed Vogel.
He left for Brown Boveri in 1983.
At that point, the youths fled, with Officer Delmonico in pursuit.
Perhaps Miss Acker is thinking of her own line of writing.
The next night, though, well rested after their prom festivities, the Viking boys defeated New Canaan, 5-2.
''We are all of a sudden hearing about space going up past Morris and Somerset Counties in areas that are very much farmland communities,'' said Donald P. Eisen, senior vice president with Cushman & Wakefield and branch manager in New Jersey.
The stridency of Senator Edward Kennedy in opposition and the sycophancy of Senator Orrin Hatch in support thus yield to those who continue to listen to the evidence.
Were the Sinhalese a superior race?
No one else, it seems, fills quite the same role.
Ruth Fitzpatrick, national coordinator for the Women's Ordination Conference, said there were plans for women around the country to protest with signs in English, Spanish and Polish reading: ''Ordain Women Or Stop Baptizing Them.''
Mr. Clark said that some opponents of the legislation had seized upon a civil rights theme because ''you have to find something to hang your hat on if you are voting for something that is clearly against the public interest.''
Miss Carlson was once Alwin Nikolais's leading dancer.
As Bonnie was developing into a skater with international abilities, Sikma asked Rob how he might help her.
For Britain, this exodus amounts to a brain drain, sapping that country of many of its best academic minds.
Where those working days get allowances of $50 a week for each child, those on night shifts had to get double that, Mr. Heins said, because ''they needed child care both for the time they were working at night and for time to sleep during the day.''
In reversing the conviction, Judge John F. Onion Jr. of the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals wrote: ''It appears that neither the attorneys nor the interpreter understood the proper use of an interpreter, that attorneys frequently phrased their questions 'ask him if he .
About 4,000 more homes are on the drawing boards.
The embassy said drug traffickers planted the bomb.
The tests were administered in Houston on Saturday morning and the positive results were returned Monday night by the Pola Laboratory of South Plainfield, N.J. Lloyd and Wiggins were notified of the league's ban in Houston by Horace Balmer, the league's director of security.
Where there is a hunter in these paintings, we wonder if he is not hunting men, rather than animals.
GENERAL ASSEMBLY Preparatory Committee for Conference on Disarmament and Development - 10:30 A.M. and 3 P.M. Decolonization Subcommittee on Petitions - 3 P.M. Committee on Palestinian Rights - 4 p.M. ECONOMIC AND SOCIAL COUNCIL Commission on Study of Economic and Social Fields - 10 A.M. and 3 P.M.
One theme was his stalwart anti-Communism abroad; another was traditional family values at home, but his strongest pitch was for early deployment of a defense against missiles.
The public has already seen it.''
The Celtics, who have lost two games in a row at the Boston Garden for the first time since April 12 and 14, 1985, blew a 10-point lead in the third period and a 6-point advantage with 2:35 remaining in the game.
After preliminaries and semifinals, 15 choirs remain in the third annual Gospel Fest competition.
WILLIAM A. EDWARDS Annapolis, Md., Jan. 10, 1987 The writer is director of energy legislative affairs at a trade association for regulated electric utilities.
Attempting to forbid them such folly is unwise and has very unhappy implications for our claim to be free citizens of a free country.
For moviegoers whose Sanskrit is in disrepair, whose idea of a number is 10 as in Bo Derek, and who have not yet paid a visit to the Cinema Studio 1 to see what all the fuss is about, Mr. Kapoor is generous with explanations.
Berg's publisher, Universal Edition, and the Alban Berg Foundation in Vienna want Mr. Gershkovich to help prepare a new edition of Berg's works.
On the New York Mercantile Exchange, the November delivery price of West Texas Intermediate, the key domestic crude, fell 38 cents, to close at $19.44 per 42-gallon barrel, in its first major move in weeks.
That also seems to be a problem with the program.
15 13 4 THE DINNER PARTY, by Howard Fast.
''There are certain times in history when the creative forces in a society try to break through the contradictions.
Two officers dispatched to the hotel were told by a staff member that there was no need for concern, according to a police report.
Several dance sequences were dramatic in nature.
''He's in good spirits,'' said Mr. O'Neill's son, Christopher R. O'Neill, a Washington lawyer.
''HOPE didn't run in my family.
The staff had to cope with the demands of more than 200 patients, mostly elderly and chronically ill, who were infected in an outbreak of salmonella poisoning.
Chancellor Helmut Kohl today rejected complaints that his country was not doing enough to spur the world's economy and warned against a ''trend toward protectionism'' in the United States Congress.
In the Wharton ambience, one can feel transported back to the early part of the century and a world where understatement cannot disguise depth of feeling.
This ritual changed - forever, no doubt - a few weeks after I acquired a VCR.
Like the Stinger, this missile would be carried, aimed and fired from the shoulder by a single soldier.
''It seems the American Jewish community has become used to the State of Israel and the State of Israel has become a major part of world affairs,'' said Prof. Lawrence H. Schiffman of the Skirbal Department of Hebrew and Judaic Studies at New York University.
The most obvious difference is that women tend to develop coronary heart disease far later in life than men.
They were generally seen as strengthening the President's hand and leaving political moderates with less space in which to maneuver.
''Of Thee I Sing,'' originally staged in 1931, was the first musical to win a Pulitzer Prize.
Father Bogucki, who was the spiritual mentor of Rev.
The Robsons, who commute to jobs in Manhattan, said that although their commuting time would increase from 40 minutes to one and a half hours each way, they felt it was worth it.
''We'll get a call from a store owner who says, 'My customers are complaining that the guy down the block has the tape they want and I can't get it,' '' he said.
Janowitz is not the only one to notice literary New York's village mentality.
The two companies had reached a similar agreement last July regarding the Diamond Shamrock Coal Company, but in October Diamond Shamrock said they canceled the deal because they ''were unable to reach mutually acceptable terms.''
The city is dressing up as if for a dance: Christmas has a snappy, secular feel in Paris.
Chilled passengers returning from the rides may use the barn and woodstove to thaw out and picnic.
Marion Gough, retired senior features and travel editor of House Beautiful magazine, died Sunday at Doctors Hospital in Manhattan.
The first is, they said ''we came because here in America everybody has a chance, opportunity.''
To eliminate dual trading would be ''too draconian'' a step to take, he added, and might endanger liquidity in the S.&P.
Julie, a 23-year-old singer Ajay and I know, joins us and complains that you never talk to anyone new at these clubs.
When his ''Twilight in Italy'' was published in 1916, a reviewer complained that Lawrence tried to see more than he really saw, ''he preferred the easier course of discovering the Infinite.''
Squibb split its stock 2 for 1.
''The earliest possible launch of any KH-11 now in inventory is imperative,'' it concluded.
The technique involved stitching together two layers of fabric with stuffing in between.
Japanese and European manufacturers operate more factories in the U.S., producing high-quality, low-price products more competitively.
Mr. Norris replies that the agency is moving as rapidly as is consistent with safety.
The most effective remedy today, he said, is a prescription drug containing scopolamine which is applied to the skin through a patch.
Then he tells Mr. Hylands to leave him alone with his anguish.
To Baudrillard, and to many of the ''simulationist'' artists, the world is not just saturated with images, it totally consists of images.
Herbert and Dorothy Fields's book is perhaps more solid than it must have appeared more than 40 years ago.
The law, it held, protects only ''concerted activity'' by a group of employees.
's most advanced personal computer but will now become the primary PC; and a new, high-performance machine based on the Intel 80386 microprocessor.
My previous experience with a politician universally pronounced ''finished'' led me to consider the possibility of a comeback by Gary Hart, perhaps as a Secretary of State or Defense in a future Democratic administration.
AT the Gettysburg cemetery, the Abraham Lincoln of Gore Vidal's novel barely gets through his first sentence - about the events in America ''four score and seven years ago'' - when the young Presidential secretary, John Hay, cynically observes that such rhetoric ''will please the radicals.''
Mr. Fischer's lawyer, Charles R. Work, declined to comment on his client's relationship with Mr. Artiano.
The discovery that he has been surrounded for years by a bunch of bums is probably taken not as evidence that he is dumb or incompetent or too egotistical to look beyond his own nose, but that he is an innocent.
I hardly count as lost the several fish that broke off just at the net or the ''hot'' salmon with most of their Great Lakes energy intact who simply zipped upstream like powerboats before I could give them line.
It is transmitted mainly through sexual intercourse with an infected partner, and in this country it has primarily afflicted homosexuals.
THE friends, critics and colleagues who discuss Andy Warhol and his career in Lana Jokel's 1973 documentary say much the same things that obituary writers observed about him in February.
When one member asked Mr. Ross if all the items in the 300-page book of options were ''off the table,'' he replied, ''That's the Adinistration position.''
The wild deer in Vermont are white-tailed deer, a North American species that he said were not suitable for ranching, partly because they can ''jump like hell.''
Problems of Pollution The sludge's rich nutrients promote the growth of organisms that deplete the oxygen available for fish and other forms of marine life.
The Russians have quietly supported an American resolution in the United Nations Security Council calling for a cease-fire.
If the urge to talk big-time sports ever comes over them, they should lock the White House door, turn on the tube, and take the phone off the hook.
This musical pastiche of relatively unknown songs from Stephen Sondheim shows was originally presented Off Off Broadway in 1980, and will be at the York Theater Company as of Jan. 16.
Univision has tripled its news budget and started weekend and daily Spanish network news shows.
Add a little time to your exercise and cut down the extras for a few days.
Recently, however, I took part in a walking tour that would probably find a hard time developing a constituency - a five-mile walk along the Bronx River from Allerton Avenue to the river's mouth at the East River between Hunts Point and Classons Point.
''With public figures,'' she added, ''the handicap of blindness cuts a person off from the rest of society, because they don't recognize the faces that we all see every day.
''I will put all my heart into solving the Kwangju problem.''
Warring against the songs that affirm stability are other songs that demand instant gratification and the excitement of a grand passion.
Mr. Quinones said average daily attendance had dropped from 74.7 percent in 1986 to 67.3 percent in 1987.
Mr. Weisel said Prab would probably hire 40 or 50 of those workers and move them to its Kalamazoo headquarters.
The chemical compound 13-cis retinoic acid, prescribed for treatment of chronic acne, is chemically related to vitamin A and has been found to increase the risk of a variety of birth defects, the national Centers for Disease Control reported Thursday.
The median family income in Brooklyn is $14,664.
The Connecticut Bank and Trust Company, headquartered in Hartford, opened its first Westchester loan and production office in Purchase on July 23.
Indeed, in the ever-shifting sands of social standing in New York, where there is loyalty mostly to the moment, Steinbrenner's niche seems as secure as anybody else's.
Steel shot should not be used in true antique shotguns and it is possible that the barrels of imported replicas of antique guns would also be damaged by the harder steel pellets.
But they're freezing out the players.
''This is the time of year when the city breaks out in Bermuda shorts,'' Mr. Stern said as he drove his taxi Pac-Man style down Fifth Avenue, dodging fenders that were racing at him from the sides and rear.
''It was the atmosphere more than anything that put me off,'' Mr. Shachar said.
Stalin was guilty of many things, but the German invasion was Hitler's doing.
Mr. Bernstein's excitement is apparent as he sorts through some of the items he will be displaying.
Last week, though, Edward J. Murphy, a 60-year-old lawyer from Forest Hills, Queens, could not wait.
April Atchison Ward, a daughter of Mrs. Henry F. Field of Chicago and David H. Ward of New York, was married yesterday to Taylor Stockwell Bodman, a son of Mr. and Mrs. Richard S. Bodman of Washington.
If he does win a seat, he said, he hopes to help form a committee to reopen talks intended to halt the armed rebellion he began in 1969.
There are as many variations in techniques as days in the week, if not the month.
Mr. Kremer today finds himself in a curious political situation.
Summit, according to people familiar with the selection process.
That the dollar fell below 150 yen, to 144 at one point, implied that the countries disagreed over the ranges that would lead to intervention.
Comparisons between the two paintings pretty much stop there, for the El Greco's elongated figures, emphatic gestures and flat, bold colors are fundamentally opposed in their expressive approach to what one sees in the Titian.
Rear Adm. John M. Poindexter, testifying before the Iran-contra committees about his response to Colonel North's suggestion in February 1986 that money from the Iran arms sales be diverted to the contras.
In some cases, however, rates are available in the private sector that are as low as those offered by the government agencies.
And then she was faced with modern dance.
The nation hurt the least in the new revisions is Japan, because its program to stimulate domestic consumption will help overcome the negative effects of the weaker dollar.
He sat in the clubhouse the other morning, quietly reading a newspaper before beginning his daily regimen - he worked two scoreless innings tonight at Fort Lauderdale Stadium, striking out Wade Boggs looking in the Yankees' 6-2 loss to the Boston Red Sox - and talked about his emerging role in camp.
In New York, gold was up 25 cents, to $453.50.
The measure goes now to a conference with the House of Representatives, which passed a similar bill by a 302-to-127 vote in July.
Therefore, a subdued passage of melody and harmony with a certain amount of lofty overtunes should make a very pleasing ending to our ''Mood of the Bulldozer.''
Hector Bezanis played the gaida, or bagpipe, with the Balkan Brothers Village Ensemble also on hand.
WATCHING TELEVISION A Pantheon Guide to Popular Culture.
She is part of a slate of six candidates organized by an alumni group opposed to apartheid.
Akzo's consumer products division makes snack foods, skin lotions, detergents and pesticides for sale in 13 European countries.
Although they ate out more than in, even brewing a cup of coffee proved irksome in the cramped space.
At a trial last year a judge, citing the self-defense law, dismissed charges against Mr. Guenther in the shooting of his neighbors.
Its budget for this year is $2.2 million, to cover work in the Great Lakes and in New England waters as well as the first ''Large Lakes of the World'' effort, which Dr. Cooper estimates will cost about $60,000, mostly in travel expenses.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*INVESTORS SAVINGS BANK (OTC) Qtr to Dec 31 1986 1985 Net inc 3,449,000 1,348,000 Share earns .54 .38 Shares outst 5,874,494 2,590,271 Yr net 13,498,000 7,383,000 Share earns 2.43 2.68 Shares outst 5,091,091 2,405,807 View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Champion's stake in Stone is estimated to have a value of $77 million.
Of course, patent officials were quick to point out this week that, for now, constitutional safeguards prevent homo sapiens from becoming patentable subject matter.
Last year the company acquired Canada Dry and Sunkist from RJR Nabisco Inc. for $230 million, and it has bought a 30 percent stake in the Dr Pepper Company.
Under the ethics bill, Mr. Dunne would have to disclose that his law firm represented utilities, but he would not be required to specify it represented Lilco.
Mr. Kraus burst out, restraint no longer possible.
Purdue had an eight-game winning streak going into the game, but the Wolverines put an end to it by trouncing the Boilermakers, 104-68.
The Elgar was associated more closely with her than with any other cellist since Beatrice Harrison, who died in 1965.
Still, he thinks of the bits of paper that didn't arrive and the people who departed, to death.
There, we would sit and marvel at squadrons of brown pelicans divebombing for their evening meal.
''Ha,'' I cry, leaping up, ''this is ridiculous.''
Ms. Reed wouldn't be surprised if it was still there.
From Sponsoring a Class Mr. Rohatyn said that he hoped to generate a public debate ''for fundamental change'' in the schools and that the board would not receive the money until ways to meet the stipulations had been drawn up.
And in 1980, he updated those records and has continued to do so every year since, now by computer.
''We can't order them to go into developing countries if we know they might lose their money.''
The accident occurred in the westbound lanes of the turnpike near a shopping center.
The French experimental choreographer scored a hit with ''Cendrillon,'' her dollhouse version of ''Cinderella'' for the Lyons Opera Ballet.
Between 90,000 and 250,000 had been expected; only 25,000 showed up.
His search for a site led him to the Ozark cave, which he then spent about half a million dollars converting into a blast-proof, fallout-proof habitat with its own water and electricity sources and food stocks.
In May 1980, shortly after then-General Chun imposed nationwide martial law, civilians in the southern city of Kwangju staged a series of protests.
Along with his new movie, Mr. Sayles has written a book, ''Thinking in Pictures: The Making of the Movie 'Matewan' '' soon to be published by Houghton Mifflin.
Because both are culturally authentic in America today.''
The program included a repeat of ''Paquita,'' in which it was a pleasure to see Cynthia Gregory, in fine form and grand in manner, with Ross Stretton.
As Margot Gayle, a preservationist, recalled, ''People said, 'My Lord, you want to save that old pile?'
They are represented by the same person as the conductors, Edward Yule Jr. of the United Transporation Union.
The organic food business has become large enough for the industry to worry about preserving its integrity.
In his speech here on Saturday, Mr. Bush offered the clearest picture to date of what a Bush platform will look like.
But what you fail to recognize is that the best way to do this is to make negligence expensive by providing for suit where the board carelessly paroles an irredeemable recidivist.
Cinemette is privately owned by Mr. Stern; Ernest Stern, his cousin, and Richard Stern, Ernest's son.
in a tough competitive position and that he ''couldn't watch that happen.''
He called the exaggerated claims made for structuralism a distortion of ideas he once applied to linguistics.
The issue is rated Aa-2 by Moody's and AA by S.& P.
The number of students taking the S.A.T.
For all her far-sighted analysis, Ann Knight's constant task is to predict per-share profits in three-month increments.
They were proved wrong by the jurors who heard the case of the People v. Zaccaro.
But Joelle Ballonzoli and her daughter Ersellia Ferron have created a charming evening-long show, performed on Friday and Saturday this week and next, that provides a touching and funny look at life in a Brooklyn artists' loft in this teeming city.
Members of President Reagan's Commission on AIDS, completing a two-day visit to New York City, said yesterday that politics would play no part in the recommendations they will offer the President when they finish gathering facts about the AIDS epidemic.
Seconds later we were back in the Citroen, back on the promenade filled to capacity with cars whose owners were now waiting for fireworks.
After 10 months of being told that an historic process is taking place, Brazilians still have no idea when the country's new Constitution will be ready or what it will say.
DAXOR's ambitious plan targeted at corporations is just one of several marketing strategies the new blood banks are using to increase their share of the growing market.
If Judge Merhige accepted today's estimate, Robins's shareholders would have scant chance of salvaging much from the company's attempt to use Chapter 11 of the bankruptcy law as protection against the avalanche of liability suits it faces.
Here is just the air of artificiality the play requires to come across honestly, although there is an airiness here too, and that's a bit muffled, given its variable cast.
''Our decision will cause sacrifices for those waiting in prison to be judged, who now must remain there longer,'' he said.
The current selloff, which began in earnest on Oct. 16, is likely to resume, they said, after a period of stability.
The reactor is called the Mark III.
But the past month has only made the clearer how intractable those problems are.
The Rodgers and Hammerstein Foundation has given $25,000 to the Equity Library Theater to go toward the renovation of the company's theater at 103d Street and Riverside Drive.
Although business groups have been the cornerstone of support for trade legislation, they have showered Senate offices with letters objecting to various provisions viewed as protectionist or as intrusions on the President's trade authority.
They also beat one of the best pitchers in the National League, the 37-year-old, 240-pound Rick Reuschel.
By missing Denver, travelers will be cutting short their Western experience.
Barbecued lamb, however, was oddly flavorless, and the house special, mezeli a la Greek, was a muddled mess - overcooked gray meat suffocating under a layer of salty melted cheese and broiled tomatoes.
But civilian Defense Department officials were skeptical.
Sets begin at 9 P.M., 10:30 P.M., midnight and 1:30 A.M.; there is no fourth set on Sunday.
''He wasn't a terribly long hitter,'' says Tway's brother, Scott, now an assistant golf pro in Atlanta, ''but he could get up and down from anywhere.''
Elizabeth Tanner, a daughter of Dr. and Mrs. John Stetson Tanner of Plattsburgh, N.Y., was married there yesterday to Erik L. Schwarz, a son of William H. Schwarz of New York, and Tita Bergendahl of Minneapolis.
Complete test results are to be presented in September at the International Pseudomonas Working Group meeting in Lisbon.
One of the companies, Mendes Junior, is owned by Murilo Mendes, a close friend of Mr. Sarney, and is reportedly owed more than $100 million by debtors.
He also ordered the wardens of jails to review work-detail assignments and said he would hold them personally responsible for injuries to inmates or guards arising from failure to institute and monitor rules.
Ford and G.M., on the other hand, are potential strike targets this fall, and may need the cars as a safety stock.
's loss of market share and the drop in earnings in recent quarters, Mr. Smith is fighting back.
It seemed lonely without any sign of life out there.
As a worker travels from company to company, his pension rights would travel with him.
The Chiefs scored with 6 minutes 36 seconds left and had a chance to tie the score in the final minute, but Nick Lowery missed a 37-yard field goal attempt with 34 seconds left.
The imposing complex of 19th-century warehouses now offers an array of shops, restaurants and museum displays, a perfect place to browse and stroll, to watch the sailboats bobbing in the harbor or the big ships cruising up the Mersey.
Mr. Cole also tore down the building.
Rick Rhoden was battered, too, but in a different sense.
Finally, there's a flaw in the premise of their book.
Investment bankers do not dine at the same sort of restaurants as stagehands, and as the population of white-collar workers swells, the retail base of the neighborhood will likely shift away from tourism to specialty shops serving a well-to-do clientele.
Even on the occasional night when Mrs. Reuge is absent from the dining room, the staff still clicks.
''The Four Seasons,'' eloquent and passionate tone poems, are the most widely appreciated Vivaldi concertos.
Dr. Rynearson and his wife, Lida, were traveling from their winter home on Sanibel Island to Fort Myers when the accident occurred, killing Dr. Rynearson and injuring his wife, said the couple's son-in-law, Frank Michaels.
At the end of the summer he is packed off to his grandparents again, but at his own suggestion this time. ''
A picocurie is one trillionith of a curie, the unit used in measuring radioactivity.
One instructor, Mr. Mason said, paid the fee for him to take a test for early admission to all-black Morehouse College in Atlanta.
Both men are seeking their parties' Presidential nominations.
Ms. Makarova will dance ''The Dying Swan'' and perform a comic monologue she wrote.
Shirt Thomas Wolfe's talk was as prolix as his novels.
The statement released yesterday by Mr. Koch explained yet again why he had rejected a proposal endorsed by the developer.
Other groups have picked up that banner, urging Mexicans not to count on the Government to solve all their problems.
Dead Buried in a Trench A bulldozer and men wearing gauze masks dug a trench in Siuna today to bury four dead rebels.
It appears that Louganis will not allow that to happen.
''I was extremely pleased that Begun and the others were freed, but we should remember that many prisoners of conscience remain in exile or in prison,'' Mr. Meiman said.
Some of the more unusual proposals, included with other Congressional documents transferred to the National Archives for storage, have recently been dusted off and made part of an Archives' exhibit commemorating the bicentennial of the Constitution.
As June tours the building, she thinks with a somewhat grudging admiration that ''Aggie won't suit this place at all.
After failing to convince his previous employer, also a blues record producer, that young white audiences would respond positively, Mr. Iglauer took $2,500 of his own money and cut his first album under the Alligator label.
Mr. McKenzie, who makes his living working with juveniles and spends a lot of the rest of his time working with the Knox-Gates Neighborhood Association, talked intensely about the play street situation.
LIKE MANY TOP-FLIGHT FEMALE analysts, Ann Knight followed a circuitous route to Wall Street.
But to make the state non-Leninist it would still be necessary to dissolve the nomenklatura and abandon the party's monopoly on power.
Some indication, some recognition - indeed, some accommodation -for those who sense themselves beleagured is not a bad idea.
He said the deal was approved by the agency's regional administrator in New York on the same day it was submitted to him.
In fact, almost too much snow.
''Otherwise, the salamanders won't go in there.''
The documentary examined the effects on Israel of its occupation of the West Bank and Gaza since the 1967 Middle East war.
In stopping their 0-5-1 skid, the Penguins started fast when Rod Buskas scored on a power play at 1 minute 48 seconds of the first period, and Dan Frawley got his 14th at 4:42.
Once all the files to be translated have been designated, the F1 key initiates their actual conversion.
Mr. Hardy graduated from the Applewild School, Deerfield Academy and Connecticut College.
There are those to this day, for instance, who sincerely believe that Beethoven's late works were indeed the products of decline, of an eccentric curmudgeon who had lost touch with the world not just in terms of his deafness, but in his ability to communicate as well.
But that was before a Massachusetts state court issued the injunction, which bars New World from buying more stock.
Dukakis to Crack Down On Tax-Law Violators Governor Dukakis's assertion that he would raise $35 billion a year through stricter enforcement of the tax laws is also challenged by people who have studied the situation.
It is Stella's achievement that he can make these two elements flirt, and fight, and settle for a standoff, over and over again and in ways that always convince us.
Even if the Treasury announces on Wednesday an auction of new two-year notes, as it would under normal circumstances, she said, it has until July 22, the auction date, to secure the proper authorization.
Its report made no mention of casualties, but an official said one body was found in the wreckage.
The decision in Superior Court by Judge William R. Pounders paves the way for a trial to begin this spring.
In the past three years, while total corporate profits have remained essentially level, the Tokyo Stock Exchange's Nikkei-Dow index has tripled.
From the succeeding generation came Ernesto Cardenal and Carlos Martinez Rivas, considered by many to be the most important Nicaraguan poet since Dario.
''There are Gambians here; there are Senegalese.
In the Vasaloppet, the pair of inexperienced skiers were able to avoid downhill crashes that could have spelled disaster for them and other racers.
On Tuesday, the company said it had agreed to sell its Piper aircraft unit to a California businessman for an undisclosed sum.
The music hall's other performing groups have long been integrated.
It carried from 150 to 160 passengers and soon became the workhorse of the airline industry.
(And don't worry; she dialed an 800 number.)
''He does everything kind of mechanically, so everybody expects you to do something big when you're on him,'' she said.
At the same time, the President complained, Congress has cut his budgets for security assistance.
The house, said to date from 1820, is set on three acres with a pond in the back.
Maria, a 21-year-old Philadelphia college student, said she became anorexic at 14 in response to her parents' marital problems and divorce.
The fight is not over.
''It's obvious that colossal blunders were made,'' said Senator Bob Dole of Kansas, the Republican leader.
The hurricane did turn and Mr. Robertson says prayer is what turned it.
The President ought to pick up some of the threads that were dropped at Reykjavik by pursuing deep reductions and by exploring areas of compromise relating to S.D.I.
He is playing tonight and tomorrow night between 9:30 and midnight; there is a $10 cover charge and a two-drink minimum.
Mr. Cooley, a vice president of the Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York, graduated from St. Paul's School in Concord, N.H., and magna cum laude from Yale College.
Julius Maldutis, an analyst for Salomon Brothers, said the Transportation Department, by not imposing conditions on the USAir-Piedmont deal, was leaving the way open for more airline mergers.
Our house has no basement, and when the season arrives where we shut off the heat, mildew runs rampant inside the house -particularly in one of the large closets.
Marinas: Saint Clair & Sons Dokis Marina (General Delivery, Monetville, Ontario POM 2KO; 705-763-2114); Leonard's Riverview Marina (General Delivery, Monetville, Ontario POM 2KO; 705-763-2127).
ABOUT 50,000 pharmacies fill Americans' drug needs.
Many men appreciate a service that doesn't end.''
West won with the jack, and a second club lead would have made matters easy.
He stayed two and a half years and ''found out who I am as a designer.''
But everyone in the room will have read Proust.''
Through all its history, the meaning of the Constitution has been subject to ferocious argument, and to change.
He won a world-leading six Grade I races, but lost to his archrival, Manila, in their only meeting.
Leaders in Congress acknowledge that if the President holds to his promise to veto tax increases, there may be no significant reduction in the Federal deficit this year.
The curators concede that voyeurism is still a predominantly male pastime - an etching, Reginald Marsh's Hogarthian scene of a stripper performing to a packed house, is a case in point.
Ms. Mehta, the wife of Dr. Bipin Mehta, is a college graduate, with a degree in business.
The most heartily cheered moment of the performance came at the first finale when the Red Shadow kissed Margot into fainting submission and lugged her into the desert, returning with her limp form to encore the delicious exit.
Chrysler defended the odometer practice as a ''legitimate quality assurance program'' in which cars, selected at random, are driven by employees to test for defects.
Ms. Hays lives and works in a cluster of dilapidated buildings that are among the remains of coastal fortifications dating from the Spanish-American War.
The record industry fears this would lead to a deluge of copyright violations that would decimate industry sales and profits.
Jerome J. Meyer, the longtime Honeywell manager who is Minneapolis-based Honeywell Bull's chief executive, sees eye to eye with his French colleagues on this strategy.
The authors persuasively present a charge of duplicity, directed primarily against former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger, but also implicating Mr. Nixon and ultimately Mr. Ford, who, with his eye on the 1976 election, shied away from greater assistance to Mr. Thieu for fear of ''making it his war instead of Nixon's.''
Yet, for all the familiarity of his attack, Mr. Mason was very, very funny - and not simply because he has compiled every Jews vs. gentiles joke known to God, man or Philip Roth.
The in-country escort shall provide the inspection team, during the inspection, with such clarifications as may be necessary to remove the ambiguity.
For many years landfills were the preferred method of disposing of that garbage, until research showed that the chemicals from a landfill found their way into water supplies.
football players $61,000 over two seasons, Sherwood Blount, a Dallas real-estate developer, has had his troubles with the National Collegiate Athletic Association and S.M.U., which has banned him and eight other boosters for life from any association with the athletic department.
Two-thirds of the trio - the bassist John Lindberg and the guitarist John Emery - have been together for 10 years; the violinist Charles Burnham recently replaced Billy Bang in the group.
Simply put, some developers doubt that they can make the numbers work on a West Midtown office project.
Maybe it's a question of water level.''
For State College, the good times are even better than the new study indicated.
I think this means he has not tried to imitate Mr. Littin's actual tone, and hasn't done much work on his own writing.
We stood there speechless gazing at the gaping holes in the walls.
In spite of this information, West led the club five since this was unlikely to give South any help.
There are, however, nonaddictive drugs that help combat even the most excruciating pain.
Rulon Jones, Broncos' left defensive end, vs. Brad Benson and Karl Nelson, Giants' offensive tackles: Jones is big, quick, elusive and clever.
She called this problem ''the biggest common denominator in Westchester's child-abuse cases,'' and a factor in 50 to 60 percent of them.
''They didn't put in a bid when they were asked to.''
''It's not how wide it is; it's how deep it is.
''Westinghouse didn't know what it wanted to do with it so everything ground to a halt,'' said Mr. Engleberger, who left to found the Transitions Research Corporation, which is developing advanced robotics systems.
By 11:30 P.M., men believed to be the escapees had been sighted in Garden City and in Mineola.
The question now is how long will it take to regain the timing he accumulated in four preseason and two regular-season games before the strike.
But when Mr. Keillor, who had created ''Prairie Home'' 13 years before, announced that he would leave the show in June 1987, Mr. Kling immediately offered the time slot to Mr. Adams, though neither had any idea what kind of show they would produce.
She makes a concentrated effort and gets it down.
Much has been said about my agenda for the courts.
We have also supported group research projects and raised venture capital.
Stone was, and in a sense remains, a traditional social historian; his great work deals with the formation of the English aristocracy.
The 12-year-old boy from Gary had turned in the greatest week any hitter ever had in the Little League World Series - or even in the adult version.
Island parameters continued to shape my development.
''Our expectation is that we're going to get a bear market, if not this year or next year, then the next couple of years,'' Mr. Lill said.
Since the Howard Beach incident and the retaliatory attack on a white youth by 39 or more blacks the next day in Jamaica, many have seen the incidents in Howard Beach and Jamaica as part of a larger mosaic of growing racial unrest.
All of these calm, wizened, robed figures are facing outward, fully confident, at peace with themselves, each other and the world.
There were rumors Thursday night that a plane had landed near the Kremlin, but they could not be confirmed.
James R. Tallon Jr., the majority leader of the New York State Assembly, said, ''The traditional system of employer-based health insurance is unraveling because more and more people work in service industries or part-time jobs that do not carry health insurance.''
Candidates are advised to be well-informed about matters of interest to the PAC, and to grab the attention of PAC members without being silly.
The United States has designated Israel ''a non-NATO ally,'' entitling it to bid on classified defense contracts.
28 Students who are illegal aliens are having trouble qualifying for amnesty under the new immigration law.
Scheduled to open on Feb. 13, three days after the theater closed, was ''Sizwe Banzi,'' an indictment of South Africa's system of racial discrimination.
A six-member ensemble called the Klezmatics will play and sing Yiddish folk songs and pop during this ''Celebration of Yiddish'' that begins at 1 P.M.
The prison is being rebuilt.
They are permitted to project a film's revenues and then write off proportionate costs in a manner relating to its earnings projections.
The backup crews on a 12-Meter are largely an unknown group.
A total of 45 dealers from 10 states will bring literary collectibles - with prices ranging from $1 to $5,000 - to Congregation Rodeph Sholom, 7 West 83d Street, just off Central Park West.
Thousands of undocumented aliens, from farmhands in Colorado and Texas to sewing machine operators in Southern California, are being thrown out of work by employers worried about sanctions, which the immigration service began enforcing in August as a way to make aliens go back where they came from.
''Right now,'' Navratilova said, ''I'm not feeling too confident.
The contest is open to those 5 to 13 years old; participants should register at the site before 11:30 A.M. Eggs and other materials will be provided.
The episode has also underscored the worsening relations between the Administration and Congress on foreign-policy issues.
But as Maurice D. Solomon, a senior vice president of Julien J. Studley, a Manhattan real-estate company, cautioned, ''We're not an island unto ourselves.''
The commission has eliminated the requirement that new buildings on shallow lots in R6B and R7B zones line up with existing structures.
degree from the Boston University School of Law.
Won't Invoke War Powers Act In Santa Barbara, Calif., where President Reagan is on vacation, a spokesman said Wednesday that the Reagan Administration would not invoke the War Powers Act in connection with the Iran-Iraq war.
That's an important figure since the residents must show that a majority of property owners favor the purchase, Mr. Gluchowski said.
Although Mr. Kunstler did not outline to the jurors any specific defense against the murder charges, he said in an interview afterward that he would offer evidence, including an alibi witness, to exonerate Mr. Davis.
Perhaps some individual will help us.
Many wonderful pianists are not able, physically or intellectually, to push themselves to the kind of schedule expected from competition pianists, and often ones far inferior to them are the winners.''
In private life, he is counsel to the law firm of Finkelstein, Borah, Schwartz, Altschuler & Goldstein, one of the most active firms in New York City that represent landlords in disputes with tenants.
Perhaps to compensate for the marginal control he had over people and circumstances, Spike Lee's attached an ironclad lid.
'Pluses and Minuses' Mr. Rafshoon said that in the meeting with the Governor, ''I told him the things to look out for, the pitfalls of the primaries, how I think a Cuomo candidacy would be perceived and what the pluses and minuses would be.''
And in sustained loud passages she stiffened a bit, and lost some of her variety of gesture.
The problem, he said, is that ''the voters don't really know him yet.''
account or Keogh plan,'' workers should list the amount to be contributed that will qualify for a deduction.
We recently bought 174 works by Jorge Luis Borges in this bibliophile context, the first time that any Latin American author has been added en bloc to the collection.
The emery mines were annoying, according to people who lived there when they were active - the 1900's into the 1970's.
John Thompson, Main Hurdman's chief executive, said yesterday, ''After we extended our procedures, we were satisfied that the irregularities were being properly addressed by the client.''
The models carried cards bearing numbers, as they used to do at couture shows.
Every year the measurements are more precise and more ominous, and this year they were worse than ever.
Yet later on, taking a breather between swings, I began to believe my friend might have been right.
Mopping the flaws with fatality has resulted in a waxy buildup of bromide.
''When you have the potential to get millions of plants from a little snip, it's much easier to bring a promising hybrid to market.''
Mr. Smith missed a $46,000 payment on a $600,000 debt in 1985 and watched as two relatives bid on his land at public auction.
Filion, who has earned more than $52 million while racing more than 60,000 times in 35 years, steered Commander Bond to victory in 2:04 3/5.
Last January she and several other mothers started a support group, Save Our Sons and Daughters, the local equivalent of Mothers Against Drunk Drivers, for mothers whose children have been shot.
''When I walked in the first time, I thought, 'This is normal - just like Santo Domingo or Mexico City,' '' said one newly stationed American consular official.
Having decided that ''it was degrading to me as a woman to be treated that way,'' she promptly called Toshiba and changed her ''no'' to ''yes.''
''For the most part, we deserved this one,'' said Vanbiesbrouck, who faced 37 shots.
As a result, some victims ingested so much radium that their graves still cause Geiger-counter needles to jump.
What does seem to be on the rise is the frequency of public reports of fraud - a phenomenon not unexpected in view of the recent growth in the number of biomedical scientists and the intensity of media coverage.
Knucksie ached for a chance to get into a World Series, his first.
Experts in higher education also suggest that universities and colleges, which have traditionally selected their presidents from a pool of academic scholars with background in the liberal arts, may now beturning to lawyers because the position increasingly requires more political, financial and managerial skills.
He knows that a collegial community requires a great many other relationships than those that are just dictated by academic discipline.''
In today's final, Annacone will meet John McEnroe, who defeated Jimmy Connors 6-4, 6-4 in yesterday's other semifinal.
Accommodating New Factories Jubail is a tour de force of civil engineering, managed by the Bechtel Company of San Francisco.
Mr. Koreman called Elizabeth's case of child abuse a ''terrible tragedy.''
The Russians would be allowed to keep 33 SS-20's in Soviet Asia.
''We support the summit and we don't want to interfere with it,'' he said.
Green Bay (4-7-1) closed to within 16-12 on Paul Ott Carruth's 1-yard touchdown run in the third quarter following an interception.
If AIDS is natural, then there is no message in its spread.
Werner K. Tillman, Foreign Trade News, West Germany, re-elected second vice president.
It is helping them, but for a period it nearly left him bankrupt.
In a brief foreword, Mr. Bova notes that he was writing about the Soviet-American space race years before Sputnik, and about laser-armed satellites years before President Reagan's Strategic Defense Initiative (S.D.I.).
As part of her research, she goes to camel races and royal weddings, takes a job at the Ministry of Planning and witnesses a beheading in a public square.
Both hotels are fairly new.
Up for sale on Oct. 28 at Christie's is a selection of Venetian views both in oil and watercolor by the Spanish painter Martin Rico y Ortega, estimated to sell for $6,000 to $20,000.
Thus ended an era at S.M.U.
One official said that if serious diplomatic dialogue between the two nations resumed, it would probably be undertaken in Pretoria, not here.
The board, headed by former Senator John G. Tower of Texas, released its report last Thursday.
''We had laid 55,000 or 60,000 miles of undersea cable all over the world with no problem.
Mr. Rockoff identified the man as John Peplinsky, 24.
George Deukmejian signed a measure easing the requirement.
''Be prepared,'' he warned, ''people will think you're a genius.''
A French-born former model, she learned the trade while working with her former husband, Georges Rey, who had a namesake restaurant for 18 years just around the corner.
When measured in constant dollars, wages have fallen 1 percent below last year.
''I don't worry about losing anymore,'' Simms has said.
Computers It is hard to imagine any 1987 home office without some sort of computer, though the specifications depend upon the type of business.
And the fans also know that there has never been a World Series in which the home team has won every game.
His toys are much admired by other collectors and museums.
The center is at 30 North Van Brunt Street.
In other big cities, the worst kind of pests often wear leather jackets and carry knives.
We would rent a striped umbrella when we got to the beach.
In his comments on the ABM treaty, Mr. Obukhov told reporters the United States had ''formally proposed'' that its broader interpretation be legalized, and added, ''the position adopted by Washington is effectively blocking a solution to the issue of radical reductions in nuclear arms.''
In the Gabrielsen program, a client and/or his family is assigned a primary therapist.
They spend much of their time trying to foil Hacker or, as they see it, keep him out of harm's way.
Rising water from releases at the dam, where repairs are being made, made some of the first day's holes too dangerous to reach.
''Once we get 'em down, we really go to get the killer instinct and get after them.''
Barry Rona, executive director of the owners' Player Relations Committee, said he was not sure what ''we have to do different to be in compliance with the collective bargaining agreement.''
Before that he spent 12 years at Wunderman, Ricotta & Kline, a subsidiary of Young & Rubicam.
The new top of the line is the Mac II.
This will make smokers angry as I probably would be if I still smoked.
Ms. Childress holds the copyright on the first production of ''Moms,'' and she said there were ''two or three offers pending'' to produce the original version.
But even today, the challengers do not go entirely unchallenged.
Remember that shelf brackets take up space under each shelf, so the space directly under each bracket will not be available for tall books or other objects that cannot fit underneath this bracket.
McEnroe has not recaptured the form that made him No.
Whenever possible, we will print a large number of the letters it elicits.
Diana Cecil, an advertising representative at Sports Illustrated, is a tennis whiz and a faithful runner.
The demands on caseworkers in nonprofit preventive programs, commensurate with their task, are enormous.
strike continuing, playing on a Sunday became an attractive alternative for the ninth annual Pride Bowl at Newark's refurbished Schools Stadium.
''It's a sad commentary on American manufacturing,'' according to Stephen Berger, the executive director of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey .
There isn't another country in the region that can match that record.''
In 1970, Congress gave the states the choice of managing their job safety programs with 50 percent Federal financing or letting the Federal OSHA run them.
The episode has been described by authorities as part of a pattern of disciplinary problems rather than espionage.
Despite the publicity that has surrounded her case, Mrs. Tinning seemed unconcerned by the drama around her.
SPEED Almost the speed of sound at altitudes as low as 200 feet Low supersonic at higher altitude RANGE (unrefueled) 7,455 miles DIMENSIONS Span: 137 feet with wings extended Length: 145.8 feet Height: 34 feet MAXIMUM TAKE-OFF WEIGHT 477,000 pounds ENGINES 4 General Electric F101-GE-102 turbofan engines CREW Four, with room for two passengers.
The bill also includes $1.3 billion for military programs, $425 million for homeless programs, $1 billion for a Federal pay raise, $147.8 million to help the Immigration and Naturalization Service impose the new immigration law and $5.7 million for the protection of the Pope.
''It's one of the craziest years I've experienced,'' said Anthony Pallett, associate vice president for enrollment services at Boston University.
Made in the two millenia before the birth of Christ, they mark one of the highest achievements of any civilization, and they give the Sackler Gallery collection an unshakeable esthetic ballast.
Also on view is an aggressively protruding wall piece by Wallace and Donohue, as well as a better-than-usual work by Christian Eckart that consists mostly of gold frame.
Productions I had looked forward to have not turned out well, and it seems that whenever I have a show that's a big deal in New York - let's knock on wood about this one - it always turns out disastrously, and the productions that are done in the resident theaters and abroad, many of them have been successful.
Shares of Tenneco Inc. rose $1.375 yesterday, to $61.25, as rumors continued to circulate that the company was about to be taken over.
The reason is simple: they are light, easy to carry and fuss-free.
But Mr. Wilson, in his minimalist, imagistic manner, is very much a man of the theater, and on his terms, this ''Salome'' makes for a fascinating night at the opera.
The Giants will not say if the hamstring is torn or merely stretched.
Pennzoil and Texaco agreed in court documents filed in Houston last week that Texaco's total assets, more than $34 billion, were more than adequate to pay $10 billion to Pennzoil if Texaco loses its appeals.
Nevertheless, msucal sounds and unexpected aural linkages are central to Bely's art, even though they are often grounded in dissonance rather than harmony.
Then there is the difficult backstage process, in a repertory schedule, of extracting props and scenery from storage out of sequence.
Discussing the seminar computers, Mr. Gilman suggested: ''They could call it an IBM, for 'I Built My Own.
The savings bank chairman, Harry W. Albright Jr., a Republican and former top aide of the late Nelson A. Rockefeller, is a member of the Cuomo ''outer circle,'' primarily business executives and others whose advice the Governor sometimes seeks and who provide him with access to other executives.
He gave a party to celebrate the 13 states.
A somewhat more modest but very engaging endeavor is ''Labors of Love,'' by Judith Reiter Weissman and Wendy Lavitt (Knopf, $50), a history of American needlework from 1650 to 1930.
Since then, he has played Alfredo in ''La Traviata'' and Don Jose in ''Carmen'' as well as parts in ''Madama Butterfly'' and ''I Pagliacci.''
Why has the Administration proposed so many cutbacks in subsidized loan programs, whether it is housing or education or student loans?
Mr. Eban said his committee's key conclusion was that ''the Defense Ministry's Bureau of Scientific Affairs headed by Rafi Eitan decided to draft Pollard and send him on his missions without any checking, discussing with or receiving direct or indirect permission from the political echelon.''
How many are seriously upset if homework isn't finished before baseball, or if they're paying for music lessons the kid is never prepared for?
''Some mid-level leaders are obstacles to reform.
But that sense of ease in the highly charged and competitive world of dance did not extend to an acceptance of the usual route to stardom, which begins with a patient apprenticeship in the corps de ballet.
Toronto has won 13 of its last 14 games.
The irony of the 1967 war was that it brought the conflict back to its roots.
Reaction to the new rules has been mixed, but there is agreement that the threat of lengthy suspensions and pay cuts will dissuade most brawlers, and nobody said they would miss the brawls.
In an era in which marketing is everything, it is the marketing people who become vice presidents; public relations people remain publicity directors.
in which Azumah Nelson, the W.B.C.
Solicitations went out to trade publications, newspapers and approximately 8,000 restaurants.
The company said the latest quarter ended April 4 and the year-ago quarter ended March 29.
There is nothing more intimidating - and not just for amateurs -than a solid wall of California cabernets or Bordeaux or any other wine in a wine shop.
Asked about protests against putting the library on vacant land just west of the campus, Mr. Stubbins said, ''There is always opposition in Palo Alto.''
Because industrial employers cannot afford generous pay raises in the face of strong deflationary pressures, they now have a sudden interest in lowering food and housing costs as a way of improving the real incomes of their employees while expanding domestic demand.
So far these departures have not had a major effect on Eastern's operations, according to the unions representing those employees.
He said that he would oppose any other attempt to modify the law, including a proposal by some opponents that the entire issue be placed on the ballot next March to give all Floridians the opportunity to express their views on gun control.
Although American vulnerability in oil cannot be gauged simply by the percentage of imports - the source, price and other factors are also important - it is agreed that heavy dependence on Mideast supplies is highly risky.
Dinner for two $44 to $54, plus wine; closed Wednesdays and Aug. 15 to Sept. 8.
His Staggerlee is a character from black folklore, a street-smart gambler and tough who was the central character in a popular and widespread black narrative ballad, variously called ''Stack O'Lee'' or ''Stagger Lee'' and apparently of late 19th-century origin.
Choosing textbooks ''is the closest thing that we have to systematic debate over our schools should be teaching,'' he said.
We think about you, we pray for you, and we are with you.
It's warning you that the light is beyond the camera's capabilities.
The Government said its request for dismissal of the fraud charges was based on a review of documents and testimony in the case.
* A severely depressed resale market, which could make this a propitious time for a purchase.
Does that, as employers' groups and the Reagan Administration argued, discriminate against other employees who have disabling medical conditions but are not guaranteed leaves?
And, just to show that the irrepressible nature of the Berliner adapts as well as ever to the screen, there is a still from a film called ''Ticket of No Return/Portrait of a Woman Drinker'' by Ulrike Ottinger.
A strain of kooky paranoia often informs Mr. Maya's remarks.
The major element is a requirement that all lawn watering be done on alternate days between 4 P.M. and 10 A.M.; restrictions on commercial uses of water take effect in June.
Mr. Gore's father, Albert Gore Sr., served in the Senate.
Though ''The Good Wife'' is acted with restraint by Miss Ward and her co-stars, it also recalls Bette Davis's camp-classic ''Beyond the Forest.''
An executive vice president of General Motors, Lloyd E. Reuss, said the company was gearing its plants to build enough vehicles in 1987 to account for 42 percent of the projected 10.5 million American car market.
The first general American hospital, Pennsylvania Hospital in Philadelphia, opened its doors in 1752.
* The Jericho Cider Mill, where the scents of cinnamon and clove fill the air on a cold winter's day.
''Everything's running fine,'' a spokesman said.
More than three weeks after Mayor Koch wrote to 150 mayors around the country, asking them to withhold endorsements of Presidential candidates and to help him formulate an urban agenda, he has had responses from 17 mayors, about half of whom fully endorsed his plan.
But theory has been a poor guide to the A. H. Robins bankruptcy case.
So an extensive agenda for a summit meeting in Washington would be taking shape in the spirit of the understanding reached during George Shultz's previous visit to Moscow in April this year.
Following is a transcript of President Reagan's address to the nation last night on the Iran arms affair, as recorded by The New York Times: My fellow Americans, I've spoken to you from this historic office on many occasions and about many things.
Roman keys that fold are equipped with seals and are small enough to wear as a ring on a finger.
The job pays $80,095 and, like the other posts filled last week, requires approval by the Board of Legislators.
The church's lawyers argued that it would be bankrupted if it had to post the appeal bond.
It is not authentic to exclude vibrato from Baroque music.
He does not fear the speed and danger of racing, he says, because he knows God protects him.
Its army includes a large number of Shiite Moslems, who might be sympathetic to Iran's fundamentalist revolution.
Key Labor members in Parliament rallied around, firmly rejecting the idea that there should be any change in leaders before a general election.
''We've had people walk out on $1 million bond,'' said Anna Barnette, an assistant United States attorney in Florida.
.when she was singing .
Copies of pre-Columbian art and 19th-century folk art paintings can be found at El Patio Antiques.
They expect the answer to be a thunderous yes.
Mr. Butterworth, a graduate of the Episcopal Academy and Connecticut College, received a master's degree in chemistry from Drexel University and is a second-year law student at Villanova University.
At the seven-nation summit conference in Venice last month, the President reduced the punitive tariffs by 17 percent in view of evidence that prices of one of the two chips, known as dynamic random access memories, or D-RAM's, had risen.
Thanks to the masks made by Ida Bagus Anom and the costume designs of K. L. Fredericks, there were many fantastic images.
says the nine cosmetic companies - as well as about a dozen more it plans to deal with in coming weeks - must either stop making such claims or persuade the agency to approve the product as a drug, one proved to work and to be safe.
He is vice president and director of player development for the Atlanta Braves.
Herzog has been strident in insisting that the Mets' third baseman is using a corked bat, which accounts for his show of strength.
But people familiar with Board of Education politics said the first seat likely to come open would be the one controlled by the Bronx Borough President.
The pastoral care of families is a vast and complex field of the Church's ministry, but it is a most urgent and pressing service.
All have been enrolled there for years -the ''newcomer'' among them entered in the second grade.
An Iranian leader said victory for Teheran's troops was in sight.
Complaint on Consumer Goods Mr. Gorbachev complained about the scarcity or low quality, or both, of consumer goods.
The Open is second to Wimbledon in the tennis pecking order, a four-star restaurant on a year-round fast food tennis tour that seems to have no beginning or end.
total for a 50-homer hitter was 112 for Willie Mays with the 1965 San Francisco Giants, when Mays belted 52 home runs.
''Last weekend I was with a guy who's 19,'' said her friend Elyse.
They include five Americans: Terry A. Anderson, an Associated Press correspondent; Joseph James Cicippio, chief accountant for the American University of Beirut; Frank Herbert Reed and Thomas M. Sutherland, educators, and Edward Austin Tracy, a self-described world traveler and writer.
It can also be enhanced with shallots, cream, a forceful belt of chili, a dusting of sharp cheese, the pungent whiff of fresh coriander or refreshing dicings of scallion.
Establishing an exact location is also vital, Mr. Parker said.
In the letter, from Mrs. de Larrain in Florida to her attorney in New York, she complains that her personal secretary and assistant may have withheld portions of a will that the lawyer, Richard Welden, had drafted four months before the marriage.
From Pearl Harbor in 1941 to VE Day in 1945, America fought on two fronts - Europe and the Pacific.
The performances would be the orchestra's first in New York since 1976.
But will it bring back the women from the work force?
Phone: 312 728-4642) MICHIGAN ANN ARBOR SUMMER FESTIVAL This monthlong series of music, theater and dance, plus master classes and lectures, will start on June 20.
But supporters of public housing said its recommendations were a predictable endorsement of Reagan policies.
The Bulls' 40-42 record was a tribute to Jordan, whose 37.1 points a game was fifth-best in N.B.A.
Stars & Stripes is a bigger boat than New Zealand, one that capitalizes on speed.
(''The Jazz Age'' will be repeated Nov. 29 at midnight; the second part, Dec. 6, also at midnight.)
But most fans have been encouraging.
By then, the company must resume flying into Kennedy International Airport or risk forfeiture of its landing slots.
Molly Yard, just elected president of the National Organization for Women, has drawn fire by refusing to reveal her age.
A defenseman who had played only five times in the playoffs, and had not been in uniform for the first five games of the Montreal series, suddenly materialized during the pregame skate for the sixth game of a semifinal series.
''It's nice to savor the past but it's a mistake to expect the past to help you.
Playing his famous character, M. Hulot, with unfurled umbrella and unfailing good will, M. Tati, loping about Paris on some mysterious errand or other, finds himself up against walls of glass, remote-controlled doors and, in the brilliantly orchestrated finale, a posh nightclub with ascendingly hilarious problems.
The department said visitors to Macchu Picchu, Cuzco, the Inca Trail, Lake Titicaca, Huaras, the Cordillera Blanca and Arequipa should use caution.
There is more glass, and the aerodynamics have been improved.
''That's a step in the right direction, but it's a small step and it is the first reversal we've seen of a five-year trend,'' said Stephen S. Roach, senior economist at Morgan Stanley & Company.
Where color is a factor, oil-base finishes are generally available in brighter and deeper colors than latex paints.
Her increasingly vibrant color often camouflages key images, whose slow emergence increases the sculptural impact.
The program - which includes Mr. Taylor's ''Diggity,'' Mr. Limon's ''There is a Time'' and Mr. Tudor's ''Cereus''- will be repeated March 27 through March 29; tickets for those performances are $7 and $10.
THE STOCK MARKET PLUNGE The stock market had its worst day in history.
And he was aware of the status of the contras in the field, the kinds of things that he was briefed on, I think, would've made that clear.
Professor Vazquez-Amaral headed the Spanish and Portuguese department at Rutgers from 1947 to 1982, when he retired.
The two men, who were with the National Security Agency, were key agents in the United States-Iran talks.
After its facelift is complete, the Blackstone will cater to affluent commercial travelers and tourists.
In a corner of her basement, Mrs. Mehnert, a housewife and mother of two, has a storeroom filled with sale items.
We have looked for books that are practical and have a different angle from the others.''
''Tom O'Connor had a good camp,'' Walton added.
''That's when I realized he might still be alive,'' she said.
Indeed it was, pleasant-looking, but crowded.
According to Mr. Foote, the top Anointed One in 1985 and 1986 was Bob Dole of Kansas, the Senate Republican leader who is now running for President.
'Platoon'' can't make that much of a difference partly because of the type of movie it is.
The Murray Louis Dance Company performs through March 29 at the Joyce Theater, 175 Eighth Avenue, at 19th Street.
After filing a discrimination charge, he said he was transferred and given a job that was far below his abilities.
And then there are children you can't give away.
But there is still a long way to go.
He is survived by his sister, Niki Stifel of Athens, and by two nieces, Sylvia de Cuevas of New York and Lina Nation of Athens.
In a decision that could affect 20,000 women, a Federal district judge has ruled that a subsidiary of the American Telephone and Telegraph Company discriminated against pregnant employees over a 12-year period in the 1960's and 1970's.
Not from the manager or any of the coaches.
S & J Seafood, 106 Myrtle Ave. (Bridge St.).
learned that one of Mrs. Sessa's stock certificates had been sold in Switzerland for $26,000 after Feb. 3 and the proceeds deposited in a Liechtenstein account of Raymond's.
This stamp, with some repaired damages, carried a pre-sale estimate of $4,000 and sold for $5,720.
''It might be affecting my health.''
The reporter's tools are an eye for detail and a supply of skepticism.
In their youth, they often equate the tragic and the deformed with the ugly and attempt therefore to create an idyllic counterspace.
The following are excerpts from a remarks delivered by Pope John Paul II at a departure ceremony today, attended by Vice President Bush.
''He held him back too much on the first turn and the horse just got disinterested.
A white paper presented to the Canadian Parliament June 4 outlined plans to build 10 of these at an estimated cost of $4 billion.
This might then fail in the plebiscite, scuttling or delaying the arrival of a democratic system.
Tempos change, slowing down to a notch below what would work on stage.
The United States District Court possesses the supervisory powers to dismiss indictments to control this problem.
Reality,'' they are playing better than ever.
So we were left with limited options, and I think the prudent thing is to come up with the additional money and go ahead with the project.''
Any call within one of those regions would be billed at a standard rate of 10.2 cents for residential phone users.
The Secretary of Education, William J. Bennett, has asserted that American colleges are ''ripping off'' their students with ill-conceived curriculums.
To the uninitiated, the creation of fashion may be one of the more ephemeral enterprises.
His $872 million tender offer for Telex expires on Friday.
Delicate Political Balance Critics see such steps as inconsistent with the need for industrial growth.
The standard approach to photojournalism in photography schools is that the photographer must turn in a story with a beginning, a middle and an end.
(Old sleeping bag, new sweater.)
Farther along the Via Dora is the Piazza Mincio, where the most elaborate examples of Coppede's eccentric style will be found.
They also knew that the combination of program trading and portfolio insurance could send prices plummeting.
162, Thanksgiving will be a classroom experience only.
''This was a person around whom a community could coalesce,'' he said.
Annual production averages about 35,000 cases.
Virtually nothing is seen of the three-week period of detention and interrogation before Mr. Biko's death, and nothing but the verdict -an exoneration of the Security Police - from the inquest that followed.
She made much of Prokofiev's three wordless vocalises, shaping them with care and feeling.
Mr. Grissell's easy humor and confessional style reminded me so strongly of the garden writings of the British novelist Beverley Nichols that I wasn't at all surprised to learn, in the next-to-last chapter, that he read Nichols's ''Down the Garden Path'' when he was only 13 and that it made a permanent impression.
In addition to the regular hunting license, which permits the holder to kill one male deer, the state issues special permits allowing hunters to kill an additional buck, doe or fawn.
The agency added that Chad's troops had been crushed and then had staged a second offensive, which the Libyans said they had also repulsed.
A Japanese official here said that Tokyo sought a meeting of the Group of Five - the United States, West Germany, Japan, Britain and France - ''as soon as possible.''
''While there were distractions, they added an element of party to something - wine tasting - that occasionally can be too serious a study.''
''I wake up at night and worry about my students,'' he said.
The Environmental Education Advisory Council will present a day of workshops, panel discusions and demonstrations Saturday.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3*TRAVELERS REAL ESTATE INESTMENT TRUST Qtr to Sept 30 1987 1986 Net inc 444,387 676,593 Share earns .18 .27 9mo net inc 1,690,670 2,031,937 Share earns .67 .81 View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Villanova fell to 15-14 and 6-10.
Also scheduled to appear are the singers Barbara Lea, Daryl Sherman and Judy Niemack; the pianists Jane Jarvis, Arthur Siegel and Ronny Whyte, and Richard Sudhalter and his group.
While gathering names, ask why the planners are recommended.
Adolf Hitler killed himself in the spring of 1945 as the Red Army advanced on his bunker in Berlin.
Gains in these operations were partly offset by weakness in petroleum refining and marketing, he said.
The papers released today, roughly one-sixth of the Special Files created by Nixon White House aides as a secure repository for their most sensitive memorandums, were the frequently edited dossiers of the following five White House officials involved in the criminal misconduct that grew into the Watergate scandal: * John W. Dean 3d, counsel to the President, who despite his key role in confessing misconduct and implicating others spent 127 days in prison for obstruction of justice in the Watergate cover-up - 97,000 pages.
When Morris's heavy investment in western lands flopped, he became bankrupt and for three years was held in debtor's prison in Philadelphia.
''You have to be surprised that we've gone 11 games without a loss and now are looking at first place, but if we come to play as a whole 20-guy unit, we can beat any team in the league.''
(1932); ''What Are We Gonna Do With All the Jeeps?''
Pamela J. arrived in Manhattan in the dead of winter in 1985 on a Greyhound bus, with a sick infant in her arms and five other children trailing behind her, all without warm clothes.
That would be the question.
The cabins may not be used overnight, but another section of the northern Gatineau is set aside for overnight camping a reasonable skiing distance from several of the 17 parking areas around the park.
Mrs. Nordle insists she is meticulous about checking references and even fingerprints her workers.
Last week, in another incident that provoked an outbreak of stone-throwing on the streets, a black drifter died in a scuffle with the police.
Motorola's vice chairman and chief operating officer, William J. Weisz, said the company was considering a plea agreement on some of the charges.
The ''basic rules'' of plot construction, to which this generation of writers was devoted, were ideological mirrors of a world viewed as equally well crafted.
Like a scattered few in other societies at war - the few who search for their own truth - Sana Hasan does not fit anywhere in the neat grid of definitions provided by that human organization we loosely call civilization.
The Seabrook share of the electric bill will range from a low of 6 percent in Littleton to a high of 54 percent in Hudson, a small central Massachusetts town that owns 1.33 percent of the Seabrook plant.
''We all knew it was a fine work, but that it was not totally there.
Several plants will be expanded, and Fujitsu Microelectronics Inc. of Japan has broken ground on a semiconductor plant in Gresham, a Portland suburb, which is expected to employ 2,800 people.
'' Daly knows what he's talking about: Davis's two free throws with one second remaining in overtime beat his team last week, ''When the game is on the line, we want the ball in Walter's hands.''
He conceded that the team is ''getting old,'' and that older players tend to gripe more.
How to lower your blood cholesterol level without drugs.
The rules in the election law were not created in North Hempstead or Nassau County.
To go beyond their Iceland summit meeting, Ronald Reagan and Mikhail Gorbachev have to retreat to where they were before that fateful meeting.
Now that Mr. Santucci has agreed to step aside, Mr. Maddox's implicit promise to cooperate with an outside prosecutor can be tested.
By deciding that the most flagrant offender doesn't merit the harshest possible penalty, the N.C.A.A.
Angered by the challenge, Mr. Garcia ordered his dismissal.
Ticket prices have gone up 12,000 percent since the turn of the century, and some multiplexed auditoriums feel no more spacious than Manhattan studio apartments.
In them, the fictional country bumpkins Frank Bartles and Ed Jaymes stumble through their seemingly home-made spots in a light send-up of advertising claims - an especially ironic one since Gallo is one of the most sophisticated and aggressive of consumer marketing companies.
She broke Rehe a third consecutive time and then closed out the set, once more not allowing Rehe a point.
Residential rents increased 1 percent during July, pushing the cost of shelter in the region up four-tenths of 1 percent.
But in early January 1986, Mr. Nir became involved on the Israeli side, replacing Mr. Nimrodi, Mr. Schwimmer and Mr. Kimche.
It promises to test the tolerance of the new state security service the United States has created to replace the old one that employed Mr. d'Aubuisson.
Swirling, turning this way and that, the crowd compacted into a knot that wove across the square, blocked by the police, but then popping through a lightly manned edge.
And yet ''That Night,'' for all the familiarity of its subject matter, is something new entirely.
In a couple more days, he'll feel like he's been here two months.''
''It's causing a hardship for even the well-managed institutions,'' said Jon B.
The most prominent spokesmen for this position are not candidates, namely Senator Edward M. Kennedy and Gov.
He credited Mr. Moses with having broken the regulatory logjam that stalled Frank Lloyd Wright's unusual design for the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum on Fifth Avenue.
The bride, a Phi Beta Kappa graduate of Miami University in Oxford, Ohio, is attending the Yale University Law School.
The wedding is to be July 18.
Henderson missed 28 games from May 30 through June 28, and the Yankees had a 16-12 record in his absence.
3.Immediately sprinkle the walnut-cocoa mixture over the penne.
The student government opposes such a ban.
''Nobody has any hard support in this race,'' Mr. Sears added.
* * * North and President REPRESENTATIVE LEE H. HAMILTON.
But Mr. Hu also had a brusque, impetuous personality that often brought him into conflict both with hard-liners in the party and some intellectuals, who found him uneducated.
The writer died in exile in Siberia in 1941 at the age of 46.
''It was not a sarong or a kilt, but a skirt,'' Mr. Farwell writes in the droll and authoritative tone he maintains throughout the narrative.
Pope John Paul II and Gen. Wojciech Jaruzelski discussed Poland's social problems as well as church-state relations at a long private meeting today, a Vatican communique said.
But the New Jersey decisions will have broad national impact as doctors, lawyers, judges and bewildered families seek guidance and precedent.
Lucy may have been madcap, but her furniture was French provincial.
Once, in Alice's apartment, I was so unhinged, so desperate in my desire to hide myself from my unbearable visions, that I actually tried to crawl into her fireplace.
The newcomers and main ingredients of their specialty noshes are: Don Mattingly, Yankees, sliced steak, French fries, $12.25; Gary Carter, Mets, salami, tongue, pastrami, $8.95; Lawrence Taylor, Giants, egg salad, bacon, $8.45; Phil Simms, Giants, chicken salad, bacon, $8.45, and Marv Albert, NBC Sports and MSG Network, corned beef, Swiss cheese, $9.45.
That strategy has succeeded with Yoo-Hoo, a chocolate-flavored, dairy-based, noncarbonated drink.
Given the problems the agency still had, he said, the format was potentially misleading and would likely soon be ignored.
And in the days since he began campaigning anew, he has not described his views with precision.
When I shook his hand, he said in his portentous voice: ''J'ai connu votre pere,'' and I was furious at myself because I could not keep the tears from welling in my eyes.
Carl Eifert, a spokesman for the conference, said the administrative board had the power to speak for the bishops between its annual meetings.
Yet the leading Paris couturiers are having a good season this fall, and it's not by being sedate.
The division is led by Mark F. Kessenich Jr., the former head of Citicorp's North American investment banking operations who joined Hutton last year, bringing several other key Citicorp officials with him.