The greatest growth in car and truck sales has been among high-end brands.
Proponents have said it will open the political process to more outsiders and save money, because runoffs cost taxpayers about $1.6 million each.
According to an assistant (though Trulock denies this), he once remarked: ''We need one good espionage case to make this program grow.
''He could sing 'Hello,' and it would be absolutely connected to his emotional core.
''Both sides can stake themselves to a strike, at least a brief one,'' Professor Cohen said.
He aestheticizes our ambivalence to the mixed blessings of life after ''the end of history.''
''There was a war for talent,'' she said.
German Engineering Company Fails Babcock Borsig, the German engineering company, became the fourth major German company to collapse this year after failing to persuade banks to advance it more cash and keep it afloat.
THERE are places in rural Connecticut so rich in history that unearthing the past, as Stanley Moroch discovered, is literally only a matter of digging.
Trigon assigns ''value ratings'' to more than 2,000 drugs and prepares a report analyzing the prescriptions written by each doctor every three months.
The cashmere scarves, a cross between a soccer shirt and a Roy Lichtenstein, were a swoon and a half.
TNT will show 52 regular-season games (nearly all as doubleheaders on Thursday nights), 45 early-round playoff games, a conference semifinal series and one conference finals series.
''We are entering a phase where nonadvertising-supported editorial has a real resonance with consumers,'' Mr. Kimball said.
Conner's team believes Davidson had blueprints all along.
The 1,366 seats convey the right to vote at exchange meetings and trade.
Ferry's responses to America, and especially to the East End, are less ironic and more poetic.
''They liked to take strong, uncompromising stands on very controversial issues, and that is what makes them newsworthy,'' said Merle Black, a political science professor at Emory University in Atlanta.
Few funds, no matter how poor their performance, failed to distribute capital gains, which are taxable to shareholders even if automatically reinvested.
An arbitrator has held off ruling on the union's grievance challenging the owners' attempt to eliminate two teams, and the two sides have been trying to resolve that dispute through negotiation.
Knowles and Nestor have reached 10 finals this season, including all three majors, and have won five tournaments.
I don't even think about it.
Second, there is the appearance or reality of a conflict of interest, and third, gift-giving can breed a feeling of inequity among teachers.''
''I was quite surprised,'' said the official, Dr. Jacques E. Rossouw, who is at the National Heart Lung and Blood Institute.
Once again we're told about his childishness, his mastery of a therapeutic vocabulary and his need to please.
The revised number ''was an adjustment based on operational needs,'' a Delta spokesman, John Kennedy, said on Monday.
After a fast start, Street finished 16th.
Moreover, no witnesses to the attack were ever found.
They now form a pillar of support for Mr. da Silva, who has promised to ease their plight.
Ruud Van Nistelrooy scored on a penalty kick four minutes into injury time, giving Manchester United a 1-1 tie at Nantes in the European Champions League.
''They absorb the whole crafting and sewing and hobby and home office trends.''
The movie, which opens today at Landmark's Sunshine Cinema (139-143 East Houston Street, Lower East Side), is, if anything, too conscientiously encyclopedic.
games, and the Storm is averaging 5,271.
This three- to six-foot-tall plant, rarely grown in American gardens, is treasured overseas, particularly in Scandinavia, where its fragrant, soft yellow blossoms open throughout long dusky summer nights.
Critics of cinéma vérité say the mere presence of a camera obviates reality, as does editing afterward.
Asked if rogue elements could commit such acts, he said, ''Yes, yes, it can always be that.''
''The great thing about hockey in our country is, everyone expects nothing but the best,'' Gretzky said.
''People come or call from all over,'' said Teudy Montalvo, the Bridgeport patrol officer in charge of the shelter.
Elmo flies to Liverpool, England, pursued by Dakota (Emily Mortimer), a sniper who works for the Lizard and whose ex-boyfriend Felix (Robert Carlyle) is Elmo's reluctant new business partner.
''It's very difficult to get investors interested in Brazil at this moment,'' said Luís Soares, a director of and partner in Eurovest, a brokerage firm in Rio de Janeiro.
This BASE gear manufacturer offers a Friday-to-Sunday BASE jumping course for those who have made 100 sky dives.
Beloved father of Priscilla (Michael Press), Jack (Betsy), Mary Kay (Chet Cobb), Didi, Joanie (Chris Carter), Tom and nine grandchildren.
In recent years, he bought a Porsche 911 and a Mercedes-Benz 320e, and started building an 11,000-square-foot mansion.
Growing enrollment and the retirement of baby-boom teachers will aggravate the need, as will a new federal law that bans unqualified teachers.
''Hey, baby, can you get me some coffee?''
And now others, playing catch up, are beginning to tap events into their PalmPilots.
You have to furnish your home, and the game itself offers a dazzling array of dining-room-table sets, recliners for every price point, party balloons and sconces.
But does preparing the state's budget take a full year?
Cast out of Mr. Nath's house and into the street, Pran finds shelter in a whorehouse, only to be dressed up as a girl and sold to the nawab of Fatehpur, who offers him to a pedophilic British official.
BILLS Guard Ruben Brown and tackle Jonas Jennings, who anchor the left side of Buffalo's offensive line, will miss Friday's game against Minnesota.
And invariably, the mistakes waste the merchants' money.
But the army's newspaper, and the country's other Chinese-language media, were conspicuously mute.
The doctors performed surgery to determine the extent of the tear, and the surgery revealed that it was not torn at all, but merely strained.
That is a hard emotion.''
Readers will react differently, but all will have to get used to it.
Opponents of that airport have vowed to fight in the courts as long as it takes to kill it.
''They exercised their prerogative and said they needed to go on.''
''We need to be establishing benchmarks and integrating the memorial process with the planning effort,'' said Marian Imperatore, chairwoman of the memorial process committee for the Civic Alliance to Rebuild Downtown New York, a group put together by the Regional Plan Association and other civic groups.
Then both dancers stretched out motionless and this altar increasingly became reminiscent of a pyre.
At the same meeting was Aileen Montoya, a seventh grader from Colombia, whose mother cleans houses.
''He really empowered us,'' Harriett D. Foy said.
Information: Richmond, (866) 264-7447, www.richmondtallships.ca; Seattle, (888) 281-2411, www.tallshipsseattle.org; San Francisco, (415) 447-9822, on the Web at www.sailsanfrancisco.org; Los Angeles (310) 548-7560, www.brigantines.com; and San Diego (619) 234-9153, extension 111, www.sdmaritime.org.
Western leaders say the bombing was meant to force Mr. Milosevic's army to end atrocities against the Kosovar Albanians.
Hades has got nothing on Palm Springs in the summer.
Sprout's drummer, Nick Marini, 21, lives on one side, while the drummer of Don't Smack Sally, Nick Alfonse, 16, lives with his family on the other.
Unimpressed look from Mr. Gittleman.
So Mr. Korovin showed them The Big Dictionary, Volume 1.
But they objected to a building on the waterfront, saying the two-acre strip is too small for both recreational and commercial uses.
The Constitution allows a president to call a vote at any time on ''issues of national importance'' and, as General Musharraf says again and again, there is no more important issue today than his policies and his continued leadership.
Now a New York institution, this zany festival, which ends Sunday, will present 12 dance programs this weekend at downtown theater spaces by companies from as far away as Zimbabwe (Iyasa) and Tokyo (Rakudo) and as near as New York City (Dagmar Spain's Dance Imprints; KDNY; Mark Hayes's Trunket Physical Theater; Eva Dean Dance; Theatron, Inc.; decadancetheater; Regina Nejman and Company; Phaithmoves; Venus Fly Trap; Interdisciplinary Arts Company and Clare Byrne Dance).
We had a lot of drunken impulse buys.''
Palm, a leading maker of hand-held computers, said yesterday that it had second-quarter net income of $3.52 million, its second profit in two years, as it cut costs, sending its shares up 11 percent after hours.
And if the local gold-rush-era hotels lack the creature comforts of those in Napa, they more than make up for it with tall tales of (mostly) friendly supernatural guests.
Rather, the aim of the tests on land was to learn more about how chemical and biological weapons would be affected by climate, environment and other combat conditions.
Both plans followed a series of articles in The New York Times about how the groups had, among other things, discouraged competition among medical suppliers and slowed the adoption of new medical technologies.
Mychal F. Judge, the sandal-shod fire chaplain with friends across New York, died at the World Trade Center 54 weeks ago, and has since become the center of a fervent following.
Sweetened hibiscus is an appealing mixer for vodka or rum cocktails; Jerri Banks, the bar manager at Cinnabar, mixes it with gin, lime juice, cassis and prosecco and calls it all a Global Blossom.
COSSE-W. James, Ph.D. On December 20, 2002.
''I hope that God will come to heal you and help you.''
But the deal was a transformation that played out at a deeply personal level as well, as Mr. Kopper publicly accepted that his future depended on abandoning his loyalty to his friend Mr. Fastow.
Lawrence G. Keane, general counsel for the National Shooting Sports Foundation, the gun industry trade association, dismissed the letter.
After growth in lending of 70 percent a year to finance the purchase of stocks, office buildings and hotels, more than a quarter of Malaysia's bank loans slipped into default.
''Like the question of 'Where were you on 9/11?'
Why would I struggle here?
She seems to be having outrageous fun with creations like these: baked lemon pudding with candied lemon jam, and a cornmeal almond cake accompanied by a medley of roasted peaches, apricots and berries with zabaglione.
''Party cadres used to get respect, but now they are often looked down upon.
''We are at a stage where things are irreversible, and we are happy for it,'' Mr. Mugabe said in the Herald interview.
An article on April 3 about the start of jury selection in the trial of Michael Skakel, a nephew of Ethel Kennedy, on charges that he murdered a neighbor when they were teenagers misstated his marital status and residence in some copies.
Mr. Brimberg erased the 1919 Warren & Clark front and rebuilt it in stucco into something like the original 1869 design.
The documents quoted in The Courant showed that Cardinal Egan, in relocating priests under suspicion of abuse, was acting in the tradition of his predecessor, Bishop Curtis, who died in 1997.
Others said they believed that the administration was forging ahead with efforts to depose Mr. Hussein because the first Bush administration failed to do so in 1991.
''I think 'Law & Order' is a great show,'' said Bill Guttentag, a co-creator and executive producer of ''Crime & Punishment,'' who first came up with the idea of a real-life ''Law & Order.''
Fourteen stories by an Australian who invests his space in satire, not character; in one story people hold races on the partitions of their office cubicles, while in another a conceptual artist offers to document the existence of everyone alive.
This is the kind of place where you will see a college girl trying to buy a $2.25 glass of Natural Light on tap with her credit card -- and have her card denied.
These need no improvements and neither does wild salmon: no hollandaise, no mayo, no mustard.
For more information: Carson National Forest Supervisory Office; (505) 758-6200.
At the moment, he is riding high, and issues like the environment do not loom large.
By the end of the decade, he said, the Pentagon should have new choices for missions assigned to air power.
Mr. Cuomo would spotlight places that had been ''left behind in the new economy,'' and he would argue that it was precisely when the economy was surging and the budget surplus was huge that the U.S. should find creative and effective ways to invest in those sections of the country that were hurting.
This more public kind of tone was certainly more in tune with the national goals during the darkest year of World War II.
In return, lenders would receive the right to purchase shares in Berkshire Hathaway.
An index above 50 signifies growth in manufacturing, while a figure below that shows contraction.
''We have been running the campaign in a completely appropriate way,'' Leo F. Mullin, the chairman of Delta, said Thursday.
Moments later, an obviously stunned Ms. Channing won an Emmy for her role as Judy Shepard, the mother of Matthew Shepard, in the NBC movie ''The Matthew Shepard Story.''
After baking the tian, I drizzle it with a slick of butter beaten with a little stock.
''I'm reliving my second childhood, and it sure is fun.''
It is a ritual woven into our lives as ''their stories'' become ours, a mirror that not only reflects matters of civic concern, that packs a wallop as a crime show and is wittier than most (streetwise suspects with ''priors'' know the angles and how to deal better than any law student), but also serves as a template in which we vicariously act out and perhaps exorcise little conflicts of our own.
The publishing house is Grove Atlantic, and the writer is Charles Frazier, whose first and only novel, ''Cold Mountain,'' was a literary tale published in 1997 that sold like a romance or a thriller: 1.5 million copies in hardcover, 1.3 million in Vintage paperback.
But later there was a ''a public backlash, especially from men,'' says Anne Rogers Clark, a breeder of Spice Girl and the president of the Poodle Club of America.
Paterson has long been one of the state's most impoverished communities -- it is New Jersey's third poorest city as well as its third largest.
''I've never believed,'' Mr. Glynn said, ''that there's going to be a person or a group or a family sitting on a sofa watching a TV show, and up in the corner of the screen is a little meter, and someone jumps up and says, 'Look, the power price has just dropped, let's turn the washer on.'
Alfred Butts died in 1993, and two years later, the city's Landmarks Preservation Commission installed a plaque at the Community Methodist Church (which still has a Scrabble club) to commemorate the invention of the game and unveiled the numbers on the street sign.
He said he did not want to put pressure on Shockey.
The notoriety of any crime should never be elevated by abandoning the principles of justice that we, as civilized citizens, should always treasure as dearly as life itself.
The director presents the attitudes and the events leading to the horrible clash with a tense, self-aware propulsion -- it's like a Brechtian newsreel.
But associates say he later fell out with Ahmad Shah Massoud, a Northern Alliance military commander, over allegations that Mr. Rahman was living an un-Islamic life, including drinking alcohol and partying with women.
''Our free cash flow generation is actually strong,'' he said, ''and our capitalization policies are conservative, not only in accordance with GAAP.''
The average passer-by might not notice anything unusual from outside the Enron headquarters, but inside the building seems less cramped.
He said the district Mr. Schneiderman had represented was different from the new 31st Senate District.
Even Mr. Muluzi's critics acknowledge that Malawi is much freer than it was under Dr. Banda.
To the Editor: Re ''Billy Graham Responds to Lingering Anger Over 1972 Remarks on Jews'' (news article, March 17): The Rev.
Citing Justice Department rules, he declined to say whether he would investigate.
I said to Mary, 'I hope I'm one step away from FTD.'
The fourth, taken from the 1996 N.B.A.
Which apparently meant that, unlike Mr.
Although the mind-set of the sexually inquisitive teenage boy dominates American popular culture, it isn't that easy to replicate.
As a cash register rings, the voice continues, ''Carolyn McCarthy calls her a contributor.''
Skip the forgettable red bean and green tea and try either the mango or the dense, creamy Indian kulfi studded with pistachios.
''My father was a lover of country and western,'' he said.
The creation of the state of Israel and the development and growth of Conservative Judaism were perfect fodder for weekly sermons and a multitude of study sessions and discussion groups.
They had two years to prepare, raising contributions of money and equipment and accumulating budgets of up to $500,000.
The party votes are not binding on the government.
Judge Korman gave the government three weeks to complete its investigation.
Shirley Strum Kenny, the president of Stony Brook, declared the student government invalid last month.
Japan has also been reluctant to endorse the Bush administration's policy on Iraq.
Previously Dr. Waksal had balked at a sentence of at least seven years that prosecutors were seeking.
''They're not revolted by him.
Last season, Richter's salary was $6 million.
Then, with a dose of skepticism, he added that it seemed unlikely they were ''hiding in the barrooms and engaging in a conspiracy to drive prices up.''
Dallager, when asked whether it was true that standards were lowered for athletes, responded with carefully chosen words.
We have domesticated these animals.
Banana Legs was even worse; what little flavor it did have was bad.
He's always got something up his sleeve, but you'll never know.
To get back in the game, Mr. Rose would have to admit that he bet on his team, demonstrate a reconfigured life and dedicate himself to public service on behalf of baseball.
But Republican leaders are hoping that the last-minute switch in which Mr. Lautenberg replaced Senator Robert G. Torricelli will bring out an army of irate voters.
She had congestive heart failure, a friend, Paula Giddings, said.
The players association gave its approval for the games yesterday, reaching agreement with Major League Baseball on a series of additional benefits for the Montreal players.
If anything, Mr. Williams seems as if he's seeking to do penance, in his case, for the saccharine ''Patch Adams.''
Tickets, $35; $33 in advance.
Tennis and golf players should spend less time fretting and more time in the weight room and more time in accelerated conditioning.
To the Editor: Re ''House Backs Broad Change in Financing of Campaigns; Fast Senate Action Sought'' (front page, Feb. 15): Now that the campaign finance reform bill will, one hopes, become law, wouldn't it be a good idea to follow up with some additional pre-election reforms?
The Red Velvet Swing Old Time Photos (36 East Broadway; 307-733-6467) offers costumes and sets to help you immortalize your poker-playing, pistol-waving, whiskey-drinking saloon days.
NEW JERSEY PERFORMING ARTS CENTER Mos Def, rap artist, and Karen Bernod, soul and blues vocalist.
''My fear is you are actually understating the symbolism of and effect of the burning cross,'' he said, adding, ''I think what you're attempting to do is fit this into our jurisprudence rather than stating more clearly what the cross was intended to accomplish.''
''The president is concerned about reports from Afghanistan that innocent lives were lost in the conduct of joint U.S.-Afghan military operations in Oruzgan Province,'' the White House spokesman, Ari Fleischer, said in the statement.
These soldiers are stranded for several days in late 1944 in the Italian town of Bornacchi.
A Connecticut man was killed yesterday after his truck rolled off the back of a ferry and plunged into Long Island Sound, officials said.
B1 Albany Deal on Women's Health The State Senate and Assembly have come to terms on a bill that would require insurers to cover a range of women's health services, like birth control and mammograms, officials said.
Do you plan to launch a full-fledged national direct-broadcast satellite provider?
Where to eat, drink and get some sun Getting There Zihuatanejo and Ixtapa are served by Aeroméxico, Alaska Airlines, America West, Continental and Mexicana.
She owns Oestreicher Medical Communications, a business in Manhattan that produces medical education programs.
''The union effectively shut down the terminals coastwide with their actions today,'' said Jason Greenwald, a spokesman for the shipping companies.
In December, the Council of Ministers approved the ''Moses'' project, a system of 79 panels that would lie flat on the floor of the Venetian lagoon in normal seas and swing up on great hinges during extremely high tides to form a protective wall at each of the lagoon's three openings to the sea.
On that block, Osamu Kawahara runs what could be considered a pleasant New York accommodation.
Ms. Marone, who now runs a 22-member coven in Essex County called the Coven of Sherwood, says her mother finally accepted her religious beliefs, though she is met with consternation from strangers.
An Andersen lawyer recommended that Mr. Duncan delete from his memorandum ''language that might suggest we have concluded the release is misleading.''
CHEE PEARLMAN ''Milan in a Van'' runs through June 9.
''I wasn't sure how I was going to feel about that,'' said Ms. Wolfe, a Bang on a Can composer whose spiky, dissonant works have quickly become an Ethel specialty.
The bulk of the money feeding charitable funds for former Enron employees has come from politicians anxious to purge themselves of what Mary Matalin, the counselor to Vice President Dick Cheney, termed ''guilt by contribution,'' or who simply feel that it is appropriate to return donations from people who have fallen on hard times.
Perhaps inspired by Moroccan cooking, which frequently blends savory and sweet, they lose few opportunities to mix fruit or sweetness into sauces, not always successfully.
Mr. Forrester turns out to be an engaging and intelligent businessman, a moderately conservative Republican whose public record pales next to Mr. Lautenberg's.
He proudly described himself as ''the first enemy of Muslims'' and posed with a three-pointed trident -- actually a vicious-looking knife -- that each Bajrang Dal member is given.
Even as far back as 1992, Dick Cheney, then the secretary of defense, called it ''a program that I don't need.''
But it demonstrated just how far the Colts have to go.
The movement of the missiles has been part of heightened activity by Iraqi air defenses inside the two zones, where Iraqi military aircraft are prohibited from flying.
A Sacramento Superior Court judge set bail for William and Emily Harris at $1 million each today while they await trial on charges of killing a Carmichael woman in a 1975 bank robbery.
''He's a charming guy, I must say, and I hope that this is not the result of being too concentrated on his relationship,'' said Chu Mei-fong, 28, a secretary.
Less than a minute later, Barnaby took the taunting to a new level after Nedved's 18th goal of the season gave the Rangers' their fourth one-goal lead.
In the late 1990's Rudy Crew, then New York City's schools chancellor, took exception to this lack of attention to high school reforms.
US Airways has already reached agreements with its pilots and flight attendants for concessions that would save about $550 million a year.
''I love the way they set up golf courses here in the summer.
The earnings report was issued after the close of trading.
''The fact of the matter is we were not thorough with our research and we made a mistake,'' Johnson said.
an exhibition of early 19th century circus and menagerie advertisements, is on view through May 31 at the Museum of the Early American Circus, run by the historical society.
An Immigration Department spokesman said thousands of Indonesians had been arrested last weekend.
They probably also expected to keep up with their French and stay in touch with their roommates, but life has a way of paring priorities.
But, he said, Follonico had become an all-or-nothing burden: either continue doing everything himself -- cooking, buying the wine, ordering the food and overseeing the staff -- or move on.
Mr. Gibson's company admitted taking $349,000 from the Irvington schools by billing them for work not done and double billing for other work.
In one, four grinning girls hold a fifth to the ground as if kidding around for a class photograph.
The grounds are choked with garbage and reek of waste.
Last night, next week and next month.
At last, he plays the Berceuse Op.
''Before when people from out of state wanted to teach in the city they generally went to private schools because those schools could give them money for all their experience, but the public schools couldn't.
After entering a tournament and gaining the finals against the favored Evil Team, Chow and his buddies must win a phantasmagoric shootout that has more to do with Harry Potter than Ronaldo.
Last month, SL Green sealed a deal to buy a Times Square building, 1515 Broadway, where Viacom is the major tenant.
Secretary Powell's comments were made in testimony before the Senate Budget Committee as the administration approached a decision about how to dislodge Mr. Hussein.
Paul R. Shanley, who was transferred to St. Anne Parish in the city of San Bernardino, and later to New York, from Newton, Mass., despite accusations in the Boston area that he had sexually molested children there.
Americans who've lost their jobs need our help.
Six scrolls with scenes from the ''Tales of Genji'' illustrate a story about suppressed eroticism from a surveilance-like overhead perspective, so that even scenes of private reverie have a voyeuristic tension (Cotter).
Senator Murkowski, who has been stuck in Washington while his opponent travels from village to village, is eager for Congress to end its session.
Several provinces have begun introducing private clinics, stimulating a debate in Parliament over whether to reinforce the existing system or totally revamp it.
A Question of Age From the start, there was concern among scientists that mammograms did not work as well for women in their 40's, whose denser breasts make tumors harder to spot and who are much less likely than older women to have breast cancer in the first place.
The Lady Monarchs (23-5), unbeaten in league play during the regular season, led by 31-26 at halftime and scored 16 of the first 18 points in the final 20 minutes.
Each installment was, in essence, a mini-movie.
Aside from Ms. Williams, the current cast includes the veteran character actor John McMartin as the narrator, Laura Benanti as Cinderella, Gregg Edelman as a prince, Stephen DeRosa as the baker, Mary Louise Burke as Jack in the Beanstalk's mother and Pamela Myers, who sang ''Another Hundred People'' in the original cast of ''Company,'' as Cinderella's stepmother.
Well, without all those fine briefcase-carrying commuters, my friend, New York wouldn't even have a mergers and acquisitions business.
New Name, Same Old Post Office The Post Office Group in Britain changed its name to Consignia last year.
Mathis, acquired by New Orleans in a trade with the Dallas Cowboys before the 2000 season, injured his neck making a tackle Dec. 30 against Washington and did not play in the final regular-season game against San Francisco.
His father, William Zondler, a communications executive, died at age 44 while traveling on business.
Milwaukee seemed intent on breaking up its Big Three of Ray Allen, Sam Cassell and Robinson; that combination failed to get the Bucks into the playoffs last season after taking them to the Eastern Conference finals the year before.
More precisely, they are reclaiming and refashioning their traditions in order to move on.''
He will be deeply missed.
The first book was followed in 1984 by the editor's memoir, ''DV.''
Most projects the high-energy entertainment of a circus through static symbols and minimal detail, never advancing his imagery beyond the simple and magical.
From a distance, surveying row after row of markers, we see the scale and heroism and sacrifice of the young.
Duval, a winner at Callaway Gardens two years ago, was 3 over after his first five holes and rallied for a 73.
''Over the last 10 years or so, they are learning more from us than we are learning from them,'' said Mr. Perrier, who came to this country from France as a 23-year-old cooking prodigy.
Boon's curries ($6.95), which she makes with a far thinner sauce than what's become standard at most Thai places, but with no less flavor.
So the big serious psychosexual issues have to be compressed into a couple of (pretty weird) dramatic scenes.
Into History A lock of George Washington's hair.
''It ranks third, behind Los Angeles and Chicago,'' and its industrial properties are dominated by warehouse and distribution facilities, rather then heavy manufacturing.
''It may be that what we want Merrill to do is more substantial than what others are thinking of,'' Mr. Spitzer said.
He said that ''the president looks forward to going to Africa'' (how patronizing can you be?)
''They are all searching for the necklace that's around their necks,'' he said of the Woodstock generation.
Thalomid is approved only to treat leprosy, but the bulk of its sales are generated from cancer-related uses, a phenomenon known as off-label prescribing.
It was a ceremony, Mr. Prosper said, ''that we felt there was no need for us to attend, and there was no role for us to play.''
Those lawyers, who included both plaintiff and defense attorneys, said the company's true responsibility was much greater.
Although it lost Hamilton over the winter to the CSC team from Denmark, it is mostly a veteran ensemble that knows how to ride for the favorite in the Tour.
A good idea would have been for Congress to have the advice of the President's Council on Bioethics, a group of 18 respected deep thinkers on the subject.
Whaley is the first woman to reach a PGA Tour event through qualifying.
Critics complained that supermarket executives and factory farms had left shoppers with no choice but a stale cardboard apple.
The system came into general use in the United States in some 1997-model luxury cars.
The Mint Theater Company in Midtown Manhattan performed it in 1999.
These are just the connections that have been fully disclosed to investors.
''I've got ties that are older than you,'' one borough commander told Mr. Madonia in lieu of a welcome.
Cooper, a five-time All-Star first baseman for the Brewers, spent five years in the team's front office before moving into the dugout last season as Jerry Royster's bench coach.
Another major change was comedy itself.
Yet we have learned in the past year that the development corporation needs to be watched closely, every step of the way.
He recommended the design specifications and oversaw each step in the plane's assembly.
The result is a ''masterpiece of biographical and historical analysis'' and a ''compelling drama about the power of fearless cerebration,'' Sylvia Nasar wrote in the Book Review earlier this year.
And now she is obsessed with Jack the Ripper, who terrorized the East End of London from August to November 1888, murdering and disemboweling prostitutes.
The Beirut police chief, the education and justice ministers, and a senior official of the teachers' union -- all Muslims -- emphasized that the attack was not related to Christian-Muslim tensions.
Every dollar that you put down on something -- the whole rent -- you're thinking about how many sales you have to do.
''Even with the benefits of bank assistance, asset sales, cost-cutting and more attractive stores, Daiei must overcome the challenges posed by the weak Japanese economy and fierce competition in the retail sector to be able to meet all its future financial commitments,'' said Daisuke Fukutomi, an analyst at Standard & Poor's, which is expected to lower Daiei's already poor credit rating another notch.
Ms. Courthan said she had recommended that Ms. Clinton be hospitalized that day because she seemed delusional and suicidal, but that an administrator had blocked the request.
He eventually ran the export division, and began writing articles about the export business for trade journals.
Harriet Packer, widow of a fur dealer, William S. Packer, offered $65,000 for a replacement structure -- as long as it was designed by Minard Lafever.
It is the director's first picture to play in the Toronto festival, but it's not the first time he has attended.
And so people are talking quietly here about a Wilsonian project for reshaping the whole Middle East, a plan comparable in its ambition to those for Europe in 1919 and 1949.
Nearly three-quarters of New Yorkers said they held a favorable opinion of him, including nearly half of all blacks.
The airline's collapse dented the reputation of Mr. Mühlemann, 51, once a leading star on the Swiss business scene.
Chubb's Indian venture, called HDFC Chubb General Insurance Ltd., would focus on automobile, accident and household insurance policies.
Experts said snatch-and-run cases remained rare.
''The agencies have had increasingly blurred lines of jurisdiction in terms of which will review a merger,'' Mr. Rill said, ''and this would provide clarification to the process.
formula, which combines poll average, computer-ranking average, schedule strength, losses and quality victories.
Talking recently in Chelsea's gallery district, Ms. Sarandon was quick to share the credit.
''I'm interested in clothes, not fashion,'' Adrover says, lighting a Marlboro Light.
In these new times, I would hope that they turn their attention toward creating sustainable livelihoods in a context with ecosystems that are also sustained.
''Medical research has moved so fast that many people just have not been able to keep up.'
The vital thing about Ellington was his reaction, or lack of one, to the camera.
They keep him away from the rush, and he can throw on the run.''
Look for the brut's pear and citric flavors, the rosé's tea-rose aroma and pinot noir weight.
The three then traveled to Ms. Loschin's house in Farmingdale, N.Y. On Aug. 10, while the couple were at a Home Depot, the teenager called the police in her hometown with her cellphone.
Isolating addiction from its cousins pokes a deep hole into parity.
''We are so sorry for every innocent killed in that operation,'' he said.
With Soriano, an unassuming 24-year-old whose enthusiasm is visible in every stride he takes, it is not outrageous to believe that it actually took a boisterous fan to alert him about the chances of winning the most glamorous award in baseball.
He understands politics will occasionally flare up, but I think it's come and it's gone, from his point of view.''
Dynegy also plans on an initial stock offering of Dynegy Energy Partners, a partnership set up to own operations that process and distribute natural gas liquids.
''It is a phony, bogus, red herring issue that has no place in a presidential race,'' he said, ''because there is nothing the president of the United States is going to do with respect to this issue.''
After Abraham made the Pro Bowl at defensive end with 13 sacks last season, Cottrell thought Abraham could be good enough to break Michael Strahan's sack record.
Blood jumping from her chest wound, like a heavy red frog.''
How do you break through?
''You could marry a woman with a flawlessly even face,'' one doctor said, ''and wind up with someone who four months later looked like a Shar-Pei.''
No Alsatian would have owned up to this calamity.
Rick Anderson scored 13, the freshman Hassan Adams 10 and Isaiah Fox 10.
Is this potato salad with cucumber or cucumber salad with potato?
Old Westbury Golf & Country Club Frank D'Ambrosio, President Charles Baraf, Secretary
And their views as well, according to Dr. Gramm.
in the next 45 days to try to understand the agency's reasoning and what new trials would be needed.
At the Bedford Hills Correctional Facility, where she has spent almost 13 years, Ms. White's clear brown eyes filled with tears when she daydreamed for a minute recently, as prisoners do at this time of the year, about what she would say to Gov.
America needs a sound energy policy that recognizes the economic, environmental and energy security benefits of renewable energy sources.
''But if he wants to sell the land and have it preserved, that's commendable.''
At that point, Omar says, he was still most worried that all this would somehow affect his credit rating.
''The government and I had a gentleman's agreement: Help us, they told me, and we won't forget you.
The presence of all of these men at the wedding of Mr. Bahaji has led investigators to believe that the plan to attack the United States had essentially been formed by then, a bit under two years before Sept. 11, 2001.
And her spiny feminism is celebrated with an unveiled disdain for those who underestimated her because of her sex.
Duke had planned to open five plants in 2003, and construction on three of those has been suspended, Harvey Padewer, Duke's group president for energy services, said in a presentation at an energy conference in New York.
Karen Sack, an analyst at Standard & Poor's, points to the stock's huge run-up this year.
It is more difficult to do so if you step back a bit and survey the bigger economic picture.
Some two miles of boardwalks, trails and viewing platforms lead through alder stands, cattails and over open water.
In 2000, there were 98,000 New Jersey acres cultivated in soybeans that, almost 45 acres for every acre of an organic crop.
A Mass will be celebrated on Friday, December 6 at St. Paul's Church, 214 Nassau Street, Princeton, NJ.
The final episode, which tells the story of Britain in the 20th century through Winston Churchill and George Orwell, becomes a meditation on the nature of history.
''EVERY single victim lost a body part used in cooking,'' says the F.B.I.
In early 1921, Klee joined the Bauhaus, the new State School of Art and Design in Weimar, Germany, which was founded by the architect Walter Gropius and would soon include Kandinsky among its teachers.
Lackey retired 13 of the last 14 hitters he faced.
But, the bride said, ''I want to change my lifestyle a bit,'' hinting that she hopes to model maternity fashions by this time next year.
Kimberly Downing of the University of Cincinnati reported that after Sept. 11, people polled in the Cincinnati area were able to define what they meant by freedom more specifically.
She uses both her voice and violin to bring a surreal theatricality to songs that draw on minimalism, jazz and traditional music and often tell unlikely stories.
It discusses when to prune, mulch, fertilize and tend the lawn under drought conditions.
Still, he could never shake his image as a bad fielder.
The league, now in its third year, has expanded to six teams and provides domestic off-season competition for players in the W.N.B.A.
The complicated romantic lives of triplets named Faith, Hope and Charity.
Ms. Joseph, who has crusaded relentlessly over the last decade for the state to mandate explicit instruction in phonics, contends that the alternative, whole language instruction, left too much to each teacher's ability and imagination, with resulting gaps in children's preparation for reading.
Bill Barber was fired as coach of the Philadelphia Flyers yesterday, one day after players blamed him for a first-round collapse in the playoffs for the second straight year.
''It's taken an incredible perfect storm to force the auditing industry to change,'' Mr. Coffee said.
The data moves as a burst of nasty sound.)
The guests include an American film producer (Mr. Balaban) and the matinee idol Ivor Novello (Mr. Northam).
One plan calls for an express roadway to be submerged from Chambers Street through Battery Park, while allowing local traffic to continue to use a smaller West Street adjacent to the site.
Ms. Garber grew up in Valley Stream, N.Y., the daughter of an engineering professor and a hospital administrator.
This funny, bizarre object is by a young English artist, Edward Lipski.
The company is part of ABN Amro Holding, the Dutch bank.
In the 2000-01 academic year, a record 154,168 American college students studied abroad, a 7.4 percent increase from the previous year and more than double the number in 1991-92.
He had a 1.22 earned run average over his final seven starts, and he said it was much easier to locate his fastball, especially on the outside corner.
According to some courtiers, her parents tried to make up for it by indulging her.
''I have to approach the first three rounds now in a different light,'' said Mickelson, who is ranked No.
Typically, when asked why he doesn't say that they are wrong, he replies that he is not an Islamic scholar.
I was 9 years old.
Mike Stanton relieved Weaver, and the Blue Jays loaded the bases on a four-pitch walk and two singles.
It does not affect the overall way we value him.''
Yesterday, Mr. Smith and his lawyers filed court papers asking a federal judge to ban all workers from the building until an independent test can be completed to determine, once and for all, whether there are any anthrax spores still inside.
The partnership viewed the structural biology center as a helpful element in its biotechnology plan, and a member of its staff, Willa Appel, started the center and became its chief operating officer.
The three settlements came to light because of a filing last week in United States District Court in Brooklyn.
We know the families, and we can't understand why this was done and for what purpose,'' said Yitzhak Swita, the settlement secretary.
The Mets will secure disability insurance on Astacio that will most likely not cover his shoulder.
An estimated 300,000 Americans now infected got the disease from a transfusion before 1990.
About 20 years ago, my mother, a woman who puts more than 70 strings of white lights on her Christmas tree each year and who once insisted on hanging a stocking for the goldfish, decided to become frugal and make everybody pickles as their presents.
Clemens did not pick up a ball during the Yankees' light workout at Camden Yards this morning, but he is on schedule to throw in the bullpen on Thursday and start again at Yankee Stadium on Sunday against the Tampa Bay Devil Rays.
Though they played inefficiently against Seattle on Sept. 22, they still won at home.
Still, as Mr. Heneghan said, ''900 buses a day in what is still only a small city is a pretty decent influx of tourists daily, all spending real money.''
''We need to recognize that as more people are better educated, live longer and stay healthy longer, older persons can and do make greater contributions to society than ever before,'' Mr. Annan told the delegates.
Georgia settled for a 25-yard field goal and the 13-12 halftime lead.
Last season, Dawe, 29, had 28 goals and 37 assists in 79 games.
With urgent need, Aleisha Johnson started to go in but retreated before she cleared the threshold.
Some factories closed, the Israeli media reported.
For that reason, he added, Saudi Arabia has worked closely with the United States to track down terrorist financing and interrogate terrorist suspects.
Lower East Side Memories THURSDAY -- A dinner at the Ritz-Carlton Battery Park will raise money for educational programs and exhibitions of the Lower East Side Tenement Museum.
Is it ethical to sell a friend of the friend the land, knowing he'll use it as a club?
Should the association remain the tough-minded, generous extended professional family it has long been?
The White House argues that the action this week will strengthen its hand for the next round.
teams in eight seasons and was a key role player on the Chicago Bulls' 1996-97 championship team.
But the College Board trustees took the first step on Thursday by asking the staff for recommendations on revising the three-hour verbal and math test.
In the amended complaint, the S.E.C.
The unranked Terps may have stolen the conference title from Florida State last year, ending the Seminoles' nine-year championship streak, but Maryland has yet to beat the Seminoles in 13 meetings.
The weak job market increases the odds that the Federal Reserve will leave interest rates unchanged when its policy-setting committee meets next week, analysts said.
Shannon's public school teachers are no doubt surprised to see her running a business and working out a financial plan.
''All I spent was $8,000 last Christmas,'' he says.
More recently, she added, ''there's been a prohibition against voicing ambivalence about mothering.''
A survey of members showed that while most had voted for Mr. Reagan, even more indicated strong disapproval of Mr. Watt.
Directed by Ron Howard (PG-13, 129 minutes).
It wasn't so long ago that attending a Sandra Bernhard show was to take your life in your hands, so to speak.
In the Muslim world, action against Iran would add weight to the belief that the United States is primarily interested in advancing an Israeli agenda at the expense of regional stability.
We may run out of time.
As for the age groups of the people made ill, the average age of patients in the first two years that West Nile virus caused infections in the United States was about 66, and last year it was 70, said Dr. Stephen M. Ostroff, a senior official of the disease control centers.
It is not a pretty picture.
One executive who did business with Ms. Grubman prearrest said he stopped afterward because of the tabloid notoriety that followed, which seemed in direct proportion to the glossy high profile Ms. Grubman had cultivated before her troubles.
The defensive performance has also given rise to a number of uncomfortable questions.
He was accused of trying to establish a cell for Al Qaeda in the West Bank, though the details of the charges have not been made public.
The Gators (5-3) were ranked in the top 10 early in the season, but were knocked off balance by losses to Miami, Mississippi and Louisiana State.
A handful of people argued against the settlement, including Charlotte Ryer, one of the original plaintiffs in the lawsuit.
C1 Power Swap Raises Concerns Hoping to avoid a restatement of its first-quarter earnings, the El Paso Corporation entered into a questionable trade of long-term power contracts with Morgan Stanley, one of its investment bankers, said people who have examined the transaction.
''The correct term is consumers, not housewives!''
Since seriously injuring his left shoulder in a paper mill accident at the end of 1999, he had been on disability.
What Levine does argue, quite effectively, is that a lot of what teenagers are taught about sex these days makes it seem like a dangerous, dirty business -- a message quite different from that of not only, say, the free-spirited 1970's but of the strait-laced 1950's as well, if movies like ''A Summer Place'' are any indication.
He lived a joyous and wonderful life and was grateful for its many blessings.
The shower, built at a cost of about $5,000, is made from traditional local materials like stucco, tile and stone and is tucked into a wind-protected corner beside a terrace.
Autism is a relatively new diagnosis, first identified by Leo Kanner in 1943.
While he will be missed tremendously, we can cherish the indelible mark he left on our institution.
It recouped its investment there in seven and a half weeks; to date, its estimated profit is nearly $10 million.
Ms. Wiedenmann said she used the site for a unit on immigration.
REBOUNDS A week ago, Coach BYRON SCOTT was asked what a 2-0 lead in the Charlotte series would mean.
''They set the problem and then solve it,'' he said.
During or after a storm, he cannot protect all of the billowing material from the elements.
''He was married five times that I know of, four times I can prove and as many as seven times to hear my relatives talk.''
A blast like the one in Bali, and the travel warnings that followed, will keep away not only tourists but also foreign investors.
His co-star is to be the Ukrainian soprano Maria Guleghina, the leading lady of his Verona ''Ballo,'' his Met ''Tosca'' and other memorable outings.
To paraphrase a lyric in ''Born to Be Wild,'' the Steppenwolf song that fuels the soundtrack of ''Easy Rider'' and could be Mr. Nicholson's anthem, the actor keeps his motor running.
This American remake of a famous Japanese suspense film is about an urban legend that has come to life: whenever a mysterious, unlabeled videotape is run, its unlucky viewer gets a phone call just after seeing it.
Jermaine Dearman was outstanding for the Salukis (27-7), scoring 17 points and grabbing 11 rebounds.
Suddenly there must have been a thousand people screaming her name.
The broker, Chung Wu, of PaineWebber's Houston office, sent a message to clients early on Aug. 21 warning that Enron's ''financial situation is deteriorating'' and that they should ''take some money off the table.''
The head of the Catholic church needs to speak out forcefully, both to comfort the faithful and to assure all people that he understands the seriousness of the problem.
He remembered that some firefighters ''thought they might want to clean them up and have them laminated.''
Dr. Robert Kornhaber, a psychologist with the Behavior Therapy Center in Millburn, N.J., offered a tongue-in-cheek appraisal of these extraordinarily diligent sales seekers.
The total cost was around $1 billion, or 0.2 percent of gross domestic product.
I was told in no uncertain terms that I was not to tell anyone about the bounced check.
At first glance, Mr. Erdogan might seem an unlikely ally.
Roosevelt is perhaps best known these days for its troubled school district, the first to be taken over by the state, but local officials have long known that Roosevelt's lack of a commercial tax base was at the core of the school district's problems.
Laviolette said his players might have felt sorry for themselves.
Is it art or an unusually compelling demonstration of new technology?
Fleury later said the conversation was with McCarty, not Avery.
Many major highways now have rumble strips on the right side of the road to awaken drifting drivers.
OUTLOOK: Not another 15 straight losses like last season, but still plenty more losses to bear in Fox's first season.
SEATTLE STORM--Activated G Jamie Redd from the injured list.
Mr. Rey of the Forest Service said the Bush administration had no plans to require more fire prevention as a condition of government help.
The next six spots will go to the remaining fastest cars from the two days of time trials, and the rest of the lineup will be filled by provisional starters based on last year's car-owner points.
She fills her small plastic bucket and wanders in search of a private spot on the tracks where she can hoist her sari and squat in peace.
Bills Price 99.563 99.039 High Rate 1.730 1.900 Investment Rate 1.760 1.946 Low Rate 1.69% 1.83% Median Rate 1.71% 1.88% Total applied for $42,792,237 $38,002,906 Accepted $23,913,118 $20,846,098 Noncompetitive $1,438,237 $1,087,195 Both issues are dated May 23.
The bride and bridegroom met in the fall of 1987, in their sophomore year at the Brooks School in North Andover, Mass., and fell in love when they were paired for a game of Pictionary and gleefully cheated their way to victory.
Le Pen was regarded as a spent force.
Mr. Dunn also plans to testify that while the company was aggressively lobbying California officials to deregulate the state's electricity market, and promising big benefits for consumers, Enron documents showed that the company's ''internal predictions do not appear to support'' these ''hyperbolic promises.''
This will not be one of the most glamorous free-agent classes of all time, but the list of eligible players has some interesting names.
A new collection of flat-weave wool rugs offers variations in stripes and colors.
So while the number of workers in all occupational categories collecting benefits rose 56 percent, the number of professionals jumped 120 percent, making theirs the second-largest category of unemployed workers (in 2000, that position was held by clerical workers).
''In New York they throw food at you over the counter.
As Mr. Hussman said: ''Adversity brings about a lot of good things.
Last month the Supreme Court agreed to hear a Bush administration defense of the Children's Internet Protection Act, the federal law requiring schools and libraries to use filters on computers used by children or to lose technology money.
Manager Joe Torre had strongly hinted that the Yankees would be cautious and place him on the list.
With respect to those blues, tens of millions of women are troubled by them, the author says.
But when the therapist became momentarily distracted, Kristie reverted immediately to her own language of bings and beeps, squeals and screeches and to her private, special world.
Kennedy has also made a good decision regarding a pitfall of many highly sought pro prospects.
The political opposition in Pakistan blamed President Pervez Musharraf for failing to prevent the killing of the American reporter Daniel Pearl, but General Musharraf said the killing had redoubled his resolve ''to move much more strongly against all such terrorist people and those organizations that perpetrate terrorism.''
But at this point, no thank you to the meetings.''
Members of Young Dancers in Repertory will teach dances to those 7 to 21 years old.
The article said Mr. Adam was ''born into a considerably wealthy family,'' and grew up in Atlanta, where he attended the Ebeneezer Baptist Church as a child.
''In a perfect world, if you have unlimited resources,'' Allen said.
Judging by previous incidents, one would have expected the episode to end there.
That company, based in Cumming, Ga., outside Atlanta, was first contacted early in the month about Mr. Rogers's activities by CrossTec, a software vendor based in Boca Raton, Fla. ''We were aware of what was happening about 30 minutes after CrossTec was first contacted,'' said Mr. Kingsley.
With their new company, airline executives say they expect the industry's costs to fall by about $350 million, to about $500 million a year.
Her movements were sharp and the dazzle was there.
Rates will be $425 a night for courtyard rooms, $525 for rooms facing the course.
''It was so quiet, most people don't even know he was divorced,'' said Stanford G. Lotwin of Blank Rome Tenzer Greenblatt, who represented Donald Trump in his divorces from Ivana Trump and Marla Maples.
Many of the pitchers in the Series agreed that this ball felt harder.
By David Edmonds and John Eidinow.
A main mission of the aircraft and its five-man crew is to provide air support for troops on the ground using its ability to lay down withering firepower with great accuracy.
''I basically believed him because of his record,'' said Jerry Auerbach of Englewood, N.J. ''Had I looked more deeply, I would have noticed he didn't sell computers.
Flowers, even roses, grew easily, with little care, so everyone grew them.''
Moreover, he said, when performing lead remediation work in an apartment, workers must seal off the work area until all work is completed and all surfaces must then be vacuumed with a HEPA vacuum -- one with a high-efficiency filter -- or washed with detergent prior to repainting.
But he also shows you the frightened, uncomprehending child within the fulminating old tyrant, who is reduced to the state of a mere mortal facing mortality.
Although Cincinnati appeared to have the game in control with a 65-54 lead with 9 minutes 25 seconds to play in regulation, U.C.L.A.
Mr. Chammah's decision to stay at Morgan Stanley ended a protracted tug of war between the two firms and the chief executives who once called each other partner.
asks the Syracuse lawyer Karen DeCrow, who has been handling many Title IX settlement agreements).
But Federal District Judge Melinda Harmon, who has been assigned to preside over the trial, effectively split the difference between an even earlier date sought by Andersen and the time schedule requested by the government, selecting May 6 as the opening day for jury selection in the case.
Max's experience has left him disillusioned with the institutions that formed him, yet ready to remake them.
With the move, Metro is recasting itself as a fashion and lifestyle channel, and pinning its future on the show that has created the channel's most noteworthy buzz.
Beloved wife of the late Jacob (Yock).
They worked through a series of lateral passes, ignoring the capacity crowd that screeched at them to shoot.
and refused to participate in the defendants' attempts to cover it up.''
Pour ingredients into a shaker filled with ice and shake well.
His mother found work by making ladies' hats at home, and he was able to attend schools operated by the local Jewish community.
The load moved at half a mile an hour.
''Clearly, there are a lot of tax losses available should we take capital gains,'' said Christopher Bonavico, the fund's portfolio manager.
Since he began directing films in the late 1980's, Mr. Haneke, also a well-regarded German playwright, has shown himself to be a rigorous moral theorist obsessed with the voyeuristic aspect of movies and the dehumanizing effects of television.
''When we were freshmen, we came in here as the great players but we didn't know what college ball was about,'' Williams said.
But Mr. Bradbury said that increase would not necessarily make his life easier, because most donors do not even part with $1,000.
A pianist, sometimes accompanying a singer, plays appropriate cocktail music in the lounge, a dignified room with many overstuffed sofas and chairs.
''I'm engaged, married and completely devoted to this house,'' she once said.
Those parties were canceled, as were others for the following weeks.
Those attitudes are important because they can help predict where the markets are headed.
Or to Louis Armstrong's recorded version of ''El Manisero'' (''The Peanut Vendor'').
Still, it's tough to watch ''Martha Stewart Living'' in a vacuum these days.
Still, for all its creative fecundity, it is a somewhat odd coupling.
''Steve always knew who the boss was.''
But city leaders and museum board members are banking on the success of the museum renovation project to invigorate other projects in the city.
Under the agreement, prison officials agreed to address concerns over mentally ill prisoners, excessive use of force against inmates, and protection of prisoners from assault and abuse by fellow inmates.
Underground magazines and books have been published on the Lower East Side since the 1960's.
First, you were never poaching anyone's employee.
But the bus carried a secret that could abet the search.
Sometimes, the factory makes perfumes based on a formula furnished by the corporate client.
Johan Johnson, has no funds right now for the rest of the work, but he does have an unusual idea of how to accomplish it.
It was the company's first debt sale and came after a 1.5 billion euro ($1.3 billion) equity offering in July.
The nameless narrator of this daring novel (Oates's 38th) is a philosophy student out to disown her dysfunctional past by affixing herself to others and adopting their identities: first a group of sorority sisters and later a gifted black graduate student.
The ceilings are low and beamed, but the downstairs dining room, where we sat, was quite sleek and modern, with a broad marble staircase to the upper floor.
When fewer teenagers than usual left the labor force in September -- perhaps because the economy made summer jobs hard to find -- the Labor Department's seasonal adjustment counted a large increase in jobs.
WHEN Felicia Harris enrolled at St. Peter's College, the man she would come to know affectionately as Granelli sat her down for a heart to heart, one on one.
''If people stop buying luxury homes, we're going to be in trouble.''
Men are more likely to go on the Web to browse, read and download software.
Their writings were invoked by all sides during the Clinton impeachment and the election fiasco in Florida.
I never found out, and it didn't matter; with firm exclamations of ''drei Tage'' (''three days'') I got what I wanted.
The final decisions were made by the president and a small working group including Mr. Card, Mr. Ridge and Condoleezza Rice, the national security adviser.
Only two years earlier, Mr. Dale complained that he had fallen on relatively hard times, his weekly salary down to $850 from $5,000 -- ''when I'm working.''
''The bills out there are not that bad,'' he said, speaking generally.
The Long Count bout -- between the best heavyweights of the era -- produced unequaled anticipation.
''But the others serve smaller groups,'' he said, proposing that these Amish -- about 15 families feeding groups of a dozen or so, by his estimate -- should be subject to less intense bed-and-breakfast standards and take a recognized food preparation course.
Much loved by her children Edward Eisenberg, Stephen Eisenberg, Marian E. Dunn and Lisa Macchi and their spouses.
Sometimes the story demands that type, or lettering, simulate the sound, mood and even physical traits of words and phrases.
''I think the debate in the administration is over, and this is the beginning of the serious public campaign.''
Both are portrayed as idealists and visionaries, trying to rise above the crass material demands of those around them.
Several close elections this year could be influenced by farm programs and, in turn, determine control of Congress.
The Nasdaq composite index fell 16.87 points, or 1.3 percent, to 1,292.80.
Previously recorded: $8,706,596.85 Recorded Thursday: 16,713.26 Total: $8,723,310.11 At similar period last year: $7,624,591.51
To the Editor: Fouad Ajami is absolutely right when he notes in his review of Sandra Mackey's book ''The Reckoning'' (May 19) that the sanctions imposed on Iraq ''have made it easier'' for Saddam Hussein to survive.
Most of New York's experts gathered Tuesday at the Harmonie Club, 4 East 64th Street, for the world's most successful charity event.
''Our goal is to win the East,'' Pierce said.
Every week, you can hear the ripping noise of another page of the calendar coming off the wall.
At lunch, he was fine-tuning plans for last night's opening party, including dancers, plush new furniture, doormen from the Manhattan nightclub Lotus and a new sound system.
Erie County, which holds the lease to HSBC Arena, where the Sabres play, would play a large role in providing financial aid to the new owners, who last week also approached state and city officials for assistance.
Again, the lease terms quoted by Carsdirect.com were far less than what I had expected, including the down payment of $1,073 and monthly payments of $468.
Analysts expected it to earn 8 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.
''I just wish that he would have stopped here,'' she said.
Look, I don't take life.
The light still serves United States Coast Guard vessels and other boats plying Connecticut's offshore waters.
The mayor said the contingency plan would be ''onerous.''
Sometimes he finds a widow who sells him a few barrels.
''When she looks out for you, well, she really does.''
Given Genghis's illusory stalking and Brooks's now famous statement that we ''overanthropomorphize humans,'' I assumed he was galloping toward the conclusion that consciousness does not exist.
Faced with opposition, he could be stubborn and immovable.
Nor did it seem likely that bonuses would keep falling, after a 28 percent drop last year.
Viviane was a kind and gentle woman who touched us all.
''I have some discomfort,'' said Benjamin Kaplan, a lawyer for Pfenning and the skating judge Jon Jackson, who allegedly heard Le Gougne confess to Stapleford on the night after the pairs event that she had succumbed to pressure.
Of course, Americans take risks every day, and calibrate their decisions accordingly.
The board could have avoided paying the severance had it fired Mr. Watson for cause, but it appears not to have done that.
On Tuesday of next week ''One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest,'' ''Amadeus,'' ''Singin' in the Rain,'' ''Unforgiven,'' ''A Hard Day's Night'' and ''Grease'' will all be released in multiple-disc special editions, but more on those next Friday.
Many states now subsidize the tuition of prospective teachers who agree to work in shortage areas.
The simplest summation of Mr. Ford's life and work may be that he did exactly what he wanted, and seemingly knew everyone.
PAGE A13 An All-Williams Final Again Venus Williams defeated Amélie Mauresmo to reach the U.S. Open final.
Within the hour, his Impala is back on a flatbed-truck, bound for his home in Westchester, and Flex, who still has a long morning's work ahead of him, has switched to his everyday-riding Lincoln Navigator.
''It is galling after repeatedly warning of the dire consequences of inaction,'' he said in a speech delivered after the council made its advice public, ''to see our worst fears realized.''
They were wholly dependent on the offerings of nature and the fickle moods of the skies.
The operation here lasted more than twice as long as surgeons had predicted.
Martin Beck Theater, 302 West 45th Street, (212) 239-6200.
In all 32 counties with early results, the balloting was lopsidedly against hunting on Sunday.
The Yahoo-Gimpy cracking program, written by Mr. Mori, takes a version of the easy Gimpy, a distorted word displayed in a cluttered background, and finds some points along the boundary of each letter, using standard techniques of computer vision theory.
His mother, Marguerite Cruse, spent much of her time at Issan in those days.
Ira, Bunny, Jules, Charlotte, David, Shirley, Alan, Bea, Lois, Audrey, and Ruben
Joe Gardner's half is not in dispute.
So this time around, the cable industry is focusing on providing that feature as cost effectively as possible, aided by digital network technology not available during the Orlando era.
Golfers may join the private Lake Mohawk course, or use nearby public fairways.
And after the Hornets shot 62.2 percent from the floor in the first half, the Nets bonded defensively, holding Charlotte to only 11 points during the decisive final quarter.
He pumped in two goals to propel the Islanders to a 3-2 victory tonight over the Atlanta Thrashers.
But wait, there's more: Mr. Allen materializes, playing a supreme assassin who ''loves two things,'' his profession and movies.
After Mr. Burgert was spotted, sheriff's deputies staked out the house.
For all their crowd-pleasing virtuosity, Ms. Ananiashvili, paying special attention to her head movements, and Mr. Bocca triumphed on a higher level of detail and rapport.
Admission: $12; $5 for students; $8 for 62+ (Grace Glueck).
Apart from abortion, the candidates generally agreed on most issues.
''To the extent it is tied up, it represents a huge drag on the economy.''
It quotes other major media outlets (the closely followed Westwood One Radio, not to mention Sixty Second Preview and the trendsetting KCAL-TV) calling the comedy ''dark, demented and hysterical,'' the ''darkest movie ever'' and ''deliciously dark.''
One ominous indication of the danger she faces is a wound on her lip from a particularly avid kiss.
Based on a five-year tally around the World Trade Center, some species most at risk would be the American woodcock, hermit thrush, gray catbird and black-throated blue warbler.
Under him, People's became one of the first financial institutions to offer payroll savings to workers in nearby factories.
Adored father of Noah and the late Eileen Toritz.
The world remains a very dangerous place.
That, he said, could strengthen populists like Mr. Lepper even more.
Five of them were 15 years old.
Mr. Stogo has developed and marketed some of the world's richest ice creams for manufacturers all over the world.
Finally he's written a short but substantial exhibition catalog suggesting how these artists fell from favor -- Aristide Maillol, not included here, was the big exception -- as modernism molded a self-image on the idea of abstraction.
Mr. Fischer revisits photo-realism in detail-perfect graphite drawings based on magazine illustrations of art world stars past and present.
It remains to be seen whether fans (other than the deranged) will identify as closely with ''Lost Season.''
The shots at sea were done off Baja, using the Rose, while more intimate scenes were filmed in Rosarito.
If it's not the world's most jubilant music, it's a definite contender.
''The Palestinian Authority continues to pour terror into Israel,'' David Baker, a spokesman for Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's office said.
Commissioner Bud Selig declined to comment.
The hearing will also be shown live on Pace University's Web site, www.pace.edu.
Into the late 19th century, the Imperial guards wore polished silver discs as amulets on their uniforms instead of decorations.
''This is the World Series.
The federal government doesn't want to assume any more liability related to the nuclear weapons program.''
In fact, you seldom need to ask at all.
May they be comforted among the mourners of Zion and Jerusalem.
American officials said today that they had verified the accuracy of some of the information provided by a captured senior leader of Al Qaeda, and expressed cautious optimism that he would eventually divulge more detailed information about the terrorist network and the whereabouts of its surviving leaders, including Osama bin Laden.
Only then will we have a rough idea of how students compare with those in the past, and a rough idea is the most we can expect.
in collaboration with Hollywood makeup masters.
A nurse rushed me into an office, confirmed my insurance coverage, took my temperature and measured my blood pressure: 120 over 85, which was somewhat higher than my normal 110 over 70.
East River Plaza, which is supposed to contain Costco and Home Depot stores, is to be located along Franklin D. Roosevelt Drive, between 116th and 119th streets.
And the difference in the speed, Stackhouse said, is ''20 times faster.''
Mr. Kaufman is asking $305,000 from the emirates and about $250,000 from the Arab League.
But while breezes were in short supply, hot air was not.
Talisman has operated in Sudan since 1998 as part of Dr. Buckee's effort to broaden the company's horizons beyond the oil and gas basins of North America.
The riders and grooms change into their costumes while Casco stands in the tunnel, nuzzling Mrs. Novograd.
Mr. Weaver, while denying any involvement in the girls' disappearance, had told reporters that he was a suspect and he was often interviewed by local and national news organizations.
In the aftermath of Sept. 11, the Bush administration would like to renew ties with the Indonesian military, which has historically played a vital role in keeping the country together.
''When you didn't, the rough was even worse.''
''Ruth'' was followed by ''Election,'' which earned Payne and Taylor an Oscar nomination for best adapted screenplay.
So does Mr. Formica, who used it in every room in his apartment in New York.
As a result these mayors are more inclined to work for school reform and voters have a single elected official to hold accountable for the results.
His new mixed album, ''Bedrock Breaks'' (Pioneer), is split into two discs: ''Hands Down'' is an exhausting dose of clattering beats and buzzing basslines, while ''Late Night/Early Doors'' is dreamier, more eclectic and more compelling.
Money won't solve all the agency's problems.
In 2001, Mr. Mahathir chose Mr. Azman to carry out a chore investors and analysts had demanded for years: the purge of Halim Saad, one of the nation's biggest tycoons, from the helm of United Engineers Malaysia and its debt-laden affiliate Renong.
Under its chief executive, Konrad Hilbers, himself a former Bertelsmann executive, Napster has been seeking to license music from the same record labels that succeeded in ending its free service.
Onstage a group of perfectly likable actors is falling apart.
She's already in for $50,000.''
But Wang Ji-yang, a 47-year-old tourist from Guangzhou in southeastern China who walked around the monastery with his wife and son, said, ''If the cable car is cheap enough, we will ride it.''
''We had a few high-fives,'' said Peggy D. Rudd, director of the Texas State Library and Archives Commission, whose firm stand on the documents had risked the ire of a popular president and the current governor, Rick Perry.
A 1990 election raised Aung San Suu Kyi, the daughter of the late independence hero Gen. Aung San, to political prominence.
–How do you feel about the facts that are presented in the article?
He went five times last year to watch the Public Theater version of ''Topdog/Underdog,'' which starred Mr. Wright as Lincoln and Don Cheadle as the treacherous Booth.
But all held a deep affection for the Yemeni people, loved ones said, and accepted the risks as part of the life they had chosen: to work among the poor, providing free medical care, relief in times of famine and, when appropriate, words of faith to the oppressed.
The former heavyweight champion LARRY HOLMES said Mr. Tyson should not give up, he should just find a different trainer.
It contends that the state is imposing an illegal tax on hospitals to cover the state's share of Medicaid.
''She ordered a vente skim extra foamy latte,'' he said.
''We have to believe in each other to the fullest if we're going to get it done.''
Neither Mr. Leuenberger nor Ms. Zindel could be reached for comment on Mr. Leuenberger's plans to step down.
Approximate running times are in parentheses.
Mr. Icahn first tried to gain control of the companies in the mid-1990s.
His own father, it turns out, was executed in 1959 for the first murder committed in Long Beach, the killing of a baby during a botched kidnapping.
Last year, 86 percent of the state's 569,000 foreign tourists came from Argentina, according to Santur figures; most traveled to Florianópolis, the capital.
''See, I've had the two front ones filed down a bit since the last 'Partridge' series,'' he says, looking genuinely concerned.
One of the most contentious issues in accounting has been the treatment of stock options.
Tagliatelle-and-lamb Bolognese was earthy yet bright; and perfectly al dente fettuccine with a generous portion of plump porcini mushrooms had unusual presence.
Because society in Qena is fairly conservative, General Labib said, shisha smoking has not spread to young women, as it has in decadent places like Alexandria.
An Egyptian papyrus describing 700 different opium mixtures (including one for calming bothersome children) dates to 1552 B.C.
Northrop Grumman dropped $7.85, to $109.95.
That boat has since carried a message to the other side of the world.
On defense, Pitt stacked the line of scrimmage and seemed to dare Notre Dame to throw the ball.
Reality TV and the current crop of nasty game shows are a broadcast version of Mr. Goffman's eternal struggle between the normals and the stigmatized.
The movement aims at defending the rights of ordinary people.
''But I do certainly respect anyone's right to work with whoever they desire.
EDGAR M. BRONFMAN President, World Jewish Congress New York, May 11, 2002
The course, called Ground Zero Lab, was canceled after the dean of the university's School of Continuing and Professional Studies, David F. Finney, sent an e-mail message seeking a guarantee from organizers of the course that it would not generate any news media attention.
''Had we kept on the same course as we had been, we would have lost control of the company.''
Partial answers to that question come now in the form of a preliminary Pentagon planning document described in The Times yesterday by Eric Schmitt.
In addition, at 11:30 a.m. and 4 p.m. on Oct. 18 and at 4 and 6 p.m. on Oct. 20, the festival will present ''Jersey Story'' by Daniel St. Germain, 17, of Pound Ridge, N.Y., and ''Miscommunications'' by Ben Gottlieb, 15, of Manhattan.
In an unusual challenge to a foreign president, Mr. Bush said last week that he hoped to ''hear the resolve of a leader'' when he sat down with Mrs. Megawati in Mexico.
There have been many accusations that the Saudis have not moved forcefully enough to shut down the financing of terrorism and that the White House has been too timid in forcing the Saudi government to show faster results.
Sales by General Motors rose 12.4 percent in April from a year earlier, a more robust performance than analysts expected.
Along the way there is plenty of suspense, and by book's end there are four role reversals -- from child to adult and adult to child -- that delight and entertain and bring the entire complicated but not confusing plot to a more than satisfactory ending.
They are spread across all continents, and 45 million of them have been inventoried so far.
For now, two seems extravagant, letting Mom and Dad tune in the radio while the children watch a video in the back.
Mr. Cavallo's arrest, he added, is part of a broader government campaign of ''going after banks and foreign investors'' in order to ''create a distraction'' from the country's economic disaster.
''Make no mistake about it, the tax relief package that we passed -- that should be permanent, by the way -- has helped the economy, and that the deficit would have been bigger without the tax-relief package,'' Mr. Bush said.
Ryanair, for instance, offered one-way fares to 36 European destinations from $22.
''My physical therapy is being a sushi chef,'' he said wanly, looking at the other men standing behind the fish counter.
Maria Conlon drilled a 3-pointer.
Joe Horowitz, after shooting a 77 in the morning, bounced back with a 68 and finished with a 54-hole total of 210 to win the New York City Amateur Championship at the Latourette Golf Club in Staten Island.
''He was not good at school and when he dropped out he made his living traveling into Libya to buy cheap goods and sell them in the local market.
After that there are two hours of homework.
He was concerned about being teased by Valentin, his former teammate at Seton Hall and with the Red Sox.
He was soon going on sales calls with Mr. Olson, who he said referred to many customers as ''the telecom mafia.''
That was done for sensible enough reasons, but now the Bush administration and Congress must determine whether remedial regulations are needed in light of the recent scandals.
In an official statement, Mr. Iger said of Mr. Bornstein: ''Steve was instrumental in the development of numerous cable and online businesses and played key roles in the enormous success of ESPN and the successful launch of the ABC Family Channel.
Buffalo saved more than $6 million in salary-cap room by letting Johnson go.
Mr. Pataki could also cajole the Assembly toward a compromise by promising to increase state aid for city schools in the coming budget.
Lowell popped out to Vina with two runners on to end it.
And she had foreseen food-related problems.
''I don't think the management are bluffing,'' said Colum McCarthy, economist with DKM, consultants in Dublin.
Last year, after an uninspired government campaign, Irish voters narrowly rejected the treaty, which had been drawn up in Nice, France, and was to pave the way for 12 new members.
He was Orlando's third-leading scorer last season, averaging 15.2 points.
''Him being around has been good,'' Melian said from Chattanooga, where he drove in two runs Wednesday night in a loss.
With the bee behind her, J.J. took a self-imposed hiatus from spelling and threw herself into springboard diving instead -- almost the way a bereaved spouse takes up decoupage or gardening: to forget, to swamp one world, if only briefly, with an entirely different one.
CATHY WEIS -- Ms. Weis uses live dance movement and video imagery as equal forms of expression, sidestepping the often lumbering dichotomy between the moving body and seemingly immovable technology.
''I was in pain; I was miserable.
Sandra Baldwin, who was elected in 2000 to a four-year term, resigned May 24 after she acknowledged that she had lied about her academic credentials on her résumé.
He felt he played well in the preseason, and he has extra motivation to play well because he is in the final year of his contract.
If the tape shows that he swung in Tinsley's direction, Kidd could be suspended as early as the Nets' game against Washington Saturday night.
Any strong dog will lose his teeth, and then he will not be so strong, but he will be a dog his whole life.''
New York's nationally recognized general permitting process, combined with the 9,000 farms voluntarily participating in Agricultural Environmental Management, is proof of New York's commitment to protecting and improving the quality of the water supply.
Last year, Connecticut held informational hearings on the issue but produced no bill.
Characters in many other films written by Mr. Davies talk directly to the camera, as Jago needlessly does here.
Menu listings and prices are subject to change.
''If you get them there correctly they learn to love it and they'll protect it.''
Though both the bank and the fund engage in development, the fund takes the lead in ushering countries through financial crises.
Plan International's headquarters in Dar es Salaam are also full of holiday gifts to be distributed to sponsored children.
In 1896-97 he produced an absurdly sentimental picture of ''Christ and the Disciples at Emmaus,'' the large version of which was purchased by the American tycoon Henry Clay Frick.
He has not gone back.
But in terms of cash flow, the pay cable channel, which derives its revenue mainly from subscription fees from viewers, has been more successful of late than such larger areas as the film and television studio and the music division.
Lucchino said the Red Sox' efforts to sign Contreras were ''sincere, intense and substantial,'' then added, ''But it takes two to tango, and the Yankees are formidable adversaries, make no mistake.''
In fact, it has been Porter time for weeks, with Andrea Marcovicci singing an all-Porter show at the Algonquin Hotel, not to mention Porter-pianizers Bobby Short at the Carlyle and Steve Ross at the Stanhope.
Some big savings and loans, including Glendale and a New York institution, the Dime Savings Bank, sold warrants that hold a claim on any awards they might receive from litigation over supervisory good will.
was not renewed, and he never said anything about the Bracket Racket.
''THE IMPORTANCE OF BEING EARNEST,'' starring Rupert Everett, Colin Firth, Frances O'Connor, Reese Witherspoon, Judi Dench and Tom Wilkinson.
The son of immigrants from Russia, Victor Posner was born in Baltimore.
We've got to overcome these things.
The public was largely unaware that the average Nassau County police officer made over $101,000 last year and that the average termination payout is over $200,000.''
We will always remember Mr. Berrie's warmth and friendship and derive lasting inspiration from his commitment to those who suffer from diabetes.
The injured player, Robert Viscome, 17, who had been in a coma since the party, was removed from life support at Westchester Medical Center on Tuesday afternoon and died about five hours later with his family by his side, police officials said.
He broke from Divine Life, and on Oct. 7, 1966, founded his first Integral Yoga Institute in New York.
His father is a computer analyst with the Housing and Urban Development Department in Washington.
Visnovsky, a third-year defenseman, had the first multi-goal game of his career.
She won back-to-back Opens in 1995 and 1996, and the six-year wait since then seemed longer to Sorenstam.
''There's a bodily presence in their absence.''
The new features were painted a light beige and the building a ''cappuccino, darker beige, color,'' she said.
The connection to something divine.
THE GATHERING STORM HBO, tonight at 8, Eastern and Pacific times; 7, Central time.
There also is evident disagreement among family members on just what is being memorialized.
Under that program, the process of notifying consumers is now completed in about one-third of the time needed previously, he said.
The Roma have tried to have their voice heard in parliamentary and municipal elections, but their candidates have not met much success.
Plymouth, 236 West 45th Street, (212) 239-6200.
BUFFALO SABRES--Signed F Jason Botterill and F Francois Methot.
If they cannot find someone from outside telecommunications, Mr. Roberts and Mr. Sidgmore appear interested in choosing a current or former executive from one of the Bell regional phone companies.
A more popular theory holds that the culprit is a federal laboratory insider who meant not to kill but to alert the nation to terrorist dangers.
For each of them there is a job somewhere in medicine -- from pharmaceutical executive to transplant surgeon to family physician -- where the peculiarities of physiology, personality and goals will fit.
''In an ideal world, I'd like to be able to take my film out theatrically six months prior to it being on TV,'' said Liz Garbus, who directed ''The Execution of Wanda Jean,'' about a woman on death row, for HBO.
Admission: $5; $2.50 for students and 65+ (Cotter).
Mr. Gruttadauria had worked for SG Cowen Securities and later for Lehman Brothers, which has since closed its Cleveland office.
Ms. Campbell is single, but she's far from alone.
''It's what the French call a gastrique, a sauce enhancer that's got a good acid component and a little sweetness,'' she said.
Russia in particular never really kept its word, and now Russia, Norway and the other non-OPEC countries have formally ended their pledges.
In a telephone interview, Mr. Centerman was upbeat about reviving the company's sales.
So with 10 seconds remaining in last night's game at Madison Square Garden, John Starks knew exactly what Allan Houston wanted to do.
''This is important for Fiat because its balance-sheet problems come from the auto business.''
Votes on this proposal are expected as early as this week.
The genderless fun of finishing something real.
''It would now be unconstitutional to conduct a capital sentencing under the present version'' of the death penalty statute, she wrote in June, urging judges not to proceed ''until the statute is amended to conform to the law.''
Some college admissions officials were convinced that the binding early decision approach still worked.
The academy's sixth artist-selected show has been chosen by Jane Freilicher, whose reserved yet opulently colored landscapes and still lifes might be said to mediate the shrinking gap between the academic and the progressive.
The Kmart contract is one element of the merchandising wing of Ms. Stewart's company, Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia, which includes the Martha by Mail catalog.
Glavine did not return telephone calls seeking comment on his decision, but yesterday morning, before the agreement had been reached, his wife, Christine, talked about developments.
The bridegroom is a stepson of Jane Martin and of Greg Schramm.
It was the third time in a year that the offering has been pulled back.
It also said it would sue Arthur Andersen claiming damages from accounting irregularities.
Sponsored by Run Tour and the Adult and Continuing Education Department of the City College of New York.
Forty-seven percent said their lives had changed; they cited a wide variety of experiences, including the loss of jobs and income, feelings of fearfulness and a sense of new perspectives on life and a new closeness with neighbors.
I've been attending Broadway theater for just over 50 years, and have never seen a more genuinely turned-on, enthusiastic audience.
That limited the early machine's appeal to companies.
''You're competing against other schools in your cohort, but you don't know which schools, and when they announce the schools and people who receive the incentive pay, that leaves a lot of unanswered questions, especialy when your school improved.
After hearing Mr. Bush's proposals criticized by a half-dozen Democrats, Mr. Allen said: ''You may think privacy rights are the most overriding issue.
If we can't deter them, to try to minimize that time between when they make the decision to go bad and when they actually get detected, and along that way, minimize the damage that's done.''
''It's hard for me to go with just one thing.''
Before learning the results of the M.R.I., Wells, who had back surgery last July, said he was preparing for the worst.
Of a people Reduced to stupor?
August Strindberg is famous for being a playwright, madman and misogynist.
Died behind the wheel of his Audi .
Prime Minister Ariel Sharon of Israel and other Israeli officials have repeatedly accused Mr. Arafat and the Palestinian Authority of active involvement in the violence, a charge the Palestinians have denied.
After Thurman survived in the eighth, Kelvim Escobar struck out Giambi and Rondell White in a 1-2-3 ninth for the save.
What good is technology, we seem to believe, if we cannot prevent natural forces from interfering with human purposes and disrupting the accustomed social order?
He will work out of Washington and travel to St. Louis monthly for forecasting discussions, according to the company.
Still, the loss of the swim team would make Dartmouth the only Ivy not to participate in swim meets.
Dyer Jones, the regatta director of the challenger series, called the letter foolish, adding, ''Having agreed to the rules, they are now hard pressed to agree with the way we run our series because they don't like the strength of the team coming out of the series.''
The finale shares the mood.
It opens on Oct. 24 at the Richard Rodgers Theater.
They invested despite the enduring skepticism of much of the economics profession.
''We always made wonderful movies,'' he says, talking about Americans.
''One guy's black box didn't work with another's black box.
Any new national regulation could be challenged by other countries as unfair if it was ''more trade restrictive than necessary.''
(Me: ''Did you notice that there's a Starbucks on Main Street now?''
The studio audience consisted of two homeless people.
On Wednesday night, Louisville defeated Fort Worth, 2-1, in 11 innings.
A disadvantage is that few hotels and banks, and almost no restaurants, accept foreign credit cards, and cash machines don't recognize American bank and credit cards.
The ground floor will offer a reconstruction of the home of the Bollywood film star Dimple Kapadia, designed by Abu Jani and Sandeep Khosla.
Mr. O'Neill, who again called the United States tax system ''an abomination,'' said Mr. Bush shared his view that the tax code was too complicated.
''Spectators,'' it says right there on a Madison Square Garden ticket, ''are at their own risk with respect to the dangers incidental to the event.''
''There has never been a clearer demonstration of that,'' Mr. Daschle said.
Rena Owen plays a wife and mother accustomed to being beaten by her husband but afraid of the emotional damage to her children.
The system, once complete, would eliminate the need for truck-based transfer stations and the diesel exhaust that residents and environmentalists say have fouled neighborhoods like Williamsburg in Brooklyn, the South Bronx and Jamaica, Queens.
Also out for at least this week is defender Sara Whalen, who broke three ribs and punctured a lung while being tackled by Shannon MacMillan during a February all-star game.
She will be greatly missed.
The police commissioner praised both the police and the protesters.
That has led to a budding alliance between Hamas and Fatah, the organization headed by Yasir Arafat, the Palestinian leader, despite years of bitter and sometimes violent feuding.
They are on the front lines of the antiterrorist struggle.
* WIM DELVOYE: ''CLOACA,'' New Museum of Contemporary Art, 583 Broadway, near Houston Street, SoHo, (212) 219-1222 (through Sunday).
The set, by James Youmans, is of the classically tasteful stripe that defines Mr. Gurney's quintessentially white-bread upper-middle-class terrain, and Peggy has redirected all the seating to face a blank wall, which, on the stage, translates into pointing out at the audience.
''They did not come here to look for wanted people,'' he said.
''But he is trying to say this belongs to Egypt, that Ethiopians are just guests.
During a first-round meltdown at the 2001 French Open, Mauresmo was paralyzed by a list of fears, including fear of expectation and fear of letting down her country.
You miss the relationship-building portion.''
On April 18 the Takacs Quartet and Robert Pinsky concluded a joint tour at Alice Tully Hall.
''There are times when you make them, but that turned out to be pretty big.''
Though it would be a first for Westchester, the Rockland County Legislature and many towns and villages in both counties have passed similar resolutions, with little effect.
The police believe he was not armed at that time.
Rupert Everett, that pouty, spoiled princeling who exudes a Wildean hauteur tinged with a Wildean depravity, is Algernon Moncrieff, the debt-ridden charmer who spends half his life evading creditors by dashing off to the bedside of an imaginary friend.
''The ratios were going off the wall,'' he said, ''so we began to mistrust the earnings.''
''There's only DAVID BUSH and myself left on the team from that year, so that's what's driving us to get back there.''
As the potential financial liability became clearer over the past year, however, management of the two companies disagreed over what contribution the parent should make.
Arab nations pushed for a resolution declaring that children in Israeli-occupied territories remained ''deprived of many basic rights''; a senior Israeli official shot back by accusing Palestinians of recruiting teenagers as suicide bombers.
Operaworks is devoted to the idea that -- to quote its mission statement -- ''mainstream American opera is a dead, elitist, vocal circus that must come down off its high horse and change a few things if it's to become a popular mainstream entertainment.''
He also said he believed that Mr. McCall's accusation was accurate.
He powered through another match on the Arthur Ashe Stadium court, pushing aside Ramon Delgado of Paraguay, 6-2, 6-1, 6-2.
Though city officials have considered alternative proposals for the neighborhood, they have not seriously pursued any.
''There was a certain sparkle about everything he did,'' Mr. Rennert said.
Within five hours, they had fanned out over the sprawling subdivisions from North Fulton to Cobb and Cherokee Counties and knocked on 30,000 Republican doors.
To supporters of the plan, merging the two departments offers myriad opportunities to streamline functions.
The red background denotes ''the struggle for national liberation,'' and a white five-pointed star in the black area signifies peace.
But Joe Heaphy, executive director of the New York State Tenants and Neighbors Association, a New York City-based advocacy group, warned that tenants would have to be re-screened for the voucher program, and some may lose eligibility.
The ship and its cargo of 655 containers first attracted the attention of investigators when the Coast Guard, following intensified security procedures in place since last year, boarded it as it approached the port early Tuesday morning.
Mr. Gallagher was a volunteer firefighter for 12 years and had known one of the firefighters who died, Thomas Stewart III, 30, since he was born.
Generally speaking, these sites are not designed for browsers.
''Alternating makes 'God' unlike any other noun in the book.''
That is more than four times the $36 billion spent on the criminal justice system in 1982.
''In a lot of ways, making an N.F.L.
''Donnez-moi un break -- I read her book 'Metaphysics as a Guide to Morals.'
Donations in memory of Margaret Genirs may be made to the Dorothy Rodbell Cohen Cancer Foundation, c/o Paul Cohen, Lehman Brothers, 399 Park Ave., 6th Floor, New York, NY 10022.
Strahan began launching himself into right tackles.
Most of the complaints in 1998 came because the house that MTV leased -- actually two houses with a single facade that made them look like one elegant summer home -- was right off the town's busy main street, Boulevard, and surrounded by other homes.
''They saw that they could live a more balanced life at a peer institution.''
A cuddly bronze grizzly bear naps on a branch; an elk family picnics on the prairie.
''I just can't sell a pair of jeans to save my life,'' said Sarah Easley, an owner of Kirna Zabête, the SoHo boutique.
Though thermal reconditioning is an improvement on more conventional relaxers, it tends to leave the hair brittle.
As home buyers began returning to Atlanta's city limits during the 1990's, there was a spate of industrial conversions that inspired the building, or overbuilding, of recent-vintage loft complexes.
''The storm surge zone of the South Shore would wind up impacting the evacuation routes,'' said Mr. Baroni.
Ten prosecutors reviewed the evidence.
The show begins at 5:30 in the Studio at Rich Forum, 307 Atlantic Street.
His supporters threatened to kill the Supreme Court justices who deemed the farm invasions illegal.
20 Creighton to a victory over visiting Delaware State.
They are a Rorschach test of our social condition, revealing racial hatred, class warfare, political divisions, generosity or stinginess toward our neighbors.
Despite a large payroll and lots of talent, the Mets finished in last place in the National League East last season.
Steward predicted an early victory: ''I think Lennox Lewis will knock Mike Tyson out in two rounds.''
The Mayflower Corporation, a British design and engineering concern, announced this week that it had dropped Andersen as its auditor, the first such announcement by a large European client.
SCORECARD -- At 44, Mr. Cuomo has a far shorter résumé than his rival in the Democratic primary, H. Carl McCall, but with this ad he makes the most of it, emphasizing his management experience even while it keeps Mr. Cuomo, who polls say tends to inspire dislike, from directly addressing the camera.
''Nothing was working,'' Washburn said.
He said the boy told detectives that he resisted the priest's advances, which involved groping and touching, and told his mother of the abuse when he returned home.
The little girls in party dresses, patent leather shoes and lace-trimmed socks give new meaning to the term ''Sunday best.''
Though many more people can use a computer with a fast link at the office, several said they were uncomfortable transmitting sensitive financial information while on the job.
His support of independent candidates running against those backed by the Bronx Democratic Party has earned him the wrath of Roberto Ramirez, the former Bronx Democratic chairman.
The Technology Mission to Build A Better Heart Lou Samuels has always been fascinated by technology.
When you taste, say, a Napa Valley cabernet or a red from Burgundy, your opinion might be colored by what you may have heard or read about those wines.
And that's no guarantee because the 22-year-old Lopez tore the anterior cruciate ligament in his right knee last season and needed a six-month rehabilitation.
The Burn has won all three meetings between the teams this season.
The city's first had opened in 1912.
General Yeager, 79, split the air with a sonic boom as he opened an air show that drew thousands of spectators to this desert base about 70 miles north of Los Angeles.
France's interior minister, Nicolas Sarkozy, plans to visit Algeria soon to discuss immigration and terror, as does the defense minister, Michele Alliot-Marie, who plans to discuss possible military cooperation related to curbing terrorism.
Dallas will try breaking that Tuesday night against Indiana, the team that ended the Mavericks' season-opening winning streak at 14 -- one shy of the N.B.A.
JUST IN TIME FOR THE $300,000 MAYBACH -- The federal luxury tax on automobiles expires at midnight Tuesday.
''My favorite part of having the equipment in my room is not having to go to the hotel's gym,'' Ms. Hart said.
Then suddenly, in the final months of 1999, the weekly wages of those at the upper end pulled away again.
Other foundations have made similar efforts to help New York's artists.
I think that's one reason why we've been able to hang on to these levels in the Dow.''
This thrillingly kinetic insider's history of the 1970's Southern California skateboarding culture was made by several of the hands that helped create that culture.
Cherished grandmother of Tara Glicksman, Nicholas Brandaleone, Christopher Brandaleone, Steven Davinger, Jennifer Brandaleone, Bethany Davinger and great-grandmother of two.
Mr. Leeds was the founder of the Global Equipment Company and the predecessor of Systemax Inc. Mr. Michael Leeds was the beloved husband of Mrs. Carol Leeds; loving father of Robert (Janet) Leeds, Richard (Suzanne) Leeds, Bruce (Gail) Leeds; step-father of Jerry (Debra) Leifer and Debbie (Howard) LeiferSchwartz; dear brother of Paul (Bobbi) Leeds and adored grandfather of fourteen.
Representative John Lewis of Georgia, the veteran Democratic civil rights marcher, quoted Gandhi and the Rev.
Then there is Yankee Stadium.
''Common sense would tell you that they're in on this gold mine.
The two sides have narrowed their differences on revenue sharing, in the amount of local revenue that would be transferred between richer and poorer clubs and the formula for allocation.
Tonight and tomorrow night at 9 and 10:30; admission is $15.
Mr. Zali and many hospital workers suspect that the guards have continued to give provisions to the fighters, a suspicion supported by continuing signs of life in the otherwise abandoned ward.
Any good doctor making a prognosis, he said, takes into account the size of a tumor, how far it has spread, the patient's age, success rates of new treatments and other factors.
The events of Sept. 11 obviously exacerbated that, especially in the manufacturing sector and large portions of the services sector.
Mr. Condit, 60, said the moves were prompted by three pending retirements, those of Harry Stonecipher as vice chairman in June, Jim Dagnon as senior vice president for people in May and John Warner as senior vice president and chief administrative officer in July.
The Metropolitan Opera could never have predicted how relevant its revival of ''Parade'' would become this winter.
TEXAS RANGERS--Purchased the contract of LHP Chris Michalak from Oklahoma of the PCL.
Yet it is another indication that a pickup in technology is coming later than many had hoped.
And it was Lopez who, after pitching well in relief, allowed the game-winning home run to Worcester's Ryan Griffin.
Eleven players on the Colorado College roster have U.S.H.L.
What is the guarantee that we will ever achieve a viable high-mileage automobile using fuel cells if this administration doesn't have the staying power to see to the fruition of other fuel-saving strategies?
Toomer dropped 15 pounds in the off-season, changing his diet.
In the center of the casbah one large building was merely a pile of rubble, 20 feet high in places.
They include stylish gilt bronze clocks with literary portrait busts, candelabra with allegorical figures and crystal chandeliers.
Conine homered in the sixth off Rafael Soriano (0-1), who was also making his first major league start.
www.cincinnatisymphony.org www.cincinnatipops.org Oklahoma OK MOZART INTERNATIONAL FESTIVAL -- Bartlesville.
Now, having survived an actual inferno, these sculptures continue to intrigue, though in ways never imagined by their maker.
Mr. Blair made no reference to that in the news conference but said, ''We condemn totally anybody who is engaged in terrorist activity of any sort at all, wherever in the world.''
''The Secret'' is set several decades in the future, giving its scientific advances both plausibility and a sense of baleful prophecy.
She is particularly fond of the New Hampshire Antiques Dealers' Association fair, which began 45 years ago and is called the Annual New Hampshire Antiques Show.
Oil is used to heat 11 percent of the houses in the Midwest, 6 percent in the South, 4 percent on the West Coast and 1 percent in the Rocky Mountain states.
Quinn is the world's top-ranked woman player, and Breed is fourth.
''Things are happening that give me real hope,'' Naison said.
The dissonance between action and inaction reflected a collision of two developments over the years.
''We've been on his back all year, coming down with the big shots,'' Harris said of Kidd.
By next spring, the first three piers and 13 blocks of the Hudson River Park should be finished, Mr. Balachandran said.
Some nonprofit groups, like the Citizens Committee of New York and American Ballet Theater, break even on galas, producing parties that cost no more than the non-tax-deductible portion of the tickets sold, according to their tax filings.
He majored in painting, drawing and art history and soon got work on architectural surveys of buildings in Cleveland and Akron, seeing first hand how politics sometimes affects supposedly neutral preservation studies.
Only about 55,600 acres have been treated.
I did feel a little funny.
Red River Hanover won by three-quarters of a length over Up Front Western.
''The Palestinians,'' he said, ''have to resurrect the spirit of Christ to absorb the sense of pain and insult they feel and control it, and not let it determine the way they act toward Israel.
Soon we reach the 20-acre Outback, where small and large mobs -- or groups of kangaroos -- eye us with no sense of urgency, softly springing away from the roar of the engine as we approach.
''Nonhearing-impaired people love it,'' she said, ''especially with shows that are heavy in dialect, like 'Stones in His Pockets' or 'Beauty Queen of Leenane,' or even 'Copenhagen,' which was very heavy on technical language.
The audience roared with laughter.
By opening up the reporting process this time, news executives said, viewers will understand exactly what producers and correspondents are up against and see where events are out of their control and where they are truly at fault.
Mr. Bloomberg appeared alongside Mr. Sweeney at the new headquarters of the New York City Central Labor Council, the umbrella organization representing more than one million union members.
in America to describe in the company's annual report -- prominently and in plain English -- details of his or her compensation package.''
A Sprecher heroine is never ambitious.
After he was hit, Sosa walked inside the baseline looking at Tavarez and raised his hands as if to ask why.
Beloved father of Michael, Robert and Jane.
President Bush said trading with Cuba helps keep Mr. Castro in power.
They will demand more in return, however.
Future models will surely lick the recording-delay problem, cost less and offer better control-panel solutions.
Mr. Michtom reported that he wrote to the president for permission to name the bear Teddy, and got a letter back saying it was O.K.
10 3 TWISTED ROOTS, by V. C. Andrews.
Buzzing drones and balloons carrying cameras monitored the fighting from above, and from a hilltop encampment just outside Jenin, officers coordinated the combat, using detailed maps and sophisticated communications.
As their banner, the S.L.A.
''It's nowhere near the luxury of a Range Rover.
Two outs later, Perez hit a bases-loaded double and Alomar singled him home, his second hit and second R.B.I.
George Ryan to commute the sentences of the 160 people on the state's death row.
In Idaho and Utah, firefighters were chasing about 25 new fires.
Of Leonia, NJ, on October 22, 2002.
Catch the trade winds in your sails.
Mr. Skilling, who was once hailed by experts as the equal of management giants like John F. Welch Jr. of General Electric, has told friends that he cannot bear to drive by Enron's headquarters in downtown Houston.
Captain Marshall died in 1993, but the probies he trained are now the firehouse's senior men as well as officers throughout the city.
THE HERMITAGE ''Memories of Holidays Past.''
It bought BancWest for $2.4 billion last year.
''It was a solo bass record,'' Mr. Wooten said.
(I thought I recognized one drifting pentatonic guitar melody from ''Beaches and Canyons,'' but I could have been wrong: everything in the Black Dice experience is uncertain.)
''Now, seven weeks before an election he's taking a pledge,'' Mr. Torricelli said.
This album has the constantly changing instrumentation endemic to the avant-rock scene in Chicago, resulting in tremendous breadth; the cruelty in his writing comes from compassion, and his lyrics, with their sharp character-drawing, are literature.
''That's the kind of energy I bring to the game.''
''The biggest challenge is to make it a team,'' he said.
The suit, filed by about 80 doctors, therapists and nurses in the Franciscan Medical Group and Tacoma Orthopedic Surgeons Inc., says Premera Blue Cross and Regence Blue Shield systematically deny claims and delay payment of them.
The Afghan government won a resounding endorsement from international donors today for its budget and development plan to lift Afghanistan out of destitution and work toward self-sufficiency, positioning it well to win badly needed long-term assistance.
This man was 332 pounds, internationally known.
''It's the first time New Jersey made it into the finals.
After the sluggish 1-0 victory over the United States, none other than Franz Beckenbauer, the German legend who won World Cups as both a player and a coach, said: ''You should change every position on the team, apart from Oliver Kahn.
Been nibbling on elephants since you were a child?
He met with Indonesia's chief security minister and the national police chief, but the sessions took place far from Jakarta, where anti-American protests were common even before Sept. 11.
In the populous South Shore Town of Babylon, as in much of Long Island, excess is an emblem of success.
Then in Russia on Friday, he is to meet with President Vladimir V. Putin.
From the earliest days of the 2000 campaign, Bush and his advisers have defined themselves largely by their un-Clinton-ness.
Aerials Judging Questioned The Russian Olympic Committee has sent a letter to the head of the International Ski Federation complaining of biased judging in women's freestyle aerials.
So a lot of their works, even those that sound not remotely rockish, have driving rhythms and raw sonorities that might just appeal to today's rock fans, if only these young people could be enticed into the concert hall.
''I'm really not pleased that Bush is president, but I buy into the pomp.''
Whatever Mr. Sidgmore does, he is likely to opt for a plan that is more formal than the one his predecessor, Mr. Ebbers, instituted when WorldCom's top management was expecting to merge with Sprint and continue growing.
The panel acknowledged -- and said it even shared -- ''the government's fear that dangerous information might be disclosed in some of these hearings.''
Compared with this human chess game, the other ballets on the program looked positively lyrical.
He grabbed it, set himself and fired.
doormen, concierge, renovated kitchen and bath, high ceilings, h/w floors, fireplace, French doors, Central Park view; maintenance $1,169, 53% tax-deductible; listed at $599,000, 10 weeks on market (Brokers: Halstead Property Co.; William B.
Haydn, I am afraid, will no longer get his due.
Wealthy nations, led by the United States, wanted to limit the number of diseases covered by the agreement to H.I.V.
Insurance experts said the fund would not cover claims brought by construction workers because they were already covered by workers' compensation and were largely barred from suing their employers over construction-related injuries.
Jack Bell BIG VICTORY FOR INTER: Luigi Di Biagio scored twice in the first half yesterday as Inter Milan took another step toward the quarterfinals of the Champions League with a 3-2 victory over Bayer Leverkusen.
Mr. Paulin is likely to accept the invitation, said James Shapiro, a professor at Columbia who knows him.
Romano Prodi, the president of the commission, said, ''We are closer to our goal, but not there yet.''
Exhibited work includes a variety of media, including oil paint on canvas, photography, fiber, foil, encaustic, glass and barbed wire.
Among other things, the new code prohibits trials in absentia.
These survivors quickly plunged into the work at the rescue site and offered comfort and prayers at the Sipesville Volunteer Fire Department.
The Border Patrol has increased the number of joint enforcement and surveillance teams with its Canadian counterparts and has stationed a liaison officer at the Mounted Police headquarters in Ottawa.
Back in the United States, Weber became a pioneer of avant-garde movements, painting first in Fauve, then in Cubist style.
''We're going to have to heat it and air-condition it and clean the pigeon poop!
Tomorrow, 11 a.m. to 6 p.m.
Many of the full-time professionals who take part in Stern's executive M.B.A. program, he said, ''are incredulous of how basic principles have been violated and at the same time questioning whether what they do for a livelihood is indeed tainted.''
This week with Joan Gussow, author and professor of nutrition at Columbia Unversity, and Kathy Lawrence, National Campaign for Sustainable Agriculture.
Young girls look at them and try to emulate them because this is what is attractive to the opposite sex.''
Or you might have noticed a little tip guide on the bottom of the credit card slip itself.
From some angles, it suggests an inflated medieval castle and is reminiscent of Claes Oldenburg's ''soft'' sculptures, whose rounded, pillowy forms it recycles.
The peaks attract the powerful, the glamour set, and day visitors in little more than tennis shoes.
Manhattan College, with 51 points, upset Iona (52) for the team title.
''They kept saying they didn't know, they didn't know,'' said Shigeo Iizuka, 64, whose daughter, Yaeko Taguchi, was one of eight kidnapping victims that North Korea has listed as dead, reportedly killed in a car accident.
''This is the most critically needed piece of ferry infrastructure in the city,'' Mr. Imperatore said.
''You can have injury, and people can get out of sorts with each other.
Wine had been made in Mexico since the 1520's, on orders from the Spanish conquerors, who commanded that 1,000 vines be planted for every 100 Indians enslaved.
30 NEW YORK/REGION 33-38 State Study Finds Failings At Adult Homes for Mentally Ill A Pataki administration study acknowledges widespread failings at New York's homes for the adult mentally ill, concluding that the state is allowing some mentally ill people to be exploited in a system plagued by inept, wasteful and fraudulent services.
If anyone suggests that Mr. Kibaki's age is an impediment, his backers compare him with Nelson Mandela, who led South Africa in his 70's.
One of a brilliant pair of vases in this style from 1900-1 has a transparent green eosin glaze with a raised design of water lily leaves and flowers.
This is a major problem for the administration.''
His largest and most impressive canvas is a softly sunlit close-up of a wrought-iron park gate with a long allée behind it (1893).
The whole mosaic of immigrant America is well represented on Mr. Beatty's bus.
Loury's change of mind has been greeted by liberals with considerable skepticism.
''Tempo,'' a wide-ranging, global-minded, erratically engaging and fuzzily conceived effort, is supposed to have something to do with movement, change, impermanence, the museum's migration and modernism's condition.
Mr. Miller had withheld his support for the bill while council leaders negotiated several other pressing measures, including the recent modification of the city's budget.
But even Mr. Karzai, by nature an optimist, is finding it hard to wait.
''But America has more friends relatively speaking in Central and Eastern Europe today than in Germany and France.
Our darling sister died on Sunday, October 6, after a long illness.
HUEY P. NEWTON spent much of his life trying to escape the constricting labels of ''hero'' and ''criminal'' affixed to him by both political friends and political enemies.
Her mother, Patrice St. John, of New Preston, Conn., retired as a co-owner of a Mailboxes Etc.
A scandal that began as one involving just insider trading rapidly exposed a series of conspiracies that had festered on Wall Street, resulting in market manipulation, companies' being tricked into mergers and secret deals that allowed insiders to profit.
In Codazzi, a town of about 20,000 where he and more than half of Monte Carmelo's employees live, rebels replaced lawyers.
Mr. Klein grew up the son of a postal worker and a bookkeeper and went from public housing to a clerkship at the Supreme Court and then to some notably difficult and challenging positions.
Donations have come from across the map: Hawaii to Texas to Maine.
The deal had been assured several weeks ago when Mr. O'Brien decided that he preferred to stay with NBC instead of pursuing an opportunity to jump to the Fox network.
Recently, yet another group purchased Villa Doria and changed its name.
''The special committee is highly confident in both the near-term and long-term prospects for Expedia as a stand-alone company,'' the committee chairman, Gregory B. Maffei, said.
Public hearings on the best use of the site could begin within about six weeks; a temporary memorial park, created in part to reassure victims' families that some significant memorial will be built, is expected to be in place by year's end; and certain important participants are pushing to have the rough outlines of an overall redevelopment plan that includes offices, cultural institutions and residential buildings settled upon within three months or so.
''It is incumbent upon us, even if it turns out to be an excess of caution, to protect the interests of everyone who participated in the wagering.''
''The Games We Played,'' an exhibition of Victorian-era children's games, through March 24.
Surviving are his wife, Mabel ''Sally'' Confer; son, Gary, & daughter, Nancy.
But, he said, Israeli forces had forced Palestinians out of three houses, arresting some of them, and then used tank shells and rockets to destroy the buildings.
And in that case, when the American Jesuit John Courtney Murray preached this inspiration -- the sacred inviolability of the individual conscience -- to the fourth session of Vatican II, was he too not a Protestant prophet?
agents, has been embraced by sellers of tax-evasion programs, who found it to be a powerful shield against prosecution or civil action to halt their operations.
He needs to remember this: The rest of the world is saying the same thing to us.
This absence of peace is attributable to the continuing inability of the Arab world to accept and acknowledge an independent state of Israel in the Middle East.
''The anthrax alert sent all the support staff scurrying for means of protection to handle daily mail deliveries.
Three minutes from the finish, the Brazilian forward Luizão was pulled down at the edge of the penalty area by the defender Alpay Ozalan.
Many election-funding experts predict that some of the soft money that went to the political parties will be re-routed to these organizations.
Taurasi, who grew up in Southern California as the daughter of immigrants -- her father is from Italy, her mother Argentina -- has brought a certain flair and spontaneity to the game.
French men did not escape her attention.
''It distresses me greatly to have become a lightning rod of division when mine should be a ministry of unity.
Bure's goal was his fourth in three games and his 16th in 15 games with the Rangers, who obtained him from the Florida Panthers last March 18.
Then in the second section, ''San Sebastian,'' three hepcats, Guillermo Asca, Matthew Rushing and Mr. Brown court Dwana Adiaha Smallwood and Linda Celeste Sims, who are wonderful in their Chita Rivera numbers.
Jocelyn Diodonet is a 9-year-old with a spotlight smile, a perennial gripe that her math books are too easy and a few extra pennies in her pocket on Fridays for the children of Afghanistan.
The holes he ran through in high school were massive and grew smaller in college.
Homes were ransacked, political literature burned.
The lush, red-carpeted locker room is neat as a museum, quiet as a morgue.
Governors today also discussed welfare policy, so they could advise Congress on revisiting a 1996 law that abolished the individual entitlement to cash assistance and gives each state a lump sum of federal money to help poor families.
The solution is to make the schools more conducive to parent involvement, even while encouraging parents to be more involved in their children's education.
In what appeared to be an effort to end the debate over the administration's real goals of disarming Iraq or removing Mr. Hussein from power, Mr. Bush said one could not come without the other.
In the last two years, the Nasdaq has lost almost three-quarters of its value, the worst performance by a major market index since the Depression.
A two-hour drive from the Texas border, its wealthy suburbs could be in San Diego or Houston, along with its air-conditioned malls, Pizza Huts, McDonalds and KFC outlets.
It predicted that sales this year may fall 5 percent, as cheaper imports cut its market share.
We're not complaining; we'll live with it.
She told of literally escaping from Mr. Traynor, who was already seeing his second wife, Marilyn Chambers, another pornography star.
A book review in Science Times last Tuesday about ''How to Build a Time Machine,'' by Paul Davies, reversed the comparison between the running of time on a mountaintop and at sea level.
George E. Pataki of New York; Representative Anne M. Northup of Kentucky; and many others.
''I feel like I'm sexiest in my horizontal prison-stripe dress,'' she said.
In fact, he has been a white crow among the ravens.''
Coach Don Chaney thought the Knicks might be able to build on their 99-83 victory over Houston on Friday; they had been able to nullify the Rockets' 7-6 Yao Ming.
More her style is the analysis of the feminist historian Elizabeth Fox-Genovese, who has observed that ''those who have experienced dismissal by the junior-high-school girls' clique could hardly, with a straight face, claim generosity and nurture as a natural attribute of women.''
What worries me most for my daughters' future is not Saddam Hussein.
Attending the dinner were top representatives of the four major regulators: Harvey L. Pitt, the chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission, and Stephen M. Cutler, the S.E.C.
Its morning exercise program (''Inhale'') is yoga, performed in muted tones of sea-green and putty designer sweats.
Then he quickly added: ''I had no immediate plans to conduct military operations.''
Paul Taylor, chief economist for the National Automobile Dealers Association, said that European cars might increase in price, but only because of dollar fluctuations.
Ferries from Pier 41 on Fisherman's Wharf; a cafe on the island has a schedule that varies by season.
That set off an alarm.
About the size of a toaster, they carry written and recorded instructions.
Swift has been buffeted by a series of miscues and controversial decisions.
Mr. Warner explained his theory of giving a party: finger foods.
It's a way to test the waters.
He was quiet, polite, well spoken, even eloquent in expressing his feelings, some said.
For every ''Dennis Cleveland,'' the innovative television talk show opera by Mikel Rouse, there are five ''Great Gatsbys'': operas, that is, that follow the time-honored formula of constructing arias, ensembles and instrumental interludes around a conventional narrative and inflating the whole thing onto a suitably grand scale.
It is not exactly incompatible (though both Rumsfeld and Wolfowitz say the Card scolding never happened, while Card, through a spokesman, confirms it), but it casts the day in a somewhat different light.
There have been particularly heated debates in the Commons about Canadian troops in Afghanistan handing prisoners over to Americans.
Officers suggest that you pull over, if requested, even if you think your getaway car can outrun the Interceptor, with its 235-horsepower V-8.
The online growth of the Hispanic population is ''a great opportunity for marketers and businesses,'' said Carolyn Clark, a media analyst at Nielsen/NetRatings, based in New York.
Henceforth, he said, assumptions like the right of the state to bring about redistribution through such ''coercive means'' as progressive taxation ''will need to be defended and argued for instead of being taken for granted.''
It was thus in 1964, when Congress passed the Gulf of Tonkin resolution, it was thus in 1991, when it approved military action in the Persian Gulf, and it was thus once again this week, when it authorized action against Iraq.
The idiosyncratic decorations people are applying to their sheep reflect the nature of Shelter Island itself, Ms. Merck said.
This is a game that no one knew better than Franklin himself, the moralizing of a man's character.
Property owners then received a letter asking them to verify Cole's synopsis of the property.
It is legal to bring foreign antibiotics into the country, but only for personal use.
''In the Latino community especially, girls have to be home,'' Pabon said.
Ramco-Gershenson Properties Trust, Southfield, Mich., 3.5 million shares.
Some people avoid it by fleeing overseas.
''That great Clinton economy is over.
But I had avoided them all, until now.
With the delivery route of its nutrients narrowed, the placenta begins to deteriorate, which, in turn, can cause the fetus to stop growing.
In a letter sent by fax last Friday, Lorillard's vice president and general counsel, Ronald S. Milstein, told Legacy that his company intended to take the foundation to court in 30 days to stop it from ''vilifying and personally attacking tobacco companies and their employees.''
Then, as if cued by the setting sun, they coalesced into a line and scampered single file into the mouth of a cave.
-- Amy M. Spindler Fashion: The Supremes ''Alexander McQueen is the season's best designer because his clothes are beautiful and his silhouette original.
Six women, friends since they met as freshman at Hamilton College in Clinton, N.Y., and about to turn 40, cooked up the idea of a birthday trip together but had no specific destination in mind.
That wasn't always the case.
After returning home, Sophie, a precocious child of about 8, mailed Ms. Goodell a drawing she had done of her.
These are painfully allegorical movies for Mr. Lucas.
A poet tells of growing up in southern New Jersey in a landscape blighted by toxic substances and radioactive waste, and of the profound effect her exposure to these poisons had on her health as an adult.
–Why is a prison being built in Pembroke?
They tried it once, got their fingers burned, and got accused of losing their moral compass.''
The clubs wanted no phase-in.
He was charged with third-degree official misconduct for failure to report the drug activity, of which the prosecutor said he was aware.
Dr. Kass says he does not seek practical restraints on biomedical research.
And their love borders on obsession.
In the meantime, the insurers will be subject to four months of questioning by the doctors' lawyers.
''And into that vacuum stepped people like Ted Turner and George Steinbrenner, who said if you can't take care of yourself nationally, we'll do it regionally.''
''This looks like a very contentious process,'' said Igor Volshteyn, an analyst with the Tejas Securities Group in Austin, Tex.
After accepting a reduced role as a third-line center, Messier began the season with the respectable production of 7 goals and 15 assists in 36 games as the Rangers surged to the top of the Eastern Conference.
But that is not the case with Napa zinfandels, which have lots of peppery kick but also a fair amount of acidity.
So, he says, Washington does share responsibility for the current chaos.
In lieu of flowers, donations may be sent to: Armand Zildjian Percussion Scholarship, c/o Berklee College of Music, 1140 Boylston Street, Boston, MA 02215; and the Zildjian Family Opportunity Fund, c/o Percussive Arts Society, 701 NW Ferris Ave, Lawton, OK 73507.
''Our meditation is complete, Jesus is laid in the tomb and we find ourselves ironically standing at the foot of the World Trade Center, ground zero, which has become a final resting place, a tomb, for far too many people,'' he said.
Providence held the Spiders (4-4) to 33 percent shooting.
In the Tottenville Beach section of Staten Island, where Mrs. DelGrosso lives, neighbors said they were stunned by her arrest and the allegations against her.
State legislatures in America are required to map out political districts every 10 years, after each census.
Galleries: SoHo * TACITA DEAN, ''The Russian Ending,'' Peter Blum, 99 Wooster Street, (212) 343-0441 (through Feb. 16).
Last fall, Mr. Bush began efforts to respond, with a speech at the United Nations outlining his support for a Palestinian state.
Thomas J. Falk, the chief executive, said the company would face higher costs in the fourth quarter for changing the size of some packages and introducing diapers that open on the sides and have stretch waistbands.
The estrogen of those who were stretching increased 3 percent on average.
Their interest is in getting access to German viewers, whether by cable or by satellite.
A third opinion by Judge Reinhardt was affirmed.
Hedge funds, with their bank-backed leverage multiplied by investment in derivatives, ought to be required to disclose their operations, same as mutual funds.
The Swedish actress Signe Hasso plays his supportive ex-wife.
Still, the combination of Eisley in the starting lineup and Ward off the bench has been solid lately.
In early May, the already crowded field got another competitor when Zachys, a wine emporium in Scarsdale, N.Y., announced its return to the auction arena, five months after its seven-year partnership with Christie's dissolved.
One has hardly had time to wrap the mind around these questions before the scene shifts again, from the heavens into the depths of the sea.
Some relatives have also protested that arrangement, saying that they want nothing to breach the area below the tower footprints all the way down to the bedrock, six floors below ground.
Bankruptcy court judges, too, often limit the size of the paydays.
Designed to deliver lidocaine, an anesthetic, the system is a small wearable device containing a patch filled with the drug.
In separate interviews, the tribal leaders, Pashtun Muslims, expressed other views the Bush administration would certainly find discouraging: that the core of American policy is a hatred of Muslims and that Osama bin Laden was not responsible for the Sept. 11 attacks.
The retail corridor along Fifth Avenue from the Flatiron Building at 23rd Street south to 15th Street has been undergoing a transformation in recent years -- changing from a largely undistinguished collection of delicatessens, coffee shops and shoe and furniture stores to something of a fashion destination.
The United Nations moved out in 1951, however, and the huge property was owned by a series of military contractors until it was sold by Lockheed Martin in 2000 for $21 million to a partnership called I.park Lake Success.
To the Editor: ''Defying Taboo, Nazi Protagonists Invade Video Games'' (Jan. 3) ends up casting Day of Defeat as the evil game and Return to Castle Wolfenstein as the not-bad one.
There is excess capacity throughout the food chain, from servers to storage systems that are coupled with this and that and the software that hangs off of that.
The faux Reagan is doing well projecting the image of Protector in Chief.
The United States replaced windows in the control tower that were blown out when two American bombs landed near the terminal.
The two-term prime minister, who had become a familiar and respected figure both in Dutch and European politics, announced last year that he would step down as party leader and not run again.
Advocates for gay rights and legal marijuana were disappointed, with voters approving a referendum to ban gay marriages and defeating another measure that would have legalized possession of up to three ounces of marijuana.
After eight months of learning to line-dry their clothes and eat by candlelight, Brazilians were told today that they no longer needed to reduce their electric power use sharply.
''He can deal with the schedule, the traveling and everything else and being ready to play.''
Investors have learned the hard way to trust their eyes, not their ears.
Certainly there have been no hints of histrionics or ultimatums.
MOROCCO: Secretary Powell declared his intention to meet with Yasir Arafat, who has been besieged in Ramallah.
'' The arrival of spring usually marks the end of the ritual courtship between summer renter and landlord.
''+It doesn't hurt, of course, that thanks to Dornoch's latitude one can fit three rounds into a summer day without rushing to beat the sunset.
''The original design always indicated that the boomer columns were to be encased in concrete,'' Mr. Sommer said.
The weather is gorgeous in Los Angeles this late February morning, sunny and clear and unseasonably warm (the temperature will climb into the 80's in the afternoon), and Mr. Lynch, from the compound where he lives and works in the Hollywood Hills, has a sensational vantage point on the unfolding day.
Regulators require that workers' compensation insurance include protection against terrorism.
For the other, many American defenders and midfielders struggled in Saturday's match against South Korea, whom the Americans will face in the World Cup this year.
Alternately witty and sad, it is anecdotal history in which Ms. Haran brings multiple perspectives to classic songs, sometimes playing the historian, at others the psychologist and at still others dreaming herself inside the lyric.
And there seem to be problems with the sound.
'' His suggestion of substituting nonsense words left a lasting, if mistaken, impression.
Admission: $3; $2 for adults 62-plus and students.
There is also another practical consideration: the enormous cost of running campaigns these days may have taken the romance out of fighting to the bitter end.
doormen, concierge, renovated kitchen, wood staircase, home office, washer/dryer in unit; maintenance $3,039, 42% tax-deductible; listed at $1.99 million, 28 weeks on market (Broker: Insignia Douglas Elliman) UPPER WEST SIDE 699,000 105 West 72nd Street 2-bedroom, 1 1/2-bath, 1,172-sq.-ft. condo in a prewar building; elevator, dining area, windowed kitchen, high ceilings, h/w floors, south exposure; common charge $728; taxes $3,600; listed at $699,000, 13 weeks on market (Broker: Klara Madlin Real Estate) BRONX KINGSBRIDGE 258,000 3448 Kingsbridge Avenue 3-bedroom, 2-bath, 80-year-old detached wood-frame house; dining room, eat-in kitchen, den, 25-by-100-ft. lot; taxes $2,500; listed at $269,000, 1 week on market (Broker: McDonagh Properties) RIVERDALE 325,000 5653 Post Road 2-bedroom, 2-bath, 74-year-old detached wood-frame colonial; dining room, eat-in kitchen, finished basement, 100-by-59-ft. irregular lot; taxes $1,990; listed at $370,000, 2 weeks on market (Broker: Trebach) BROOKLYN COBBLE HILL 335,000 29 Tiffany Place 2-bedroom, 1-bath, 859-sq.-ft. condo in a converted prewar factory building; dining area, eat-in kitchen, high ceilings, h/w floors, 2 roof decks and gym in building; common charge $373; 100% tax-exempt for 12 years; listed at $359,000, 1 week on market (Broker: Harbor View) PARK SLOPE 350,000 404 Sixth Street 1-bedroom, 1-bath, 1,300-sq.-ft. duplex co-op in a brownstone; sun room, decorative mantel, finished basement, washer/dryer in unit; maintenance $547, 44% tax-deductible; listed at $359,000, 2 weeks on market (Broker: Brooklyn Properties of 7th Avenue) WINDSOR TERRACE 672,000 10 Reeve Place 2-family, 2-story, 19-year-old detached house; renovated kitchen, recreation room in first-floor unit; terrace off other unit; 2 bedrooms, 1 bath, dining area, h/w floors in each; 25-by-103-ft. irregular lot and additional adjacent lot of the same size negotiated as part of the sale; listed at $672,000, 8 weeks on market (Broker: John P. Burke Real Estate) QUEENS BAYSIDE 307,000 32-11 200th Street 3-bedroom, 1-bath, 72-year-old semiattached colonial; dining room, renovated kitchen and bath, sun porch, home office, new parquet floors and roof, private driveway, 22-by-100-ft. lot; taxes $1,050; listed at $307,000, 1 week on market (Broker: ReMax/Millennium) FOREST HILLS 242,000 104-20 68th Street (James Monroe) 2-bedroom, 2-bath, 1,550-sq.-ft. co-op in a postwar building; 24-hr.
A federal grand jury in Manhattan is investigating allegations that some of the city's veteran tax assessors routinely reduced property tax bills in the 1990's for the owners of skyscrapers, apartment houses, factories and warehouses in Manhattan in return for millions of dollars in bribes.
While ''we're pleased with the creative'' work produced by TBWA/ Chiat/Day, he added, ''we wanted to leverage the proven track record B.B.H.
Her father owns K International Transport Company, a freight forwarding company in New York.
He has been training for six years, not to win a single medal but to capture the entire event itself, to bring the Summer Olympics to New York City in 2012.
Once again Mr. Wasson, a vice president of J. P. Morgan & Company who died in 1986, was the first to describe the powers of salvia (a cousin of the sage grown in the United States), 40 years ago in a little-read monograph.
Although war is not a foregone conclusion, Mr. Schlesinger, a member of the Defense Policy Board that advises the Pentagon, said he believed that the return of United Nations inspectors to Iraq would be a transitory interlude that would fail and lead to military action.
''They have taken art courses, and they are in no way ignorant of who Picasso is, but at the same time they are drawn to traditional themes like the Mysterious Peacock and Lampião.
Twelve-mile-per-gallon Range Rovers prowl the streets.
Mr. Toffler said he was also disturbed that Ms. Walters called Ms. Osbourne last week to ask her to request that MTV postpone its own ''Osbournes'' special, which was scheduled for last night.
At the time, Mr. Smith delivered a 55-minute speech to the Senate that savaged the party, saying, ''Maybe it's a party in the sense of wearing hats and blowing whistles, but it's not a party that means anything.''
Twelve-year-old Michelle Wie was having too much fun to worry about missing the cut in her L.P.G.A.
Arthur Andersen provided the getaway car.
''One of the tellers, who was a pre-law student, was dating a rather shady character,'' she writes.
Perhaps the oldest Halloween tradition in New Jersey, and undoubtedly the largest, is another feast for the eyes: the Toms River Halloween Parade.
Mr. Moylan said in addition to famous New Yorkers like Boss Tweed, who has an appropriately ''ostentatious'' monument at his grave, the cemetery is home to a good number of the characters featured in ''Gangs of New York,'' the new Martin Scorsese film.
The deal, if completed, would create the fifth-largest gold mining company, with 17 mines on four continents able to produce 3.8 million ounces of gold a year.
FROM the recent Supreme Court decision supporting vouchers for religious schools to a lower court objection to the phrase ''one nation under God'' in the pledge of allegiance to wrangling over cloning, stem-cell research, euthanasia and genetic engineering, religion has been re-entering the public arena in complex and unforeseen ways.
Rice, an industry analyst at Merrill Lynch.
But he tells me that he is trying to rent an apartment in Manhattan for the sole purpose of meeting women.
But Blake, who was born in Yonkers and left Harvard after his sophomore year to see how far his late-blooming talent might carry him, is no longer known for one incident.
Mr. Spano, a Democrat, has been spending his own campaign funds to buy commercial time on major television networks, urging voters to ''call the politicians in Albany and tell them to stop raising our property taxes.''
''The problem in the religion area,'' Professor Cassidy said, ''is that, in matters of spirituality, what isn't within the purposes of the charity?''
''Here we are coming from a humble community college in this God-forsaken place and the door is being opened for us into the Ivy League,'' said Edwin Cruz, a 38-year-old student from the Bronx who works as an executive assistant at the South Bronx Mental Health Council.
''This whole learning thing is going to help me a lot when I go back to school in the fall.''
''I never had much use for people telling me what to do,'' he recalls.
In their next turns, in the eighth inning, Vaughn and Piazza each stroked singles, the first driving in a run and the second moving Gary Matthews Jr., who was running for Vaughn, into position to score the tying run.
''While there may be an occasional problem with a skateboarder, I don't get complaints, whereas with the bicycles it seems there isn't an elderly woman who hasn't come up to me and said she had a near accident,'' she added.
The writer was Davy Crockett, but apparently some things never change.
It may seem sudden to you, he tells McCall, but it's been on the way a long time.
Our own dog had recently died.
''It makes me wonder what the censors would have said about Adam and Eve.''
The company, Aphelion Inc., changed its telephone recording to provide the correct number.
New Jersey south of the Raritan River and a wide band covering most of inland and northern Maine are listed on the index as suffering extreme drought, expected only once in 20 years.
Amnesty International reported that 213 people were executed in Egypt in the past decade compared with 35 in the previous one.
It requires sustained attention and constant vigilance.
Dr. Hosni Attari, director of Ramallah Hospital, said the hospital has used almost the last of the water in its storage tanks.
The manner in which the military government has chosen to use its money raises questions for future donors -- the kind of questions Mrs. Aung San Suu Kyi has presented in advocating sanctions over the years.
''There is not a single, well-designed long-term study that demonstrates five-year success rates,'' he said.
IN other blemished sports at the Winter Games, players from the Big Six nations arrived here yesterday like an airdrop of human hockey packets, changing from professionals to Olympians like lines on the fly.
The Security Council must reconvene if Iraq fails to comply.
He found time to study government, economics and history as well, before receiving his law degree in 1934 and a fellowship the following year that enabled him to study with Felix Frankfurter.
In the future, airlines will need to compete more effectively in a tougher environment, he acknowledged.
On Tuesday, as elected officials, policy and budget experts and reporters waited eagerly for news of movement in budget and school negotiations, Mr. Bloomberg's press office announced that he would have no public schedule the next day.
But consultants say employees may be able to make up some of the difference by taking better advantage of their benefit packages.
At 8:46 a.m., employees gathered on the new trading floor for a moment of silence, followed by a half-hour memorial service led by Fred D. Price, the firm's chief operating officer, and Jimmy Dunne, its senior managing partner.
Use shears to snip through the knuckle shell, pry open and remove meat.
Anwara Begum, it seems, was always aware of such things, which is why she never asked what her husband did with the money she sent every month, nearly half of her earnings.
Already well known for his winning seasons at Kentucky, he would later become a legend at Alabama.
Even before yesterday's plunge the market was heading for its sixth consecutive weekly fall and on Monday completed the worst quarter for stocks since the October 1987 crash.
If you're amused by this sort of thing, you'll be in heaven yourself, at least for an hour and a half.
''You run into a team with no injuries in the middle of a hot spell, anything can happen in the first round.
The Marx Brothers, bumbling through Freedonia, come to mind, but at least they were in on the joke.
''Before this, I always thought I was an oddball,'' said Schwab, explaining how others related to his passion for seagoing solitude.
Her daughter's dad is also an addict, in a day program in another town.
If AT&T's stock stays where it is, SBC, which the market now values at $125 billion, could come along and offer a 50 percent premium to AT&T's shareholders and still give away less than 20 percent of the merged company.
Tickets: $10 suggested donation (Dunning).
After the birth of her second child, Ms. Pruner visited the inspection station again.
DR. LARRY NORTON, breast cancer specialist at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center; president, American Society of Clinical Oncology.
At the Pentagon today, officials said a formal investigation would begin within 48 hours.
The ensuing riots in Kaduna, a city in northern Nigeria, left an estimated 220 dead and 400 injured.
The thing about football is that there is no perfect call.
''Now they see it's worth it, and that's what's sad,'' he said.
I put in parsley and mint.
Survived by her daughter Jill, her son-in-law Herb Emers and her loving grandchildren Jenny, Nola and David.
The clubs want to extend the draft worldwide, covering those other players.
''Jason is a great player,'' Johnson said.
That's why the lads have jet-lag circles under their eyes.
One of the most interesting and best-contested playoff rounds in modern hockey history will end just as it should: with Game 7 between the two best teams in the National Hockey League.
Helping qualified workers apply for benefits and look for jobs is taxing Ms. Snead's office.
A10 NATIONAL A12-19 Bipartisan Drive Succeeds In Gaining Soft-Money Vote Advocates of overhauling the system of campaign financing gained enough support -- 218 members' signatures on a petition -- to force a full House vote on their legislation, saying their efforts had gained momentum from the Enron situation.
Another work affected by a new cast was Martha Clarke's ''Garden of Villandry.''
However, the atmosphere around the talks was noticeably friendlier than in the past, largely owing to the cordial demeanor of the head of the Iraqi delegation, Foreign Minister Naji Sabri.
America, he said, cannot impose that vision on other countries, but it can provide financial aid and support for the countries that accept it.
But the most surprising finding, according to its lead author, Dr. Shakoor Hajat of the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Health, was that the rate of increase was at its steepest on the hot days recorded in May and June, 5.4 percent per degree.
Despite being almost as much a part of American culture as Norman Rockwell, Walt Disney, W.P.A.
But if he had any decency, I think he would at least come and apologize.
None of this would work if not for the performance by Mr. LaBeouf, a 15-year-old actor who does a more convincing job of portraying someone with a developmental disability than various big-name adults have managed.
That incident, she said, triggered her first call to Monsignor Spengler, the vicar for southern Queens.
''Standardization could mean those horrible boxes we got in the 50's and 60's,'' she said.
''Success glued them together but neither had much good to say about the other in private,'' one former WorldCom executive said.
''What we have to do better, our ends have to learn to come back,'' Edwards said.
The chairman of the Quintiles Transnational Corporation offered yesterday to buy the company, a provider of drug research and marketing, for about $1.3 billion.
Or that Baltimore, a team that even its coach admitted was in a rebuilding year, would lead the A.F.C.
The Clorox Company said yesterday that its second-quarter profit would be cut by $20 million to $30 million because of a decline in the value of its Argentine acquisitions.
''Safety comes first, whether it is a government agency or a private company.''
He wanted to turn everything upside down.
''We might have written it ourselves,'' said Rob Warden, director of the Center on Wrongful Convictions at Northwestern University.
Dr. Tom Ferguson was puzzled when a patient on an IV drip of the antibiotic gentamicin suddenly experienced a sharp fall in blood pressure and a racing pulse.
In June, an institutional money manager in London, the Universities Superannuation Scheme, wrote to the American companies in which it owned shares and asked them to appoint a separate chairman.
In the 1980's he appeared in a television series in which he returned to the region he described 30 years earlier in ''Journey to the Alcarría'' in the comfort of a Rolls-Royce driven by a beautiful woman dressed in white gowns.
''I didn't even know this, but one of the trainers told me the other day I'm the only white guy on the whole defense,'' McGraw said.
The regular winter season repertory resumes with the premieres of those as-yet-untitled new works by as-yet-unnamed choreographers for which City Ballet is famous and the return of the effervescent ''Coppélia,'' created by Balanchine and Alexandra Danilova.
At the same time that all Americans were forced to confront the fact of their country's vulnerability, investors were also made to understand how much about the markets and the companies they owned had been illusory in recent years.
There are no set plans for the next album, but Mr. Rudolph said Ms. Spears might take a more overtly sexual approach, echoing songs on her recent album, like ''I'm a Slave 4 U'' and ''Boys.''
''That's all I hear from people,'' says slow, but it's coming.''
Her many contributions to the School and to all our students who benefited from her wisdow and caring will always be remembered.
In its most recent issue, Private School Insider, a bimonthly newsletter for parents and administrators, enumerates these challenges.
That said, they have plenty of their own health issues, including Jeremy Shockey's turf toe and a depleted receiving corps.
Defense lawyers also complain that plaintiffs' lawyers try to squeeze as much money out of companies as possible, without putting the defendant out of business.
Israeli radio reported later that the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine claimed responsibility for the attack and identified the dead man as Wael Abu Libde of Rafah, a Gaza village on the Egyptian border.
Then there is the city's decision to take 10 years, instead of the current 5, to pay money it owes the municipal pension funds so that they will be able to pay higher benefits to city retirees.
1 album in Britain, ''The Last Broadcast'' (Capitol), translated into a sold-out show on Thursday night.
These are boom times for Mr. Rawlings, who is in the business of installing solar power systems, because New Jersey is underwriting a revolution in energy that could rival Edison's contribution a century ago.
I have told the president directly on numerous occasions that in my view and in the view of a lot of us he must do everything he possibly can to achieve our objectives with the support of the United Nations.
Mr. Potischman, 28, is an associate with Davis, Polk & Wardwell, the New York law firm.
While the eight people were directors of CRH when they were clients of the bank, they are not currently on the board.
The son of an Army general, he grew accustomed to abrupt moves to new military bases.
The daughter testified that her mother told her the rabbi had called earlier that day and told his wife to expect a messenger.
While Bradway said that he wanted to concentrate on Buffalo and that he was not yet watching the scoreboard, he was fully aware of how the Jets' early-season troubles could affect their standing at the end of the season.
Four players who failed to complete the first round were at four under par: Nick Faldo (13 holes), David Gossett (15 holes), Jerry Kelly (11 holes) and Steve Stricker (11 holes).
I just got my license, and I had swerved to miss a deer.
But from factories like Mr. Stolls's, where workers crank out decorations, to the halls of fashion magazines to the offices of toy companies, Christmas and winter weather are foremost in the minds of many workers whose bread and butter depends on the holiday season.
Bondholders, determined not to lose control of the receivables, have petitioned an Ohio court to install an independent receiver to take over a National Century subsidiary that manages the cash flow in the bond trusts.
Eager to avert a strike, officials with the Metropolitan Transportation Authority said their lawyers would file motions in New York State Supreme Court in Brooklyn today to prohibit a walkout.
Thus, the draft's latest quarterback quiz: Carr or Harrington?
Enron's lawyers dismissed criticism of the ties between Mr. Cooper and other parties.
George E. Pataki and Tom Golisano ratcheted up a few notches yesterday, as a state court judge knocked one of Mr. Golisano's running mates off the ballot and Mr. Golisano asked the Manhattan district attorney to investigate Mr. Pataki's campaign for voter registration fraud.
The sandbag keeps the props he carries on the visible side from pulling the saddle off.
At 18, she left Wellesley College to study sculpture with Alexander Archipenko in New York, and to sketch nudes at the Grand Chaumière in Paris.
The principal had to be maintained ''inviolate in perpetuity.''
A remake of the Robert Aldrich movie ''The Longest Yard'' (1974), it features Mr. Jones in the Burt Reynolds role as a former football player sentenced to a high-security prison, where he coaches a team of inmates in a no-holds-barred match against the guards.
What's going on inside the borders of Israel has more than proved the two nations cannot live together peacefully.
We have our local cheese makers making French-style cheeses.
''I always tell myself that with every play, and of course plays are never like that, or least mine aren't.
But even some who defend the mammography trials say the screening questions have to be raised anew with each test.
You will need to check more often and turn over the contents now and then.
But there was no indication that the poem he'd chosen, ''Tympan Alley,'' was a witty homage to the sophisticated lyrics of the Cole Porter-George Gershwin era of American popular song.
Cherished grandfather of Lee A. Wilson & Hallie N. Wilson.
For the Europeans, the critical shortfalls include airlift, stocks of precision-guided munitions and the capability of air-to-air refueling.
William A. Genuario performed the ceremony at St. Catherine of Siena Church in Riverside, Conn. Mrs. Troso, 30, is a marketing manager for Time Inc. in New York, involved in keeping subscribers to Fortune, Money and Business 2.0 magazines.
He said advertising revenue had dropped since the Cablevision takeover.
The Pakistani Constitution gives equal rights to women and men in Pakistan.
In the Korea First case, the government agreed to commit $1.4 billion in public funds to cover the hidden debts.
-- said Mr. Bush had ''said the same thing that Clinton said and that Reagan said,'' then added, ''I have been listening to the same phrase for 42 years.''
The Federal Communications Commission approved rules for such video description in 2000 as part of a broad plan to make telecommunications and technology like wireless phones more accessible to people with disabilities.
Born in Wilson, North Carolina, he attended the University of North Carolina where he was Phi Beta Kappa.
More than anyone, Mr. Rove urged a president who hates to travel to campaign relentlessly for Republican candidates.
On the Palestinian side, leaders avoided declaring any retreat in resisting what they call the Israeli ''occupation,'' in part from a proud reluctance to give any impression that they were bowing to Israeli or American pressures.
James Baker was Bush-past's chief of staff and later his secretary of state.
''It came two years too late,'' said Yolanda Cruz, 55, whose son, Oliver Cruz, 33, was executed in Texas in August of 2000 for the rape and murder of a 24-year-old woman, Kelly Donovan.
Widow of Darwin F. Kabat.
They played Parker's ''Moose the Mooche,'' with Mr. Haynes contributing a strong improvisation in a more beseeching and conventional jazz vein; it sounded exotic after a long immersion in Mr. Coleman's rigor.
's,'' said Meredith M. Brown, co-chairman of the corporate law department at the New York firm of Debevoise & Plimpton.
Ms. Triano said he had nightmares for decades about trying to storm the caves in the Philippines, looking for the Japanese.
This is the sort of itinerary change required, for example, by a business traveler who misses an afternoon flight because a meeting ran long and wants to book a later one.
As an executive at Grumman, Mr. Gabreski had better luck, bringing in Air Force contacts to the aerospace firm that had historically worked with the Navy.
But if anything, Mr. Scorsese has for the most part spared us the more sordid details of the reality.
What we're really looking for are idealized facsimiles of real life -- lives lived in universes where the dots have already been connected by some steady, unseen hand, where the simple presence of an extended metaphor touches the part of us that wants to know God.
Miramax, having spent $2 million for distribution rights to ''Shaolin Soccer,'' Chow's 50th movie, is betting that his luck will hold when the film opens in America next year.
But in the weeks that followed, something went wrong.
The Natural Resources Defense Council released documents today from the Environmental Protection Agency that shed light on the heated debate in the agency over the Bush administration's proposals to change clean air rules.
''A lot of people wanted to taste very many different wines.
A central Baghdad government would still control defense, foreign affairs, oil fields and national infrastructure.
''The university expects to resolve the situation soon and we'll have no further statements until that time.''
He said in the interview that he held the options 10 years and that they would have been worthless if he had not exercised them by May 15.
I look back with a certain kind of fondness at the guts we all had.''
Also that month, five backup transformers that Con Edison kept in Queens were shipped by barge along the East River to the lower tip of Manhattan, and then transported to the building on flatbed trucks.
Longo also ran for another touchdown and had a 75-yard touchdown run called back because of a penalty.
Knight Trading, which neither admitted nor denied the allegations, said the settlement covers an ''infinitesimal'' number of transactions, less than one-half of 1 percent of those handled by Knight.
Ms. Nair loves the season, but the real reason for using it as a cinematic backdrop was that it enabled her to bring along her son, who was on summer vacation.
The speech was studded with other promises and requests.
Now I arrive early and bring along my cellphone and a good book, and let the security people take their time in doing their jobs.
You go from being the man to being nothing, you don't matter.
''Of course smoking is not good for you, but this is an example of unnecessary government interference in small businesses.
The likelihood that the workers at any one institution would suffer life-threatening side effects is exceedingly small, and experts say the risk of spreading vaccinia virus to vulnerable patients can be readily controlled by simple protective measures.
At issue between Northrop and the government are sensors that go inside a variety of satellites used for military and commercial purposes.
''You find a boom town.''
A man who tried to handcuff Archbishop Edward M. Egan during a Mass at St. Patrick's Cathedral last year pleaded guilty yesterday to disturbing the peace.
Smaller demonstrations were reported in many other German cities.
In fact, you had better think highly of me because I need you to.''
Although there may have been ''universal disappointment when the architectural experts saw the disrepair of Caumsett'' [''Four Centuries of Architectural Icons,'' Oct. 20], the critics' comments did a disservice to the magnificent teaching program run by Queens College at Caumsett State Park, using the Marshall Field mansion as a classroom.
Just as artists colonized the empty factories of SoHo in the 1970's, then the drug-ridden tenements of the East Village in the 1980's, a trickle of young bohemians are now finding their way after dark to the financial district, where the post-Sept. 11 exodus of businesses and some residents has left the neighborhood with an unlikely cachet of cool.
He had made only one error in 403 career regular-season games before throwing the ball away in the decisive seventh game of last year's Series, but Rivera insisted there is no connection and no lingering doubt about making such plays.
''He had a hurt ankle, and our guys still couldn't stay in front of him.''
A10 Amram Mitzna, a retired major general and the two-term mayor of Haifa, formally announced that he was running for leader of Israel's Labor Party.
In the long term, Dr. Sanjayan and Mr. Neiman believe, auditing will result in better returns on the money invested annually, roughly $6.5 billion, in private conservation efforts around the world.
Stephen Morris, Ms. Bushnell's most recent former boyfriend, who had flown over from London for the event, looked amused.
Twellman converted the penalty kick himself for his 23rd goal of the season.
As Secretary of State Colin L. Powell said in a recent speech, democracy must deliver a better life to sustain itself.
Now a grown-up reader, I found myself astonished by the unflagging quality of the prose, the range of Tolkien's descriptive powers, by how integrally involved the plot is with the landscape.
Asked what they had to contribute to a home cook's springlike and healthful menu, both David Pasternak at Esca and Eric Ripert at Le Bernardin did not hesitate.
''All those girls have been consistently beating me throughout the year and I was planning on getting sixth or seventh.
When I was attacked, my parents told me, 'Don't worry, these things happen.'
The researchers were prompted to explore the role of heat dissipation because of the prevalence of cocaine deaths in hot weather, suggesting that problems getting rid of heat might a factor in the deaths.
''I'm only concerned with cleanliness.''
By the way, the population of New York City is about twice as large as America's total farm population.
If chardonnay fatigue has set in, Channing Daughters and Gristina offer contrasting ideas of a common wine, both sprightly.
But if we do not work to conserve fish now, we may repeat the groundfish collapse of the 1990's, this time putting fishermen out of a job forever.
Maddux (10-3) allowed one earned run in five and two-thirds innings to snap Philadelphia's four-game winning streak and hand Joe Roa his first loss of the year at any level.
Venture capital firms represented on the panel included GreenHills Ventures, New York Community Investment Corporation, Milestone Venture Partners and Enhanced Capital Partners, all of Manhattan, Signature Bank of New Rochelle and Morgan Stanley of White Plains.
Finally, have each student choose one person from his or her list whom they would like to interview regarding an event from the decade in which they were their age.
I personally prefer the games live, or even delayed.
If we say self-appraisal again and again, 101 times, 503 times, 612 times, maybe we can create it.
Old favorites that never left your grandmother's piano, like oxalis, begonia, hypoestes (polka dot plant) and tropical ferns, are going outside to join abutilon (flowering maple), strobilanthes (Persian shield), justicia (shrimp plant), bouvardia and cigar flower.
She succeeds; ''Tully'' has late-summer lushness to spare.
Adrover's hair is braided halfway down his back, and his hands, which are long and expressive, are accented by inch-long nails on both pinkies.
Nomo (2-5) gave up seven runs, six earned, in four and two-thirds innings and fell to 2-10 against the Marlins.
''It used to be recommended by the airlines, if you got a sympathetic res agent,'' said Jeff Gilbert, president of Village Travel, a travel agency in Brookline, Mass.
Artist Emporiums: Some artist's product lines -- videos, books, art supplies -- rival General Motors'.
Dame Judi stars as a lonely single blueblood, and Mr.
With two out and a one-ball, one-strike count, Perez watched Matt Herges's pitch break down and away, apparently out of the strike zone.
''The number of bodies that were ultimately recovered didn't quite reach that number that we said,'' he said.
WITH drug costs continuing to rise, insurers could soon pick other drugs that they believe should be sold over the counter.
New Yorkers are now to recycle paper and metal as they have for more than a decade, but are to discard plastic for one year and glass for two.
Egypt outlawed the group that same year, and Mr. Nasser's government executed and jailed scores of Brotherhood leaders.
Yesterday's decline was just the kind of selling that normally follows a big rally in the market.
We asked them to turn the cable on and then let Connecticut come in and try to stop it.''
In lieu of flowers, please make donations to The Dallas Area Parkinsonism Society, 3003 LBJ Freeway, Suite 125-E, Dallas, TX 75234, The Lake Placid Center for the Arts, 91 Saranac Avenue, Lake Placid, NY 12946, or consider supporting a child through Childreach, 155 Plan Way, Warwick, RI 02886.
He was referring to the photographs Mr. Stevenson produced proving that the Soviet Union was moving missiles into Cuba.
Have Americans become a more sensitive lot since Sept. 11, as some predicted would be case?
''If you're an owner and you have a situation where you're trying to decide who's at fault, the manager or the general manager, you know that effecting change for that season can only be at the field level.
Diaz reeled off 11 straight pars after a 6-foot birdie putt at No.
It is no coincidence that each time the team was coached by a taskmaster (Fred Shero, 1979; Mike Keenan, 1994).
''Every morning, I'd see her walking to the bus stop,'' he said.
''He's very experienced, he had a lot of money and, with his message, he won the swing vote, conservative Democrats,'' said Gilbert St. Clair, a professor of political science at the University of New Mexico.
Mr. Usry, a Republican who was a middle school teacher, principal and assistant schools superintendent, first ran for public office in 1982, when he narrowly lost the mayoral election to Michael J. Matthews.
''But with the misery of ethnic cleansing in the Balkans, the argument was turned around -- that because of Germany's past, the country had to take part in military action there.''
Arnold is part of Havas Advertising.
The United States has stockpiled tanks and heavy equipment for more than 30,000 troops in several gulf states and on ships nearby.
Europeans are especially fearful that without such progress, a war in Iraq could inflame passions throughout the Middle East and reinforce an impression that the United States does not care about Muslim or Arab interests.
''Eureka,'' he wrote, ''makes no deep impression .
L. Dennis Kozlowski, the former Tyco chief executive, is accused of using the company in a scheme to evade personal taxes.
The plan will include evacuation routing and notification.
The bill should bear the store's name or G.S.T.
forbids them to have more than one or two children, disaster awaits the nation,'' thundered Theodore Roosevelt, father of six.
Arati Johnston, one of the Chervus' daughters, said she was happy and relieved to hear of the ruling.
To the Editor: We were surprised to see space devoted to the fringe belief that the works of Shakespeare were written not by William Shakespeare, but by the 17th Earl of Oxford.
The debt relief was approved despite opposition from some creditors, who said that their institutions would not advance more funds to the company, once a core member of the Hyundai conglomerate.
The image of the pushy New Yorker may never change, but the city has.
In May, a law was passed decreeing that any commercial farmer who continued to farm 45 days after being given notice to stop would face imprisonment.
But a number of academic studies have shown that there was no decline in revenue for restaurants in areas that have local bans.
In New York City, church officials have given the district attorney a list of accusations covering nearly four decades.
''That's the only way we're going to find anything.''
And whatever the company's true value, Democrats have not hesitated to blame BeneCard for the troubles of the P.B.M.
Even before he arrived, Mr. Crawford said, the entire redevelopment plan -- which calls for a range of changes, from marquees on West 65th Street to more backstage space for the Met -- was being rethought in light of the nation's unpredictable economy, the city's budget gap and the center's true needs.
Charlie Hough, the Mets' pitching coach, had his own take on history.
Mr. Pivar asked James Cook, a 14-year-old employee living on Milwaukee's East side.
Basher Muhammad, a wizened man squatting in a field of germinating opium just outside this town, conceded reluctantly that he would destroy his lucrative crop if forced to.
Indeed, Ms. Gilligan finds herself in the same position as other scholars who have been inducted into popular culture: her academic reputation has not followed the same skyward trajectory as her public prestige.
For now, though, he just wants to freedom to skeedaddle at will, not least because he was making $200 a weekend in donations from passengers.
The bridegroom is the stepson of Michael M. Michigami.
Potato Head by sticking on different grilles and nameplates -- ''badge engineering'' in industry parlance -- the adaptations go beyond restyling a Buick Regal and calling it a Pontiac Grand Prix.
Neal Zimmerman, an architect in West Hartford, Conn., said: ''Closets are synonymous with clothing, but now people are rethinking their space: 'How can I organize it better, and what else can I use it for?
Although Huntington is the first Long Island town to adopt a law that insures some affordable housing for larger developments, some people would like to see more.
If the industry environment does not improve, or worsens, Hewlett-Packard may well be forced to make deeper cuts.
The man also asked the priest for a paper and pencil, on which he wrote what investigators described as a suicide note.
The black-tie evening begins with cocktails at 6:30.
And it seems that architecture and design still need to be defended.
I don't know if marketing research would bear that out, but it's interesting anecdotally.''
is announced is twice as long in the rest of the G-7 as in the United States.
''This requisite melancholy makes us feel as if 'Ice Age' has to apologize for being funny, and the movie doesn't quite recover from it,'' Elvis Mitchell wrote in The New York Times.
Hearings are expected to be held by legislators in New York, too.
Sam Farber, a museum board member, recalled coming upon the paintings at the antiques show with his son, John, a fellow enthusiast of outsider art.
WENDY MILLER San Rafael, Calif., Sept. 20, 2002
Williams said: ''What the deadline does is create a sense of urgency to get things done.
Last spring, in a case that received wide publicity, and is believed to be the first of its kind, a mother in Oxfordshire was sentenced to 60 days in jail after being found guilty of allowing two of her children to miss school chronically.
It's called ''Where's the Orchestra?''
In private, Secretary Powell, an amateur automotive mechanic, complains that old friends spend too much time sympathetically taking his temperature -- ''dip-sticking me,'' as he puts it.
This year I catch the Botanical elves at work -- Mr. Busse and his team of landscapers and artists -- as they set up their Lilliputian world under glass.
The bank has denied paying any money to ETA.
An ImClone spokesman confirmed that the company had sent a letter to Congress.
At Our Lady of Good Counsel today, many lauded the bishop's decision.
He helped Mr. McNamara impose a reorganization of defense management practices intended to make the services work with one another.
July 17 through July 19 at 10 a.m.; July 20 at 10 a.m. and 1 p.m. Tickets: $6.
He has had to settle for some extended on-the-job training.
We ogled the troughs of salmon roe and bamboo shoots at Nishiki Market, then stopped nearby for cheap and filling domburi rice bowls.
Graveside services Friday, 11 AM, at Mt.
Beloved wife of Norman, devoted & loving mother of Gary, Nancy, and Jill, and adoring grandmother of Emily and Joel.
And Willingboro is hardly alone.
There was some discussion as to whether the logjam could be broken by substituting a word other than ''meeting.''
Software will be used to track the inventories of the emission stickers and other anomalies that could indicate fraud.
Iraqi opposition figures are circulating a detailed plan for transforming Iraq from a dictatorship into an essentially secular democracy in two to three years if President Saddam Hussein is removed from office.
(The picture uses him to take a dig at Andrew Lloyd Webber scores.)
Investors, Mr. Dowd said, tend to be optimists who take a long-term view and do not see government as the main solution to downturns in the markets -- all traits that should help tamp down their political response to dips in their wealth.
After the outdoor remembrance, Mrs. Lewnes and Ms. Bonner were invited to speak at Grace Methodist.
''We're looking for the leading company in the most depressed industry,'' she said.
The current renaissance of black Harlem has largely passed by this Latino corner, they say.
Garden grounds admission: $3; $2 for 62+ and students; $1 for children 2 to 12.
And July's employment report suggested that factory output may have actually declined.
OLYMPIC AERIALS -- Getting from your hotel to the competition sites is one thing.
Mr. Vajpayee's remarks -- made to Dainik Jagran, one of India's largest Hindi-language newspapers and confirmed by his office -- were emphatic about India's willingness to go to war.
''Believe me, this is a silly thing,'' he said, according to a Reuters report.
Even before the first round, fate worked against Nicklaus.
The system does not work the way it should, he said.
His Organized Crime Control Act of 1986 was a state version of the federal anti-racketeering statutes.
4 in the Bowl Championship Series ranking.
I now understand how important it is to be vigilant and to be unafraid to question your doctor about any concerns.
Really, there has not been any delay.''
When the play was over, he asked if I would have dinner with him at a steakhouse nearby.
In 1978 his neighbor Mr. Miller, a conductor who had been involved in ''The Bolero,'' an Academy-Award winning film with Zubin Mehta and the Los Angeles Philharmonic, knocked on his door and suggested the two do a daylong, wall-to-wall music program of Bach.
We celebrated with our favorite Mulegé meal of barbecued quail at Restaurante Los Equipales.
In a statement, Mr. McCall, a Democrat, said the governor, a Republican, built the budget ''on a foundation of shaky revenues and backdoor deals,'' and he questioned whether the state had enough money to finish the fiscal year.
and a group headed by a former Ku Klux Klan leader, saying they threatened public safety with competing protests in a dispute over the Confederate battle flag.
Hearing of Mr. Abbott's death yesterday, Mrs. Adan said, ''I am happy he will not kill again.''
The president's Foreign Intelligence Advisory Board is still a joke.
Richard Gephardt and Tom Daschle, the House and Senate Democratic leaders, won praise from many places, including this page, for their part in passing campaign reform.
Palm pilots, laser jets and paper shredders were also set to go.
It's $44.98 at Zabar's, 2245 Broadway (80th Street), (212) 787-2000.
The new Journal Online campaign parallels efforts by the print edition of The Wall Street Journal to expand beyond its base, said Vin Crosbie, managing partner at Digital Deliverance in Greenwich, Conn., an online media consulting firm.
In alternating movements, the players offer fragments of their lines individually, and coalesce as an ensemble.
As for the future of the museum, that may be determined by what goes on in its hot shop, one of the world's most sophisticated and the only such facility in an American museum.
has too many whiners within.
Second, trade will be the key engine for a Latin recovery, and in fairness it's one of the areas where the Bush administration has been busy in Latin America -- if also hypocritical, by scandalously protecting steel and agriculture.
Dr. Young and his colleagues have focused on the interaction between the genome and the proteome -- the set of all the different proteins produced by the yeast cell's genes.
But how nice to smell springtime in the land of mothballs.
Those limits were imposed in 1997 after complaints about barking, officials said.
''We have made it very clear to Mr. Arafat that he is not doing all he can do to fight off terror,'' Mr. Bush said.
They will not only watch the Palestinians watch the prisoners, but they will also prevent the Israelis from seizing them.
A critic turns her scrutiny to the minute but vertiginous ''re-'' of ''rereading'': each time she cracks a dusty cover, her young self, long dormant, emerges from within.
Out in the courtyard, ''Outer City, Inner Space'' (through Jan. 3) includes an undulating, tubular ceiling by Teresita Fernandez; an internally illuminated, futuristic igloo by Stephen Hendee; and a giant Chinese food takeout bag by Ester Parteg -- all resonating to good effect with Mr. Ramirez's Neo-Pop lunacy (Johnson).
Tonight through Sunday night at 9:30 and 11:30, with a 1 a.m. set tomorrow; cover, $20 tonight and tomorrow, $15 on Sunday, with a $10 minimum all nights (Ben Ratliff).
In both the Gaza Strip and the West Bank, thousands of Palestinians rallied in support of Yasir Arafat, who has been confined to the West Bank town of Ramallah for the last two months.
''At first glance, some of this imagery is melancholy.
One is Susan Loeb, the director of development with South Brooklyn Legal Services.
People began to conflate what the sociologist Erving Goffman labeled the ''backstage'' and ''outside regions'' in the theater of the self.
Dr. Whittemore joined the Yale Medical School faculty in 1943.
The founder of Dieceland, Randi Altschul, a toy inventor in New Jersey, said that her phone was now in the ''tweaking and testing phase.''
In recent days, India's leaders have begun talking openly about the possibility of war if Pakistan does not halt what India considers sponsorship of terrorism against India.
The researchers have a basic idea of how the foraging gene operates.
Mr. Haqqani, a veteran of the anti-Soviet resistance in the 1980's, made his base in the mountains around Khost, particularly at the Zhawara caves.
''This budget is to address the needs for those pieces of equipment,'' Susan Hansen, a Pentagon spokeswoman, said.
DOES music stir us up or settle us down?
The Milford Oyster House in Milford, N.J., is the spot for seafood.
In Westchester, many residents have already rushed out to buy the over-the-counter tablet because of growing concern about Indian Point's two working reactors in Buchanan, about 40 miles north of Midtown Manhattan.
We pray they will be consoled with all the mourners of our people.
In addition, industry executives say the News Corporation may be trying to approach other companies as potential partners that might be able to add cash to a DirecTV acquisition effort.
Afterward, he said he had been one of Mr. Miller's eight accusers.
He blasted away at an invitation-only show at the Bowery Ballroom last week to mark today's release of his new album, ''When I Was Cruel,'' a collection of beat-driven numbers best enjoyed in the sweaty confines of a dance club.
''Indirectly, I am, yes,'' Ms. Howard said.
''But he called for his filmmakers.''
Murray Tepper is a Manhattanite with a car to park, and he has some special moves.
Iusacell has been steadily losing revenue and market share to its two larger rivals -- América Móvil, the dominant carrier with almost 80 percent of the Mexican wireless market, and Telefónica Móviles of Spain, which has stepped up its investment in Mexico and surpassed Iusacell to become the No.
The report is the latest in a series of papers by the National Intelligence Council on AIDS since the late 1980's.
Poking around, they saw pieces made of gold, silver and china, and called the gendarmes.
''I'm retired from coaching,'' Parcells insisted Friday night.
Within the City Council, the question is how to push its agenda.
A shouting skirmish between the candidates blazed for several minutes while fairgoers puzzled over the unexpected bit of political theater.
''If the city continues to release the minimum amount of water and forecasts for a hot and dry summer prove out, there's a real threat of a severe fish kill as early as May,'' said Nat Gillespie, Catskills coordinator for Trout Unlimited.
''You/have/murdered me/you bastard/you have/died/at/York,'' she cries out when she gets the news that will, indeed, undo her.
[C3] Signs of an Economic Recovery A closely watched measure of manufacturing rose for the first time in 18 months in February, a sign that the recession, which began in March, might be ending.
And until now, they have always erred on the side of playing it safe, since they are not people who like to talk about themselves anyway.
Now those irrepressible satirists, who bubble their way to New York every year or two, are puncturing the powerful with their latest scattershot onslaught of comedy, ''Capitol Steps: When Bush Comes to Shove,'' playing through Aug. 31 at the John Houseman Theater.
Computer Associates said yesterday that the Securities and Exchange Commission had issued formal demands for information to third parties as part of a civil and criminal investigation into the company's accounting practices.
's contract protections may in fact have worked to the union's disadvantage by shielding workers at a high cost to the company.
''Technology to improve the efficiency of government has been under way for many years,'' he said.
CHRISTINE BARBORIAK Durham, N.C., Jan. 23, 2002
OTB officials throughout the state have visited the Hauppauge teletheater, which is inspiring similar refurbishing elsewhere, Ms. Knapp said.
Beloved daughter of the late Gertrude and William F.X.
The dissenting judges agreed that the theory applies to same-sex harassment of gay men but said Mr. Rene had come forward with little evidence of such stereotyping.
Keeping the operation going is full-time work.
Abigail Adams was not alone in noticing a difference between the young Franklin of reputation and the elder Franklin -- by then a very subtle diplomat -- whose closest relationship was with the beautiful, if rather slapdash, Madame Helvetius.
''Me not doing my job put us in a hole, and it was difficult to get going.
That fear was fueled by a recent Israeli poll indicating that 46 percent of Israelis would support ''transfer'' of Palestinians out of the West Bank and Gaza Strip.
Mr. Carter presents no proof that Ariel Sharon opposes peace and that Mr. Arafat would accept it.
Each episode is, essentially, a show about a show about a show.
A pork-and-rice casserole flavored with onions and spices, nacatamal is always served wrapped in a banana leaf.
Other cast members also emphasized how close they feel to one another.
–What social and economic resources are available to people like the Daniels’ that are not fully explained in the article?
''My Mom never went to my school,'' Mr. Lopez tells his wife in an episode in which the couple discover their son has dyslexia.
Things are going well, and communication has not been a problem, the Parrs said.
can tell you that the ultimate judge is the crowd.
Mr. Watts's '97 cabernet conveys an impression that it is almost mature, perhaps just a millimeter or two from its peak.
Ever since they met, C.M.
The detectives took Ms. Shimunova with them to ask her what she remembered of what had happened, as police cars zigzagged through the neighborhood, searching for the vanished assailants.
Under his supervision, both Indian Point plants have made improvements, but he does not like to take credit alone.
But local spending on police increased only 39 percent, to $45.6 billion.
Nothing is left out of this operatic epic.
The document released tonight said this week's discussions about preventing abuse had ''reaffirmed the value of priestly celibacy as a gift of God to the church.''
But William F. Galvin, secretary of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, whose staff found the e-mail messages in investigating analyst practices at Credit Suisse, said: ''It seems to me this is really a smoking gun.
But Enron jumped the gun: it treated the capitalized value of those hypothetical future gains as a current profit, which could then be used to justify high stock prices, big bonuses for executives, and so on.
The projects he creates with the film he brings back from these remarkable places always cycle back to the individual.
''They wanted a place for the kids to play and better schools,'' he said, smiling through tears.
The other would allow completion of a road project abandoned in the 1960's because of environmental concerns.
North Korea warned today of an ''uncontrollable catastrophe'' unless the United States agrees to a negotiated solution to a tense standoff over its nuclear energy and weapons programs.
Most residents simply look forward to Saturday night dinners at home on the deck, perhaps with a neighbor or weekend guests.
The guy with four World Series rings.
Mr. Fukuda was speaking to reporters on the condition that he not be identified, but the harshly critical reactions from Japan's neighbors and calls from opposition parties for the resignation of the official who made the comments prompted Mr. Fukuda to step forward today and acknowledge his statements.
''And my understanding is that Bush doesn't like Lott all that much personally.''
Stuart Appleby closed with a 67 and finished third at 274.
Ultimately, administrators at the school told Mr. Hanjour that he would not qualify for the advanced certificate.
One is Jamestown, which secures average investments of $50,000 from German investors to buy properties in the United States.
Congressional leaders said their vote and days of debate reflected a sentiment that military action was not a first but a last option.
Less than three weeks later, in early January, something of a miracle happened in Abdulgan: the doctor's promise was fulfilled.
One is the 1939 letter that Einstein, a lifelong pacifist, wrote, at the physicist Leo Szilard's urging, alerting President Franklin D. Roosevelt to the possibility of an atomic bomb.
Two Norwegian oil unions are threatening to strike and shut parts of Norway's natural gas production next week unless a dispute over vacation time is settled in contract talks.
As the 16-year-old figure skater envisions walking into Rice Eccles Stadium in Salt Lake City next week, part of her is still wondering where all the fuss is back home in Great Neck, N.Y.
Titillation is one of the top attractions; hostesses flirt and flatter.
I know that I'm only as good as my last game.
Selig, now the commissioner, was a highly partisan owner of the Brewers then.
''Anyone who came up with a fresh idea tried to figure out a way to profit from it.
He is not haunted by playoff failures or hung up about playing under pressure.
SCHNEEWEISS - Pauline (nee Goldfine).
Eventually I found a farmer in the Hudson Valley who sold me a quarter of a grass-fed Angus steer that is now occupying most of my freezer.
She sees conspiracy at work in her house's singularity: if it has not taken off, she said, it may be because of the ''doggone worms'' -- vacuum and washing machine makers.
Only a tiny fraction of generic drug applications raise any patent issues, he said.
As recently as the Kosovo bombing campaign, decoys regularly fooled American bombers.
He woke the giant, who went on a first-half binge of points and rebounds.
And I said, 'You know there was nothing here before you came here.'
(Americans didn't catch up till seven or eight years later.)
Adored father of Dr. David & Debra Feldman, Andrew and Mindy Feldman, Dr. Michael & Robin Feldman, Sharon & Neil Danzger.
supports national objectives primarily by influencing foreign perceptions and decision-making,'' the proposal states.
In a wild card that may affect budget deliberations next year, seven current members of the County Legislature, three Republicans and four Democrats, are approaching term limits under a 1993 county law limiting terms of all county elected officials to 12 years.
from the other direction, coming up to the Brooklyn Bridge from the south.
But after a while, a person could feel that a little ethereality goes a long way.
Lourie -- an American novelist, translator and critic of Russian literature -- gives a fascinating account of Sakharov; he makes many of his most poignant points through understatement.
From the street, the four clapboard houses (including a landmark 1884 Greek Revival mansion) that make up the Marquesa, 600 Fleming Street, (800) 869-4631, fax (305) 294-2121, www.marquesa.com, look as if they could be in New England.
But these drugs, too, have side effects, and the effects of long-term use are unknown.
Binoculars and cellphones are part of the pile she has compiled.
Obviously there's a lot of questions because of all the changes.
The remainder will be eliminated by the end of the second quarter.
Shyam Das had said he would try to rule on the union's grievance by July 15, but July 15 came and went with no decision.
It will also reconfigure the board committees and conduct two meetings a year without company executives present.
''Weider is right in the middle of the category, so if they are for sale, I think there will be a great deal of interest.
The prospect doesn't interest Charity.
''There was once a proposition that biotech products would not fail as often'' as the products of big pharmaceutical companies, said Samuel D. Isaly, portfolio manager of the Eaton Vance Worldwide Health Sciences fund.
Soon after, we were glad to give back the car and relax in the safety of the city, where there were hot showers, local police, and people who could, if necessary, hear us scream.
The menu (price-fixed at $52 for dinner) delivers highly polished luxury food, often surpassingly rich.
It is unclear if Mr. Koppel's article will serve as a rallying cry to those well-known colleagues who were presumed to have been awaiting word from him before speaking out.
The artists also use traditional materials -- reeds, branches and grasses -- to take off in shapes that do not resemble baskets.
No soldier has reported symptoms of exposure to the contaminants, said Col. Roger King, a military spokesman.
The louder the conversation, the higher the city surcharge.
What later became known as modern dance, ''opened the door,'' she said, to anyone who wanted to explore.
He intends to maintain the farm ambience and to preserve the original design elements in buildings he converts to military use, including the piggery's gambrel roof.
Although end-of-season deficits became routine, no one worried much because a handful of donors could always be found to contribute the missing cash.
White men make up more than 93 percent of the Fire Department's 11,112-member force, according to figures from December.
With public health, as with highway construction, he said, steps taken for the purpose of national defense will benefit civilians for decades to come.
The idea, it seemed, was to capture all the earthy aspects of Czech folk music that run through this work.
''From a High Place,'' a 1944 abstraction in bright oranges and yellows, attracted two bottom-fishers.
Some see Ms. Brown as a necessary figure in the development of the magazine -- she brought in 19th-century innovations like photographs, a table of contents.
''Unfortunately, that person very rarely seems to falter.
If the network has any hope of success, it's not going to happen against ''C.S.I.''
In one of Cindy Sherman's famous film stills, a hitchhiker waits by the road for something that will surely change her life forever.
(In its latest ''Hot Issue,'' Rolling Stone listed the band as ''Hot Inexplicable Persistence.'')
The police charged the country's vice consul to Haiti with drug trafficking after he was found with more than 90 pounds of cocaine, a machine gun and numerous Haitian and Dominican passports.
The embattled agency's mission has never been more critical to the nation's well-being.
After six weeks in which it seemed impossible to turn on a television set without seeing Al Gore talking about why he might be running for president, there he was on ''60 Minutes'' saying he would not be running for the White House in 2004.
Following are excerpts from A. O. Scott's review, which appeared in The New York Times on Oct. 5; the full text is available at nytimes.com/movies.
That miserly amount of olive oil was in contrast to the generous portions of appetizers and entrees.
It would occupy 12 acres known as Chicken Island, in memory of a long-defunct chicken processing plant that was bounded by the Saw Mill River.
''I read the same stuff everyone else does,'' he said, ''but I don't let myself get terribly bogged down in what others are saying.
In western Pennsylvania, mourners laid flowers in the spot where another hijacked plane crashed that September morning, killing 44 people.
Israeli academia is only now, for example, catching up on the great canon debate that has preoccupied American literature departments for the past decade.
Just let Tiger Woods play golf.
This brings to mind a question: Would William Jennings Bryan -- who was nicknamed the silver-tongued orator after crusading against the gold standard -- have jumped on the bandwagon with gift givers who have abandoned standard gold?
But Vatican officials and prominent Catholics in Rome said there was a range of outcomes to Cardinal Law's meeting with the pope other than a resignation.
It would fall just short of the 32 percent increase in 1968 to raise money for the county's share of a newly enacted Medicaid program.
Of that total, about $55 million gets paid back out through redemptions, and the rest, about one-third, disappears, probably into landfills and incinerators.
But the Chandra observatory's ability to make high-resolution observations of X-ray emissions identified the sources of those radiation bursts as black holes, he said.
''People said they heard I had to be careful because sooner or later I would die,'' she said.
As a small drug broker, it made no drugs, owned no factories and had few assets.
The Senate, which is working on a bipartisan bill, appears likely to add money for child care, on the premise that welfare recipients cannot be expected to work without day care for their children.
For workers at Pdvsa, the verbal assaults have no basis in reality.
And here too one must look not only at the motives of corporations, but at the personal motives of executives.
The force was put in place in 1982 in support of the 1979 peace agreement between Egypt and Israel.
I have amassed many place settings of everyday dishes, my wedding dishes, my gold-rimmed holiday dishes and my spring holiday dishes.
He said there had been similar discussions about other city agencies as well, especially in light of the need for budget cuts.
Memorial service on October 5, 12:30 PM, at St. John's Episcopal Church, Cold Spring Harbor, NY.
Dams on the river have blessed his sparsely populated state with huge reservoirs, which attract fishermen and hunters who spend tens of millions of dollars.
That is not what happened here.
''The same qualities that make him popular among collectors must have assured his reputation in the 17th century.''
''The actions we've taken in the airports to ensure the security on the airplanes, to ensure that we can't get access to the cockpits and that the marshals that are on the airplanes, take care of this problem long before you had to deal with it in the air,'' Gen. John P. Jumper, the Air Force chief of staff, told the Senate Armed Services Committee on March 7.
Mr. Weitz also wrote ''Hitler's Banker''; ''Man in Charge''; ''Friends in High Places''; and ''The Value of Nothing''.
He pleaded guilty to shooting his cousin Mark Plummer, who he claimed was extorting money from him and threatening his family.
She added that many of the parents do not speak English and are not at ease in American culture.
As a result, they would not violate the Taliban law protecting heads.
Other visually sensitive types have followed.
France, he said, ''used to have the ability to inspire princes and kings, send her philosophers to the courts of Europe, whose elites spoke our language.''
The setting calls for it, as the casting of English romantic comedies would appear to call for Hugh Grant.
Todd Eldredge, another figure skater, who is at his third Winter Games, said, ''Actually, the security is not much different from Albertville'' in 1992.
Mr. Spitzer's office declined to discuss why certain neighborhoods were affected or how gardens were chosen for preservation or development.
''Up to that point we lived in an illusion of separateness,'' Mr. Eggers said, ''and in a very real way, Elvis shattered that myth.''
ASK Daniel Herman who designed the plaid shirt he's wearing to lunch in a TriBeCa restaurant, and he turns a little red.
After graduating from high school and spending four years in the Marine Corps, he moved to California and joined the Los Angeles Sheriff's Department, his relatives said.
But now, with the market in a third year of losses, some investors are going to the other extreme, doubting whether the market can ever go up.
A half-hour after the showing began, 10 or so people were milling around, even though the apartment was already taken.
's coach of the year last season, was the fifth coach fired by Clarke since 1997.
Today, Ridge is one of the best-known labels in California wine.
Transfer to pot with chili paste.
Story two: Gabe Winocour, 31, supervises mentally retarded adults, and Maria Ramona Hart, 39, is in the midst of a prolonged anthropology doctorate.
A walk-in examination will be given April 28 in Nassau County.
The observations were reported in Nature and The Astrophysical Journal.
Officers generally use their own discretion in such cases, patting someone down if they have reason to believe that the person may be armed.
WHERE: Hondo Valley, N.M. WHAT: 5-bedroom house HOW MUCH: $650,000 This 5,000-square-foot house is in the Hondo Valley, 25 minutes east of Ruidoso.
We seek no military bases or military allies in Indochina, and we will pursue no policy in that area which could concern the People's Republic of China.
Personally, it didn't help the situation.
Still in his mid-20's, Christopher Shinn is a welcome paradox among up-and-coming American dramatists: a creator of carefully constructed, dialogue-heavy works that nonetheless resonate with a sense of the unspoken.
In court today in Buffalo, he appeared calm, even smiling at a friend.
The father of four adult children, he predicted that driving would increase in Japan, saying, ''Each household could have three to five cars.''
That would be the last praise Trachsel received.
Moreover, electricity workers pay a reduced rate for power.
Once, when she was approached by two retailers while dining in a restaurant after one of her shows, she asked them, ''Did you come to copy or to buy?''
Mr. Lay, who recently resigned from the boards of Compaq and Eli Lilly, sold stock in those two companies, the best performers, in the final days of October.
He said testing under realistic conditions was essential before deployment.
I'm talking about his agent.''
Mr. Hewlett, an heir of William Hewlett, a Hewlett-Packard co-founder, is no grass-roots populist.
''Mexico and Brazil know how to control that ball and how to get it,'' he said.
In the first phase of the rescue effort, the conspirators fly to New York and surprise Sidda, who is living with a boyfriend, Connor (Angus MacFadyen), whom she loves but is reluctant to marry.
Particularly revealing of someone's individual style, Dr. Pennebaker noted, are what he called ''junk words'' like pronouns, prepositions, conjunctions, particles and auxiliary verbs.
Everything we talked about, they didn't do.''
They are also exempt from the S.E.C.
A reserved and plain-spoken man, he maintains an unusually low presence even in Salt Lake City, where the headquarters of his privately owned holding company, the Sinclair Oil Corporation, has no sign.
1 job to Brad Johnson after helping Tampa Bay to a 10-6 record in his first full season as a starter two years ago.
''We are sanctifiying life,'' he said.
''Why put up with the gall?
The government and the Bank of Japan have been trying to stem the deflation by flooding the economy with money on easy terms -- short-term interest rates are effectively zero.
MILEMARKER, ARAB ON RADAR, ONEIDA, Northsix, 66 North Sixth Street, Williamsburg, Brooklyn, (718) 599-5103.
In ancient Peking the icy Princess Turandot nurses a hatred of all men.
Shallow Hal Hal (Jack Black) used to see women strictly in terms of pulchritude, but after consultation with Tony Robbins, the ''TV guru guy'' (Jack's words), he starts seeing hidden inner beauty as perfect outward appearance.
''It's just stupidity,'' he said.
Information is the second nature of the cosmopolitan age.
A projected lottery pick less than a year ago, Williams was bypassed until Denver selected him for the Knicks with the 25th pick.
A survey of ''the dark side of the all-American meal.''
What clinched it, though, is that in ''all the previous work he had been doing, he had never copied Chanel or had a Chanel influence, and that attracted me at once,'' D'Alessio remembers.
Zito's concentration could be particularly important in Friday's game in the Metrodome, a covered stadium where noise will reverberate from 55,000 fans who will further try to distract the Athletics by waving handkerchiefs in unison.
''Discovery Room,'' the newest permanent exhibition, features interactive and hands-on technology for children and families.
After the Rangers loaded the bases, Gonzalez hit a two-run single to score Michael Young and Kevin Mench.
''We identified him by fingerprints,'' Norris said.
Show business careers often begin with youthful epiphanies.
''We were all really fortunate to have the opportunity to explore things fully,'' Mr. Moran said of himself and his two brothers.
''I get parents coming up and asking, 'Do you offer this class for adults?'
Anderson, whose classic prose places him in the heavyweight class of Red Smith, vividly remembers the coinage scene: ''Ali had been working out.
He received the prestigious Reinheimer's Award from the Architectural Woodworking Institute for dedicated service and achievements while serving as its Treasurer and on various committees.
''The only hope is war, whatever was taken by force must be returned by force,'' said Hisham al-Batouti, a42, an engineer.
Then Bure put the Rangers ahead, 1-0, midway through the second period with his 407th career goal and 23rd of the season.
But Mr. Cunningham, a former United States marshal for New Jersey, conceded that the state could do more to provide resources to help police departments and emergency workers.
Holt described the matchup as being one that is all about heart.
A memoir-exposé by the executive chef at Brasserie Les Halles in New York.
It ruled that although Texas law gives parents the right to accept or refuse medical care for their children, the state's Advance Directives Act allows parents to refuse life-sustaining treatment only if their child is ''certifiably terminal.''
May his memory be a blessing.
As for the score -- well, Marvin Hamlisch is best known in the theater for ''A Chorus Line'' and in film for ''The Way We Were'' and ''The Sting.''
''It is like the mall on Christmas Eve,'' said Ms. Hedgepeth, who adds that she would like to see ''happier visitors who didn't complain about parking.''
Many ensembles have been producing (and recording) radio broadcasts for decades, and in recent years several of them have successfully mined these recordings for CD's.
in rushing in 1938 and 1940.
Last year, Cox won the 300 at this meet in 38.00 seconds for a national record, only to have Hastings lower the mark to 37.77 seconds.
Oil analysts said it was too early for the disruption to be felt in the United States, to which Venezuela is one of the top four oil suppliers.
We had a lot of long conversations.
Our assessment was that the damage to them would be minor.''
''It's just a collection of hardwoods put into an architectural structure to express a note.
If time allows, marinate for a couple of hours (or overnight, refrigerated).
One was Mr. Cheney, who became chief executive at the Halliburton Company.
Shopping for cheaper foreign drugs is not a new idea.
DiPietro is now 21, and everyone with the team has said he is not the brash frat boy who trailed sparks heading into his N.H.L.
Ms. Roth said that Easter was more meaningful because of the terrorist attacks.
Jeckeln called his solution Sardinenpackung -- sardine-packing.
''That may have been the best breaking ball I've ever seen from a left-handed pitcher,'' Milwaukee's Raul Casanova said.
That did not please the Democrats who wanted more efforts at reaching across the aisle.
He said the nation's pension system was ''fundamentally healthy'' and needed to be dealt with carefully.
In her presence, he admits that the neighborhood gossips had called one day to say his enemies had killed him.
He said the railroad's last purchase, bilevel diesel trains built by another manufacturer before Mr. Bauer took over, ''was an unmitigated disaster.''
Café l'Europe, 431 St. Armands Circle, Sarasota; (941) 388-4415.
If Indiana is the feel-good story of this N.C.A.A.
He said he was seeking state aid and a spray truck.
In his annual budget address to the Connecticut General Assembly, Gov.
The Daily Grind has good coffee and scones.
But he has a handful of favorite chords, figures and resolutions; one is a two-handed parallel figure that he repeats with the right hand moving up an octave, another is bluesy.
TELEVISION networks responded to the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, as never before -- with days of continuous coverage, much of it free of commercial interruption.
Galbraith ''has known everyone, or at least everyone who was on speaking terms with the liberal left,'' Godfrey Hodgson said here in 1999, and his ''humor remains as dry as a good martini.''
Instead, his talent has been hailed by the arbiters of real culture.
On the walls are photos of Franklin D. Roosevelt, with autograph; Lyndon B. Johnson, Justice Arthur J. Goldberg of the Supreme Court and Senator Jacob K. Javits; Bobby Kennedy and other Supreme Court justices.
JOHN VALENTIN played shortstop for part of Thursday's game and Valentine said he moved nicely.
Domenico Naccari, a lawyer for three of the Moroccans arrested two weeks ago, said in an interview that two of his clients had turned themselves in after learning that the police were looking for them.
In districts like Elmsford, Greenburgh Central 7, Mount Vernon, Peekskill, Port Chester and Yonkers, at least a quarter of the current graduating class had not met the Regents standard of 65.
Between this Friday's opening of ''The Scorpion King,'' a muscle-bound spinoff of ''The Mummy'' series, and the Aug. 9 unveiling of ''Spy Kids 2: The Island of Lost Dreams,'' at least 16 movies will fall into one or more of the above categories.
Gosh, I sound like I should work for NASA.''
So the Terps have two games left.
The food is simple and delicious.
''Shannen has been working with him for two years, tutoring him at school or at the White Plains library,'' said Ms. Torres.
So far, no evidence of accounting irregularities has been produced.
BUTENSKY-Joseph, March 26, 2002 in Boca Raton, formerly of Commack.
The five-member panel, voting 5-to-0, authorized its staff to seek a court order to block the transaction.
tournament, with B.U., New Hampshire and Maine most likely to receive bids.
Many others would look elsewhere for their meat, to farmers like Salatin.
One would restrict the veto now wielded by the powerful Guardian Council, which currently can overturn acts of Parliament and bar candidates from running for electoral office.
''Even though hormone therapy may be O.K., everyone is too afraid to continue.''
There is Paul's mother, Dr. Edith Crusoe, a crusading environmental historian who conceived Paul while having sex in the closet of her office with one of her students.
Today, Prouvé is best known for his wood-and-metal furniture, made with aeronautic-looking details.
It is the same reason Ms. Yeo continues to use Coke in her braised beef.
Signs of Improvement Unexpected Cleanups Generate Optimism Over the past 30 years, ''sustainability'' has become the mantra of many private groups, government officials, scientists and, even, a growing number of businesses.
We deeply regret that any of our decisions have obscured the good work of our priests for which their people hold them in such respect.
CREDIT CARDS: All major cards.
It was my culture, but it wasn't what I grew up with.
Dear Larry, our deepest condolences to you, Richard, Lenore, Shelly and all the family for the loss of Selma.
Home prices have been rising steadily in three-quarters of Baltimore's neighborhoods, but they remain well below those in most other big East Coast cities.
Taiwan shares ended lower in cautious trading ahead of the first-quarter earnings season.
Many of the countries recording the most rapid growth, like Mozambique (9.2 percent last year) and Ethiopia (8.7 percent), are starting from small bases, and few tangible benefits have reached their populations.
Kaiser and its subsidiary, the Kaiser Aluminum and Chemical Corporation, filed bankruptcy petitions in federal court in Delaware.
Their handsome earnings statements disguised enterprises too rotten to stand unsupported, and their collapse took lives, businesses and portfolios down with them.
Although French officials would not comment on him today, news reports and the accounts of people familiar with Russian organized crime painted him as a familiar partner of suspected Russian underworld figures like Mikhail Chernoy, who amassed a fortune in the cutthroat aluminum industry in the former Soviet Union and moved to Israel in the early 1990's, and Arcadi Gaydamak, who was at the center of a major scandal that tarred many leading politicians from the era of French President François Mitterand.
In addition to the 50 layoffs in a New Jersey distribution system, Federated said it expected an unspecified number of store closings in the coming months.
can reach far more members and donors than ever before.
At first their gallery carried everything from old master paintings to contemporary art, but for the last 30 years it has been best known for its holdings in American art.
Wagner is joined in the starting lineup by Carlos Boozer, 21, a rookie forward/center who played three years at Duke.
And then, to really start the show, Ms. Goldberg descended from the rafters, three balconies above the gilded orchestra, wearing feathers and sequins and shouting, ''Come and get me, boys.''
''That happens, and you know, you find ways to deal with it, whether it's exercise or being by yourself or working on a hobby.''
The three largest advertising companies -- Omnicom, Interpublic and WPP -- have spent tens of millions of dollars to buy or invest in companies like Scirex that perform clinical trials of experimental drugs.
He reiterated today that the right-field job was Spencer's to lose.
That was the same day that Democrats, lead by Representative Lloyd Doggett of Texas, spent hours on the House floor lambasting Republicans for not moving to close the Bermuda loophole and singling out Pricewaterhouse for criticism as an aggressive promoter of tax avoidance.
What the Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce thought it was inventing was, as John S. Hunkin, the chairman and chief executive, said less than a year ago, nothing less than ''a new kind of bank for the 21st century.''
''This does not in any way reflect on our operation,'' said Richard D. Parsons, AOL's co-chief operating officer, who will succeed Gerald M. Levin as the company's chief executive this spring.
While Mr. Gaffney is required to submit a 2004 budget proposal by mid-September -- before the elections -- legislators will not have to weigh in on the budget until November, after the votes are in.
The city's 80,000 teachers have worked without a new contract for 19 months and have threatened to strike, but Mr. Bloomberg has been reluctant to approve a contract deal until he knows whether he will control the schools.
It's important for children to hear from this last generation of Holocaust survivors, and to pass their message along to future generations.''
She will fill the unexpired term of Pauline Rhodd-Cummings, who died earlier this year.
Officials in the union that represents Fire Department officers weighed in yesterday with a criticism of proposals to disband eight fire companies and reduce manpower.
With its bandstand and large bar, Harmony can double as a nightclub and a function room.
In the hour titled ''George Sand and Frédéric Chopin,'' for example, Ms. Golabek traced the relationship between that fiery novelist and her doomed-genius soul mate.
Still, we were always able to look into your eyes and were comforted that our beloved father was still with us.
Leslie Tonkonow 535 West 22nd Street, Chelsea Through Jan. 11 Wolfgang Laib Sperone Westwater 415 West 13th Street, West Village Through Jan. 31 Known for his ultra-Minimalist sculptures -- shapes pared to essence from architectural forms like pyramids, domes, ziggurats and tombs -- the German sculptor Wolfgang Laib devotes this show to photographs and drawings of structures that impressed him during travels in India, Myanmar and Egypt.
As he took to the podium for the last time in the Blue Room, the chamber in the west wing of City Hall where news conferences are held, Mr. Giuliani did something truly unusual: he praised the reporters who have covered him and sparred with him for the past eight years.
Anyone who tunes in gets, every half-hour, a dollop of news about President Bush or developments in the Middle East.
Barnes & Noble now publishes about 80 or 90 illustrated books a year, making it one of the biggest American publishers in this area.
In Jakarta, there has been an outpouring of sympathy for the foreigners killed, particularly for the many Australians who died.
Her year has been a replay of crushing ground strokes, of daring winners, but for the long term, I'll still take the player who blankets the court, who can wear an opponent out with her legs as well as with her shots and her serve.
He gave few details about the reported conspiracies but said they appeared to be in the early stages.
Unlike the cumbersome Jarvik, which relied on an external power console the size of a small refrigerator, the Abiomed heart, called AbioCor, is a grapefruit-size machine that is entirely implanted in the body.
As recently as last March, Mr. Seibert was poking around Colorado, looking for another mountain to develop.
Friends may call at Frank E. Campbell, 1076 Madison Ave. at 81st St., Saturday, January 5th, 7-9PM with service Sunday, 11:30 AM.
Then, once it's running, you can set about the process of forgetting the setup process; it's always on, always fast, always wonderful.
And while the political debate in Washington drags on with little hope for action this year, the reality can be seen in thousands of pharmacies like Tom Hogan's, which serves a town and county where more than 30 percent of the population is 65 years or older.
Rather, he said, he believed that the attack had more to do with Indonesia's ''internal politics.''
Susan J. Pennington's FEAST YOUR EYES: The Unexpected Beauty of Vegetable Gardens (University of California in association with Smithsonian Institution Traveling Exhibition Service, cloth, $60; paper, $29.95) is a delightful miscellany of aesthetic offshoots from the kitchen garden, a historical sampling of how vegetable gardens have been represented.
WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP American domination of men's world lacrosse may become a victim of Major League Lacrosse, the two-year-old professional league.
The new prices range from 17 cents to a little over $1 a minute.
And industry analysts have validated that position, noting that other big public companies, including Sun Microsystems and Applied Materials, had struggled when they upgraded such software.
It's Ms. Aniston who surprises in ''The Good Girl.''
But he added that both sides should ''avoid remarks that inflame the situation.''
Yet nearly 60 percent of 225 executives from Fortune 1000 companies who were surveyed recently didn't think the independent directors on their boards were financially savvy enough to spot any financial irregularities.
13 10 14 LUCKY MAN, by Michael J.
In his first public acceptance of foreign involvement in reform of his security apparatus, Mr. Arafat said on Friday that American, Egyptian and Jordanian officials would oversee the changes.
City officials announced yesterday that they planned to start showing a daring new reality television show, packed with action, suspense, heartbreak and maybe even violence: ''New York City Traffic Jams.''
''People sat there for hours, and the crowds poured 500 yards into the street.
Ten minutes later, I got into the first brown Nova I saw and fired it up.
For the spoiled teenager who has had his own room all his life, a roommate can be a tough adjustment.
8 22 NICKEL AND DIMED, by Barbara Ehrenreich.
The teacher, Jeffrey D. Klazura, 29, a fifth-grade teacher at St. Thomas Aquinas School, is free on $20,000 bail.
C1 Shake-Up at Fiat The chief executive of the struggling Fiat group, Paolo Cantarella, 57, said he would resign, to be succeeded by the chairman, Paolo Fresco, 68.
''It's a slam on the black leadership, too.
Museum hours: daily, 10 a.m. to 5:45 p.m., except Fridays, when the Rose Center is open until 8:45 p.m. for ''Starry Nights.''
(b) Requirement for determination that use of force is necessary.
Are conditions in the high-yield market likely to worsen?
The real problems, though, seem to be at home.
C) The ''heart'' headband, $4, from Kids ''R'' Us.
She survives him, as do a sister, Joanna Crawford of Lincoln, Mass.
Victory, however, was tempered by the fact that injuries in this exhibition game nearly matched the number of goals.
This has become a popular entertainment for young couples, several of whom were wandering around a model home the other day in wide-eyed wonder.
''The only thing I regret, of being so popular now, is that I can't go unknown to a disco and go dancing and acting totally crazy till early in the morning, like I love to do.
The Olympic Pipe Line Company has agreed to pay $75 million to settle a lawsuit by the families of two boys killed in a 1999 explosion in Bellingham.
Sure, the ingredients sound icky: a score made up of songs from the disco-era Swedish pop group Abba and a sitcomish excuse for a plot that might as well be called ''My Three Dads.''
The arsenic levels in her body, her doctor said, were about 100 times what they should have been.
I think it's a strong placebo effect.
''In the interim, they're going to have to get smaller.''
In an interview, he said, ''It is the most common cause of liver failure, and these cases should be preventable.''
Voice of the Faithful, a moderate lay Catholic group that formed in response to the crisis but still refrained from rebelling against the cardinal, called for his resignation.
COUNT BASIE THEATER ''Jekyll and Hyde.''
That's the way things work around here.''
That is why after two weeks of discussions he was prepared to hire Lewis as his coach.
As an ailing mother of Cuban origin, abandoned by her husband, she is struggling to rear a son (Julien A. Carrasquillo) in 1987 in Union City, where the boy yearns for the excitement of life in New York.
The agency also produced a series of commercials for Budget Rent-a-Car that portrayed Budget executives considering amenities like personal jet-propulsion packs, resulting in one customer rocketing into high-voltage lines and disappearing in a shower of sparks.
Two people have contracted H.I.V.
Earlier today, the skating union said that despite the urging of the International Olympic Committee for a speedy resolution to the dispute, it would not act before Monday.
ABC, Sept. 17 at 9 p.m., then Thursdays at 9 p.m. starting Sept. 19.
One focus-group participant, Matthew Smith, 17, who will be a senior this fall at San Diego High School, said he was particularly struck by the mundane use of the Internet as a textbook.
''Californians should never have to make the choice between being good workers and being good parents,'' the governor said.
The looming fight is characteristic of other battles Mr. Koizumi has faced during his 15-month tenure.
My route, however, takes me into a parallel and cozier universe -- from the gateway along a small gravel drive hidden from the grander public entrance, through large wooden doors, up some stairs and into a small hall.
''That may be not so relevant to the story,'' Mr. Yu said.
These Canadian landmarks easily rival such Appalachian Trail scenic high points as the 6,643-foot summit of Clingman's Dome in the Great Smoky Mountains of Tennessee, or 5,798-foot Mount Adams in New Hampshire, which after an arduous climb reveals the grandeur of the Presidential Range.
After all, if Ozzy Osbourne can make a comeback, who's to say that an over-the-hill former hot spot can't muscle its way back onto the scene?
I like any store that has a point of view and strong visual merchandising.''
He upholds the honor code against a fellow player.
That traditional party ethic is embryonically reflected in the domestic policy staples emerging so far among pundits and most Democrats running for president, Mr. Gore included: some kind of universal health insurance (bothersome details and price tags to come during primary season), a fast Democratic tax cut for the non-rich in lieu of the slo-mo Bush windfall for the upper brackets, fights for the environment and civil liberties and against hard-right judicial appointments and corporate malfeasance.
Students from Ballet Academy East and the School of American Ballet added to the merriment.
On his first day, he gave the new recruits a pep talk, telling them what he expected.
The investigation continued to be frustrating to detectives because of its lack of prime suspects and immediate crime scene evidence, Chief Moose said.
Palestinians say we won't let their ambulances in Jenin.
SENATOR HENRY P. McNAMARA does not need to look at the dropping water level in the Wanaque Reservoir to know that the state is facing a severe dry spell this summer.
But through shrewd deal-making -- and timely developments including a barrage of new corporate scandals like the deceptive accounting at WorldCom, a crisis of investor confidence and a plummeting stock market -- Mr. Sarbanes now finds himself riding herd on some of the most sweeping corporate and securities proposals in almost 70 years.
On his first trip to Europe since Sept. 11, the president sped from the Tegel Airport to a cafe near the Brandenburg Gate that once divided East and West, where he met Chancellor Gerhard Schröder for apple strudel, vanilla ice cream and coffee.
New York-Penn League UTICA BLUE SOX--Announced the team has been purchased by Cal Ripken and will be moved to Aberdeen, Md.
In truth, Private Sylvor, an utterly untrained artist, had no brushes.
Those investigations, which began with anonymous letters from Kmart employees in January, are expected to conclude by the end of the year, and the company says it is cooperating.
As Mr. Ma slid a coffin into a cremator after his break, several family members wearing white sashes and squares of white cloth glued to the toes of their shoes began to wail, kowtowing on the ground beside him.
The confusion has spread to the critics.
Mr. Christian became President Johnson's spokesman in January 1967, replacing Bill Moyers, who left to become publisher of Newsday.
Angered because the fencing is blocking direct access from the houses to the surf and is putting large swaths of beach off limits from April to August, officials in the village of 530, mostly seasonal residents, have decided not to spend $30,000 to protect the birds.
When a hearing was finally held three weeks after his detention, the judge closed the courtroom, excluding Mr. Zeidan's cousin and reporters.
Mr. Zabel graduated from Harvard Law School and worked as a civil rights lawyer in Mississippi in the 1960's.
In 1930 the magazine Architectural Forum said that the Y's polychrome terra cotta door enframements took details from old palace and cathedral doorways, and that Baum had succeeded in finding a kind of brick in South Carolina with a ''texture quite different from anything that hitherto had been used in New York.''
The company has not yet surpassed $10 million in annual revenue.
By this evening, a computer bulletin board run by People's Daily, the newspaper of the Communist Party, carried several messages criticizing the Beijing authorities.
Rather surprisingly, the answer is yes.
He called a news conference in his office on Feb. 6 to urge Mr. Spitzer to ''back off from his heavy-handed harassment of pro-life pregnancy centers.''
Today at 2 p.m. Free 125 Symmes Drive, Manalapan.
But the arrangement differs significantly from those of other groups that evaluate products.
American shores have not been hit by a hurricane since 1999.
''They raised the popular consciousness of design,'' Fiell said.
Also at 64 were Kenny Perry, Deane Pappas and Jeff Sluman.
The skating union suggested a system in which skaters would receive marks for each maneuver based on degree of difficulty and execution.
It's a trade-off that has benefited the city handsomely over the years.
In the first two months of this year, the number of American tourists was down 29 percent and the number of Japanese 44 percent compared with the first two months of 2001, said Basaran Ulusoy, chairman of the Association of Turkish Travel Agencies.
It worked so well the Defense Department got scared and took back the power.
Among media bloviators, wartime sacrifice is even more of an abstraction.
Inside the van, the police said, were other Booker campaign signs that had been cut into pieces.
An unanswered question is which of the three left in the field are helped the most by Mr. Treffinger's departure.
''Everything is at your disposal.
In the Thai program, after pilot studies showed the benefits of the drug AZT in preventing such transmission in certain areas, the government mounted a program in October 2000 to reach the more than a half-million women who give birth each year and the 10,000 infants who are born at risk of contracting H.I.V.
With 5,000 kinds of confections, stools that look like peppermints and a staircase embedded with jelly beans, the 5,500-square-foot store is every child's fantasy of a candy paradise come to life.
Locals and tourists in Paris rely on the little red Paris par Arrondissement.
Of late, I've been the windshield.''
He put the integrity of this game on his shoulders, and it's important that he be upheld.
Neither had slept much the night before, which was spent planning and packing.
Doctors learned he had anthrax only when they examined his blood and saw the characteristic boxcar-shaped anthrax bacteria.
Scores of Russian men -- and their parents -- now go to extreme lengths to win exemptions from service, similar to what Americans did during the Vietnam War.
Congress authorized two trails for development with federal money before 1978, and has approved federal purchases for 11 trails since 1983.
That has been the thinking behind more than half a century of cancer treatment, and it's the basis for such screening technologies as mammography, spiral CT scanning (used to detect lung cancer) and the P.S.A., or prostate specific antigen test, all of which are aimed at detecting tumors when they are small and most easily removed or destroyed by chemotherapy or radiation.
''You can climb inside, you can sit, wade and splash about,'' Mr. Massie said.
More than 22 percent of respondents in the 55-to-64 age group said they would have to work longer.
Such chaos could entice Iran into pursuing territorial gains in Iraq's oil-rich and Shiite south and make it possible for terrorist groups to find refuge and even gain access to some chemical or biological weapons in the ensuing chaos.
1: ''The background is simple,'' he explained.
'' The judge, who is retired, did not recall the case.
Sather, the Rangers' president and general manager, was discussing the head coaching position with a representative for Herb Brooks on Wednesday.
Rivers, in a surprise, started Ewing, believing this might indeed be his farewell appearance.
''I think part of the problem is people started to equate risk with return and thought it was an equal sign,'' he said.
Now other Big Ten coaches, including Joe Tiller of Purdue, Lloyd Carr of Michigan and Ron Turner of Illinois, say they agree with Paterno and his athletic director, Tim Curley, on the need for an overall review of conference officiating.
''He's still living the dream,'' Mr. Erickson said of his friend.
TOM DASCHLE, the Senate Democratic leader.
Among the countries that trade with Iraq under the oil-for-food program, France ranked third, with $3.1 billion in trade since the program's start 1996.
In the digital context, ''speed'' has nothing to do with light sensitivity.
Nothing else needed to be said.
''Outside of New York,'' a concierge at a fine New York hotel once told me as we watched the tourists come and go, ''this is a nation of people in pajamas.''
Mr. Beccalli has grown very close to Daniele Falco, the man his mother married 33 years ago.
Rootstein countered with a sculptured version of the avian-featured Erin O'Connor.
Like Logitech's Elite model, Microsoft's Wireless Multimedia keyboard ($84.95 with a wireless optical mouse) has media-player controls, special buttons and dual F-key functions, but it is nearly two inches shorter.
It said the program's future depended on Russia's cooperation, future decisions by the federal Department of Energy, and the ability of the department to get a license for the conversion plant.
It was a missed opportunity but an entertaining play in a series that now goes on hiatus.
But board members said Mr. Breton told them he would need about two months to sort out the group's finances and come up with a plan.
I did everything I could.
Apart from a brief and unimpressive foray as a legislator for the Free Democrats in 1972, Mr. Augstein remained publisher and chief editorial writer -- a position that gave him great influence -- until his death.
As time went on, people are not thinking about that anymore, and they just want to shop.''
Friends and family will be received on Tuesday, April 23rd from 2-4 and 7-9 PM at Van Emburgh-Sneider Funeral Home, 109 Darlington Avenue, Ramsey, NJ 07446.
When Kenneth Roth, the executive director of Human Rights Watch, attended Yale Law School in the late 1970's, it offered one course in human rights.
He also wrote ''The Flight of the Dragonfly'' (1984), which he renamed ''Rocheworld'' and followed with four sequels.
The documentary cameras record her speaking to her husband on the phone, underscoring how near and far the war is from her home.
Fast Folk music magazine, an audio archive of a tenacious scene that's every bit as do-it-yourself as punk-rock, celebrates its 20th anniversary with songwriters like Jack Hardy, Christine Lavin, Ina May Wool and Noel Weinstein; Smithsonian Folkways has just released an anthology of Fast Folk songs.
He drove himself to the Metro-North train station in Katonah, where he died.
That is because destroying documents is not a crime unless it is done with the intent to impede an official proceeding.
The Immigration and Naturalization Service had actually opposed the mandatory detention provision when Congress was considering it.
Under the previous owners, Sumitomo Realty and Development, the Top of the Sixes restaurant, designed by Raymond Loewy, closed in 1996.
's, pickups and minivans -- compared with about 4.39 million a year earlier, according to the Autodata Corporation.
Pop Pop of Emily, Kelcey and Hannah.
Australia's offer on Monday of antiterrorism assistance and intelligence was accepted by Indonesia, but officials here doubt that cooperation will be close.
Currently, the archives building remains the only campus landmark that Wesleyan's Department of Film Studies can call its own.
But when this kind of comic, hormonally driven nostalgia clicks, it seems as easy as American pie.
Mr. Klein said that he could not be happier with the bullpen arrangement.
His first television show went on the air on Sept. 21, 1948, from Studio 6B of the RCA building in Rockefeller Center.
David, Brooke, Erica and Remy.
Testaverde has strong support among his teammates.
The sea is full of venom.
Customs Service raids on institutions like the International Institute for Islamic Thought in Herndon, Va., and F.B.I.
Ms. Moore brings to the role the same luminous demureness that colors her portrayal of an innocent, well-meaning Connecticut housewife whose world shatters in ''Far From Heaven.''
During the last two years, the Board of Education has tried to nurture new and emerging principals on several fronts.
The Hussar, one claim reported, had taken on a slave named Swan as a pilot to navigate Hell Gate.
Mr. Geragos said the Saks employees hoped to avoid a civil suit by planting evidence on Ms. Ryder and then lying about what happened and what she said to them.
The student again raised his hand and said, ''That doesn't seem to me the case, either.''
Her purse was checked, she was wanded, and then she had to remove said tennis shoes in front of the entire line of travelers.
He said that as they signed the contract, she said: '' 'I guess you have to come to Capri now.
It has cut about 5,000 jobs in the last year.
In the fall, Tommy G. Thompson, secretary for health and human services, discreetly circulated the name of Dr. Crawford, a veterinarian with a degree in pharmacology, at the Capitol, telling selected lawmakers that Dr. Crawford was his choice for commissioner.
They move through the exit.
Falun Gong promises followers that they can achieve physical and spiritual benefits through special meditative exercises.
''That doesn't happen in New York.''
''I couldn't take my eyes off of her.
'' Baker said he agreed to become a coach, saying that he would give himself five years to become a manager.
Beloved husband of the late Arlene.
Recent months have been more challenging.
''The feeling is that the economy is worse and we should have more applicants,'' said Robin Riebel, a spokeswoman for Filene's.
In New Jersey, the foreign-born population increased by more than 50 percent, to more than 1.4 million, or 17.5 percent of the population.
But it was a vivid reminder of just how dependent the modern economy had become on the efficient transportation of goods and parts that arrive just in time for assembly.
By 1999 the number was up to 19.
He would lose his temper and his palms would start sweating, and if not Sylvia then someone else was going to bear the brunt of it.
Keener and Ms. Mortimer are sisters, both attractive and in their 30's, who have major self-esteem problems and poor taste in men.
LARRIE COLLURA may be the hardest working chef in show business.
Webster hopes to continue seeing Curran weekly and he will be tested two to three times a week, according to league rules.
Ms. Styne, 35, was managing Jones Hollywood and looking for a partner for a new restaurant when a friend introduced her to Ms. Goin.
Here we were under another terrorism alert, with the Statue of Liberty on the short list of potential targets.
He also has the backing of three other smaller unions, representing sheet-metal workers, steelworkers and mail carriers.
Mr. Blue, the album's producer, worked as hard as the band members did, logging 15-hour days through the Christmas holiday, helping with the marketing plans and wrapping up recording in early January.
The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and the Burlington Northern and Santa Fe Railway Company announced a mediated settlement in the first lawsuit charging that genetic testing of employees violated federal disabilities law.
An online purveyor of European ski packages, some of them of very good value, is www.ski-europe.com.
The police in Tahiti said they suspected Dabord, who was also on the sailing journey, of having killed all three.
It also allocates $9.2 billion to Navy shipbuilding and conversion and pays for 21 new Blackhawk helicopters and 48 F/A-18 carrier-based Hornet fighter-bombers.
Airline workers are requiring passengers to show photo identification, but do not always ask for ones issued by the state or federal governments, even though that is now mandated.
With so many batches, some of the soupy has to be hung in relatives' basements.
Chamchamal is well south of the northern no-flight zone maintained by British and American aircraft.
About ceramics you don't often think Hungarian.
Mr. Qu was sentenced to death, even though the written verdict noted that there was insufficient evidence and that, in any case, the crimes involved were not ''especially grave.''
Senator Charles E. Schumer, Democrat of New York, secured assistance as well.
We didn't play very smart.''
It was the uncertainty about McDyess's health that led to Denver's willingness to trade him, and many Knicks fans were skeptical when the club traded for him.
Mr. Fortuyn's voters appear to be as eclectic as his ideas.
The most striking results were in the men who took both growth hormone and testosterone.
For the first time in O'Neal's career, the strategy to foul him became the impetus for a 7-foot-1, 350-pound angry man to vent with his fists.
He said he had not asked General Manager Steve Phillips about his status in trade talks, adding, ''I would hope he'd bring it up with me if there's even a remote possibility.''
FedEx is not immune to the threat of recession.
The political descendants of Juan Perón are back in power, and with them the concept of ''government by couple'' that the general and his wife, Eva, pioneered more than half a century ago.
BUCKS 110, BULLS 81: Michael Redd finished with 21 points and host Milwaukee did not allow a field goal in a 9-minute 40-second stretch of the second half.
And crepes are generally cooked a second time, once they're filled, so you have another shot at getting them right.
It took a while to find the elevators, with the rain forest and sea of raucous craps tables and slot machines to navigate, but the search was worth it.
Keep bathroom doors open, for example; line up beds to look into bathrooms, and edge the toilet seat with dark tape.
a semester at Berkeley .
''He's the best player in the game, and I am not going to back down from him.
Greg LeMond and Lance Armstrong are the only Americans to have won the Tour de France, and each has done it three times.
www.mannes.edu METROPOLITAN OPERA -- (212-362-6000).
The hostage crisis in the Moscow theater and the subsequent shooting down of two Russian helicopters over an army base in Grozny have brought fresh promises of searches for Chechen fighters by Defense Minister Sergei B. Ivanov.
What the stars mean: (None) Poor to Satisfactory * Good ** Very Good *** Excellent **** Extraordinary Ratings reflect the reviewer's reaction to food, ambiance and service with price taken into consideration.
Ms. Venable and other conservative critics insist that they do not want to edit or rewrite textbooks, only to assure that they are stripped of ideology and offer a straightforward, objective statement of facts.
Presidential elections are scheduled to be held in March, and many Argentines as well as foreign investors were hoping for a smooth transition to help calm social unrest.
But discussions about the value of air rights with Ed Rawlings, the project's architect, helped persuade Dance Theater Workshop's board and its executive director, David R. White, to stay put -- but to add two floors above the existing floor and one below ground level.
A reception at the Harvest restaurant will follow.
The stock market rally continued last week, with the Dow Jones industrial average on its longest run-up in more than three years.
Target says its strategy is to have its existing customers buy groceries, swelling their purchases and bringing them into the stores more often.
''The forecast for the city budget deficit for next year is as bad, if not worse, as this year.
His status is still being investigated by several state and federal agencies.
''Once the model is completed, I can convert a garage into a sales office, but I will already have opened in a position of strength and with half a dozen sales'' since the offering plan was accepted on June 1.
But then the Italian rhythms came forward, Ms. Pinto went into skipping, twirling, knee-swinging dances, and age-old Naples was very much alive.
People have also been found.
Items derived from endangered species are also restricted, including most ivory, tortoise-shell and whalebone products.
(Stories differ as to how many blocks they ran after the men, shouting ''Stop!'')
Ms. McPartland has served as a mentor to countless aspiring musicians, including Diana Krall.
Many of us do not think the party nomination system is ''broken.''
How each of the Scrooges has chosen to react to Marley is part of the fun of being Paul Kandel.
''I've seen nurses come and go.
Frederick K. Brewington, the lawyer who filed the lawsuit, said the group's anti-immigrant rhetoric is not protected speech.
The third, from 1971, represents Carter at his most complex.
''Because these two strong Democratic candidates really want to win more in November than just September, each would be advised to tell their overzealous supporters to cool their rhetoric and their invective,'' said Mark Green, the Democratic mayoral candidate who lost in New York City last year.
''There's going to be a clean sweep in November,'' Michael Madigan, the House speaker and the chairman of the Illinois Democratic Party, declared last week after Mr. Blagojevich's primary victory.
Whom does a place like the Studio Museum serve?
Men and women who could be on the front lines of a biological attack must be protected.
Working around this, EMusic is trying to attract fans of specific independent labels and niche genres, like electronic dance music and punk.
When asked who designed her outfit, she replied, ''Me.''
MARINERS 5, CARDINALS 0: Joel Pineiro pitched a five-hitter for his first major league shutout, leading host Seattle over St. Louis.
''It's a problem,'' he said.
On the other hand you might be skeptical that the agent's name is Arthur Miller; even Mr. Schmidt acknowledges this to be perhaps -- perhaps -- too delicious a coincidence.
Mr. Eric pulls out an old piece of manuscript paper.
''What we have to realize as a team is that winning organizations win those games.
We write no laws, we pass no treaties, we impose no sanctions.
Turner, the 6-foot swing player from Cleveland, is one of four top recruits UConn landed to replace last seasons all-American starters Sue Bird, Swin Cash, Tamika Williams and Asjha Jones.
Relatively late in life, considerably mellowed, he let the world in to see him.
Micky Arison, chairman and chief executive of Carnival, indicated that he thought P&O Princess had dismissed his company's bid out of hand.
The show that caused months of debate before it opened turns out to have too much trivial art of the sort that a vocal part of the contemporary art world invariably congratulates itself for finding endlessly fascinating, but that leaves much of the public bored, if not pained and offended, which is, of course, the point.
The fund's annual turnover rate is just 20 percent, compared with 132 percent for all small growth funds, Morningstar said.
If the union comes, this is what will happen.''
Joseph Dahan, 22, who was born in Morocco and raised in France, works in New York in his father's international children's clothing business.
''It's more disappointing that we lost than worrying about whether I was late or not,'' Williams said.
Rather than try to revise the Constitution, Mr. Koizumi has simply decided to reinterpret it liberally.
If his shoulder is sound, he has the greatest value of the free agents.
Graduate of Dartmouth College, Class of 1952, and Amos Tuck Business School, Class of 1953.
The two-state solution is not divine in origin.
Before his arrival, the Bucs had not had a winning season in 14 years, going 63-153 during that span.
None of the Blechmans responded to three interview requests made through their spokesman.
We believe the consumer, the listener of music, has generally speaking in the United States migrated to FM formats.''
But those who know him well say he is a charming man with a sharp wit and a hot temper.
''Adam Lives in Theory'' reaches back to the Book of Genesis to reimagine the original battle of the sexes over a simple chord progression.
''I never thought it was unreasonable until I was laid off for four months.''
Beachfront redevelopment was frozen for almost a decade by a bankrupt developer.
Calgary had a two-man power-play advantage for 63 seconds late in the third, but Dafoe held off the Flames.
J. P. Morgan Securities and Salomon Smith Barney.
Consider Donald W. Greenberg, an associate professor of politics at Fairfield University, a ''very strong Democrat'' who worked for the Curry campaign eight years ago.
''If there's a concern about remaining competitive, then he's got to know that that kind of structure would kill us down the road.''
Now he is running for Congress against Rush Holt, a Democrat, in the 12th District, and he has the support of 12 important black ministers, most of them Democrats, who want Mr. Soaries to win because he, too, is black.
The Hammond Museum and Japanese Stroll Garden is on Deveau Road in North Salem.
And the side that gains a majority of the shareholder votes cast wins.
Only in his final chapter, ''The New Breed,'' does he catch up with some who took the corporate road, not the entrepreneurial one.
''I'm a plant specialist,'' Gale said yesterday in a telephone interview, ''but I'm also good with barbecues and lawn mowers.''
Many men in these parts do.
PREDICTION: Patriots 27, Chargers 21 SUNDAY 8:30 P.M. Minnesota Vikings (0-3) at Seattle Seahawks (0-3) Vikings receiver Randy Moss will play despite being charged with a pair of misdemeanor offenses for careless driving and failure to obey a traffic officer in downtown Minneapolis on Tuesday.
How to reclaim one's authentic identity.
In the autumn of 1786, Captain Twedt commanded the Die Frau Metta Catherina, a 53-ton brigantine bound from St. Petersburg to Genoa carrying a cargo of hemp and leather.
He was 52 years old.
Torre said he was watching TV and saw an ad for the telecast on the A's flagship station.
It also provides a first look at the class of 2002, which will be required to pass two additional exams, in American and global history, to graduate.
This can translate as a black-and-white knit jacket with asymmetrical lapels from Panache ($690) or stunning jewel-toned scarves like Laura Hunter's (from $147), ties by Michael Murphy (from $59) and bold, face-framing earrings (from $90 -$1,000 and up).
But when she speaks about her social agenda, she has no canned human rights spiel.
Attorneys general from 29 states accused Bristol-Myers Squibb yesterday of illegally profiting through several fraudulent schemes to keep lower-priced generic versions of Taxol, a life-extending cancer drug, off the market.
''I've wanted this for a long time.''
Sailing the Annie, or teaching drawing and maritime literature on three-month voyages aboard tall ships for Southampton College's Seamester program, Ms. Scott is well acquainted with the exhilaration and terror of seafaring.
''There's such great beauty in the simplicity of people dressing up just because they want to,'' he said.
A judge accepted his plea of not responsible because of mental disease, and committed him to a high-security state mental hospital until he could be deemed no longer dangerous.
I can endure beyond my own fatigue.
LAVOR POSTELL scored 8 points in 10 minutes in the first half but bruised his left ankle when Charlotte's DAVID WESLEY fell over him in the second quarter.
''I see nothing but potential and opportunity,'' he said.
Known in the United States mainly through a series of incendiary late-1940's recordings with Gillespie, Pozo never became a public figure -- he barely spoke English, and he was killed in a Harlem drug dispute in 1948, less than a year after joining Gillespie.
It's just a question of the new world they're living in.''
Other researchers at the University of California at Berkeley in partnership with Vanderbilt University and the University of Memphis were awarded $13 million to design software systems that can be used in a wide range of applications.
Rarely in the field of human conflict has so little been owed by so few to so many.
Broadway shows entice him now.
11 was not good, either for NATO or for the European defense project,'' a senior French official said.
In lieu of flowers, donations to North Shore Animal League of America, Lewyt St, Port Washington, New York 11050, would be appreciated.
It is illegal to capture them or even to anesthetize them and take their blood.
''Everybody hates them, he knows they look stupid, but he's going to wear his earmuffs.''
But for the Sept. 11 disaster, the agency, apparently fearing being overwhelmed by applications, changed its usual phrase ''as a result'' to ''as a direct result,'' thereby raising the burden of proof.
In a collective expression of relief by world money markets, the euro jumped 1.4 percent against the dollar in New York trading and about 2 percent against the Japanese yen.
''Anything involved in the case is going to be looked at very thoroughly from an evidentiary standpoint, the official said.
After all, the ensemble that opened last fall set the season's standard for frantic comic teamwork.
Slurping oysters and clams off the half shell on a sunny June day, cooled by the breezes off the Peconic Bay, is the perfect lunch.
Thomas was the cornerstone of the Detroit team known as the Bad Boys, who won back-to-back championships in 1989 and 1990.
Rooms are individually decorated; doubles with breakfast $167 to $449 weekends, $241 to $542 weekdays.
She then raced in the super-G, a difficult, risky discipline for someone who has had three knee operations in the past year.
Michele Tolela Myers, President Barbara Kaplan, Dean of the College DeLAY-Dorothy.
But here's some good news: my research shows that the average woman has far more power to control not just her worries, but also her destiny and even world events than she would ever guess.
His chief of staff also recused himself, since he was Mr. Ashcroft's 2000 campaign manager.
Mrs. Hayes was born in New Jersey, graduated from Manhasset High, L.I., and Blackstone College, VA.
But he has never covered New York City.
A week after the building opened, in April 1929, the floors above the bank were 75 percent rented.
When the author of this revealing and helpful book was in medical school, she discovered to her chagrin that all medical care was based on what was normal for a 165-pound man, and that heart disease in women was ''vastly underdiagnosed and poorly treated.''
Reyes impressed the Mets during a stint in major league camp and his defense has been compared to that of the Mets' Rey Ordóñez.
The ruling by Judge Milton I. Shadur of Federal District Court comes in a lawsuit filed last year by the First Defense Legal Aid, a nonprofit group representing more than 40 indigent witnesses it says had been detained illegally.
''Frankly, they are used to more traditional, tribal dance performances.''
This season it seems everyone has a shrink, and the psychiatrists are deliberately spoofed, though not to the point where the comedy changes the series' realistic tone.
The institute sent Dr. Schön a letter of intent in March, before the investigation started.
People who saw Mr. Toledo seemed impressed.
And made the most of it.
''But I'm sure you want to get back to your Page Six-type questions.''
We extend our deepest condolences to Rita and family.
Officials from the union, the Uniformed Firefighters Association, said they had no choice because the fund's bylaws clearly state that all donations are to go to the widows, children and dependents of firefighters who died in the line of duty.
Teacher guides and booklets bristled with tests: multiple-choice tests and fill-in-the-blanks tests and matching-column tests that would knock your socks off.
THE day after the deadly Palestinian attack on Hebrew University in Jerusalem, The Guardian, the left-leaning British newspaper, published an editorial criticizing Israel for what the paper called ''random, vengeful acts of terror'' against Palestinian civilians during its reoccupation of the West Bank town of Jenin last spring.
Tomorrow, the area's cultural and historic landmarks will be covered, meeting at 10 a.m. in front of the Lenox Lounge, 288 Malcolm X Boulevard, at 125th Street.
A few days later, there were cheers in Miami when President Bush vowed to keep the embargo unless Mr. Castro first makes democratic reforms.
As a result of that divergence, work trips now account for less than half of all subway and bus trips, dropping to 44.1 percent in 2000 from 54.5 percent in 1990.
The Idaho Department of Fish and Game deepened the pond and restocked it.
Under the principal's contract, principals now get bonuses if test scores in their schools improve.
It would be an outing fraught with risk.
Also appealing was the fresh-voiced Karla Simmons, who in the wonderfully subversive role of Anna Freud happily acted out her Elektra complex toward her father, much to his discomfort.
or C.I.A., but it would envelop the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service.)
''Grace under pressure,'' she said.
GARY HEROLD Reserved but Loving Nobody mistook Gary Herold for the life of the party.
''Bill Bradbury, the secretary of state of Oregon, is on the line,'' he says.
The next year, he finished second in the Sprint, a race that he then won by a half-length in 2000 at Churchill Downs.
But the 3-year returns dominate the ratings even for these older funds, accounting for 71 percent of the rating for funds at least 10 years old and 76 percent for those 5 to 10 years old.
Wilder's unique style is imitated by many, and studied by countless film fans.
In the final minutes of debate on its tax plan, Congress imposed a tax on soft drink producers that use fructose, which is principally imported from the United States.
She also tucked a note inside the frame to explain that this portrait of ''poker-playing dogs'' was a gift from the daughter of the dog world's Michelangelo, and that the benefactor still lives on the West Coast.
''I didn't want this to be my last game,'' said Dixon, the net hanging around his neck after he scored 27 points.
The coaches have to coach better.
''Philosophically, I worry about celebrating killing the other thing,'' he said.
Minaya, Robinson and Tavares began their jobs with assurances from Commissioner Bud Selig that they would be free to operate the team as they saw fit.
–What are other significant facts about this country that you think would help explain this country’s ability to compete in world trade?
Drugs are approved with a certain type and pattern of population exposure, so when a drug goes on the market it is approved for use in that population as it was in the studies.
Not only will Mr. Levy have to help raise the $1.2 billion that the project is expected to cost, but he will have to try to unite Lincoln Center's 13 arts groups behind the effort -- a task that has so far proven difficult.
''The public is looking for a way out of the country's quagmire and the man to lead it out,'' he told Israeli radio.
He wouldn't give his name, but he is one of the few of the fishmongers willing to admit that this predawn society is bound for the Bronx.
It was more like a demonstration, an education, a revelation of all the practical, soul-baring magic that separates a singer from a performing seal.
Mr. Rowland, who had tried to keep out of the imbroglio, later announced that Mr. Ellef would not seek another term as chairman and named a veteran Republican state representative to replace him.
''Our motto,'' he said, ''is: 'We are not building big league players.
MY OLD LADY -- In Israel Horovitz's play, a man inherits an apartment in Paris from his father, but when he arrives to claim it (and sell it), he finds he has inherited the tenants as well.
The rodents love it, but it's tough on us,'' she said.
A11 Hit-and-Run Suspect in Court Chante J. Mallard, 25, who is accused of murder in the death of a man who became lodged in her windshield, appeared in court in Fort Worth, as her lawyer disputed some of the most graphic accusations in the case.
''The cat,'' Mossa said, ''is named Cat.''
If you have ever walked along a quiet country road in the Northeast in late July or early August, you have probably caught a whiff of milkweed in bloom.
''If anything, it was overenthusiasm,'' said Mr. Ryan.
''It's all under investigation,'' Deputy Chief Judy J. McGinn, the head of Brooklyn's detective unit, said when asked about the report of the bicycle-theft ring, which first appeared Sunday in The New York Post.
The new changes, he said, were a start, but did not go far enough.
Robeson Campus Center Art Gallery.
But it, too, is based on interviews conducted by Ms. Ensler (in this case, during the war in Bosnia), and it bravely assesses the impact of such a process on both the questioners and the questioned.
''I don't make the rules.
3 and may well slip further.
Some of the criticisms that she and others raised have since been addressed by allowing people with ''alternative viewers'' that rely solely on text to gain access to some content.
''She'd be on the phone saying, 'I hope you have that foie gras he likes.'
He proposed the creation of a ''Federation of Long-term Investors,'' with companies that run index mutual funds, like Vanguard, as its nucleus.
And the results are quite compatible, said Andrew Cherlin, a professor of public policy at Johns Hopkins University and an author of the three-city study.
The ice dam burst open months later with a catastrophic flood, even larger than the one this August.
Purse: $1 million guaranteed Weight: 126 pounds Distance: 1 3/16 miles Post time: Today, 6:04 p.m. Eastern Track record: 1:52 1/5 (Farma Way, 1991) Television: NBC POST: 12 HORSE (ODDS): Proud Citizen (6-1) TRAINER: D. Wayne Lukas JOCKEY: Mike Smith POST: 8 HORSE (ODDS): War Emblem (3-1) TRAINER: Bob Baffert JOCKEY: Victor Espinoza POST: 5 HORSE (ODDS): Medaglia d'Oro (5-2) TRAINER: Bobby Frankel JOCKEY: Jerry Bailey POST: 4 HORSE (ODDS): Crimson Hero (20-1) TRAINER: Nick Zito JOCKEY: Chris McCarron POST: 6 HORSE (ODDS): Harlan's Holiday (9-2) TRAINER: Ken McPeek JOCKEY: Edgar Prado POST: 10 HORSE (ODDS): Booklet (10-1) TRAINER: John Ward JOCKEY: Pat Day POST: 1 HORSE (ODDS): USS Tinosa (15-1) TRAINER: Jerry Hollendorfer JOCKEY: Kent Desormeaux POST: 9 HORSE (ODDS): Table Limit (30-1) TRAINER: D. Wayne Lukas JOCKEY: Gary Stevens POST: 3 HORSE (ODDS): Straight Gin (30-1) TRAINER: Nick Zito JOCKEY: Robby Albarado POST: 13 HORSE (ODDS): Equality (20-1) TRAINER: Graham Motion JOCKEY: Ramon Dominguez POST: 7 HORSE (ODDS): Easyfromthegitgo (15-1) TRAINER: Steve Asmussen JOCKEY: Donnie Meche POST: 2 HORSE (ODDS): Magic Weisner (40-1) TRAINER: Nancy Alberts JOCKEY: Richard Migliore POST: 11 HORSE (ODDS): Menacing Dennis (50-1) TRAINER: Jeff Bonde JOCKEY: Mario Pino
That this plan is rejected is due to the determination of Luke, who didn't much want to be a teacher anyway and will not leave his sisters to strangers; and to a local schoolteacher equally determined that Matt, at least -- he is a scholar, Miss Morrison'' -- continue his education.
He adds, ''I was a bachelor at the time.''
Hasek could be seen and heard banging his stick on the ice against Sweden and Canada, and not just to signal the end of a penalty.
Modern pentathlon, once contested over five days, is now a one-day event combining the five disciplines of a military courier: pistol shooting, épée fencing, swimming, equestrian show-jumping and cross-country running.
The man, David Pagan, 35, has been in custody since Aug. 20, the police said.
It is Virginia that is out of touch: fewer than half the states now have the death penalty for juveniles, and only seven have executed one in the last 26 years.
Yet the group has often been met with tear gas and stun grenades, and once with gunfire.
At least if you are awaiting confirmation for a judgeship or senior government position and your previous writings and positions, once rendered with gusto, are proving an awkward obstacle.
The insurers argue that if there was never an intent to deliver the gas -- and if, instead, the deals were a mechanism for disguising a loan -- then they owe nothing.
Veterans' groups, the state attorney general and Connecticut's congressional delegation have let their consternation be known..
No, the husband was more likely to be begging his wife to bring home a paycheck.
On the morning of Sept. 11, Mr. Atta and Mr. Alomari flew from Portland to Logan Airport in Boston and then boarded an American Airlines jet that the authorities believe Mr. Atta later flew into the north tower of the trade center.
If Hewlett can exploit that opportunity, he added, ''That puts the new H.P.
''Garden,'' which takes place in the garden of the house, is next door on Stage 2.
There is no Italian pasta with andouille sausages and Cajun spices.
Labor, with 24 parliamentary seats, joined forces with Mr. Sharon in a unity government after he won a landslide victory in national elections last year, but differences over policy toward the Palestinians have occasionally strained the partnership and raised pressures within Labor to leave the coalition.
Mary Cassatt has also inspired her; she wonders if Cassatt would have had a more prominent place in history if her most monumental work -- a 65-foot mural of women's achievements at the 1893 Chicago Exposition -- had not been lost.
But others are great, and together the images add up to a fresh, divinely eccentric portrait of America after the assassination of President John F. Kennedy.
From the Chambers Chamber ensembles from near and far make their mark this week.
The father of the girl hired an armed guard for the ceremony, and handed out printed certificates thanking the guests for having the courage to come to Jerusalem.
''The airlines have got to start paying attention to people like this guy,'' said Kevin P. Mitchell, the chairman of the Business Travel Coalition, a trade group whose e-mail newsletter posted Mr. Julian's letter last week.
Word from initial industry screenings last week was that it may not be the debacle-in-the-making some had forecast, but an early Oscar front-runner.
The story, based on Nick Hornby's novel, is thoroughly sentimental, but the Weitzes bring it off with a light, knowing touch (A. O. Scott).
In the months after assaulting the jogger, Mr. Reyes raped four more women, murdering one of them.
But while they are grossing millions each month, the casinos have brought more cars to the region and taxed local services, according to the officials from the three towns that surround the Mashantucket Pequots' Foxwoods Resort Casino.
Adelsheim Vineyard Oregon 2000: $14 * 1/2 [rating: one and a half stars] Asimov detected an apple and honey aroma that he liked, and Prial said it had decent acidity and a touch of lemon, but Scicolone called it strange.
Maurice Levin Theater, 760 Northfield Avenue, West Orange.
The house now features gleaming wood floors and a spiral staircase with balusters delicately intertwined by a vine of silk foliage and blooms.
Of course, the veto pen of the president is another restraint on the budget process.
''Family matters stay in the family,'' Giambi said.
Chambers said that the company had debated what to say over the weekend and had decided to announce that Mr. Carter, who is well-regarded as Cisco's chief financial officer, plans to retire next May on his 60th birthday.
They even add small touches, like the curbside trash bags, less than half an inch tall, that say ''garbage.''
Graham T. Allison, the Harvard professor who wrote ''Essence of Decision,'' a seminal study of the crisis recently revised with Philip D. Zelikow (Addison Wesley, 1999) noted another element: President Kennedy's willingness to take a secret gamble on Sat.
''My future in the party will be decided in the next couple of months,'' Mr. Rangel said.
When the Legislature could not agree, redistricting was handled by a panel of three federal judges.
One potential candidate, Senator John Kerry of Massachusetts, also explicitly attacked Mr. Bush's handling of the war in Afghanistan, saying that his policies had allowed members of Al Qaeda to escape.
With Percival tossing from the mound in the bullpen instead of from the mound on the field, Jason Giambi singled home the game-tying run against Scott Schoeneweis and Williams crushed a home run against Brendan Donnelly.
Jesse's war was, as Stiles notes, ''small-scale, intensely personal, and intensely vicious.''
''If you're a new singer with a hit record, or an actor in a telenovela, there is no better showcase.
Now they are, and those rushing into the bond market -- while too late to head off big losses in their stock portfolios -- could help buoy the economy and eventually contribute to a stock market recovery as well.
Then he goes fishing, and prepares dinner for his wife, Barbara, 45, his former student, one-time fellow knife thrower and a full-time exercise physiologist.
''In order to stimulate demand, airlines have reduced prices to levels not seen since 1988,'' said David A. Swierenga, the chief economist at the trade group.
REBOUNDING from a year of upheaval that left the college with a tainted public image and a reputation among its creditors for not paying its bills, Dowling College may be on the road to fiscal recovery.
''That's not to say John Hynes isn't intelligent and good at what he does, and his children are beautiful and they have straight teeth and everything else Garrison Keillor would say, but he also lucked out.''
Mr. Johanson directed three musicals that year, beginning with ''Mame,'' where the cost of the sets came in at double the initial estimate, while elaborate costumes further eroded the production budget.
Can Sharon, in stepping in to personally conduct cease-fire talks, steer between a band of Israeli Army reservist refuseniks on the left and Bibi Netanyahu's call for toppling the Palestinian Authority on the right?
Design memorials to September 11 in the artistic styles of other American memorials.
Mr. Pemberton is determined to show that Pitsee has never really had anyplace she could call home.
''40 Days'' is set at one of those dot-com workplaces where no one does anything but talk about the sex lives of others.
The Hong Kong-based Information Center for Human Rights and Democracy said that three other democracy advocates had been missing since June 26 when, traveling in Vietnam, they visited the Chinese border.
The junk is spurring efforts to clean up shipboard life.
A children's menu offers chicken fingers.
In other words, all cloning for medical research should be stopped.
Mutombo averaged 11.5 points and 10.8 rebounds with the Allen Iverson-led Sixers last season.
But Mr. Wilder never trusted himself to write film scripts on his own.
Andrea Weinstock, a daughter of Lorna and George Weinstock of Wyckoff, N.J., was married last evening to Jeffrey Zaretsky, a son of Dr. Sophie Turner and David Zaretsky of Great Neck, N.Y.
No longer good at walking, I led the wheelchair brigade.
Priceline.com in Norwalk, Conn., has awarded its creative account to Gotham in New York, part of the Interpublic Group of Companies.
Mr. Wilbekin's parents were lawyers.
If research like Dr. Fehr's shows the stick side of the equation, the newest findings present the neural carrot -- people cooperate because it feels good to do it.
He was an accomplished violinist and an executive in the shipping industry.
I decided to fool around with one, and the results were so good that it is now my favorite fall accompaniment to roast chicken and veal.
A 6-foot-1-inch forward, he excels in the air and is reliable with his back to the goal.
The authority will turn over a minimum of 800 spaces in the 2,300-car, nine-story parking facility for students to use free of charge.
''But I have been tempted to join,'' she says.
''I thought it would be romantic, to be at the summit as the sun was rising and the clouds were forming a carpet beneath us,'' he said.
The number of children left orphaned by AIDS continues to increase sharply.
''Timo's swinging the bat real well, that's a few.
Pearl is (may be) alive and make real efforts to get him out.''
You don't want to share these things.''
Senator Joseph R. Biden Jr. of Delaware, the chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee and thus the Democrats' ex officio spokesman in the Senate on foreign policy, stands somewhere between the hawks and the doves.
A coming version of EverQuest for the Sony PlayStation 2 will be the first massively multiplayer title for a console game.
If it is economically logical, we are prepared to break our material down even further.''
I tried to figure it out.
It is an increasingly vituperative race.
''A number of people simply feel that the Long Island Association takes a terribly arrogant approach in the way it deals with individuals and other organizations,'' said Jeffrey Bass, the chairman of the Long Island Venture Group, a nonprofit venture-capital organization that let its membership in the L.I.A.
The Dow Jones industrial average closed up 44.56 points, or 0.5 percent, at 8,849.40.
''We took it seriously,'' he said, ''and we took appropriate actions to address the findings in it.''
Steve Martin, the host, took note of the relatively obscure list, saying: ''I am so pleased to see Robert Caro was nominated.
With the oil industry expanding rapidly, he set out on his own and established the General Contracting Company, which later struck a deal with the Bechtel Corporation to help build the Trans-Arabian Pipe Line, linking the oil wells of Saudi Arabia with terminals in Lebanon.
In his 1999 autobiography, ''The Chapanis Chronicles,'' he reviewed his career and provided a history of his field, which has been known as psychophysical systems research, engineering psychology, human factors, human engineering and, finally, ergonomics.
Todd Fouser, Reuben Jorsling and Sean Tracy of FACE Design are based in Brooklyn and specialize in small innovative projects, including residences, offices and galleries.
He began practicing at 16, under the tutelage of his brother-in-law, T. Krishnamacharya, a strict taskmaster who trained a generation of teachers in the last century.
Now there is a much more Irish aesthetic, a continental look to the facades.''
''Twelve years ago, the people who came through our doors were all long-term employees.
Brendan Gleeson, as Kyle's slobby, bemused photographer-pal, uses his bluff wit and amiable presence to create a character with alarming swiftness.
''Unfortunately, someone else owns the Tiger Woods.''
''The tendency of mutual fund management to vote with corporate management has contributed to the $1.5 trillion that has been lost by investors,'' said Michael Garland, corporate transactions coordinator for the A.F.L.-C.I.O.
McDonald's, reporting lower profits for the seventh time in the last eight quarters, said today that it would pare restaurant openings nearly in half in 2003 and invest more heavily in its sluggish United States business.
The governor largely held his own, and he was more specific about issues, policies and proposals than he has been through this campaign, talking about plans to lower county property taxes, defending investments in high-tech projects and explaining his proposal to ease the Rockefeller drug laws.
Loving father of Andy Port Gross, Cynthia Stone, and son-inlaw Ken Gross.
This premise is convincingly illuminated by ''Goya: Images of Women,'' an extraordinary exhibition at the National Gallery of Art here.
More than most athletes, hockey players generally appreciate the history of their sport, and Hull more than most because he is the son of Bobby Hull and the nephew of Dennis Hull.
One of them said he was surprised that Mr. Racicot had not recognized that ''the president thinks the whole lobbying thing is insidious and worries about the perception of it all.''
Still, Mr. Kennedy acknowledged that over the years officials and casino operators had come up short on predictions that Atlantic City was about to turn the corner.
And once the fare is booked, passengers can change their travel dates without penalty.
At this rate, nobody will be able to say 'God bless you' anymore when someone sneezes.''
And so it opened this season's theater series at the Stamford Center on Friday, where it runs through next Sunday.
Mizzen Mast beat Giant Gentleman by four lengths and set a stakes record in the $400,000 Strub Stakes at Santa Anita yesterday.
Tonight at 8; tickets are $10 (Pareles).
Just as indie companies changed the film industry by tackling unusual subjects on smaller budgets, digital video allows artists to play by new rules.
The federal crackdown will help American children everywhere receive the financial support to which they are legally entitled.
BankBoston bought Robertson Stephens for $800 million in 1998.
Since DiCaprio is famously a basketball freak, I ask if it's any coincidence that he always specifies that he has exactly 10 pals: two teams.
In September, preschool was expanded to full day from a half day for 3- and 4-year-olds in all but two of the special needs districts.
into a counterterrorism organization, and much of today's hearing is likely to be devoted to the bureau's fumbling of information from its Arizona and Minnesota offices last summer that pointed to the possibility of a terrorist plot involving hijacked airliners.
Ms. Hong, a Korean modern-dance performer and choreographer, singer and writer, has a distinctive gift for quietly stunning imagery and the mystical distillation of complex life issues.
Democrats around the country say the replacement of Trent Lott with Bill Frist as Senate Republican leader greatly complicates their task of taking advantage of the racial furor sparked by Mr. Lott as they try to reassert themselves in a town dominated by Republicans.
* MUSEUM OF MODERN ART, QUEENS, 45-20 33rd Street, at Queens Boulevard, Long Island City, (212) 708-9400.
Still, some residents find the whole enterprise a bit suspect, if not silly.
The Red Wings, unbeaten in five games (3-0-2), took a 3-0 lead on two second-period power-play goals.
The move was expected, as former MTV chief Judy McGrath had been named to run all the MTV-related music networks.
That criticism would be sure to intensify if prosecutors were defeated in court, leaving behind an exonerated corporation that was crippled by the decision to bring a speedy indictment.
The plan calls for $2.5 million in aid for as many as 1,500 volunteers.
''Every school group and church thinks their offerings are unique,'' said David H. Shayt, a curator at the National Museum of American History.
I wouldn't want to be in that Ranger-Islander game.''
In a city known for its libido, they represent not quite sex and the city.
During the company's liquidity crisis last year, a group of about two dozen banks agreed to lend Lucent money only if its assets were put up as collateral.
Single units, 15 inches wide and 13 1/2 inches high, can also be used as a coffee table.
The union asked Judge Robertson for a preliminary injunction to stop the panel's proceedings.
According to the suit filed in 2000, the companies acquired the leases for $10.5 million but spent heavily on exploration activities, increasing their investment to an estimated $100 million.
But while innocence is almost always a casualty in Wilder's movies, many of his characters undergo an awakening of sorts, when they are redeemed by love or rebuked by fate.
Mr. Marri's lawyer, Richard Jasper, said by phone that his client has told investigators he does not know the man, Mustafa Ahmed al-Hawsawi, and did not call the number in the United Arab Emirates.
Mr. Lautenberg, who served in the Senate for 18 years, has said he expects to raise about $3 million between now and Election Day.
The fact the staff received raises -- to bring them into line with other financial regulatory agencies -- is all but forgotten.
And Boston, routing Allen Iverson and Philadelphia in Game 5 on Friday night for its first series victory in the playoffs since Larry Bird retired in 1992, travels to Detroit to meet the second-seeded Pistons.
Favre presents an unusual challenge because of his unorthodox style of play.
Center Terrence Roberts, a 6-8 junior who figures to be a top performer on next year's team, had 13 points, including two resounding jams.
He said national park officials in Ecuador, to which the islands belong, had agreed to the tests, which would involve feeding clean and oil-tainted seaweed to captive animals.
Moe Williams ran the last yard for a touchdown, cutting the Giants' lead to 19-13 with 12:06 remaining.
It said early drafts were already in the hands of a few senior administration officials and lawmakers.
Ferns do not grow in places as dark as a cave, by the way.
James Heuser, the vice provincial of the order's Eastern province, which is based in New Rochelle, N.Y.
Throughout the day, there was no respite from the reports of clashes and shelling, fulfilling the Israeli Army's vow on Sunday to apply ''continuous military pressure on the Palestinian Authority so as to curb Palestinian terrorism.''
The products that Ms. Clark and Mr. Shah have developed are crucial to insurers' future.
In this essay Ms. Spivak also extended the meaning of subaltern to apply specifically to women in colonial countries.
Mr. Scrushy has come under intense scrutiny in recent months.
''The idea of being a cowboy appeals to many people living in Colorado cities and suburbs,'' Professor Hoag said, citing opinion surveys he has done in the state in recent years.
''I felt bad because I thought our team played well enough to win a game,'' Gary Waters, the Rutgers coach, said.
Mr. Marron let the Modern choose which works it would receive.
The Mets finally broke through in the sixth, the last inning for Tavarez (3-3).
Some women find they can lessen their hot flashes by eating a diet rich in soy, and many doctors consider that a sensible strategy because the amount of phytoestrogen that can be consumed in foods is probably no more than 80 to 100 milligrams a day, a relatively low dose.
In a radio advertisement in Montana, Republicans sharply criticized Senator Max Baucus, a Democrat who is chairman of the Finance Committee and is up for re-election.
Today, only the elderly keep it alive.
''If we have a trial with crummy logistics it makes Norwalk look bad, no matter what else happens.''
Vicky Vale's photographs are smeared with lipstick, and thus unusable.
It metamorphosed into a school, he said.
That kind of unpacking must be done with care.
He gives you a little leg.
But a court ruling that ordered a former journalist for The Washington Post to testify at a genocide trial under way here has sharpened the debate over the relationship between reporters and the international courts.
''I sometimes believe that an audience doesn't see choreography -- they see dancers,'' Ms. Gibney said.
No one needs or wants to know what religion or political affiliation is involved or what the occasion might be.
443 Van Nostrand Avenue, Englewood.
The idea for the pictures came from David Bergholz, an amateur photographer, who became executive director of the foundation in 1989.
The guy could be a show-off.
Some of the cast members check her homework.
Everyone should have access to clean water more or less immediately, he said, and every school should have at least one book per child.
''Tell me what more we need from them,'' the official said.
''If politics doesn't seem to have a purpose, you leave a vacuum into which people with simple solutions and xenophobes can slip,'' he said.
And while Maggie Lawson gamely tries to infuse this television Nancy with sass, the character remains the goody-goody who drove me into the arms of Encyclopedia Brown.
He was the second member to graduate from college; his older sister, Elaine Pitt Evans, was the first.
The two singers you can count on are the affecting soprano Veronica Villarroel, an unforgettable Cio-Cio-San in Puccini's ''Madama Butterfly'' earlier this season, who sings Elisabeth, and the powerhouse mezzo-soprano Dolora Zajick as Eboli.
About two million high-definition television sets are in use today, the studios said.
It does have to do with layers, though.
Still, with a permanent home on the horizon, a schedule of plays and performance pieces for this summer and a high-profile new artistic director in Norris Church Mailer, 53 -- who with her husband, Norman Mailer, lives in Provincetown -- the company's future looks hopeful.
Few of those interviewed for reactions to Mr. Bush's speech objected to his general call for military readiness, but several people wanted to know more about what his plans meant for other budget priorities.
At last year's French Open, he had cramps in his dramatic second-round victory over Michael Chang; he then retired in the next round against Leyton Hewitt after straining his right hamstring.
Richelieu here claims for himself the same stature as his king; moreover, he lifts his cardinal's robe to reveal boots, not slippers.
I don't have a catchy name for it yet (humanocarnivore?
The movie also addresses sex and power and the relationship between art and life.
At the beginning of December, Mr. Bakke owned about 32 million shares, or about 5.8 percent of outstanding AES common stock.
6 5 *SCARLET FEATHER, by Maeve Binchy.
Leaders of the Institutional Revolutionary Party, Mexico's former rulers, and the leftist Party of the Democratic Revolution have charged, without hard evidence, that Mr. Fox's campaign illegally received donations from abroad.
Viewers can tell the difference at the start; both carry warning labels, but the more discreet variation says it has been ''specially edited.''
The agency will soon ''take additional steps to combat offshore accounts used for tax avoidance or evasion,'' he said.
So was another sexual crime, this one perpetrated against men.
And Lewis knows plenty about that.
''It was his life, although it affected us terribly,'' he said.
While it's all very well for a reviewer to play Gotcha!, one shouldn't forget that everyday life in the past was far richer than might be suggested by strict-constructionist readings of historical timelines.
It's written in a very difficult to decipher hand, even more imprecise than Chopin's normal sketching hand, which can be maddeningly imprecise.
Most people know how to treat a snakebite: Apply a tourniquet above the site, cut the skin, suck out the poison, spit it out and remember to be more careful in the future.
Sponsored by Seafarers and International House.
Two knives were recovered at the scene.
And Mr. Weinstein said, ''This is not about taking away from Hollywood; this is about Hollywood helping New York.''
More than people are slipping across the border undetected.
Real estate brokers say that much of the new commercial activity in Queens is being fueled by local investors, as well as by certain retailers like Rite Aid and CVS, the drugstore chains, which have increasingly begun to move into less established retail areas.
Mr. Cayne, who owns Bear Stearns stock worth about $300 million, scoffed when asked if The Sun would pay him.
On April 10, 1663, Samuel Pepys wrote in his diary of visiting the Royal Oak Tavern in London.
It is the latest in a series of concentrated exhibitions that, in Mr. Chong's phrase, ''build out'' from Mrs. Gardner's superb collection.
The strategy of affirmative action, finally, did not take seriously the educational dilemma of disadvantaged students.
On the salary issue, Mr. Sandstrom said it allowed some candidates to make more money than others.
General Franks said in a recent interview that the United States had not yet made formal requests for assistance.
Yes, and its virtue is that its heroine is a quintessential city dweller.
''It's a package that's hard to resist.''
The county executive, Robert J. Gaffney, was expected to sign the measure.
New Jersey got an Ikarus bus headed for shore points.
But so do some general travel companies, like Trafalgar Tours, (800) 648-1638 fora brochure, or www.trafalgar.com; Mayflower Tours, (800) 323-7604or www.mayflowertours.com; andCosmos, (800) 276-1241 or www.cosmosvacations.com.
Now there are accusations of a similar pattern with a second priest, the Rev.
And Stockton, in his 19th season, led Williams into a pick set by Karl Malone, crumpling Williams to the floor.
Wall Street's estimate was lower than Oracle's forecast from mid-March, when Mr. Henley said fourth-quarter earnings should be 13 cents or 14 cents a share.
''Overhype of the Internet is a wound that hasn't been fully recovered from,'' said David Hallerman, senior analyst at eMarketer, ''but with the ad industry strengthening along with the economy, there will be relief'' for the interactive media.
Well, we can start by continuing to post performances like we are today, meet our targets.
Mr. Gill has been with Miramax for eight years and, since 1997, has been president of Miramax's Los Angeles office.
''It's a very light racket and the strings seem to grip the ball,'' he said.
During their weekly lunches since 1996, he said Mr. Arledge routinely discussed ''the possibilities that remained for all of us.''
D. George Spagnolia of St. Patrick Parish, said his suspension before the church investigated the charge denied him due process.
92 (''Oxford'') and Mozart's Sinfonia Concertante (K. 364), a quasi-concerto for violin and viola.
Diplomats said the meeting would continue Friday morning.
''That is always the response,'' she said, noting that the council once considered option accounting a hopeless task but had since reversed its position.
Raymond Heard, a consultant who has worked with the Aspers for 30 years, defended the family's assertive stance.
''They're asking for something very specific because they are concerned about making it to the next month,'' he said.
Meanwhile, Mr. Walsh continues to hunt, as well as hope.
While Mr. Redstone controls Viacom through his 68 percent stake of supervoting shares, he has left the day-to-day running of the company in the hands of Mr. Karmazin.
They are dying not because there is no way of resolving the crisis, but, on the contrary, they are dying precisely because a way exists and is known very well by all.
But the Science Academy has concluded that researchers at the National Zoo, the National Museum of Natural History and a materials research center make unique contributions that warrant continued funding without competition.
ROBERT NAGEL History and Sci-Fi Buff His wife used to tease Robert Nagel that he never watched a television channel below the number 13.
Vivendi will use the $3 billion raised to reduce debt amassed through several acquisitions as its chairman, Jean-Marie Messier, continues to reshape the 148-year-old water utility into a media company.
The jury's verdict came in separate parts over two days.
It has been worn and washed by hand innumerable times and requires no ironing.
Some senior state department officials, for example, didn't find out that Mr. Bush would refer to the three nations as an axis of evil until the rest of America did -- when he uttered the words to a joint session of Congress and before millions watching on television.
The fact sheet also said the administration would direct ''up to $300 million'' for programs aimed at ''encouraging healthy, stable marriages.''
''One of the virtues of the grand jury system is that it allows for closure,'' Mr. Torricelli's lawyer, Theodore Wells, wrote in a brief filed yesterday.
US Airways has said that it is talking to all its competitors except Delta about a code-sharing alliance.
An organization that provides emerging ballet choreographers with opportunities to create new works presents premieres by Ian Carney, Colleen Cavanaugh, Penelope Freeh, Salim Gauwloos (also known as Slam), Ryan Kelley, Stephen Mills, Gina Patterson and Gabriela Poler.
Dolly the sheep is a grandmother, entering old age.
Since then, the workers have had no contract.
But just two weeks after Álvaro Uribe was inaugurated president, army patrols have returned and a police station is being planned to replace one destroyed by rebel guerrillas.
Linda-Denise Fisher-Harrell reprises her original role of 1992 in a love duet with Clifton Brown.
The three separate library systems are a historic legacy of New York's origins and have had to cut back their schedules during past fiscal crises, most recently in the early 1990's.
''Anything that could be done to improve the safety of that intersection would be helpful,'' Mr. Hannah said.
Mr. Rumsfeld has the Special Forces Command in charge of hunting Qaeda terrorists in much of the Middle East, while Gen. Tommy Franks, the nominal commander, continues mopping up in Afghanistan and preparing for Iraq.
's concern was not that the drug did not work but that the company had failed to adequately document how it concluded that patients had not responded to irinotecan alone but had responded to its drug plus irinotecan.
''I get the bright idea that since I needed a checking account I would use the Chamber of Commerce checking account,'' she said.
With 59 points, they are tied with the idle Rangers and the Canadiens, who lost to the Maple Leafs today, for seventh place in the Eastern Conference.
Mr. Chertoff also stated that, in this case, the document destruction was not committed because of some benign motive.
Meanwhile, Judge Seewald ruled that Mr. Espada could remain on the ballot, blocking a renewed effort by the Bronx Democratic Party to have the senator purged from its rolls.
He retired from AEP as Vice Chairperson and Vice President and/or Director of twenty of its subsiding companies to return to Washington where he was of counsel at Morgan Lewis and Bockius and Newman Holtzinger up until a year or two before his death.
Some administration officials who favor military moves against Iraq fear that negotiations with the Iraqi leader over a new weapons-inspection program -- and the time required to get any such program up and running and into Iraq -- could delay or even derail an American-led offensive to oust Mr. Hussein.
Using the initials of the Pebble Bed Modular Reactor, he added: ''I don't think that it's correct to connect dots between contributions the company made and the fact something on P.B.M.R.
The move will take place sometime next year, according to Charles M. Needle, a Bridgeport lawyer whose firm represented the residents association.
''It's not a hard decision,'' Cox said.
Instead, Allenby brought the field back to him by making a double bogey at the par-4 No.
The bothersome thing about this for Mr. Wechsler is not, one gathers, the tenants who buttonhole him in the elevator, evenly divided for and against the ruling, but the subtext: that he must be an intolerant zealot.
Oprah Winfrey was chosen by 15 percent, as were Ben Cohen and Jerry Greenfield, the founders of Ben & Jerry's Ice Cream.
Lately, he has been protesting the source of his family's fortune: the dairy industry.
By turns prophetic and affirmative, ''Yellowman'' is, as well, a battle cry for humanity and its possibilities.
Red, black, pink or white, currants come from shrubs with delicate stems called strigs that support berries from mid-June to mid-July.
The move has been expected for some time.
On June 30, Tyco's debt was 49 percent.
Since 1998, the demand for electricity during the summer has risen by nearly 22 percent, said Michael Lowndes, a power authority spokesman.
The man was turned away and not heard from again, Captain Coccia said.
While the 1992 dispute over Dr. Forbes was racially tinged, his three chief critics this time stress that race is not an issue.
The idea is to take advantage of the workers in the area at lunch while offering something quick to the transient population in the evening.
Thomas Wagner, an art writer for the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung and one of Enwezor's toughest critics, has mocked the platforms as a wasteful series of didactic seminars in cultural studies -- the ''International Enwezor Tours,'' he sneers.
''My parents and their contemporaries were very brave, and for them it was just a matter of principle.
But by night, with every odd and startling sound, the iconic images resurface.
The driver shrugged and pulled over to ask directions from a police officer, who didn't know where the museum was, either.
''When we import computers for work, it takes an enormous amount of money,'' said Stephen Chase, president of Intel's Russian branch.
''That scene, for the most part, wasn't really hip-hop at all,'' he said last week.
Pamela, as Mr. Kennedy tells the reader with such splendid verbal extravagance, ''was Veronica manquée, savvy and single-minded, the vulvaceous creature of devilish body and venturesome sin.''
Richard A. Hofflich, a Manhattan lawyer who is an administrator of King Hassan's estate, confirmed that negotiations are under way for the sale of Natirar, named for the Raritan River's north branch, which flows through the property.
The Council members recently agreed to modify those sanctions, in a step that the United States hoped would increase pressure on Mr. Hussein to live up to his obligations by making it harder for him to claim that ordinary Iraqis are being unduly punished by the sanctions.
Reduced to basics, there is no difference between it and the mindless graffiti spray-painted on walls and security gates all over town.
Sherron S. Watkins, the Enron vice president who raised questions about the transactions at the time Mr. Skilling resigned last August, is also scheduled to appear before the committee, and perhaps even to sit alongside Mr. Skilling.
A Staten Island woman who was accused of killing her husband, a prosperous Russian businessman, and then taking her children to Walt Disney World before reporting him missing was convicted yesterday of second-degree murder and evidence-tampering.
One 76-year-old grandmother, María Sánchez, boasted about standing at the front lines of the clashes last week, showing scabs left on both arms by rubber bullets.
Smith said Fleury would not be fined.
Turn the heat down to medium-low.
Mr. Cirrincione, who began managing soap opera actors, found Ms. Berry by chance when he learned of a part for a beautiful black actress and didn't know one.
The car in question was the latest BMW 745i, a technological tour de force with perhaps a little more force than necessary.
''I've never seen a gorilla self-express her milk before!''
Profits Up 9.7% in Quarter General Electric said its fourth-quarter earnings rose 9.7 percent, to $3.93 billion.
''Jerry was my childhood sweetheart,'' Ms. Kron said.
By any standard measure -- its punitive value, its deterrence effect or the extent to which it will bring about structural change on Wall Street -- the settlement is rather modest.
When a project fails -- as happened after American Classic's bankruptcy filing -- the government steps in to pay off the debtholders.
The judge held that the request should have been heard by the court that is hearing a lawsuit brought against the township over last year's hunt, the State Court of Appeals.
Although Valentine's Day inspired this list of romantic restaurants, you may want to wait for a less crowded but romantic evening.
Under the circumstances, the Bloomberg plan -- with its pledge to protect classroom instruction and the city's basic services -- appears to be as good as it is going to get.
In Word 2002, Microsoft introduced a feature that offers a limited glimpse of formatting commands to help users who can't figure out why a typeface or other feature looks odd.
SPORTS, PAGE 1 Technology Woes New equipment adds new twists, and the Alpine skiers in these Winter Olympics have a choice: stay up with the latest advances or be left at the gate.
Is the landscape depicted Chinese in origin or inspired by some other source?
Waiver must be signed; children younger than 18 must have parents' signature.
West Hartford officials have filed a class-action lawsuit against two law firms that advised the state's trash authority on its failed $220 million deal with the Enron Corporation.
''Take time to care,'' says the sign on the road into this small town in southeastern Indiana.
Not only were most of the big Wall Street firms bullish on Enron over the past few years as its stock went up, but they also kept the faith as cracks started to appear in Enron's foundations last summer and fall.
Some of us are entertained by men who are able to do this as well.
Not a man of the ghazis who turned back escaped; they were shot and bayoneted on the rocks.''
The policy of Israel's current government, under Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, has been to refrain from building new settlements while allowing current settlements to grow naturally, although critics have said that the concept of ''natural growth'' has been interpreted liberally.
Then she asked him what the actual risks were.
He said his hospital pays the Red Cross $170 for a unit of red blood cells, up from $72 two years ago.
White House officials said Mr. Bush would not object to the basic 3.1 percent increase under the formula.
He and some other parents are calling for the principal's removal.
Josephine R. Abady, a theater director who staged plays on and off Broadway and was a leader in the nonprofit theater movement, died on Saturday in her home in Manhattan.
We have come to think of ''cornfed'' as some kind of old-fashioned virtue; we shouldn't.
Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays at 8 p.m.; Wednesdays and Saturdays at 2 and 8 p.m.; Sundays at 3 p.m. Tickets: $40 to $75 (Brantley).
Vivendi -- which owns 44 percent of Cegetel and would like to retain control -- has until Dec. 10 to make a counteroffer.
In a grim mathematical equation, the report calculated the number of years those victims would otherwise have worked before retiring at age 65, and their average salary, to conclude that their deaths caused $8.7 billion in lost earnings.
''I only cried about four times in my 30-year lifetime.
''To create these variations, you need dynamical activity,'' he said.
V. S. Gohil, the police inspector in charge of Naroda Patia, confirmed today that residents had expressed skepticism.
He says guileless descendants like Mr. Pickett are increasingly at risk as the market booms and charlatans arise, bedeviling the majority of honest dealers in the process.
The melodrama, directed by Mark Romanek, visually compares the sterile mall culture in which he works to his emotional void.
In December 1999, after the government issued a warning of possible terrorist strikes around the worldwide millennium celebration, an alert customs agent in Washington State noticed that a man named Ahmed Ressam was sweating profusely as he tried to enter the United States from Canada.
Now is the time to end this chapter of the case and focus on enforcement.''
''It's wonderful to be part of a real community that just a few years ago people had given up on,'' she said.
''The fact that $25 million hasn't kicked up anything yet leads me to think he's somewhere else -- maybe someplace like the really remote outlaw territory of Yemen or Somalia.''
Enron and a customer might, for instance, agree to swap telecommunications services, use shell corporations or take advantage of accounting loopholes to improve each other's balance sheet or income statement, former Enron officials said.
As a result, some experts question not only the seal's value, but also whether a medical group should be making money from endorsing medical products.
In the last two decades, in 24 nations, new regimes have tried to hold old ones accountable for political crimes with so-called truth commissions.
And on Sunday the festival's closing gala starts with jazz in the afternoon with the Bill Charlap Trio and finishes after a break for cocktails with a recital by Ju-Ying Song.
(letters, Dec. 30): The privatization, or even partial privatization, of Social Security would benefit only a very small percentage of the elderly -- the Wall Street savvy who, through their brokers, would add to their portfolios.
A Congressional committee is continuing to investigate F.B.I.
''For the most part, this stuff was hiding in plain sight,'' Mr. Chanos said.
''I think Bergen County has lost some leverage,'' said James W. Hughes, dean of the Edward J. Bloustein School for Planning and Public Policy at Rutgers University.
President Bush signed a bill nearly quadrupling federal spending by 2007 for research on computer security.
Rick Perry, a Republican, in his bid for a full term in office.
Even though discussions with prosecutors are good news for Andersen, an agreement on that front would only free the firm to focus on numerous other challenges.
The physician responsible for picking A.N.T.
I would also prohibit what has been a growing trend in the 1990's, that of outsourcing the internal audit function at a company to the external auditor.
His rivals did not even come close -- not the runner-up, Proud Citizen, nor the third-place finisher, Perfect Drift.
LEON MITRANI New York, Jan. 23, 2002
Indeed, far from extolling any particular route to understanding, my book explores the conspicuous variation in what has counted, and what continues to count, as an explanation of biological development, and roots that variability in the differences in epistemological culture that contribute to the growth of scientific knowledge.
Working groups of Iraqi opposition leaders and experts would also be established to focus on issues like restoring the oil industry, the military, public health and education.
Americans in many parts of the world -- in India, in Pakistan, in the Middle East -- are at particular risk these days, of course, a fact driven home by the State Department's most recent ''Worldwide Caution.''
''I just sit here in the morning and absorb it,'' she said.
*George Allen, one of the game's best innovators, who coached the Los Angeles Rams from 1966 to 1970 and the Washington Redskins from 1971 to 1977, and never had a losing season in 12 years as an N.F.L.
They have time for you.
Hospitals in Orange County, Fla., are offering $7,500 toward a down payment for a new home.
They were allowed to pass one Israeli roadblock, but then a soldier who was not aware they had been cleared opened fire.
The goal is to show that the art was not tied to Old Kingdom precedents but subject to stylistic development, formal innovation and changes in emotional tenor.
''People have attempted to distribute things that portray a specific opinion, point of view or dogma, and those types of things have been denied.
Their families immediately noticed a change.
''In a great big living room,'' she said, ''you might have a niche for a grand piano, a substantial secretary to write on, places for sofas and comfortable chairs.''
But one team official said yesterday that he was merely following through on Wilpon's mandate to examine every player on the team and that the team was no longer pursuing that avenue.
But one devoted to teaching, exhibiting and producing the newest of the new in media art does not exist in the United States.
Known as the Brooklyn Mental Health Court, it is meant to keep such offenders from passing through the system repeatedly or from committing a more violent offense.
He is also a sculptor whose work was included this year in a group show at the Fulcrum Gallery in Manhattan.
In all we lost around $60,000 in income.
In February, New Jersey's commissioner of education, William L. Librera, acting on a promise made to voters by the state's new governor, James E. McGreevey, announced the elimination of several mandated tests in Grades 4, 8 and 11.
No company in America has as much at stake in the toppling of Venezuela's mercurial president and the renewed flow of oil from Venezuelan fields as Citgo Petroleum, one of the biggest gasoline marketers in the United States -- and a wholly owned unit of the Venezuelan state oil company.
Tuesdays through Fridays at 8 p.m.; Saturdays at 2 and 8 p.m.; Sundays at 3 p.m. Tickets: $32 to $40 (Brantley).
Meanwhile, in the Shipyards, Ms. Dell'Amore and Mr. Raber have been patrolling the parking lots and filing reports with the city's code enforcement division -- at the city's request, they say -- every time they suspect that a unit has been rented to a short-term guest.
Illinois center Luke Butkus is the nephew of Dick Butkus, the Hall of Fame linebacker.
When I finally found it, however, I discovered that the station had been named for Woodrow Wilson.
One Saks customer, Deanna Jackman, an interior design consultant in Beverly Hills, Calif., said she recently got a cooperative salesman to put aside a pair of Chanel evening shoes for a month until the price came down from $775 to $400.
Pour mixture back into measuring cup or bowl with remaining syrup.
Dancers -- especially ballerinas of the old Russian school, especially when cast as Giselle or Odette, the Swan Queen -- love to take their time, hanging on to their arabesques until the music simply expires.
The quartet closed the first half with 8 of the 13 aphoristic movements of ''The Dead Man,'' a suite by John Zorn.
Working with Pink ''is all about good synergy,'' Mr. Waxman explained.
''This is not only an American problem.'']
''I knew there was a distinct possibility I might get creamed,'' Yeager said.
Several analysts of South Korean affairs said Mr. Roh's paucity of diplomatic experience did not mean that he was coming to office without ideas or convictions.
A Hewlett-Packard lawyer, Boris Feldman, later told the court: ''So this is what the bribery charge comes down to now: a comment made at the end of a conference call.''
Some smokers here feel little of the inhibition of their American counterparts, who were long ago exiled to the sidewalks in front of their office buildings.
It even offers tables and crayons for the next generation of literary dreamers.
Many are recruiting laypeople to serve on diocesan boards that review abuse cases, conducting background checks on church employees and setting up abuse awareness programs for parents and staff.
Survived by his sister, Sylvia Levinsohn Friedman of Pittsburgh, PA. Graveside service at The Riverside Cemetery, Saddlebrook, NJ, Thursday, 1:15 PM.
Both Winston Churchill and the queen's private secretary, Sir Alan Lascelles, advised against allowing the marriage.
The investigation is just the latest in a series of federal inquiries into Tenet, one of the largest chains of commercial hospitals.
In addition to investment losses, the fund paid $560 million in benefits.
The Cardinal (22-1) moved past Tennessee, which had been ranked second all season, after the Lady Vols lost to Vanderbilt in Nashville on Saturday.
7 p.m. ''Making a Joyful Noise!''
''Turtle people are a little more patient than the average people," said Barbara Reader, a lawyer who has owned a river cooter named Timmy for 42-and-a-half of her 47 years.
1 NASA Hunts for Spare Parts The space agency has begun trolling the Internet to find replacement parts for electronic gear designed decades ago.
agent is looking into the kidnapping of two teenage boys when his sister ends up in a suspicious car crash.
While men and adolescent boys with cancer who wish to preserve their fertility can easily bank sperm for future insemination before starting treatment, only about a quarter of childless men do so, the survey indicated.
An exhibition of contemporary basketry by 30 artists will be at the center through Aug. 4.
''We wanted to come out and make a point,'' Williams said.
The suit also names Arthur Andersen, the accounting firm.
Born in Chicago, Mr. Jacobsen graduated from Lake Forest University and received an M.B.A. from the University of Chicago.
The third volume in a fantasy series.
They place him in exalted company (Frank Sinatra, for one).
''It's an extraordinary thing,'' said Prof. Alberto Monticone, a Vatican historian associated with the University of Rome at Sapienza.
The Class of 1936 was represented by photos of just two graduates: Gen. William C. Westmoreland, the commander of American forces in Vietnam and a former superintendent at West Point, and General Davis.
''I feed the birds popcorn, but it's not the same; they seem to looking for him.''
But, they say, they are offering a different approach that envisions a larger role for private insurers.
Ms. Klein's philosophy of cooking, Mr. Raichlen did add, ''runs counter to the history of human development, the hearth and all that.''
Soon he believed he was on the cover of Life magazine disguised as the pope.
''In fact, there's no way you can prove that something's going to happen three years from now or six years from now.
Until recently, Mr. Janiszewski -- whose flight from North Jersey amused and baffled many -- was working the counter at a ski shop in the Catskills.
Peter Forsberg left in the second period with a groin injury.
In separate announcements that came after five months of often turbulent negotiations, Mr. Bloomberg, a Republican, and Sheldon Silver, the Democratic speaker of the State Assembly, said yesterday that they had reached an understanding to expand the Board of Education from 7 to 13 members and let the mayor appoint an 8-member majority.
Someone more staid might have worked better.
Shares of Wendy's fell $1.38, to $28.11.
In lieu of flowers contributions should be made to UJA.
Display cases contain souvenir lamps, buttons, scarves, postcards and other items that were sold aboard the ships.
There are never more than 12 in a class.
Japanese monkeys are becoming bigger and more aggressive because of their Western diets, complains Teruo Kanaya, a 60-year-old Nikko hotelier.
SITTING in a cozy Kensington apartment that is home while she films a new James Bond movie, Halle Berry is so poised and stunning, it's hard to imagine that she ever suffered so much as a scratch in her life.
On the Western Front Verdun was a salient: a bump in the French lines.
Most prominent is Hanvit Bank, which changed its name to Woori Bank on Monday to reflect its status as the flagship of Woori Finance Holdings, created by the government to run a number of struggling institutions it took over, including three smaller banks.
Each juror demonstrated a sincere effort to do justice.
On view is the work of 20 artists and their unusual etchings, monotypes, silk-screens and lithographs.
His wife and children still live in the northern West Bank village where M. grew up and lived until a dozen years ago, when parties unknown discovered that he was collaborating with Israel.
GameStop lowered its projected earnings for the quarter by at least 10 cents a share, to 48 cents to 52 cents a share from more than 62 cents a share.
One more faint hope for the survival of the ivory-billed woodpecker has faded.
For its final trick, the iPod is also a pocket hard drive, ready for big files that need transportation.
Dear brother-in-law of Neil and Elaine Lukow and family.
The first Harlem Moon book to be in the stores will be the paperback reprint of Bertice Berry's ''Haunting of Hip Hop,'' a novel published in hardcover last year by Doubleday.
He added: ''We're concerned people will misunderstand the use of KI and believe they are getting a level of protection that is not there. ''
The point applies to far more than the World Trade Center.
The trade group said it opposed the regulations because they were overly broad.
Could these commissions work in other parts of the law?
If Washington can also give assurances that it is prepared to stay the course to keep a new government in Iraq stable, then, Mr. Patten said, the rest of the world cannot easily turn away from its responsibilities for world order and the possibility of a war in Iraq.
This nightspot combines a restaurant serving Hmong food with a bar and live music.
Which is why last spring's announcement that the museum was planning to restore the work caused such an international uproar.
Last summer I gave a Mexican heather plant to friends who are gardeners.
That triggered everybody getting on the phone.
For a few unreal moments, after the north tower had plummeted to the ground, a giant spearlike fragment of the facade remained standing, as if defiantly, still looming above the lesser skyscrapers around it.
Her solo campaigning makes her seat in the minority seem all the more lonely.
One is that of Isabel Amberson Minafer (Madeleine Stowe in the new version), once the prettiest and richest girl in town and now an elegant matron, and Eugene Morgan (Bruce Greenwood), a long-ago suitor who returns to his hometown widowed and seriously rich.
In the regular season, Théodore showed everybody a league-best save percentage of 93.1.
Afterward, the official said, Mr. Smith considered suicide, turning on a kitchen stove and going to a drugstore to buy something to harm himself.
Twice he took showers with his victims, in an apparent effort to remake the attack in his own mind into some kind of a date, they said.
But street prices have come down considerably, and new cars are now being offered at sticker price.
Nine months after the abuse scandal exploded here and ricocheted around the country, many Catholics in Boston are still frustrated by the response of the church hierarchy.
''However, considerable uncertainty persists about the extent and timing of the expected pickup in production and employment owing in part to the emergence of heightened geopolitical risks.''
He sees a champion whose serve once darted with a comet's tail and is now losing torque because Sampras is not rotating enough.
Yet even as they crave ersatz danger on carnival rides, they are ill equipped to cope when real danger -- a fire and gun blast -- explodes around them.
So the whole program, compared to the other three American skaters, she was slower in using her music.
''At least whenever Ahmeti promises something, he delivers.''
Sponsored by the Turtle Bay Association.
Only multiple murders; the slayings of police officers, firefighters and witnesses in criminal proceedings; and homicides committed in prison or through torture would remain.
That was one of the worst performances in a recent test conducted by the Transportation Security Administration.
We blame Freud for a lot of things, but we can't blame that cigar-smoking Victorian for this particular cultural obsession.
Yet for more than 150 years, Hungary has had a highly productive art ceramics factory, the Zsolnay Manufactory of Pecs.
The episode appeared to be the culmination of a bitter and often violent feud between the gunman, Jarrett Jordan, 23, and his former girlfriend and her family, police said.
But league officials have also taken steps to admonish him about his behavior.
Shaul Goldstein, the mayor for a group of settlements, stood on the bluff here tonight, gazing down into the plunging gorge that led to the Dead Sea and musing about why he preferred the word ''community'' to the word ''settlement.''
It was used to bombard a a bit of Lyme surface protein with X-rays.
We talked to newcomers who had much better locations the first year they subscribed.
California is home to hundreds of distinguished poets, including the former poet laureate of the United States Robert Haas, Philip Levine, Adrienne Rich, Wanda Coleman, Alice Walker and Gary Soto.
The three private beach clubs that were purchased to make Nassau Beach each had a clubhouse.
Several months later, Mr. Smith drove to Farmington with his fiancée, Michelle Rasmussen, who also worked at Southbury.
Although Mr. Hatoyama failed to form a coalition with the influential Liberal Party, in a political culture where parties grow, split and couple like amoebas, some political experts forecast the emergence of a new opposition party, one favoring free market solutions over statist ones.
Then they are asked to take it in their hands, and they describe their response to the ergonomics.
High fete season begins officially today, Twelfth Night, with a batch of galas leading to parades, then moving on to a blast of processions, eating, drinking, carousing, masking and frolicking, culminating on Fat Tuesday, Feb. 12.
Only a few said being so close to the electric chair made them ''scared straight.''
Here in the casbah the devastation was far greater.
Last month, a worker at a Texas laboratory conducting tests on specimens from last fall's anthrax attacks developed the skin form of anthrax, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said.
It's not like when those guys come in it gets any better.
Rent regulation is mandated, by statute, in New York City and three suburban counties -- Nassau, Westchester and Rockland -- when vacancy rates drop below 5 percent.
Tyco has said that its balance sheet is strong and that its businesses are generating cash.
Fearful of the Israelis for all his bravado, the man would give only his nom de guerre, Abu Rammah.
Georgia officials, meanwhile, have granted Tyson's application to fight there.
''I don't have anybody looking down the back of my neck to see what size shirt I wear,'' said Danny Rose, who is 59 and has been fishing for oysters since 1957.
Brother-in-law of Kathleen Zur and Mary Ellen Clark.
If investors had focused on the weakness of the board under its chairman, they might have been more critical of management instability and its poor financial results earlier, Ms. Minow believes.
He is survived by his wife, Janice T. Cruikshank of Boynton Beach, FL; daughter, Bonnie J.
Then ask if the salmon is wild, and if so, is it from Alaska or Washington?
Donna Morrissey, a spokeswoman for Cardinal Law, said, ''The cardinal said he had helped in preparing the communiqué, and so, due to the late hour, it was not necessary for him to participate in any press conference.''
White House officials said the information was likely to be handed over before the deadline.
Ceal Floyer explores a similar perceptual subtlety with a slide-projection of a wall-mounted light switch: viewers touch it with Pavlovian regularity to make sure it's not real.
The performance of Red Raiders quarterback Kliff Kingsbury, on the other hand, more than likely derailed his Heisman campaign before it ever got started.
She charged that an F.B.I.
''Your Majesty, Mummy,'' Prince Charles addressed the queen at one point, and his words seemed to sum up the crowd's warmth this evening, at the emotional high point of a four-day national holiday that is to end with parades and pageantry on Tuesday.
There are about 245 groups calling themselves Indians around the country, some with state recognition and most of them angling for casino deals.
Army officials insisted that the shots had come from hunters or were fired in celebration.
A black-lacquered chaise with white Ultrasuede upholstery that cost $3,200 is $900.
I phoned him to give him the heads-up that my memo had been discovered and was in the press, and that it mentioned that executives had warned Mr. Skilling.
The agency's ballistics specialists have determined that the sniper most likely used a high-power hunting or military rifle in killing six people and critically wounding two others in six days with single shots from as far as 100 yards or more.
Vigorous and animated, these drawings, gouaches and oils concentrate mostly on simple figures and faces with a few still lifes and landscapes.
''Obviously, we're very sorry he has taken his life, and it adds to the depth of this tragedy.''
Carla, who is partially deaf, is a person who exists to be taken advantage of and ignored.
She survives him along with his mother, Tony, who left Mr. Colvin in the late 1960's.
Dr. Ballard has already installed a similar system in the Monterey Bay National Marine Sanctuary in California that aquarium visitors have been using for several months to view its kelp forest and sea lions.
Bearden's development as an artist was shaped by his admiration for the social realists Diego Rivera and Ben Shahn, as well as for Bruegel the Elder.
Each person's DNA, or genetic code, consists of a string of three billion ''base pairs,'' or large molecules, represented by the letters ''A,'' ''G,'' ''C,'' and ''T.''
Anderson then got the biggest hit of the game, a three-run double off a fastball from Hernández that put the Angels on top, 4-1.
Well, the BMW may still be part of the vision, but the path to it has swerved sharply.
IN one way or another, Oufoula Sindede, the anguished 55-year-old narrator of Elizabeth Nunez's novel ''Discretion,'' has spent his life caught between two worlds, two states of being, two types of love.
The pools are open daily 8 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. from the first weekend of September through May; closed June through August.
For the better part of the game, they coasted.
Wherefore, for the reasons stated, the People consent to the relief requested and recommend that the Court vacate the defendants' convictions in their entirety.
''The word has gone out in this church that clergy sexual abuse is not to be tolerated,'' a 1998 church study stated.
That is helping to make the contest, in the city's highest-income Assembly district (though it does have residents of modest income as well), a high spending one, too.
But three months later, there is a tendency to get immersed in our own little worlds.
I had invited Mr. Conway into Frederick Law Olmsted's fake wilderness, the park he designed and built in Manhattan in the late 1850's, when Fifth Avenue was a dirt road.
Russ Berrie will be remembered for his extraordinary generosity and commitment to the JCC on the Palisades.
test or a pregnancy test first.
EVENTS EIGHTH PRESERVATION CONFERENCE, New School for Social Research, Tishman Auditorium, 66 West 12th Street, Greenwich Village.
Bright's 1999 ''Freeway II: Confessions of a Trickbaby'' did the same for ''Hansel and Gretel,'' turning the pair of lovable tykes into a lesbian serial killer (Maria Celedonio) and her hooker sidekick (Natasha Lyonne).
Election Day in this gold-rush town in the Rocky Mountains seemed like a journey to another era.
His earlier claim that Mr. Pearl was still alive was seen as a ruse to give accomplices time to disappear.
The waterfalls can be searched by name, height, waterflow or location.
''We have accidents and drunk driving and shoplifting and a drug problem like everyone else,'' he added, ''but the senseless killing of five innocent people, that's kind of hard to explain.''
Grandaunt of Jenifer and Matthew.
Why is such a spectacular tree so hard to find?
He needs to be here, to learn.''
MARY STEELE New York, Sept. 18, 2002
American forces in Afghanistan were holding a total of 371 prisoners today, including 351 at Kandahar and 19 at Bagram air base north of Kabul.
An umbrella group representing several Palestinian factions claimed responsibility in a call to The Associated Press.
Aunt of Rayna Tulysewski of Boston and Gloucester, MA, and Luke Anthony Tulysewski of Australia.
Southampton, N.Y., May 24, 2002
Besides the policy challenges, the Siegelman administration faces accusations of cronyism and other misdeeds in the awarding of state contracts.
JASON GIAMBI'S homer off DARREN OLIVER raised his career average to .629 (22 for 35) against Oliver, the highest of any active player off any active pitcher (minimum 25 at-bats).
But for evening, she said, she may well consider one of the season's new tie-me-up looks.
''He was an outspoken conservative, while I was a staunch liberal,'' Ms. Harris said.
That is one reason New York officials put the city on high alert and publicized details of the threat, something the Federal Bureau of Investigation never intended to do.
Over his desk hung a picture of Mark Twain -- who wrote parts of Huckleberry Finn in Elmira, by the way -- with his quote, ''I never let my schooling interfere with my education.''
He approached a military checkpoint near the village of Baqa al Sharqiya, on the border with Israel, and his bomb exploded as soldiers approached to search him.
We've got the opportunity of a lifetime.
career, Iginla had scored two goals in a game.
There are valid questions about baseball's books and its fiscal health in light of the game's increasing revenues.
The Indonesian government convened the human rights court under pressure from Western powers.
''Now they've lessened a little bit, but they're going to come back.
''The Psych Ops guys wanted to take me on a village assessment.''
Instead, the administration has employed this third category -- enemy combatant -- and says that it carries none of those protections.
''I told them I wanted to avoid layoffs,'' he said.
The source warned ''there was talk within the Saudi royal family and in Arab capitals of using the 'oil weapon' against the United States, and demanding that the United States leave strategic military bases in the region.''
on Power 105.1 FM said: ''This has got to end.
Mr. Weill has called that e-mail message nonsense.
There are certainly not that many politicians who would share a story about how he was tricked by Arafat, when -- again by Sharpton's account -- Arafat muscled Sharpton into an embrace and a handshake that found its way onto the front page of The New York Post.
Mr. Curran hopes that the healing that has been so important in his life can be transferred to others as they watch his art.
The consolidation of 22 agencies and nearly 170,000 federal employees into a new domestic security department is the most ambitious piece of government re-engineering since the creation of the Defense Department more than 50 years ago.
The plan partly relies on tax and fee increases and spending cutbacks to close a $5 billion budget gap.
''This is a group of students who are fed up with how we are being portrayed.
''My father's generation remembers being able to see the water from the upstairs bedroom windows,'' she said.
She added, ''We would very much like to have your support here.''
In a traditional production, she sees a vision of the Madonna and a luminous young child welcoming her.
The advantages he cited had less to do with revolutionary transformations of the media than old-fashioned vertical integration.
At least one, Ms. Kamin, took the subway to yesterday's meeting.
Still, the pace of leasing is far from what it was in the boom times before the current economic slowdown, said C.& W.'s Dennis McDonnell.
''We have quite reliable systems of protection in case of emergency,'' Gen. Nikolai N. Urakov said by telephone.
So how should we manage scientific research in a democratic society?
Leaving the relationship with individual customers to Internet service providers ''is smart from a business point of view,'' said Richard Miller, a wireless data industry consultant at Breo Ventures in Palo Alto, Calif. At the same time, he noted, the venture will not succeed unless big corporate customers demand the service from Internet service providers.
Bruno Sohn, born in Alsace, opened one of city's most vibrantly Provençal restaurants last year on a pedestrian street in Old Cannes that leads from the Port.
Beloved sister of Carol Johnson of Santa Monica, CA and Luke Evans of Los Angeles, CA.
When Mr. Nuss said he had never been invited into an Indian home, Mr. Sheikh immediately proffered a dinner invitation.
''We're going to try to work it out,'' Armstrong said.
Sales in the current quarter will be $270 million to $290 million with profit of 18 cents to 23 cents a share, excluding certain costs, Adobe said in a statement.
Athletes work diligently on their sleds - which can weigh no more than 50.6 pounds (singles) and 59.5 pounds (doubles) - in an attempt to shave another thousandth of a second off their time.
The first documentary in the competition here since 1956 is Michael Moore's ''Bowling at Columbine,'' which could be seen as a companion to his scorched-earth best-seller, ''Stupid White Men.''
''Our network is wide and it is deep,'' he said.
Giambi had not picked up a bat since the final game of the division series, which his Oakland Athletics lost to the Yankees.
I certainly haven't avoided his example there.''
The central nervous system may respond to things the mind is barely conscious of, once more setting the heart racing at the passing of a plane overhead, a distant siren or even a clear, crisp late summer day.
''People enjoy speculating on that,'' Shriver said.
In July, the company predicted that its 2002 earnings would rise at least 5 percent a share.
Lestat has also emerged as a vampire who's come out of the closet, as it were.
''Queen of the Damned'' is rated R (Under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult guardian).
''The better donors understand how the Disaster Relief Fund operates, the more trust they will have in the Red Cross,'' said Harold J. Decker, the interim chief executive of the organization.
''We want them to be closer to Europe and the U.S.A. -- in club style and music.
By definition, they failed to do that here.''
Cardinals reliever Steve Kline went on the disabled list yesterday, joining five St. Louis starters.
Rather, Denise is made a bit of a harpy because she rides him, though Ms. Elise is talented enough to blunt the coarseness of this conception.
Under their national contract with Fox Sports, the club owners would have to repay Fox $300 million for canceled games, with Fox having the option to ask an arbitrator to award it an additional $230 million for any long-term damage suffered.
But the work itself was seldom surprising, although it had its odd moments.
The St. Sabina coaches had to do something.
Reposing at Andrew Torregrossa & Sons, 345 Avenue U, Brooklyn.
Guy works, guy gets paid.
Today, Grasmere Grove, a cul-de-sac of tidy middle-class homes, offers a glimpse into this quiet social transformation.
BROOKE WHEELOCK Decatur, Ga., March 19, 2002
Their 800-square-foot, four-room house, with low ceilings and exposed beams, was built in 1828 (an old structure even for the Village) within the borders of the early 19th-century Samuel Jones farm.
Nobody needs to tell the people in this speck of a town, known for its homey steakhouse, that there are more political commercials on television this year than ever before.
The first deals with the preservation of monuments and artifacts, including the Great Sphinx of Giza, which like other ancient Egyptian structures is threatened by the attention paid to it (by archaeologists as well as tourists and New Age ''pyramidiots''), but which after at least 3,500 years of ''restorations'' calls into question the definition of authenticity anyway.
The future of the United's code-sharing flights could also be thrown into doubt by the bankruptcy.
In the summer, they are here all of the time.
Despite being slowed late last season by shoulder and knee injuries, Jones finished with 163 tackles and 3 interceptions.
And last Friday, Deputy Prime Minister Oleh Dubyna announced that 12 officials at a mine in Ukrainsk in the Donetsk region, where 35 people were killed in a fire earlier this month, had been dismissed for violating safety rules.
What needed to change inside of him?
People who chew garlic tablets to help their hearts while avoiding the smell may be helping nothing at all.
George Pataki and the Senate majority leader, Joseph Bruno, to go along.
''The bishops are still trying to circle the wagons, silence the victims and keep our voices from being heard,'' Father Hayes said.
Lieutenant Ward confirmed the arrest, but had no details.
American officials have said Mr. Zarqawi fled Afghanistan after the American-led military campaign there began late in 2001.
''Chechen people belong in Chechnya.
JA Apparel is for sale -- again, for what industry insiders place at a price of $50 million to $75 million.
''It has to be loose and drain well,'' said Francisca Coelho, the conservatory manager, who designed the show.
''Here,'' I said to my kid, ''have some candy.''
These are merely the leading indicators of a larger drift into complacency that is hardly limited to this one form of terrorism or a single city.
The sense is of a slight intake of breath in preparation for the long and eloquent sigh of the full piece's completion.
But when Shapiro, the Cleveland Indians' general manager, could not make a commitment to Charlie Manuel as manager beyond this season, Manuel made the decision for him.
* HIP Health Plans, New York, the health insurance company, to the Lord Group, New York, part of Spier New York, to handle advertising and marketing, which had most recently been at the Baltimore and New York offices of Elmore Keller Marks Communications.
Other notable 2002 boxed sets that have been previously discussed in these pages include collections by the Band, XTC and Charlie Christian.
The report, by the General Accounting Office, the independent research office of Congress, looked at salaries in the 10 industries that employed the most women from 1995 through 2000.
Kroger holds the Pampers in its warehouse and ships them at its leisure, in Kroger trucks.
Laura Linney was chosen best actress in a movie or mini-series for her role in Showtime's ''Wild Iris.''
But she has done further studies of urban, Hispanic and African-American children and found a higher prevalence of sleep problems.
Its score, a potpourri of period pop ditties (most from the 1960's) composed by a variety of French songwriters, is a jangling French music-hall pastiche.
The militaries from both sides are taking tentative steps to re-establish exchanges that were severed after a United States spy plane collided with a tailing Chinese jet off the coast of China in April 2001.
''Last week we had a 100 share of people watching TV in a nightclub,'' the comedian Beth Lapidus told a packed crowd at Moomba in West Hollywood, a halogen-and-red-velvet nightclub where Jeff Goldblum has a weekly jazz piano gig and Rosanna Arquette's brother Alexis is host of a karaoke night.
I'm guessing you're in the very low six figures, and you're not getting any younger.
player to reach 1,000 assists as Washington remained unbeaten in its last four games.
The Rangers insist that Sather has not settled on a leading candidate to become the 30th coach of the franchise, but Ken Hitchcock, the former coach of the Dallas Stars, left a strong impression on Sather during their six-hour interview Friday.
Alomar knows him only as Bob.
What really gets me excited is that I can arrive to places that I've never been before, not because of my ideas but because of the composition, how I arrange and create tension between things.
She is the daughter of Evelyn and Clifford M. Masheb of Paramus, N.J.
The attorney general said Mr. Santiago would have faced disciplinary charges if he had not resigned on Oct. 18.
But Dr. Jacobson said that many adverse reactions to food were never reported, and that the real rate of problems from Quorn was probably higher.
There is no central registry of people who receive this tissue, so it is not clear how many tissue transplant recipients are being harmed.
''They get in a hole, and we're saying: 'Fine, you're in a hole; we're going to let you in that hole.
Although Little League does not disclose its stock market investments, Keener said the portfolio was conservative.
Without the link, a passenger whose trip includes more than one airline is usually required to use a paper ticket.
or that could result in an increase of its planned restatement.
As the Union Carbide staff shrank, excess space was sublet to tenants including Honeywell International, Morgan Stanley, Praxair and Boehringer Ingelheim.
From Beijing, Mr. Kelly will travel on Saturday to Seoul and Tokyo, while Mr. Bolton will press the United States' case in Moscow, London and Paris early next week.
While hardly unique to African art, both elements are essential to its modernity, or postmodernity, and directly reflect the pulverizing pressure of history.
When Bernard Arnault, chairman of LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton, sold off the British segment of Phillips to its rival Bonhams in November, part of the deal was that the name Phillips could not be used in Britain, so that Bonhams could build up its brand.
Mr. Stephens said that while he had not spoken to Ms. Stowe about her objections, he was aware of her unhappiness, particularly about trims made in some pivotal speeches.
But the reception was emphatic and Hamid Karzai, Afghanistan's interim leader, emerged at the State of the Union tonight as Washington's latest star.
''Unfortunately according to the administration, we're turning to deficit spending, in a major way.''
9 3 BALZAC AND THE LITTLE CHINESE SEAMSTRESS, by Dai Sijie.
Charitable giving represented 2.1 percent of the gross domestic product, up from 2 percent last year.
You have to be willing to deal with those things.''
For the most part, the leaders of environmental organizations say they know St. Joe will prevail, so they have tried to work with the company to limit the impact of its projects.
By using an electrical command to realign their surface molecules, smart textiles could alter how they reflect light and thus their apparent color.
''Die Walküre'' and ''Das Rheingold'' were duly performed and recorded in 1992 and 1993.
The Polish government confirmed today that Lockheed Martin had been chosen to modernize Warsaw's air force with a $3.5 billion order for 48 combat jets.
''It was mind-blowing,'' said Ms. Lott, who is now 56 and lives on Long Island.
This project has brought Harley Savage to town.
Some patients who took the drugs, part of the fen-phen diet drug combination, have sued the company, asserting that it caused heart damage.
In addition, he was selected by Mr. Sires to head a commission to find better ways to predict revenue in the hopes that future administrations would not be left with huge deficits.
In one of them, the Iraqi staff were absent and a number of doors inside locked, with no keys available.
The program includes training in computer applications, economics and management related to construction.
The city has not asked the state to restore the commuter tax, worth $500 million a year.
Each culminated in that long-honored biker ritual, a souvenir tattoo.
''In the candlelight, the colorful sauces and glazes shine like rain-soaked flowers,'' she writes of dinner with him.
But in this business you learn not to name buildings after people because at the end of the day, we're all human and all make mistakes.
The first of three New York premiere performances begins at 7:30 p.m. Wednesday at the BAM Howard Gilman Opera House as part of the 20th anniversary Next Wave Festival of the Brooklyn Academy of Music.
Gene Orza, the union's No.
He's more than mean: he's an archfiend, Satan, a megalomaniac in a tuxedo.
''So I am inclined to think that this is probably not a portrait of Southampton after all, but of some other very fashionable and very young man of the early 17th century,'' Ms. MacLeod wrote to Mr. Cobbe.
''What do they put in the food?''
Black cowboy hats and boot-scootin' boogie tunes are on the program with Kix Brooks and Ronnie Dunn, one of the best-selling country duos of the 1990's.
But after breast cancer surgery, many women can exercise within days.
Donors are notified that their contributions are not tax-deductible, and the club's spending is regulated by federal campaign finance laws.
Djibouti is very active in the fight against terrorism.
GUS, a British retailer, said yesterday that it had agreed to buy the Homebase Group, a chain of home improvement stores, for $1.42 billion, from a group of private equity firms and a supermarket chain.
The company benefited from constant media attention.
Law enforcement officials in other states reported several cases of physical abuse.
In addition to introducing Escapes, the first new theme section of The Times since Circuits began on Thursdays in 1998, the paper will also be expanding the content of its Dining and House & Home sections.
ABRAHAM-Lynne D. Died peacefully on December 12, 2002 at age 60 after a long and courageous battle with breast cancer.
''I wanted to open up good community relations so if anything ever did happen, I could have some people I could go to as liaisons with whoever is having a problem,'' Mr. Triplett said.
The paper said investigators also suspect him of having worked in Europe with Ahmed Ressam, who is accused of having tried to bomb the Los Angeles airport in December 1999.
Hôtel Wassadou, (221) 982-3602, fax (221) 981-2428, www.niokolo.com, is on the northeast edge of Niokolo-Koba National Park.
In the early 1980's, artists made images that were patently false, like the constructed settings of James Casebere or Ms. Sherman's increasingly grotesque imitation movie stills.
Many residents and environmentalists pointed to safety lapses at Indian Point and demanded that it be shut down, while many plant workers and others defended the nuclear operations and rattled off their economic benefits.
That strategy helped House Republicans inoculate themselves against Democratic attacks in 2000, when they passed a similar bill to add drug benefits to Medicare.
While the confidence index fell this month, it has rebounded since late last year, when the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11 brought the economy to a standstill.
Russell Long, executive director of the Bluewater Network in San Francisco, another environmental group, said it was ''tremendously disappointing that they would take such a weak approach.''
Although the school closed as a business, classes are still offered by the nonprofit Center for Symbolic Studies under the name Trapeze Club at Stone Mountain Farm.
India severed diplomatic relations with Pakistan and began massing an estimated 500,000 to 700,000 troops along the border after a terrorist attack on the Parliament building in New Delhi on Dec 13.
If you like music and want to make your own even if you can't play an instrument, get Mad -- a MadPlayer, that is.
kicker who had not missed a field goal attempt this season, failed on field goal tries of 41 and 37 yards in the first half -- wide right each time -- and his ineffectiveness was part of the reason Jacksonville had a chance to make a fourth-quarter comeback.
Quite the opposite: it is a demanding philosophical discourse addressing a series of complex ethical and biomedical issues.
Since football is highly competitive and the rewards for winning are great, teams should be doing what is optimal to win.
You might also want to make an effort to buy only authentic gear that really benefits the group you admire; there's a lot of unauthorized stuff floating around.
Given the lack of cheer from the potential jurors in the case, Graziosa, the defendant, might have been the biggest Yankee fan in the room.
The January unemployment rate was 5.6 percent, up 1.7 percentage points in 16 months, and economists expect it to rise this year even if the recession ends.
Manfred rejected the suggestion that a payroll tax would act as a salary cap.
Sheldon Keefe had Tampa Bay's goal.
The United States military on Saturday said the cause of the accident was being investigated.
The area to be weeded encompasses four counties, three states and eight townships.
This trend also translates into higher rents and fewer rental units, as landlords take rentals off the market and sell them to cash in on rising real estate values.
Sunday at 1:30 p.m.; the music begins at 3; the Morgan Library, 29 East 36th Street, Manhattan, (212) 590-0333.
While GE Capital has fueled much of the parent company's growth, he said, it does not generate high returns on capital when its debt is stripped away.
America has worried for years about a new oil crisis.
''That works well for old Etonian boys, but girls do not always look sexy with unwashed hair.''
So how was he celebrating?
''They're in legal limbo,'' said Michael F. Noone, professor of military law at Catholic University.
Ms. McGuire added, however, that since the issue has not been the subject of judicial review, the letter writer would be proceeding at her own risk if she charges the roommate an additional amount.
It is pitched to teenage boys.
He could not resist the temptation, though.
He said he never signed autographs before a game.
They had two during the day and a third last evening.
The line was short, and we were the third boat in.
Still, people insist on leaving the house.
But I can still bake a pie, simmer a stew or soup, and whip up a soufflé.
Sanchez and Ginobili, both 25, have been playing together since they were 12.
Sales of both drugs have risen rapidly since they were approved in 1998, but Enbrel has been outselling Remicade.
But with memories of Soviet domination still fresh, Russian companies are treading softly.
The two dozen inventors working on behalf of Enron conducted research in very specific areas.
Senator John McCain of Arizona, for one, called for sweeping new business reforms that go far past even the most aggressive Democratic proposals.
DANCE AT THE 92ND STREET Y.
Mr. de Montebello's accomplishment, you might say, has been to combine Rorimer's circumspection with Mr. Hoving's open-door expansionism, providing a useful model for museum directors today who feel pressure to broaden their programs but not lose touch with what museums traditionally do best.
SPORTSFRIDAY, PAGE D1 West Nile in 4th Transplant A fourth organ recipient has contracted the West Nile virus, strongly suggesting the disease was transmitted by the organs.
The more affluent stockpiled antidotes to anthrax, gas masks, emergency food supplies in the cellar, even pills that are supposed to alleviate the effects of a dirty bomb.
Tyler Houston, who hit five last year, has none this year.
But silencing those who oppose Basque independence is clearly part of the separatists' strategy.
That's what Rose McGowan proves every Thursday night on ''Charmed,'' the WB series about the misadventures of a coven of sibling conjurers.
In a great year, a good driver can make up to $70,000.
Tickets: $20, Saturdays and Sundays; $10.
''We know it's going to happen at some point in the game, that we're going to break out.
Yet anyone who fears the burden of residual sadness at Noche will find that the restaurant is instead a celebration waiting to erupt at any moment.
He shot a three-under-par 68 today to capture the Nissan Open at Riviera Country Club by one stroke over a faltering Scott McCarron (71), Brad Faxon (68) and Rory Sabbatini (68).
Through art exhibitions, plays, concerts, seminars and a publishing house, the group has immersed itself in the region's multicultural history -- and in the hands of Mr. Czyzewski, 44, a former dissident theater director and the group's guiding spirit, that act of remembering can be downright uncomfortable.
Designobject's online store (designobject.com) has a sleek laptop sleeve ($40) and bags made from European billboard posters ($16 and $40).
There will be a memorial service in the Christ and Holy Trinity Church, 55 Myrtle Ave., Westport, CT on Saturday, February 23, at 1:00 PM.
''Do I know my son?''
Donovan was taken down by the Costa Rican captain, Reynaldo Parks, just outside the penalty area, and Agoos teed up a 24-yarder that sailed over the wall and past Lonnis.
While plans for the cultural district develop, another local development corporation is seeking to develop a public park along the East River waterfront.
And I feel like I'm putting at that standard now.
You have to take them on your side against your enemy before they turn against you.''
There is in the best of Liszt a kind of spiritual wildness, an almost hallucinogenic ecstasy that goes beyond doing the right thing.
''But it has to be handled appropriately.''
He hasn't ventured into ground zero barefoot -- ''That would be insane'' -- nor does he bare his toes on most of his professional assignments: ''I'm not going to impose it on somebody.''
Following are excerpts from the conversation.
Construction of a temporary bridge over West Street at Rector Street is scheduled to start April 1, with completion four to six weeks later.
He said he would grant the defendants liberty until the matter was resolved.
Front-seat side air bags are standard, and the passenger's has a sensor that detects how a person is sitting and deploys the air bag accordingly -- or not at all.
Thursday night was especially problematic; in the concert's short second half she forgot lyrics, and by directing her band too much, she broke the flow and suspense of the music.
''Why put a gorgeous monument to humanity in a place associated with violence and war?''
Pug Henry, played by Robert Mitchum, who was 70 by the time the second project wrapped; his sons, Warren (Ben Murphy in 1983, Michael Woods in 1987) and Byron (Jan-Michael Vincent, Hart Bochner); Byron's Jewish wife, Natalie Jastrow (Ali McGraw, Jane Seymour); and her uncle, the famous writer Berel Jastrow (John Houseman, John Gielgud).
The building's interior has been altered and sometimes merely tweaked to complement its new mission, most spectacularly the echt Viennese coffeehouse.
All you can see, walking in from the bright sunshine, is something big and white on the wall.
''Maybe it's my mountaintop upbringing,'' he said, according to minutes posted on the town's Web site, ''but I didn't want somebody from downstate telling me what we could and couldn't do.''
There was no heat in Carol Brault's home in Burlington, so she and her boys, 7 and 8, had lunch at a McDonald's in Farmington and were thinking about going to the movies to pass time away from their frigid house.
Mr. Trantino had been scheduled to begin work today as an assistant substance abuse counselor at a Volunteers of America center in Camden, said his lawyer, Roger A. Lowenstein.
Maybe I'll forgo those as well.
Hastings accumulated £200,000 in India and transferred it to England in the 18th century; in the same period Clive transferred £280,000.
Though he considers himself a demanding critic, Mr. Elliot said he had been pleasantly surprised so far by the Trump Organization's stewardship.
James C. Kopp, described as a militant anti-abortion campaigner, pleaded not guilty to charges of using a firearm to commit a violent crime and violating the Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act by fatally shooting Dr. Barnett A. Slepian.
It was a heart-stopping finish and a life-changing day for Perks, the world's 203rd-ranked player, who earned $1.08 million, a trip to the Masters in two weeks and a five-year Tour exemption.
Trusts regularly used intimidation and violence to push competitors out of business or create monopolies.
The settlement requires them to reduce by 20 percent the greatest number of days they had fished in any of the last five years.
At present, the Zellers chain, part of the Hudson's Bay Company, holds the exclusive contract for Martha Stewart Everyday in Canada.
Although they will definitely hear the Utah case, the justices left open the prospect that they might not be able to decide it for lack of an ability to impose a judicial remedy.
ARMSTRONG-James G. On May 8, 2002 at the age of 87.
At the close of ''The Mysteries of Linwood Hart,'' on the day of his parents' giddy reconciliation, Linwood visits his father's dingy exile apartment for the first time and understands that ''it was as perfectly real as every place else in the world, which was large beyond imagining.''
These qualities made the elusive particles -- ''Pauli's poltergeists,'' they were sometimes called -- almost impossible to detect.
Beloved wife of the late Nathan.
''Here I am, the young character actress,'' she added.
57 - hung in the Houston dugout.
''There's only so much time you can spend establishing,'' he says.
Gatorade, in particular, the coveted sports drink that ignited much of Pepsi's interest in acquiring Quaker Oats, has lost some of its meteoric growth in recent months, leading some analysts to wonder when its enormous price tag will translate into a large boost.
The Jets may put the transition player tag on left tackle Jason Fabini next week, all but assuring that he would return next season, according to his agent Anthony Agnone.
Daiei Inc., a Japanese retailer with about $13.5 billion in debt, will be bailed out by the government only two weeks after a new banking regulator said no company was too big to fail.
''Most of Africa did not have electricity,'' he said.
Skeleton's most dedicated followers lobbied to get it back into the Olympics.
But a spokesman said the company was sticking to previous projections that its Chrysler Group unit, the third-largest United States automaker, would break even this year.
Mr. Phelps was once dismissed by real estate professionals as an impractical dreamer whose attempt to bring corporate offices to a wasteland of abandoned factories and rundown gas stations would fail, but ''Phelps's folly'' became the catalyst for a dense development of shops, restaurants, businesses and four hotels -- Marriott Courtyard, Four Points Sheraton, Hilton Garden Inn and Homestead -- all within almost a mile of Merritt 7, which is 85 percent leased.
''The kind of money we need is big, big money,'' he said to me not long after saying hello.
This might be just another New York bag of onions if not for one thing.
Also in the cast are Robert Orth as the flamboyant King Ouf I and Lauren Skuce as Laoula, all liquid silver and sly as a fox.
I was also a violin student.
He also predicted that the plan would have difficulty raising private funds in an economic climate that has every cultural organization steeling itself for tough times.
As the task of rebuilding begins in earnest, the Port Authority and the Lower Manhattan Development Corporation should heed anew Daniel Burnham's advice to Chicago's leaders a century ago: ''Make no small plans.
The paper will appear in the August issue of ACM Transactions on Information and System Security.
But while brokers in most communities report some softening of the market, a few say asking rents in their areas are unchanged or even a bit higher.
''It's all part of connecting people back to the river,'' said Jim Pinto, director of the office of Yonkers downtown waterfront development.
''At the point when you're 50, it's all about making movies that you really find interesting,'' he said.
David R. Graeber, one of the organizers of the weekend protests and a founder of an anarchist group called the Anti-Capitalist Convergence, said that the demonstrators' plans were centered on the weekend.
At another recent interview at an insurance company, Mr. Diaz says, a prospective employer explained that some employees took a half-hour for lunches, while others opted to take an hour, and joked, ''You look like an hour-lunch guy.''
In real life, it has, or had, other ramifications.
I remember saying to myself: ''She feels my mother's pain.
A graduate of Frisch Yeshiva High School in Paramus, NJ, with a beautiful Jewish neshama, he is also survived by his mother, Alona; sisters, Adena and Ayelet; brother, Eli; brotherin-law, Yechiel; nephew, Menahem Beryl; grand parents Malca & Howard Shapiro of Scranton and Fenya Wollman of Miami; greatgrandmother; and numerous aunts, uncles and cousins.
9 Park in Boston, cannot take prune-stuffed gnocchi with vin santo glaze off the menu; it has become the restaurant's signature dish.
Christopher O'Riley Miller Theater Popular music has taken countless liberties with classical themes; now the classical side is getting its turn.
He felt sure science could do better, but over time realized the problem was harder than he had expected.
Although much of the information in this book about the threatened extinction of the sturgeon is familiar from newspaper and magazine articles, Ms. Saffron has done a nimble job of dramatizing it in the most vivid of terms, leaving the reader with a understanding of how the fate of a fish has been determined by the vicissitudes of politics and business, by technological advances and shifting cultural appetites.
''And as he shivered through that long and lonesome night, he almost wished he'd never done any of those deeds.''
''That horse looks like it's alive,'' he says, adding he needed something flashy to honor the favored car in his 13-vehicle fleet.
They'll be here when I'm dead and gone, and they'll be here when Janette's dead and gone.'
Pujols scored for a 5-1 St. Louis lead.
''I was essentially making it for all of our islands.''
''But right now the rebound has not exceeded expectations.''
''They've stayed steady at about 125 a day,'' said Matthew W. Daus, the commission's chairman.
One unusual element of the plan is that before the $500 million could be spent, it would have to be matched dollar for dollar by private donations.
Walking past Arms and Militia, Collectibles and memorabilia, Sports, Tools and Instruments and a dozen other posts - the longest line was at Pottery and Porcelain - we headed toward Paintings and Drawings.
''A dancer's career is short,'' she said.
It is nine and a half feet long and less than four feet wide, and it is just one vehicle in a surprisingly large class called microcars.
Both men speak of their desire to reclaim their campaigns from ''special interests''-- everyone from the national parties to liberal and conservative groups that want to elect candidates who agree with their views.
Image, sound and durability are vastly superior to anything that can be taped at home.
In the Central Valley of California, Mexican methamphetamine producers have built scores of so-called super labs that turn out 10 or 20 times the amount of drugs that biker gangs and other traffickers historically produced, federal reports show.
Nathaniel Miles, a former porter at Surf Manor, a 200-bed home in Coney Island, recounted two scenes last year that he called typical: on one night, he had to stanch the heavy bleeding of a resident who had had a seizure and fallen in a bathtub.
He tries to zero in on the make-or-break aspects of a company.
His only other victory this year was in a stage of the Tour of Catalonia in mid-June.
Coconut Creek High School in Fort Lauderdale made him part of its senior class.
''So I feel that the Lord has called me.
'' Some of her pieces were on display in a tiled corridor nearby: lacquered trays, jewel boxes and bowls with bird and flower designs.
Mr. Bush will do America no favor if he races headlong into war.
''All day long I talk to the furniture,'' said Margaret Corcoran, 82.
An Egyptian-born theologian, Sheik Yusuf Abdullah al-Qaradawi, with a history of anti-American militancy even longer than Sheik Fadlallah's, expresses a similar view.
She really is a shining star.''
The Pirates lost their fourth straight and sixth in the last seven games.
What the participants bring to the table in London is a witches' brew of educated guesses, research and reports, large generalizations and safe bets.
Additionally, the planning board criticized the proposals' ''awkward relationship to the adjacent residential neighborhood.''
We do it because certain diseases and treatment responses cluster by ethnicity.
He cited Article 51 of the United Nations Charter, which gives nations the right to self-defense, as well as the resolution adopted after last year's terrorist attack that called on all nations to crack down on international terrorism.
Under their decidedly curious structure, the Raptors both owed money to Enron and were able to cover that obligation through a financial instrument based on shares of the company's own stock, which was infused from the beginning as the Raptors capitalization.
They also have control over committee assignments and legislative staff.
At its best, the effect is magical and confounding (Johnson).
It is the first time that the market has forecast a quarter-point cut from the current level, already extremely low by historical standards.
Yuri A. Kravtsov, a former member of St. Petersburg's city council, said it might be impossible to discern the motive amid the swirling power struggles that still afflict Russia.
The project, sponsored by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration and the German Aerospace Center (or DLR), consists of a pair of satellites nicknamed Tom and Jerry, which will follow and monitor each other in space and, in the process, produce a gravity map of the planet 100 times as accurate and detailed as any done before.
Mr. Rauber said that in his investigations, he always looks for normal causes first.
I was thinking that was Michael Vick out there until I looked at the number and saw it was 11.''
''I've solved most of my problems at the end of the workday, in a somewhat altered state of consciousness,'' Mr. Lewis said.
and the caller responds, ''He's up and stoned.''
Not necessarily, to judge from my frequent sightings of restless concertgoers squirming in their suits.
In the same year, Virginia Vanderbilt, divorced in 1927 from William K. Vanderbilt Jr., bought the buildings at 60 to 64 East 93rd Street.
''The people of Cleveland will appreciate it!
On Thursday, he participated in a photo shoot for the New England Medical Center, where he spent four days recovering from stab wounds after an assault by three men at a Boston nightclub in September 2000.
Memorial Mass, September 12, 2002, 10:30AM Church of the Sacred Hearts, 307 E. 33 St. Friends are invited.
In the Life Master Pair Championship, which ended Sunday, the winners scored well on the diagramed deal.
I think emotions just got out of hand.''
Its presence showed that the resistant microbe followed the migration of its penicillin-resistant cousin, which first arose in Asia in the 1970's and migrated to Hawaii and California.
The company's main current model, a version of the 1968 Renault 8, has barely changed in 34 years.
Inevitably, Drunken Cat is drawn into a fight with the evil abbot of the monastery, his former friend.
Yesterday, they made their runway debut at the Chanpaul show, wearing clothes a spokesman described as ''young Lolita, schoolgirl uniform, but at crotch length.''
A native son named Jack Lambeau, now the author of a celebrated book on urban design, has returned from New York City to oversee a new commercial development on the benighted town's waterfront.
''And if you don't want to show the house yourself, we will charge you the flat fee plus a showing fee,'' he said, adding that the showing fee in the New York City area runs about 1.5 percent of the sale price.
Unlike Strahan's quest for the sacks record last season, which ended with Strahan falling over a sliding Brett Favre in a meaningless final game of the season for the Giants, Taylor and the Dolphins will be afforded no such luxury in chilly Foxboro, Mass.
''I grew up playing center.
The Rams' offense was clearly perplexed by some of the Eagles' blitz schemes.
Ms. Thomas, who would go on to write best sellers like ''The Hidden Life of Dogs,'' wrote a well-received book on the Bushmen, ''The Harmless People'' (Knopf, 1958).
''Provoking young people to dance and be happy,'' Riahipour says.
That is a position that has long been held by groups opposing gun control.
Some military specialists said the current maneuver would add credibility to Britain's threats to join in military action if the United Nations failed to persuade Mr. Hussein to readmit weapons inspectors.
The children, students at the Clearview School, were taken to Booth Memorial Hospital.
text tag: What did you want to be?
The ''60 Minutes'' correspondent Mike Wallace often said, ''Roone freed the slaves.''
''I'm taking a risk, and my sons are taking a risk,'' Mr. D'Agostino said.
Ari Fleischer, the White House press secretary, refused to move beyond his statement of last week, which was that the president denounced Mr. Lott's remarks but did not think he needed to resign.
Under the second deal, in November, Global Crossing hired Withit to evaluate the technology in the company's IPC Trading Systems unit, a desktop securities-trading operation that Global Grossing, short of cash, was preparing to sell to Goldman Sachs for $360 million.
Besides, he added, the hours did not suit him.
''The nice thing about the technology is that you can increase or decrease the flow of the drug by ramping up the current or turning it down,'' said James Garrison, who oversees business development at Vyteris.
Almost all of Sri Lanka's beach resorts are on the west or southwest coasts.
I dare anyone to eat it.
Dr. Waksal was arrested June 12 and charged with insider trading.
CUNY officials believe the building is beyond repair, and have asked FEMA for more than $300 million to cover the cost of replacing that building and for temporary classrooms and other expenses.
Saturday at 7 p.m. Tickets: $22.75 to $62.75.
That's Santa over there checking his list.''
It's almost impossible not to imagine the suffering these people underwent, or the strange chain of events that allowed them to escape notice as their plight became clear to them and they began, as they almost certainly did, to bang on the grain car's sides.
''I try to do what I do when I have the opportunity to do it,'' said Robertson, who averaged 8 points this season.
Another bill orders up a study of infections transmitted by the machines doctors use to examine colons.
But he seemed not to be restrained by his collar.
While New York has contributed to the American language such joyous words as ''whoopee'' and ''hot dog,'' Washington has coined ''inside the Beltway'' and ''Department of Homeland Security.''
Lawmakers said that about $700 million from the governor's $4.6 billion health package would finance wage increases statewide over three years, and that about half of that $700 million would help finance the 1199 settlement announced yesterday.
He denounced the 2004 issues list as ''another attempt to play politics with terrorism.''
With its declaration that life is too precious to be wasted and best lived with someone else, with its remarkable lack of intellectual or social snobbery, it's a play that dares to be sentimental, democratic and even patriotic.
So the Jets fell off the playoff precipice into the chasm of wild-card losers.
To the Editor: Re ''14 Die as Bomb-Filled S.U.V.
In a September 1964 letter to Gov.
In the last five years, 25 percent of the members of the Audit Bureau of Circulations have chosen to reduce their rate bases and more will follow this year, said Dan Capell of Capell's Circulation Report.
''They know what they're getting themselves into,'' he said.
Charlie Tebele watched from his $250-a-game courtside seat yesterday as Allan Houston missed a 15-foot jump shot.
''WorldCom is only the latest and the largest fallen angel, and it may be the straw that breaks the camel's back,'' said Peter Gleysteen, a consultant to banks and once a top credit officer at J. P. Morgan Chase.
And home-office staffs are usually a mélange of nationalities requiring managers with broad cultural understanding.
''Juan is going to have to make his own decisions,'' Alomar said.
The Shouters group, given its name because of its adherents' emotional prayer meetings, was banned in 1995.
What arrived was fresh proof of the primacy of ingredients; it was subtle, sweet, crisp as spring, with each leaf sounding a distinctive note.
In all, thousands of people were killed in the 1992 and 1997 campaigns.
Several people whose opinions Mr. Bloomberg respects have urged him in recent days to temper his position, the officials said, and their efforts may be working.
Instead of using two years of N.C.A.A.
The ratings for games on public television have spiked as high as 17.
The new notes, too, are unfamiliar so people have to work out how much they are spending.
James was asked to find the odds that a pitcher with that injury, at that age, would regain his effectiveness or improve.
It took me aback because Mom, a retired librarian, is no glamour puss.
Loving husband and best friend of Carol.
In 1978, after I had been very involved in all the amateur athletic unions, Congress transferred oversight of the Olympic teams from the Amateur Athletic Union to the United States Olympic Committee.
The new policy was adopted after two years of lobbying by the Alzheimer's Association and the American Bar Association's Commission on Legal Problems of the Elderly.
TOPOZONE: www.topozone.com TERRA SERVER: terraserver.homeadvisor.msn.com/default.asp Wide-angle and detailed aerial maps with G.P.S.
That much was inevitable when he was being lionized in Paris, when fashionable women, for instance, were wearing copies of his famous bearskin cap.
He remembered the hotel from the early 1950's, when he was dating a young woman who lived in Spring Lake.
Biernbaum, RHP Brandon Wilson, 1B Paul McAnulty, RHP Gabe Ribas, SS Rolando Agosto, LHP Kevin Beavers, CF Rashad Smith, LHP David Krisch, LF Rusty Moore, RHP Adam Montarbo, RHP E.J.
Services will be held at Riverside Memorial Chapel, 180 West 76th Street, at 11:15AM Wednesday.
''They are always inebriated or numbed by mind-altering drugs,'' the opening narration tells us about the willful pack caught up in its mindless, home-brewed anarchism.
The second neglected factor is that, since the 1974 ruling, America's prison population has quintupled.
And so weeks of planning began.
But then, the Frick always feels like a private party, the kind you're not sure you were meant to be invited to.
''We will meet either in Osh,'' a southern regional center, he said, ''or beyond the country's borders, or secretly in Kyrgyzstan.''
He denies killing Martha Moxley, but, according to court documents, has told people that on the night of the murder, he was masturbating in a tree on the Moxley property near where the body was later found.
The more garbage you put in asphalt, the closer you come to garbage.''
''They're trying to get folks to tack on a $10,000 or a $50,000 home equity line,'' Mr. Lereah said.
The hand is inserted between the pole and the offender firmly, and then the wrist is given a hard snap to cause discomfort to the offender.
Tonight at 11, with Gary Lightbody opening at 9:30 p.m.; admission is $12.
She knew because she had cornered half a helpless flock in Woodstown just the day before.
Out of the doormat Kadare devised a doorway.
While most of the Knicks felt that he could help a contending team in a backup role, they also added that if this was the way it would be, he most likely would not return.
He defeated Gloria Tristani, a former Clinton appointee to the Federal Communications Commission.
Prosecutors here went after thousands of officials and businesspeople from all over Italy, and eventually brought down the country's top parties, the Christian Democrats and the Socialists.
The rating for ABC's ''Monday Night Football'' is up 1 percent to an 11.5, and ESPN's is up 22 percent to a 6.2.
Arnott did not play because of a sore back that has bothered him for more than a week.
That spurred New York to close the worst loopholes in its laws and increase its disciplinary staff 50 percent.
The opening play, ''Breakdown'' by Bill Bozzone, seems like filler.
Sheffield's Pad Costs Braves The commissioner's office informed the Atlanta Braves yesterday that Gary Sheffield has been using an oversized elbow pad and fined the club an undisclosed amount.
''You lose customers over it, and you have to do a lot more selling when customers come in to convince them these cars are good cars.''
He was careful not to criticize the governor, as he was careful not to criticize the unions.
A guide to cultural and recreational goings-on around the state this week.
L-3 also said it would be able to deliver 100 machines a month in the fourth quarter.
But in the world of elite colleges, it isn't the cost that is stirring controversy; it is the architecture.
Sometimes It Passes, Sometimes It Stands Still East Side, West Side, either side of town, Just look across the river, see two landmarks not torn down.
''I don't pay the way other programs pay,'' Mrs. Perlman said.
Next to me on the bank, a fisherman with a very long pole grabs a handful of dry, red worms from a bucket at his feet.
Carver (his screen name is CarvedMeat@home.com) worked with the book's other two principals, Miranda Pryor and Lenny Stillmach, in the kind of business space that Carver calls a cube farm.
Presented by Westbeth Theater Center/Arnold Engelman, producing director, and BBC America's Deadfunny Live Comedy Series.
For the last few months, it has been no secret around the country's statehouses that the Hyundai Motor Company, based in South Korea, has been shopping for sites for its first American factory, paying particular attention to Mississippi and the South.
As much as the prevailing view of the Japanese has long been that they have a culture obsessed with owning, having, buying, their attitude toward possessions is comparatively blasé.
They are aggressive, but they are not reckless.
Today, Curtis Martin completed his first full week of practice since injuring his left ankle in the season opener against Buffalo.
That aside, the illustrations work seamlessly with Steig's page-by-page questions.
A man in a Mets jersey came charging up the aisle from the concession area.
Spinach salad with warm bacon and blue cheese ($7) and Caesar salad ($8.75) are refugees of the fern bars that seemed to populate every corner of the Upper West Side in the 1970's, but they are generously proportioned and the Caesar even comes with anchovies.
The report was criticized by opposition politicians, who argued that the health care system needed more fundamental change than Mr. Romanow had offered.
Reception for 2 Artists The Greenwich Workshop Gallery in Fairfield will hold a reception today from 1 p.m. to 4 p.m. for Braldt Bralds and John Weiss.
Sooner or later, one of the parties will wind up getting stuck with a real lemon, someone the voters would never have picked if they had had a chance to really consider the candidates' merits over a few weeks of warm weather.
We still need to find Danielle.''
Laura Benanti and Gregg Edelman are terrific as Cinderella and her charming prince, finding just the right mixture of angst and archness.
Bill Cosby is the host.
It seemed a strange choice for a celebrity with New York at his fingertips.
The Count Reconsidered Kevin Reynolds hasn't been the luckiest filmmaker in Hollywood.
He was 36 years her senior, thrice divorced and a comic genius.
), or play off one of those usages, or come up with something fresh?
''Ultimate security will come from the creation of an Afghan national army committed to the new Afghanistan, and the creation of police units that are also committed to the new Afghanistan,'' Secretary Powell said.
The report came from the research company SEC Insight, which received a letter dated April 4 from the S.E.C.
In Preston Sturges's CHRISTMAS IN JULY (1940), Jimmy tries to get rich by entering competitions and eventually receives a telegram saying he's won $25,000 in a slogan contest.
He presents a problem in there.''
That suits Mr. Lautenberg just fine.
Mr. Giblin, 55, a union leader and former county freeholder, has questioned Mr. DiVincenzo's employment by a Union County produce supplier, which is affiliated with an institutional catering company that holds an exclusive contract with Essex.
My choice: a locally grown Concolor fir.
GETTING IN: No hassle; no cover charge.
The proposed cabinet department represents the biggest reorganization of the government since the 1940's, and many say it could stand as the nation's most lasting response to the events of Sept. 11.
The most immediate threat to exotic forms of structured finance -- and certainly to the heavily camouflaged structures preferred by Enron -- may come from the marketplace.
New York: Alfred A. Knopf.
Players are responsible for what they put in their bodies, but the league creates this insatiable monster of competition.
For an additional 99 cents to $3.99, viewers can choose from a library of about 600 movie titles.
The ratings and running times are in parentheses.
The official said the tapes were given to American intelligence officials, but the men were not arrested because there was no evidence they had committed any crime.
She told the police that she had watched as her father spotted a black woman walking down the sidewalk, got out of the car and chased her down.
I had no desire to be Fava Bean Man again.''
If Banff's destiny was to be mostly a tourist town, at least it should reflect its particular -- and glorious -- environment.
One episode of ''The Simpsons'' makes a meta nod in this direction, opening with Homer and Marge sitting on the family couch, looking bored.
For Mr. Hitchcock, promoting the event's celebrity quota is a double-edged sword.
But now they had returned -- some from across town, others from across the country -- to meet again in Room 120.
''Les Destinées,'' which opens today in Manhattan, is divided into three parts, corresponding to the dialectical phases of Jean's identity.
Oscar went on to score 50 points.
I am also routinely frustrated at having to park in absurdly narrow or snow-filled handicapped spaces.
In her Yiddish-inflected voice she said, ''Nu, so where's the waltz?''
In addition to her sons and their wives, she is survived by seven grandchildren as well as by a daughter living in Rome, Anita Maurizi.
Pennington's 82.8 percent completion rate was the best ever by a Jets quarterback who threw at least 20 passes, and for the first time this season the Jets scored first and converted several big third-down plays.
Here Greg Funfgeld, the group's music director, conducts a seasonal performance in Packer Memorial Church at Lehigh University.
I didn't want to mislead the Senate.
Maggie Jayne, 18, of Elgin, Ill., defeated a field of 253 qualifiers from 31 states, Canada and Bermuda to win the Equestrian-USA Equitation Medal final at the Pennsylvania National Horse Show in Harrisburg.
The board used to hold hearings near crash scenes, but now uses a 12,500-square-foot conference center in a former movie theater near its offices.
Mr. Bush began his day at his 1,600-acre ranch near Crawford, Tex., then flew to Milwaukee, where he promoted his economic agenda and raised $600,000 for Gov.
Her nanny, she said, is fascinated by ''The Nanny Diaries.''
''But I have no great expectations of anything in life other than happiness with my husband and my family and my friends.''
Volunteers began reading the names today and will continue from 5 a.m. to midnight each day though Sunday.
Sincerely, the Cat The French were just behind the Germans on the chortle index (maybe because the Germans are still laughing about the Maginot Line).
''I think they'll go as far as their pitching will take them.''
But the purpose of the Studio Company is not solely to prepare dancers for Ballet Theater.
''Have no illusions about what's going to be attempted in the United States House of Representatives,'' said Senator John McCain, the Arizona Republican who was a lead sponsor of the new campaign finance law.
The outbreak caused six million animals to be slaughtered and a large drop in tourism.
KANSAS CITY ROYALS--Recalled OF Alexis Gomez from Wichita of the Texas League.
They and Mr. Parsons -- also from the Time Warner side of the house -- are left to confront the question of what now to make of AOL Time Warner.
''There is nothing this White House would like better than to paint any Congressional examination of what went on before Sept. 11 as a partisan exercise,'' a Democratic senator said.
When the inspectors left today, reporters were allowed into the palace, but only into the entrance hall.
''Yao is going to continue to get better, but I think it will still be Steve's team.''
As a painter and printmaker, he produced a low-key mix of traditional representation and Modernist abstraction.
Dr. Feierman said that in many cases, the clergymen lived double lives, on the one hand repressing ''sinful'' thoughts and on the other, acting out sexually.
But the Cardinals knew what they had done.
Pat Huizing, executive director of New Jersey Preservation, a nonprofit advocacy group, said the fate of Rockingham and other landmarks reflects the state's ambivalence toward its past.
With a series of scintillating moves, Nailon, a soft-shooting small forward, was burying the New Orleans Hornets, rebuking them with every basket for dropping him to fourth string and waiving him last month.
Further, while the study is not subject to Belgian government control, it will be financed by the taxpayer, which makes intense public debate of its findings even more likely.
It is a seriocomic thriller about how the tensions between the environmental movement and industry are played out in the lives of ordinary people in the American West.
'' The machinery that Mr. bin Laden had assembled answered his call to defend the Taliban.
And while it's possible that the site may have even better package deals closer to Thanksgiving (if hotel and airline reviews of occupancy rates reveal more vacancies than expected), if you already know where you want to go, it's not worth the risk to wait.
County officials urged parents to escort their children to school on Tuesday and to serve as monitors at major intersections.
Sprewell may be anticipating a trade the Knicks would be well advised not to rush into, given the difficulty they will have in returning equal value.
''We're just not very smart and very good right now.
Here's what I heard: ''When can you come down?
Here in Boston, the story has resonated.
The show runs through Oct. 2.
Yet most New Yorkers seem to feel that he has done fine at City Hall thus far.
''I take ultimate responsibility for the campaign's missteps, transgressions and misrepresentations,'' the mayor declared.
Affected people may not recognize their depression; it often takes a family member or close friend to notice it and suggest doing something about it.
But on a Tour dominated by big hitters like Venus Williams, Serena Williams and Capriati -- all of whom thrive on wearing down opponents from the baseline -- the best counterpunch for the smaller player is a quick stab at a volley.
''The problem is having the manpower to enforce the rules and make sure our players don't get taken advantage of.''
They are two games behind.
director, would not comment on the latest search, except to say, ''We're making progress in the case, but I can't comment on ongoing aspects of the investigation.''
''They think it must be a first flight.
For West Virginia (9-4), it was a sour finish after winning six of its final seven regular-season games.
''Afghanistan has no need for foreign troops,'' he said firmly.
On January 4, 2002, beloved husband of Willie.
Recently, he said, a friend alerted him to the chance to buy an ''Enron/Columbia Business School Recruiting Team'' T-shirt on eBay.
''We haven't seen her in two weeks.
At least, Mr. Brown reasoned, they could walk to the Joyce.
Mr. Khan, an ethnic Tajik who battled the Taliban, is also accused of overseeing the systematic harassment of ethnic Pashtuns, the country's largest ethnic group and a large source of support for the Taliban.
Duke (3-0) followed last weekend's victory over No.
In this new pro game -- where passing offense, tons of big plays and points draw fans and attention -- the A.F.C.
In a recent interview in The New Zealand Herald, he said, ''In October there will be more lawyers in town than sailors.''
But last month, Dr. Cole, 59, announced that he would leave the post in the coming academic year.
His mother is a freelance graphic designer in New York.
''Shouting Fire'' is the best of the essays, though it is matched in its energy by Dershowitz's attack on any breach in the wall of separation between church and state, and by his refusal to concede anything to those who criticize his involvement in the defense of people like Mike Tyson, Meir Kahane, Leona Helmsley, Larry Flynt and Claus von Bülow.
''That was when my back really hurt,'' said Schwarzrock, recalling his 1999 troubles at Pebble Beach.
What you once thought of as the Sinai Desert you'll know as the Sinus, with sand piled carefully and colored to display the logo for Sudafed.
Sand was a fierce dissenter from her society's conventions of feminine behavior, but Ms. Binoche makes her, with Musset, patient, maternal and sensible.
They will offer an alternative sponsored by Representative Bob Ney of Ohio, saying that it offers more limited reforms, even though it really just preserves the status quo.
Worms, he said, and egg sacs and spinners, with no luck.
A once-hopeless team is in first place, a couple of perennial powers have struggled to keep pace and there is a good chance the league will end up in a three-way tie.
California's new law sets no size limit.
''It helps us decide how many singers we can hire, what quality of production we can put on.
The division, Grey Global Atlanta, will be composed of offices of the Grey Global agencies for advertising, Grey Worldwide; public relations, GCI; and direct marketing, Grey Direct.
A recital on Nov. 2 by the cellist Yo-Yo Ma has already sold out.
The first missed everything; the second banked off the backboard to the left of the rim.
The Nassau County Legislature voted unanimously today to require religious organizations to report complaints of child sex abuse to the district attorney -- a measure legislators said they believed was the nation's first local law dealing with the sexual abuse of children by members of the clergy.
Some business owners reported arson and vandalism.
She had recently married, they said.
This final story becomes novelistic, its theme of loss made palpable and powerful through dinner-table conversation.
Acquisitions included the Soaltee Hotel in Katmandu, the capital of Nepal; Mena House near the Egyptian pyramids; and the run-down Hotel Windsor in Melbourne, Australia.
''That was a big lift,'' Laviolette said.
''We have conclusive proof now that anything Mr. Geiger may have done had no effect whatsoever on the price of natural gas,'' Mr. Murphy said.
''Enron was a potential market for $50 million or $100 million in consulting fees,'' he said.
''Clearly,'' Mr. De Blasio said, ''there are still a lot of problems with how individuals are treated at H.R.A.
Let's start paying attention, just in case.
''Huge cracks exist in the foundation of the Catholic Church.''
*Telling San Francisco Giants fans not to bother rooting for Barry Bonds to slug the Giants into the World Series.
One important element of the medical privacy regulation, for example, involves the notification to patients of how their information will be used.
Yale is one of a growing number of universities that allow applicants to learn electronically whether they have been admitted, without waiting for notices to arrive by mail.
Dr. Garrett E. Albertson, a Presbyterian minister, officiated on Bald Head Island in North Carolina.
The claims and counterclaims concerning the New York branch are endless, but the activities they describe are almost certainly not unique, experts in Beijing said.
Four-day passes, $175; (970) 920-4996; www.jazzaspen.com.
Now a new generation of boosters is missing the point.
The company's failure was no surprise to Mr. Campbell, or to some others familiar with the industry.
The provision was then dropped from the budget bill, and the Bermuda legislation has moldered.
The manuscript came with ''an excellent letter'' from Mr. Pietsch, but, Ms. Petrocelli said, ''I didn't know if I wanted to read a book about a dead child.
Walker shouted to Scott to get off the court.
Mr. Sadler makes a tasty tiramisù, a flaky apricot and pear turnover and a memorable chocolate mousse cake.
During mediation required by the court, Intel agreed to pay $150 million if it loses the case and an additional $100 million if it files and loses an appeal.
Steve Passmore then replaced Thibault, who faced 14 shots.
That was the usual pace of their long-distance arrangement, with him living in New York City, and working at Sandler O'Neill & Partners, during the week, and then joining her on the weekends in Washington, where she is a third-year law student at George Washington University.
The controversy comes at a bad time for Coca-Cola Enterprises, which owns the Texas operation and controls much of Coke's distribution across the country.
Mr. Thomas said he and some partners got into the brownfield business in the mid-1990's and initially focused on industrial properties.
A company does not have to name the people on its friends-and-family share list; the lists are seen only by the company issuing shares and the brokerage firm that is underwriting them.
The show, which began previews on March 19 and is to open on April 18, has had good walk-up business at the box office, which indicates strong word of mouth.
Anthrax also challenged health officials and law enforcement agencies to work together.
Brought south from her winter berth in an Albany dry dock earlier that day, the boat, Captain Freitas said, was as stiff and creaky as, well, a middle-aged writer who hadn't been getting his exercise.
After the election, both sides will face problems, Mr. Kaiser said.
''I thought he was leaving, and she thought he was coming home.''
Democrats and Republicans in the Senate held competing news conferences today and produced conflicting statistics as each side battled to demonstrate that the other was behaving abominably in considering candidates for the federal bench.
Johnson never recovered and was seventh.
The prosecution was following a logical, though ultimately false, line of thinking based on the information and technology available at the time.
Since last summer, Ms. Girard and Mr. Prabhu have been working on a rice genome project sponsored by Cornell University, with guidance from their science teacher, Michael Corcoran.
At that time, federal prosecutors wanted to question union representatives who had met with police officers after the assault at the station house in Flatbush.
CityPass A private enterprise called CityPass sells coupon booklets for attractions in New York, Boston, Philadelphia, Chicago, Seattle, San Francisco and Hollywood.
A rich man's paternalism toward what has become more and more a working-class vice?
The tousled, collagelike images first strike the eye as generic and familiar, but soon the forests of dirty brushes, the walls abloom with color tests, the paint-encrusted easel and, most of all, the detritus underfoot suggest an installation-art metaphor for the creative process in general.
He said a team was being put together, but its makeup and organization have not been determined.
''The Ninth Circuit issues too many decisions for anyone to read,'' wrote Judge Andrew J. Kleinfeld, who was appointed by the first President George Bush.
''You can't win a championship or make the playoffs in the first couple games.
The total upfront market would be the second best, ahead of the $7 billion sold for 2001-2002, but still behind the $8 billion sold for 2000-2001.
But phrase after phrase was fussed over.
Three production lines have been closed and 1,100 workers let go since last year.
Novartis believes that in Cambridge it can build a richer knowledge base that will yield more new products, faster, to sell to the world's richest, aging customers.
In person too, Mr. Meyssan, a slim, wiry man with short hair and penetrating eyes, comes over as both serious and rational.
It is far from clear what the Justice Department's questions mean.
A year after 9/11, this non-policy still survived as a major plank in the Democrats' campaign arsenal, with Messrs. Daschle and Gephardt this fall calling for the president to hold a new economic summit.
There's Carnival, obviously, but Rio is also one of the coolest places to ring in the New Year.
Those guys are looking for positions.
''The Rams have the old Tampa defense,'' he said.
''He caught a certain quality that nobody else has done before or since,'' said Sylvan Cole, an expert in American prints and the owner of the Sylvan Cole Gallery on 57th Street in Manhattan.
Cooking a 15-pound country ham is a time-consuming and often idiosyncratic proposition as well.
He won the elite mile in this meet last year in 3:57.90.
And Mr. Clinton has hired an additional research assistant to help him fill in details.
Radnor, Pa., Aug. 21, 2002 The writer is a child and adolescent psychiatrist.
''He wants to sell when the insurance cycle is on the upturn rather than when things are bad.''
I hate knowing that you're really not coming home this time, and all I remember about when I saw you last was that I was doing my homework when I got up and kissed you goodbye.
Snuffing out his sixth cigarette in the space of an hour, Mr. Harding sat back in the chair in his 17th-floor East Side law office and projected an air of calm about the week's change in political events.
He would not address whether Testaverde's performance against Oakland would determine his future with the team.
Stanley Thomas, who is nearing 50, said he was ready to leave the coal mine.
What do you get when you cross a Playboy bunny with 12-year-old Scotch whiskey?
At the Henry Holt publishing company in downtown Manhattan, you would hear doors slamming in the morning, recalled Jill Lichtenstadter, one of five people in the sales and marketing departments reading the novel this summer; others immersed in it didn't want to overhear their hallway discussions.
The delisting, to take place on Monday, could put the company in default of some loan provisions, possibly requiring Adelphia to buy back $1.4 billion in convertible bonds in cash within 40 days.
The second open question is: What, if anything, can unhappy people do about it?
They said Mr. Bush's plan would call for outright cuts in some domestic programs, and would hold overall increases in spending outside of national security to very low levels.
Some of these adventures are simply fantasies cooked up by Eiji's overactive imagination; some are nightmares that haunt his sleep.
Even before the attacks, the American government protected its airlines by limiting terminal slots allotted to foreign carriers and preventing those carriers from flying domestic routes, restrictions common around the world.
Citigroup agreed to lease 235,000 square feet at 100-300 Stamford Place, while American Express (which announced plans last month to reoccupy its headquarters in downtown Manhattan in the spring) took 175,000 square feet at 400 Atlantic Avenue, according to a report by Colliers ABR, the real estate services company.
GEORGE STREET PLAYHOUSE ''A Night in Tunisia,'' by Regina Taylor.
-------------------- Treasury Prices Increase By Bloomberg News Treasury prices increased yesterday as a decline in the stock markets bolstered interest in fixed-rate government securities.
Vivendi has been in talks to sell Telepi to the News Corporation since June, but those discussions had lately bogged down in haggling over price.
If you just want classical music, Rhapsody offers access to the Naxos Classical label's content for $5.95 a month.
Kings is Marks & Spencer's last business in the United States, having sold the Brooks Brothers chain last year for $225 million.
But even when the wrongdoing originates in the United States, auction fraud investigations face legal and logistical obstacles.
Walker has also tutored them on how to use their eyes: First, look at the formation of the offense as it comes to the line, and determine whether you are going to press the receiver at the line of scrimmage, or back away.
Much of the momentum toward a change in relations with the rest of Argentina has been provoked by a recent proposal to fuse Patagonia's two northernmost provinces, Neuquén and Rio Negro.
Still, Ferus represented the pluralism of American art as well as -- if not better than -- any New York gallery of its era.
The bathtub is attached to water pipes, which run to the earth.
The Indianapolis firm that has built 8 of the last 11 major league ballparks will build the St. Louis Cardinals' new stadium.
I wanted Georgia to have that sense like I have in some situations -- am I really capable?
After Davis led the Broncos in rushing yards last season with 701, the team protected itself by drafting Clinton Portis, a speed back out of Miami who will compete with Olandis Gary.
They are long-lived: females can live to over 100 and males to about 40.
The members of the Board, the tenants and staff of 17 East 89 St. express their profound sadness at the sudden death of our cherished neighbor, Bernie Rogenstein.
The new assessments will be entered onto county tax rolls in January and will be used to calculate taxes starting in October 2003.
Despite the corporate problems, about 90 percent of individual investors say the stock market will rise over the next year, according to a survey by the Yale School of Management.
Some federal officials favor a blanket approach, in which the vaccine would be available to everyone, while others have suggested a staggered approach, in which health care workers and others most likely to be on the front lines of fighting a potential outbreak would be inoculated first.
As if there weren't enough going on, a film crew, cables snaking behind, filmed an episode of ''Thunderbox,'' a boxing and entertainment program, with actors playing managers, handlers and hangers-on screaming at the real boxers in the ring.
The new tax cut also raises the limit that individuals can contribute to tax-deferred retirement savings plans that are offered by employers -- 401(k) plans, 403(b) plans for nonprofit workers and 457 plans for state and local government workers.
He also had subtle references to Elsa Schiaparelli in veiled cadet caps, which conjured up the makeshift refinement of the World War II years, and to Christian Dior and the small shoulders and full skirts that signaled fashion's return after V-E Day.
Also mostly missing are the huge screened porches common to the region.
''I don't know if I said that very clearly.
I want to follow my own footsteps.''
When the Harlem all-stars played Aptos, Calif., in the Little League World Series today, there was no mystery: for each team, it was win or go home.
Most people are considered vulnerable to a smallpox attack because immunity is thought to wane over time.
As things spun out of control, among Andersen partners and advisers there was a growing sense that Mr. Berardino had to go, according to people inside the firm.
Reflecting the family's desire to change with the times, it recently opened a Berghoff Cafe at O'Hare Airport.
''By teaching himself in theory and practice, some of the teaching being rather pedantic,'' Hitchens writes, ''he became a great humanist.''
I wrote: ''Gergiev is one of those hit-or-miss musicians, not unlike the pianist Martha Argerich, whom the public also adores.
A15 SPORTS D1-8 OBITUARIES A29 FASHION B8 NATIONAL A16-28 No Charges for Clinton, Special Counsel Decides The Whitewater independent counsel, Robert W. Ray, said that there was ample evidence to convict former President Bill Clinton of perjury and obstruction of justice but that no charges would be brought because of the penalties that Mr. Clinton had already sustained.
Lonely houses here and there at the most perilous turns, hidden behind trees and guarded from the narrow road by iron fences, suggesting the presence of an isolated privacy that is -- and not merely must be -- respected.
''MORE TEEMING THAN BOMBAY: THE OLD JEWISH LOWER EAST SIDE.''
Flummoxed by the incident, the Knicks told Sprewell not to join them in Charleston, S.C., for training camp.
The talks dragged on, he said, until the church cut them off because of a court ruling that would have hurt his client's case.
With Rene Liu, Lei Huang and Chao-te Yin.
According to the indictment, Mr. Weidner, a loan officer and the former president of Capital City Bank in Topeka, asked Mr. Wittig to invest $1.5 million in a real estate development project in Scottsdale.
''I used to go to ulpan there in the summer, and my Hebrew was really getting somewhere.
Yet whatever happens Saturday, remember this: While most pitchers would not condone what Clemens did and understand it is a brand of baseball terrorism that hurts them in the long run, such is the state of the game that they all can imagine, even fantasize, that moment of exasperation when they would snap, and when they all would be him.
But the absence of a cease-fire and continuing terror attacks, as well as severe pressure from hard-liners in the government, had put Mr. Sharon under strong pressure to keep Mr. Arafat grounded.
Kodak said it expected to post earnings of 97 cents a share, compared with 12 cents a share in the quarter a year ago.
What makes the film different than others out of Hollywood is its developer -- the staid National Geographic magazine.
Nonetheless, he said he was pleased that the statue would be racially and ethnically representative.
Since its creation two weeks ago, the site has drawn hundreds of thousands of visitors and 4,000 comments, said a founder, Brian Seitz, a Baltimore computer programmer.
Mr. Tanner ran a scheme out of the Empire State Building to sell 1.8 million shares of stock, at up to $9.37 a share, in Maid Aide, which turned out to be a one-woman cleaning service in Las Vegas.
Bill's point of departure was African masks and Cubism.
Countywide: To punish her refusal to hire law clerks referred by clubhouse leaders and other so-called acts of disloyalty, Margarita Lopez Torres, an able sitting Civil Court judge, was denied the backing of the Democratic Party organization for a second 10-year term.
These are the same colors worn by pool boys at the Beverly Hills Hotel, whose celebrity bungalow gives the place its name.
But in the next three games, the number of runs for no gain or a loss dropped to four.
POSA-Augustino R. On September 24, 2002.
Is the university willing to pay for something it has gotten relatively cheaply the past two decades?
He has just become engaged to Paula Fortunato, 41, a New York City schoolteacher whom he has been seeing for the last year and a half.
Dr. Kenneth Kendler, a psychiatric geneticist at Virginia Commonwealth University, said the replication was ''impressively robust'' and that ''it all looks very good.''
The penalty Parsons pays for making drivers wait more than 30 minutes for inspections will be increased to $2,500 a day from $500.
Maybe they're smart, too, certainly at being spiders.
''At the same time, I see Jason working hard and I respect that effort and I respect his skills and I respect him doing a great job on a tough assignment.
Benchmark: Understands basic contemporary issues involving personal, political, and economic rights (CTSS – ‘social’, ‘9-12’, ‘civ5’) Civics Standard 29- Understands the importance of political leadership, public service, and a knowledgeable citizenry in American constitutional democracy.
It is true that our imagination remains free even in captivity.
At times, that worked to the advantage of a particular program or issue, but sometimes his political drive was seen as working against the core mission of the department.
It's hard to imagine that brighter day; her view of the future clouded up faster than she could have imagined.
The cast -- Karin Heberlein, Toby Hughes, Leticia Santa Fé and Philippe Spall -- are personable and energetic, but the show doesn't add up to a coherent commentary.
After today's play at the Buick Classic, Roberts and Gossett had at least one more thing in common.
I believe we have seen both types thus far.''
The country's stock markets are still small and trading shares is hard for people who do not live in coastal cities, for example, while government bonds are difficult to trade anywhere and there are virtually no corporate bonds.
When rain falls once again, they will require the replenishment of seed as well as fertilizer and tools and draft animals.
Stocks rallied in the last hour and a half yesterday and the push was enough to assure that both the Dow Jones industrial average and the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index rose for the day and finished higher for the week.
COWBOYS The rivalry between Dallas and the expansion Houston Texans begins with tonight's scrimmage, but do not expect to see the full game plan of either team.
''I say burn 'em,'' another cries.
Le Pen, who has predicted he will get 40 percent of the vote, embellished on his theme of electoral fraud in a fresh attack on the government establishment.
Bobby Jackson had 19 points for the Kings, who never trailed in their 15th victory in 17 games.
Daniel Putnam Brown's involvement with Russia leather began in the mid-1990's when he was searching for old leather to upholster an early chair in his collection.
O.K., you're a tough lawyer who's just found out that your husband is not who you thought he was at all and may for all you know be a cold-blooded killer.
''Imagine if Ford had these clauses,'' Mr. Spitzer said.
Mo Vaughn had already failed twice with runners in scoring position last night.
But the union, the Communications Workers of America, said Verizon wanted to cut the work force all along and would offer only limited job security in return for large-scale concessions.
The House and Senate overhauled the nation's campaign finance and electoral systems and created new rules on corporate responsibility.
It's a simple dish, essentially scalloped potatoes cooked with sliced onions and anchovies.
Unfortunately, that may mean working for his ex-wife (Téa Leoni), who is now the studio head's girlfriend.
's, someone will teasingly suggest that they pass the hat for me because I'm not making any money,'' he said.
offers tickets at half price.
NTL, which has never made a profit in its nine-year history, is struggling under $17.3 billion in debt issued to finance more than a dozen acquisitions.
Ultrasound makes an ideal screening tool, said Dr. David B.
They were compared with 962 women who had not been vaccinated.
Glimpsed in rehearsal garb in the spare yet airy spaces of Trisha Brown's studio in midtown Manhattan, he might be waiting for his cue as the puppet hero of Stravinsky's ''Petrouchka.''
Earlier this season the Metropolitan Opera's revival of Otto Schenk's gritty production of Strauss's ''Elektra'' showed the company at its best, especially James Levine, who drew a molten yet impressively lucid and poignant performance from the Met Orchestra.
''You don't want to just jump in and make that decision.
The government also filed a six-page unclassified version.
Open today and tomorrow, noon to 8 p.m.; Saturday, 11 a.m. to 7 p.m.; and Sunday, noon to 6 p.m.
Second, he was making a copy of a copy of his own work: Karsh's 1941 portrait was not only on the cover of Life magazine, but was the model for the wax sculpture at Madame Tussaud's.
He said little else before stalking down the hall.
Pointing to the current drought, a coalition of environmental and civic groups called on the federal government today to take a broader role in planning and financing land preservation in the New York-New Jersey Highlands, a swath of the Appalachians that provides drinking water for 11 million people in the metropolitan region.
Today,'' who worked on the story for CBS.
This makes sense, because she's intensely pixilated -- a devil doll with a hunger for mischief.
That's basically true; here's how it works.
The dematerialization of architecture is a more elemental consequence of the classical rebirth than the reduction of history to an encyclopedia of period styles.
A reputed top aide to Osama bin Laden who has pleaded guilty to stabbing a jail guard in New York testified yesterday that he wanted to break out and go to the United Nations to proclaim his innocence.
No one has taken responsibility for inserting a provision that would limit the legal liability for manufacturers of thimerosal, a mercury-based additive to vaccines that some people believe is linked to autism in children.
Some of the artists illustrate rather than fully embody the curators' categories, and there is an excess of fashionable, even overexposed artists from a handful of hot galleries.
The First of October Anti-Fascist Resistance Group, known by the Spanish acronym Grapo, is blamed for small bomb attacks, usually against government buildings, and armed hold-ups, including an attack on an armored bank car that left two security guards dead.
Hopewell's Puritan name speaks of its long history as a quiet, rural and decidedly upscale suburb of Princeton and Trenton, and the fight over football seems to be a part of generalized concerns about newcomers clogging the roads, and about vanishing open space, an exploding school population and rising taxes.
The magazine ranks only French wine and is tough.
For all that, it remains early in the race, and Mr. Pataki clearly has some problems in some quarters.
He is also fighting a six-month term for hacking down genetically modified rice plants in 1999.
Late tonight, an Israeli official said as many as 200 Palestinians had been killed in Jenin.
There will be a hormonal surge in student applications.
While the White House considers its long-term plans for Iraq, Britain's prime minister, Tony Blair, arrived in Moscow this evening for a day and a half of talks with President Vladimir V. Putin.
Mr. McGreevey, who preached about austerity and fiscal restraint, actually increased state spending by 9 percent and paid for it by borrowing, draining the surpluses from a variety of special state funds and enacting carefully targeted increases in certain taxes and fees.
He would no doubt be hard to catch.
I don't have a vote, but before it's over I'll cast an opinion.
''Joel had a very devoted team at the Justice Department when they were taking a lot of outside hits,'' Mr. Gergen said.
Lydia's gradual attachment to Faith and her grudging admiration for Skip aren't sentimentalized either.
Retired Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of W.R. Grace & Co. and American Cyanamid Company, 66, Died Tuesday, September 3, 2002.
Mr. Sheen's award could help ''Spin City,'' avoid cancellation at the end of this television season, DreamWorks executives hope, by reminding ABC, a unit of Walt Disney, that it remains popular while raising its profile.
Bruce Bryant, a television director, choreographs the video for each opera.
Even the best outcome would probably mean violent demonstrations of the type seen in the early 1980's when the Northern Sinai settlements were dismantled as part of the implementation of the Israeli-Egyptian peace agreement; a worst case would involve armed confrontation between soldiers and settlers.
We'd certainly like to have a full house, but that's not the case.''
One chain of fitness clubs, World Class, set up shop in an elite dacha community, where membership costs a whopping $4,000 a year.
But Lalive, after skiing the top portion well, caught an edge and fell.
Showalter, who took the Yankees and the Diamondbacks to the playoffs, interviewed with the Cubs on Sunday and is probably the prime candidate available.
We drank Peronis and read our menus.
Catherine McAuley High, picked by Ms. Welles from nine schools that had expressed interest in the boarding program, will not earn a profit from housing the teenagers, but it welcomes the tuition dollars brought in by the new students, paid for largely by Anchor.
Tomorrow and Sunday, visitors will hear Tahuantinsuyo, a group playing traditional Andean instruments made from grasses.
''Have you read 'Fast Food Nation?'
''Couldn't they screen me off?''
There are seven solo harpsichord concertos by Bach, and on Saturday night at the Miller Theater, George Steel, the executive director, this time wearing his conductor's hat, presented all of them in a marathon concert with the Gotham City Orchestra, a chamber ensemble that he founded.
Physicians for Human Rights, based in Boston, also condemned Iran's move and said that not allowing Afghan children to go to school would be in violation of the United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child, which Iran has ratified.
Mr. Annan, they contended, had never consulted with Security Council members before accepting the letter from Iraq allowing inspectors back in, and they said he had undercut the effort to force a different kind of inspection by appearing to take the Iraqi offer at face value.
''Party,'' said Alec Brook-Krasny, a Russian émigré businessman who, after his defeat in last year's council race became the director of Cojeco, an umbrella organization of community groups.
Rummy says we blew it and should never have trusted those double-dealing Afghan varmints to seal the borders and check the caves.
And when the question was asked, Jason Kidd had an answer.
Mr. Packard said: ''At the end of the day, it's just simply going to be a commodity.
The rates of unawareness among minority gay men ages 15 to 29 in the study were staggeringly high.
ports and an IEEE 1394 (also called FireWire or i.Link) port for connecting digital video cameras and external hard drives are also included.
He acknowledged that there were ''cultural limitations'' on women.
''I know what concussions feel like.
In addition, YES said that it sent Cablevision a plan last week for expedited proceedings in hopes of a trial before the summer, but it is awaiting Cablevision's reply.
Mr. Olson's competitive instincts have become the subject of much speculation in the book industry as Random House, the largest consumer publisher, has carried out a round of cost cuts, including scores of layoffs among editorial, marketing, sales and administrative staff.
According to John Moroni, a fashion publicist who acted as go-between for Butter and Ted Baker, although ''dangerously hip is a really hard line to walk, having your staff look great can expand on the cross marketing between two brands.''
As the sky grows light, it reveals a throng of people in their underwear and pajamas, all around the banks, bending, twisting, punching the air, marching in place, flexing their torsos from side to side in a morning ritual of health.
The boys rehearse Thursdays at 4:45 at Emanuel Lutheran Church in Pleasantville, beginning Sept. 12.
Add cumin, onion, pepper and chili.
''I think what we're seeing is a response to a whole set of efforts, including the outreach we've been engaged in very significantly since 1997,'' said Dennis Galligani, associate vice president for student academic services.
High school students protested in downtown Portland against proposed cuts of more than $300 million in the statewide schools budget.
''He gets it; he does a lot more good than bad,'' said Al Leiter, who won the World Series with Toronto and Florida but calls Valentine the best manager he has played for.
A Long Celebration Birthdays are always a good excuse to ask for presents, even when a museum is the one celebrating.
Mr. Bush's plan projects that the government will run a deficit in the current fiscal year of $106 billion and a deficit next year of $80 billion.
Cablevision's position convinced YES to unite with DirecTV to persuade Cablevision subscribers to switch to satellite service.
James E. Neuman, a lawyer for Mr. Nelson, said yesterday that he had not spoken with prosecutors since the new trial was ordered, and had no idea what they planned to do.
He threw out three runners but committed seven errors, playing 61 games in center or left field.
In a further sign of the tensions roiling the energy industry, one of the largest shareholders of the El Paso Corporation attacked the company at its annual meeting today, calling for it to overhaul its accounting practices and change the way it does business.
I'm afraid New York won't be the way it looks in the movies.''
To illustrate the concept that ''no matter how distinctive someone may be, he or she can't compete with Tanqueray,'' he added, ''we came up with a celebrity campaign -- but one where Tanqueray ends up being the star.''
CRANES, the Knitting Factory, 74 Leonard Street, TriBeCa, (212) 219-3006.
''I woonnn,'' he shouts into the phone.
But American and Asian officials are far from certain that Pakistan has cut off the relationship, or even whether General Musharraf is in control of the transactions.
Seeking to reverse a steep decline in its share price touched off by accounting questions, Royal Ahold, the Dutch-based supermarket chain, promised today to provide more detailed information about its financial statements.
A benefits extension is almost certain to pass next month, now that President Bush and Congressional Republicans have agreed to the idea.
I just don't think I could date someone with crooked teeth.''
It has been seeking a rival bid, but none has appeared so far.
Among Dr. Turbin's concerns is whether a reorganization would result in the reassignment of some colleagues to one of the university's other medical school facilities.
Dr. Kodra left soon after to work with trauma victims from the war in a hospital in Tirana, the Albanian capital.
For a boy of 12 in a new country, Gurbaj appears remarkably composed under all the pressure.
''Let's say for argument's sake that you are a senior government official,'' a United Nations expert said.
And there likely will be other big summer performers: ''Minority Report,'' ''The Bourne Identity,'' ''Lilo and Stitch,'' ''Scooby-Doo'' and ''Austin Powers in Goldmember.''
Senator John F. Kerry of Massachusetts criticized President Bush's energy plan today as ''old thinking'' that would not end the nation's dependence on foreign oil, becoming the latest prominent Democrat to stake out his differences with the president.
The schools, which were created in 1997, faced opposition from residents who said that having a concentration of violent students would harm their neighborhoods.
It depends on how much of a cheapskate you are, but these stocks are great companies.
The Mariners' Museum, Warwick and J. Clyde Morris Blvds.
He graduated from Iowa State Teachers College in 1940, and then earned graduate degrees from the University of Virginia and Columbia University.
Yet as President Bush prepares to meet with President Kim Dae Jung of South Korea in Seoul this week, the two countries have developed sharply different strategies for dealing with Pyongyang.
Rows of storefronts on Main Street remain empty.
Mr. Annan said Mr. Bush's uncompromising remarks showed that the American administration was engaged in a ''psychological game'' with Mr. Hussein, one that could be useful in persuading Mr. Hussein to cooperate unconditionally.
Most said they hoped the parliament would improve the economy, end corruption by senior ministers and give people a voice.
It misreads Koolhaas to think that he wants to transform society.
From 1972 to 1976, Mr. Zarrella attended the N.Y.U.
And to prove America's ability to implement such a vision, the administration must demonstrate a new resolve to secure and rebuild Afghanistan.
Transit officials agree, and that is why they were stressing the importance of clear and timely announcements to riders more than ever, said Paul Fleuranges, a spokesman for New York City Transit.
infection in communities with a large number of minorities and supporting victims of domestic violence.
And the mother said, ''I will do it if it will make it possible for me to see my children through school.''
That idea soon looked doubtful, and the founders went back to the drawing board.
It's another thing entirely to be overcome by a Reuters article about a cloud of pollution two miles thick -- a ''toxic cocktail of ash, acids, aerosols and other particles'' -- that is choking the skies of southern Asia and presenting a peril to millions of pairs of lungs.
Concerned about shareholder suits and a continuing criminal investigation into Enron's collapse, Mr. Fastow often confers with a posse of lawyers and advisers, his spokesman says.
TRAIL BLAZERS 81, SONICS 80: Derek Anderson hit a 3-pointer with 1.4 seconds left to give host Portland a victory over Seattle.
The truth couldn't be more opposite in terms of how it's affected my life.''
''We try to ensure that people who violate the law are held accountable,'' Steven R. Reed, a spokesman for the Bronx district attorney, Robert T. Johnson, said yesterday.
Mr. Roman, a sandy-haired soccer jock, jumped into the cab of his blue Ford F-550 recently, a pickup truck the size of a locomotive, and drove to the top of the cliffs of Dover, N.J., to show off the view from his new house.
In the not-so-distant past, Mr. Bowery influenced Vivienne Westwood, Viktor & Rolf and Rei Kawakubo of Comme des Garçons.
Typically the warheads are attached to shoulder devices or rockets to launch them.
Estimates run upward of $1 billion a year, including security costs, even as the country struggles with its most severe economic crisis in decades.
They were arrested in Zirikot, in Farah Province, brought to Kandahar, then taken into custody by American military officials, who appear to have spent the time since trying to establish who they are.
''Sandy thought he was a good strategist,'' said an executive close to Mr. Weill.
Both Mr. Rasul and Mr. Iqbal had tastes and habits unremarkable for British teenagers until they decided to become more focused on their religion.
Insurance reimbursement rates have not kept up with the cost of giving mammograms, so that providing a mammogram is at best a break-even, but more often, a money-losing procedure for doctors.
The Garden Cafeteria, where Isaac Bashevis Singer set his short story ''The Cabalist of East Broadway,'' is a Chinese restaurant.
That offer would have provided $6 million for Napster creditors and nothing for investors, who have put in $17.1 million.
It remains there past the F.D.R.
Then came Dutch elm disease and the rest is history.''
Visiting hours will be held on Tuesday from 2-4 & 79 PM at Van Hise & Callagan Funeral Home, 812 Arnold Avenue, Point Pleasant Beach.
Medicare generally does not pay for prescription drugs used outside the hospital, and the government says that 27 percent of the 40 million Medicare beneficiaries have no insurance for such costs.
Directed by Rob Cohen (PG-13, 110 minutes).
Whether efficiently rattling off invitations on the phone or exploding in a sublime moment of exasperation as her guest list falls apart, Ms. Ebersole fully summons the sense of a woman who lives completely and blindly by an iron-cast, circumscribed social code.
Available at Restoration Hardware, www.restorationhardware.com, or (888) 243-9720 for stores.
The School of Economics central accommodations office is at (44-207) 955 7575; Web site, www.lse.ac.uk/vacations.
ChevronTexaco had one-time costs of $753 million, including the write-down of its Dynegy stake and merger expenses.
They collect more revenue -- about $22 billion a year in duties and fees -- than anyone but the tax man.
In the next step in the war on terrorism, we're likely in the coming months to invade Iraq in ways that will terrorize civilians there.
If the '64 Impala convertible is the holy grail of lowrider cars, the two-wheeled equivalent is an early-60's Schwinn Sting-Ray.
The calls, which Mr. Etra said in court were attempted from Chicago and Springfield, Ill., apparently did not go through.
But political problems arose after the former king seemed to suggest in several interviews that he would be a candidate for leader of Afghanistan.
Then they had a few more.
Drinking was forbidden during construction and at the burning.
''I think it was Palladio who said that all architecture aspires to be as beautiful as a crystal,'' said the architect, who was born in Poland, is a United States citizen and bases his practice in Berlin.
Mrs. King said: ''My father had become combative.
In fact, he said, it represented weakness.
The Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, the largest rebel group, known by its Spanish acronym, FARC, currently holds five members of Congress, several of whom were placed on the ballot anyway.
There must have been 30 suitcases.
On the streets between 42nd and 60th that are open for turns, ''no standing except trucks loading and unloading'' regulations will govern both sides of the street, rules that officials think will add up to 150 more truck-loading spaces.
Spenser's wheelchair has several major flaws.
No matter who took his town, he decided, his life would be in peril.
I told him, according to Buddhist belief, perhaps in your past life you had done a lot of good, so in this life you haven't experienced much suffering.''
It was the last time I ever saw him.
because of their financial conditions.
The front page should be left for major issues that really affect us.
Shares of OSI Pharmaceuticals, which is in the final stage of clinical trials for a similar drug it is developing with Roche and Genentech, rose $1.26, or 5.9 percent, to $22.56.
Jarvis and the Red Storm had no choice but to put the ball in their star's hand.
She pointed to a zebra-print silk.
What remains is a female Ozymandias, standing tall and firm on her feet, her message mystery rather than edict.
Mr. Welch's prenuptial agreement -- which limited a financial settlement in case of divorce -- ran out six months before he left her, so Mrs. Welch stands to receive half of his considerable assets.
''It's an intuitive response to the subject,'' she said when asked how she decided which pile of junk to paint.
It is, as far as she knows, the only commercial venture here devoted to helping the mentally ill. A small victory is worth noting, Mr. Lorenc said: so far, any angry, irrational outbursts have not come from the employees.
By simulating attacks on those targets, the pilots would improve their fighting skills and prepare for a possible war with Baghdad.
In his two years at Salomon, Mr. Boss said, it was standard for investment bankers who pitched securities transactions to clients to promise research coverage, if the companies were not covered already.
Spurrier may start Danny Wuerffel, who played quarterback for Spurrier with the Gators and who has been unimpressive as a professional.
Her electrolytes were out of whack, but that happens in all bodies after death.
A joint venture between De Beers, the biggest diamond company in the world, and LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton, the French luxury- goods purveyor, plans to set up shop on Fifth Avenue.
The victory was Quigley's second this year and seventh on the Senior PGA Tour.
9 seeding and will face No.
Such is the arrogance of Detroit's economic power that its leaders often seem to see the nation's interests less as parallel than rival to their own, one reason why their sense of social responsibility would do a 19th-century coal baron proud.
Patterson was arrested at his home Nov. 25 after his wife, Shannon, called 911 and reported that her husband had assaulted her.
He married Doris Oetjen of New York, NY, on June 10, 1949.
He suggested that politicians in Washington were using Saddam Hussein as a convenient distraction.
''He's a Charlie Ward and Michael Vick style of quarterback,'' Berry said.
A lot of bumps and bruises, nothing worse.
Worse for the Rangers, eighth-place Montreal, which has 73 points, has two games in hand.
''There was stuff before, but it was not for our demographic.
It even helped to forge a sense of national identity by reinforcing the notion that Americans were a chosen people, beneficiaries of God's special grace.
A nightstand version is $1,200.
Pop, we will miss your strength and your smile.
At the other end of the grove are a cork tree from Iran, a cluster of tall Asian timber trees known as toons and one of the rarest in the collection, a Persian Parrotia, a V-shaped beauty.
For a moment, after his struggles off the tee again put him in trouble, it looked as though he might drop another hole to McCarron, who was already two up and facing a good chance to birdie the vulnerable par 5.
This third installment of the ''Austin Powers'' franchise is a very funny shambles, embellished with amusing celebrity cameo bits that range from Steven Spielberg to the Osbournes and jam-packed with clever puns and puerile double-entendres.
I started putting mine together on a recent trip to the City of Light.
Peterson joins them about 30 minutes or so into practice, standing on the sidelines in blue sweat pants and watching them, often with a playlist in his hand.
White House officials denied that the president had gotten ahead of the administration's planned announcement, saying he was the one who decided how and when information was dispersed.
In another bowl, cream the butter and 4 1/2 cups of sugar until fluffy.
Scientists say they believe that the hippocampus plays an active role in registering not only events, but also their context, an important task in the face of danger.
Only after federal regulators said they planned to audit these reimbursements to make sure they were proper did Mr. Barbakow say the company had been overly aggressive in pricing.
''By -- call it environment, if you will -- I wanted to show people the next step.''
But on Wednesday night, it became apparent that the International Association of Machinists, which represents the largest labor group, wanted to conduct its own talks.
Besides challenging the award as disproportionate, State Farm v. Campbell, No.
The brokerage firms he covers are ''very comfortably in the black and there are no individual firms that have lost money,'' Mr. Trone said.
Discussion of China's current problems often hinges on classical, Western views of development, with scholars debating whether French radicals or British gradualists are better models for reform.
We will miss the Ambassador, his wisdom, humor and gentleness.
From 1993 to 1997, Coca-Cola was available as an import.
But if Ron Dixon comes back to play for the 49ers game -- and Giants Coach Jim Fassel estimated the chances at 60 to 70 percent -- San Francisco will at least have to prepare for and honor the threat Dixon presents.
But I managed to convince him that I was telling the truth about my lack of funds.
He called it Books & Books.
Jake Young, 34, a lawyer and former football all-American at the University of Nebraska, was in Bali to play in a weekend rugby tournament.
How can I tell my son he lost his wife and his children?''
Why on this table are the children's Passover books creative in story and illustrations while on that table most of the children's Easter books are interchangeable?
''Republican senators must either re-confirm their confidence in Senator Trent Lott's leadership or select a new leader.''
Mr. Patwardhan, 52, was born and educated in Bombay, where he still lives.
The man convicted in the massacre of five workers at a Wendy's restaurant in Queens spoke publicly yesterday for the first time since the murders two and a half years ago, saying ''I am sorry'' to a jury deciding whether he should be put to death and to a tense courtroom filled with his victims' relatives.
For many years, state law allowed 16-year-olds to take a written exam to receive their learner's permit and take a road test 10 days later for a junior license.
It's up to each and every player to make the effort to try to get this sport where it was in the mid-90's.
There are big, funky rubber flowers in neon colors, casts of turbulent water in blue rubber, small bronze sculptures suggestive of Indian deities and a set of elegant, stupa-shaped ceramic vessels (Johnson).
Mr. Reilly's income every two weeks was close to $700, of which $233 was taxable.
If a team wants to be successful, that's what you need for it to be.''
The Pirates have lost four consecutive games and are 15 games under .500, their low point this season.
While glow cars are still a niche interest, they may prefigure the wider automotive future.
He escaped from Nazi occupied Poland, and joined the second Polish Corps in the Middle East during World War II, where he served as a lieutenant and fought in the campaigns of Tobruk and Monte Cassino.
''We fly below the radar screen of the big boys and look for underutilized properties that can be turned around,'' Mr. Bashaw said.
Consequently, Cuban restaurants are relatively few, and good Cubanos are hard to find, although Dominican and other Hispanic-Caribbean restaurants are likely to offer Cubanos on their menus.
Instead, Mr. Levy outlined some possible savings in administrative costs yesterday and suggested shifting revenue from the federal government or other sources to cover expenses now paid for by the city.
That is precisely what Claudio Reyna received from Jens Jeremies in the opening minutes of the World Cup four years ago.
tournament next week with a 19-game winning streak, the best in the nation.
''I could ask Gannon on the field, 'You like this play?'
Dracunculiasis, commonly known as Guinea worm disease, occurs in just 13 countries around the world.
The Knicks have had their top nine players for only six games this season -- all of them under Chaney -- and they went 4-2 during that stretch.
So the Twins did not get the quick payoff of Prior or the ulcers of Teixeira's injury.
When Mr. Welch retired from General Electric in early September 2001, its shares traded at $39.66; on Friday, they closed at $24.75.
In his eyes, CBS has not given the help he needs to regain ratings supremacy.
''This community has a commitment to the environment, period.
Toomer, with 5,252 career receiving yards, needs 183 to pass Frank Gifford and become the club's all-time leader.
Mr. Maazel has said in recent interviews that he views this post as the culmination of his career.
''There is no longer the passion of a honeymoon, but there has not been a filing for divorce,'' said the Rev.
Camden was well on its way to oblivion when the state legislature voted earlier this year to invest $175 million in a recovery plan aimed at turning Camden into Campus Town, building on the medical centers and extension campuses that are already located in the city.
1, will next play Jan-Michael Gambill, who defeated Andre Sa of Brazil, 7-5, 6-3.
''I remember telling Ibrahim right after Sept. 11, 'You better shave off your beard or you'll be mistaken for one of Osama's men!'
''A lot of times in deals like this people will say that it's not about the money,'' Patrick McCabe, Diallo's agent, said yesterday by phone from Jiddah, Saudi Arabia.
DUKE OF EGYPT By Margriet de Moor.
''We don't like guns, we don't pray, we don't believe in Christ.
A star (*) indicates a left-handed pitcher.
Mr. Mohebbi received 30,000, or 2 percent.
''In this economy, in recession with no upturn in sight?
''I never thought I would see this in my lifetime, but I am elated and believe this is an extraordinary step that could begin to heal the mistrust that has developed over the years between the Trumbull police and the minority community,'' said the Rev.
The Devils were 2 of 4 on the power play, their first goals with a man advantage since Nov. 27 in Detroit.
Dearest Mama Ruthie, Happy 1st Birthday in Heaven with Suki, Irene, Bama & Grampa.
These included Carefree Beauty, probably his best known, a large, shrub with medium pink, semi-double blossoms that is still among the most popular of Buck's creations.
Still, a round-the-clock effort helped reopen it in just five days.
Our generous country allows more legal immigration then the rest of the world combined.
''I enjoy doing that,'' Mr. Deutsch said, adding that there has been ''a surprising amount of interest'' in his hosting stints in the form of ''calls from some of the networks.''
Tuesdays through Sundays, 8 a.m. to 6 p.m.; Saturdays and Sundays, 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. Free.
His responsibilities will include government relations as well as the media.
When Holly Osman of Edgemont, who doesn't send snacks to her children, sent a stuffed animal to her daughter at Camp Fernwood in Maine, a counselor grew suspicious when she felt something hard deep inside.
For the coming semester, resident undergraduates will pay about $153 a credit hour in educational fees, plus $45 a credit hour in computing, health and activity fees.
We sadly note the passing of our friend.
Erinsouthernman was another three lengths back in third.
Our plan was to leave midday Tuesday and head west to Asheville for a brief stop at the historic Biltmore Estate, the 19th-century Vanderbilt mansion, before checking in at the Grove Park Inn Resort and Spa, a 90-year-old stone hotel overlooking the Pisgah Mountains in the Appalachian chain.
He turns to his mother-in-law (Kathy Bates) for support, but nothing can make him open and read his wife's suicide note.
The XC90's roof is constructed to resist being crushed in a rollover.
He needs to maintain his aggressiveness without the aggression.
She also endowed a professorship at the University of Pennsylvania and a chair for Alzheimer's research at Mount Sinai Hospital in Manhattan.
He was rebuffed, rebuked and snubbed in the most emphatic way by Tony Battie.
In any case, he said, the Catholic Church had maintained dioceses in Russia as recently as the 18th century, giving today's announcement historical precedent.
Mr. Guerrera had a sure-fire argument to use when asking for his wife's indulgence.
At the core of Homestore's accounting problems, which were first disclosed less than two months later, was its heavy reliance on unreported barter transactions, the company said.
This is a harder question to answer than you might think, since there are some tricky statistical issues, but at least it might help clarify the terms of the debate.
Investors responded with enthusiasm to the opening of trading today in shares of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Holdings, the first major United States financial exchange to go public; the share price rose more than 22 percent.
The banana pudding, strictly traditional, sells out fast.
He and Mr. Jiang have for the most part presented a united front in the campaign against terrorism and their desire to open up American talks with North Korea.
Her celebrity, which she jokes about, and her willingness to tell her story, which she has never apologized for, have cost her.
Those were the last words of the brief Oval Office appearance, and aides shooed reporters out before they could ask follow-up questions.
Ms. Mann said that the image of a diver in a huge canopy drifting all over was antiquated, and that the skydivers in Wildwood -- instructors and jumpers -- would be using chutes with sophisticated steering mechanisms.
The committee had apparently demanded more information from the accountants in February, and those demands may have led to the company's decision to disclose the family's borrowings in March, which precipitated the current crisis, several people close to the situation said.
''We have done significant testing, and the testing has determined that there is no risk to anyone working or living in the area,'' said Peter Thonis, a spokesman for Verizon.
Against the Redskins, Brown recorded an interception, a fumble recovery, six tackles and two passes defended.
He said that on that November weekend, he and Slavin drove to Reno to play blackjack and ''see a show.''
Brian Gionta churned his legs furiously, pushing himself through one of the Devils' more brutal skating drills today, the burn in his legs vividly translated by the wince on his face.
Air refueling missions: over 12,000.
Still, the market looks overcrowded.
Mr. Jemas made Joe Quesada, a highly respected artist and writer with a similar bad-boy style, editor in chief.
Barrow narrowed his eyes, mentioned how he felt as if he were in a dream state and tried to remember what happened in the game, and others around him tried to forget.
The prize was widely covered, with lengthy interviews in most of the Catalán and Spanish daily newspapers.
Each juror candidate is sent out of the courtroom before the lawyers vote to keep or dismiss him, but Mr. Adamo said he was sure Mr. Benedict had rejected him.
The Canadian maker of small commercial aircraft, Bombardier, said it was no longer interested in buying a European rival, Fairchild Dornier.
On the set, by G. W. Mercier, you can see through the walls of the saloon to the chaos outside.
For a long time, it was her only desk.
Information: (888) 454-9005 or www.stregisaspen.com.
They start with a data set that tracks individual reports on occupation and weight.
''American Indians as Artists: The Beginnings of the State Museum's Ethnographic Collection.''
Astana, a nondescript Soviet-era town in the windswept steppe, has acquired upscale hotels, glittering bars and huge supermarkets since it became the capital in 1997.
The Osbournes were so entertaining on the program last year that MTV asked them if they would be willing to do something more ambitious.
Mr. Tocci, who then ran as a Republican, defeated Mr. Bramson in the November election.
Mr. Hensler moved to New York in 1965, hoping to find a job in the record business.Eventually he landed a position at Vox, then a budget classical label.
Robert Tulloch sat expressionlessly, and James Parker wept as the daughters and friends of the Dartmouth College couple they had stabbed to death talked about their loss just before each teenager was sentenced to prison today for the murders.
Barring a new downturn, Port St. Lucie's biggest problem will be handling traffic, Mayor Bob Minsky said.
Claire Basel, a travel agent and self-described patriotic soul, wrote letters to newspapers about the village's fussing with her flag.
But when President Bush made fun of David Gregory, the White House correspondent for NBC, for asking a question in French of President Jacques Chirac of France at a news conference by the two leaders on May 27 in Paris, it seemed an excellent opportunity to take a closer look at Mr. Bush's foreign language, Spanish, and the politics of using it.
In the case of one priest, the Rev.
All week, Ervin, Robeson's senior leader, stayed after practice working on his jump shot, taking up to 200 extra shots a day.
Those present cheered Mr. Clinton when he arrived at the restaurant City Hall on Duane Street.
Today four rockets were fired at Pakistani checkpoints in North Waziristan, several miles from today's attack.
Parodying her New Age-like interests, he wrote a monologue about a woman much like her who tells her husband that their new house in Westchester requires ''a $10,000 deck so I can meditate and keep in touch with my lack of needs.''
His professor liked it and so he sent it to The New Yorker, where it was deemed too long, and to Knopf, where it was deemed too short.
Keith Olbermann sent his first audition tape off to the Pittsburgh Penguins when he was 14.
Mr. Caperton dismisses any suggestion that the SAT is turning into its rival, pointing out that ACT announced plans for an optional writing segment after the College Board unveiled similar blueprints; the board was also first in deciding to stop flagging scores of disabled students who get extra test time.
That bill has advanced farther than many others: a conference committee has resolved several differences in House and Senate versions.
'': the music lurches forward in fits and starts while the lead singer Serj Tankian howls about ''self-righteous suicide.''
THE SCORING -- What makes biathlon tricky for the novice spectator is the shooting.
''Well, this was the Meadowlands,'' said Mr. McDonough, a reference both to the sometimes sordid politics at play here and the desolation of the marshes sometimes treated as a garbage dump.
A selective listing by critics of The Times of new or noteworthy opera, classical music and dance events this weekend in the Northeast.
Instead, these are families with young children and no place to call home who are desperate enough to subject themselves to the dehumanizing effects of life in a city shelter.
Crew members also wore suits called the Kleen Guard Ultra ''to prevent any static that might cause the dust to attach itself to the suit,'' Ms. Myers said.
''We love the contradictions the glass wall creates, the feeling of an inside-outside space,'' Ms. Webster said.
As a result, there's a lot of comparison shopping for last-minute tickets.
But the soaring cost of prescription drugs threatens to price these miracle cures out of the reach of ordinary Americans.''
What really makes matters difficult is the habitual urge to take things apart and see how they work, which is essential to a critic but often lethal to a novelist: the equivalent of removing a car's engine while you're driving it.
The Glazers might have gotten their way, but they just might lose McKay, who is now powerless in the organization and trying to leave.
''From my experience, I'll tell you in one sentence: the money will go to the owners,'' said Santa Jesus, 51, a Dominican immigrant who has been driving a yellow cab for almost 30 years.
Democrats, meanwhile, have used the $100 million figure to accuse him of gouging his customers.
Britain's procedure did not carry any criticism, implied or otherwise, over the American treatment of prisoners, the spokesman said.
One man kept wiping blood from my face.
And the novel is most interesting whenever it veers away from the music world entirely, which isn't often enough.
It can be seen at the New York Botanical Garden, which has an allée of mature tulip trees leading up to the library building.
On Friday Justice Cropper ruled that prosecutors had failed to prove that the officers would be endangered if their names were revealed in the case against Fabian Joseph, 40, accused last year of selling $10 bags of cocaine in Washington Square Park.
Various countries requested live deer about the same time they were seizing parts of what China considered its empire -- like Burma, Turkestan and Vietnam.
Roderick MacLeish Jr., a lawyer for Gregory Ford, who is suing Cardinal Law for his role in the case of the Rev.
''You have not had the president articulate why Saddam Hussein needs to be removed,'' said Lee Hamilton, the former Democratic congressman who now heads the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars.
The matter has been sent to a judge, who will have final say.
American steel built the railroads and bridges that keep our country connected.
At one point, 11 children lived in her home, including three adopted children, one with cerebral palsy.
'' Among the results were the photo of Brando and the garbage.
No charges have been filed in the incident, which prosecutors said is still being investigated.
Karl acknowledged that black coaches had been treated unfairly.
Dr. Braverman and Ms. Friedlaender, who participates in the museum visits, also ask them to paint a picture of what they think is going on without sneaking a peek at the descriptive plaque next to each work of art.
Yasir Arafat, the Palestinian leader, said it showed ''the real intentions of those who give these orders.''
That is a question that the survivors still ask themselves.
'In a room in the Savoy.'
The Jefferson County report had originally concluded that both gunmen shot at Daniel and that Mr. Klebold shot him at close range.
The lore of theater, like that of Ovid, has its own cruel tales of transmutation, of little shows that got lost in big palaces, and there was anxious speculation on how ''Metamorphoses'' might translate in a Broadway setting.
Yet Japan's is a genuinely depressed economy.
Be that as it may, everybody winds up battling on top of a monument in Budapest.
The Life chair was engineered in New Zealand by Formway Design to be highly flexible, with the fewest possible knobs and levers.
''I don't believe that the incumbent has that much political experience, either,'' Mr. Heller said, ''except for what he has gotten through Clarence Norman.''
US Airways said it would file a restructuring plan with the bankruptcy court in mid-December.
He acknowledged that life for most New Jersey commuters had ''not been easy,'' with crowded trains and unappealing routes to rush through once they were off the trains.
And broad-based plans do not need the same approval from shareholders as plans issued solely to the top five executives, thus allowing extravagant options packages for those top executives.
The players are quick to note that the Brewers are in the middle tier and would benefit from the Selig plan, either by receiving more money from the pool of local revenue or paying out less if their new park continues to enhance their revenue.
Although Mr. Mondavi eventually decided not to invest, he gave technical advice, and Mr. Horgan plunged ahead on his own, starting, he confessed, ''with a blank sheet of paper, without even knowing what I didn't know.''
They cracked jokes about photographers following Kidd around.
In these the element of seduction came across more in Mr. Baitzer's firm, warm touch.
CLEMSON 58, CINCINNATI 51: Edward Scott scored all of his 20 points in the second half as host Clemson continued its best start in seven seasons.
''When their businesses come back, their growth rates aren't going to be that exciting,'' he said.
''I haven't been told not to cover it,'' she said.
They had been told so often by environmental activists that there must be some relation between breast cancer rates here and one or another chemical pollutant that it became received wisdom; no doubters were tolerated.
Hot cheese hors d'oeuvres will be served.
''At a time when six million Zimbabweans are without adequate food supplies, the government of Zimbabwe's eviction of commercial farmers and thousand of farm workers is a reckless and reprehensible act,'' Philip T. Reeker, a State Department spokesman, said in a statement on Friday.
Penn plays today at Cornell.
St. John's earned a reputation as a one-man team in the free-shooting Hatten, and an erratic one at that.
If you need an extra fix of Douglas's signature coconut cream pie, with its toasted coconut overcoat, duck into the Dahlia Bakery, 2001 Fourth Avenue (206-441-4540).
''If you walk like a duck and quack like a duck, you're a duck,'' Mr. James said.
It's probably best when perusing this show to focus on just a handful of paintings, most of them small.
President Ronald Reagan picked Dr. C. Everett Koop for his strong opposition to abortion.
But Mr. Eifman had big ideas.
''There's a reluctance among the fans to truly believe.
The government ordered the increased isolation of Mr. Arafat on Thursday evening, hours after a suicide bomber exploded in a Tel Aviv bus, killing five people immediately.
Along with expanding big payments for grain and cotton farmers, the measure would also expand the food stamp program and restore the right of legal immigrants to receive them.
has a cachet that Camden County College simply cannot match.
The other is the creative genius.
The .Net brand (pronounced dot-net) is Microsoft's approach to a computer industry market called Web services.
Armenians have long considered the deaths as attempted genocide, while the Turkish government has continued to maintain that the operations were no more than a tragic consequence of warfare.
The Giants' defense had performed exceptionally, frustrating Rams quarterback Kurt Warner and scoring a touchdown with an interception return, but the St. Louis offense was relentless; Collins knew the defensive players were exhausted.
That was a very good sign.''
''With India breathing down his neck, there is no way Musharraf is going to dismantle them now.''
''Our planes are full but our company is losing money every day,'' said Mr. Wojcik, who voted for the concessions package.
But its new president, John Sexton, asked the adjuncts to vote no on unionization.
The move brought Sun's Java business, and its operating systems and applications, into a unified organization.
is going to be tougher than people are telling James.
A device sold by the Swiss medical technology company Sulzer Medica that tests heart valves was pulled from the British market after a patient died when a piece of the device broke off during surgery, the company said.
Call this an ''I told you so'' kind of story.
Ultimately, his artistry may have had a democratic aim.
Nearly everything seems as flat and two-dimensional as construction paper, as if this were ''The Graduate: The Board Game.''
Congress responded with a flurry of New Deal legislation, including the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which created the commission to keep watch over investment banks and the stock exchanges to ensure the efficiency and fairness of public markets.
The CB Richard Ellis statistics show that Stamford and Greenwich have a combined vacancy rate of 14 percent and that the sector with the lowest rate, 12.4 percent, is Eastern Fairfield, consisting of Bridgeport, Fairfield, Shelton, Stratford and Trumbull.
But tragedy always has a glorious thing happen at the end of it.
On the 51st floor, three court officers felt the violent lurch and decided to get out.
The team responded to Farmer's shake-up with a better performance, but the defense had no answers for Atlanta strikers Charmaine Hooper and Cindy Parlow as the Beat topped the Power, 2-0, at the Mitchel Field Athletic Complex.
''And,'' Mr. Rosenthal recalled, ''it was raining.''
''I am perfectly willing,'' he says, ''to spend many times the price of the fare to pursue this.''
Tonight and tomorrow night at 9, with Tijuana Strip Club opening; tickets are $25 in advance, $30 the day of the show (Pareles).
But the museum's permanent collection also includes works by such contemporaries as Gauguin (whom he fervently admired), Bonnard, Kandinsky, Degas, Picasso, Tsugoharu Foujita, Matisse, Dufy and Duchamp.
Ms. Harris shows shots of New York City dissolved into patterns of light; in Ms. Millett's installation, upwardly mobile dreams and on-the-skids reality meet; Mr. Wiley's paintings of African-American men combine portraiture and stereotypes, leaving the line between the two ambiguous.
''It is frankly a far tougher criterion than I suspect I would go out with, with a shopping list for my spouse,'' he said.
For more than three decades, the National Campaign for a Peace Tax Fund has petitioned the federal government for a way to earmark the tax revenues that would go to the military -- usually around 50 percent -- for nonmilitary purposes, like education or health care.
''He's the best player in college,'' Marbury said.
Yet the city's poverty rates declined only modestly.
That, William E. Tager told the police, was why he came to New York City from his North Carolina home in August 1994 and tried to get into an NBC studio in Rockefeller Center with a rifle.
Third, the marines plan to break up into units of as few as 30, who will operate independently, much like the American, Australian and British commando teams that have been hunting for roving bands of Qaeda and Taliban fighters in the Khost region for months.
In that regard, it is like foot-and-mouth disease, which is debilitating to livestock but has little effect on humans, Dr. Breitmeyer said.
''In short, the very premises upon which this proposed merger rest are themselves without foundation,'' Mr. Powell said.
Here the claim for historical authenticity seems as much about marketing -- justifying the demolition of a sentimentally regarded landmark -- as about design inspiration.
But so far the policy appears to be backfiring.
Mr. Cuno is succeeding Eric Fernie, the Courtauld's director since 1995, who will become a research fellow at the Getty Research Institute.
''It's disappointing for him and for the event,'' said Pete Sampras, a seven-time Wimbledon champion.
Mr. Lubbers declined to comment on Mr. Wendt's plans.
The agreement says that for the rest of his life the government may immediately and unilaterally capture and detain Mr. Lindh as an ''enemy combatant'' should it determine that he has engaged in any of a score of crimes of terrorism.
Wendy's executives had thought consumers would consider it unseemly or exploitive to continue running ads that featured the avuncular founder.
Yao's agents are working to complete an agreement with China's pro league that would allow Yao, a 7-foot-5 center, to be drafted next week.
The Central Intelligence Agency also held high-level consultations with the leaders of the Kurdish minority that now rules in northern Iraq.
Florida appeared to have staved off another election calamity today, but at a cost of millions of dollars and with police departments overseeing the voting.
I rushed to the blade-sharpening place in town, but was informed that the situation was hopeless.
Working with Community Board 1, the alliance developed its own East River plan last year that accounted for a reconfigured Guggenheim museum.
Since the success of ''O Brother, Where Art Thou?''
First, because now the awareness of the reality of international terrorism is known by all Americans and has increased their alertness.
Some House Republicans also said they intended to press for other legislation, including a proposal to give the Securities and Exchange Commission the same sort of powers to seize assets of corporate wrongdoers as the federal government has to confiscate assets of drug dealers.
Mr. Rumfeld's saltiest epithet is ''dadburn,'' but aides know they are in real trouble when he begins by saying, ''I have a minimum of high regard for .
''When you put the pieces together, what does Verizon do that we can't do?''
They have a lineup of veteran stars who decorated several Olympic rosters in February and will no doubt reunite in the Hockey Hall of Fame when their careers conclude.
It brings $11 billion into the American economy each year through the nearly 550,000 students who live and study here.
''In February the mayor redefined the budget of the mayor's office to make it more transparent and accurately reflect its staffing, while at the same time making a 20 percent reduction in expenses and headcount,'' said Jordan Barowitz, a spokesman for the mayor.
No physician ever says: ''You're fine, go away, don't come back.''
Analysts, viewing the example of Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia -- another company tied to the personality of a single person -- were blunt about the effect of future performance on the deal.
Yesterday evening, Mr. Chai said that Mr. Klein decided to change the deadline after learning how few students had signed up and after consulting with Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg, who now controls the school system.
Through Nov. 2: ''Romeo and Juliet.''
Mr. Sheridan was a captain of the school's lacrosse and soccer teams while a student and remained active in sports after graduation, mixing his day job as a salesman with stints coaching or refereeing lacrosse.
His nationality could not be determined.
After 15 years of fighting the tobacco industry through legislation, elementary school lectures and self-financed advertising campaigns, Mr. Cherner was savoring his greatest victory yet: the likely passage of a bill that would ban smoking in all New York City workplaces, including bars, restaurants and dance clubs.
From the right haircut, superwhite teeth and trim abdomen, to where one is seated at which restaurant, ''these things aren't musts -- they're critical,'' he said.
With big, interdisciplinary ideas -- like continental drift or species extinctions or Dr. Vertosick's life-as-a-network -- scientists sometimes don't agree until a lot of tests, taken together, build into a case.
What was becoming lost in the frenzy, the organizers theorized, was family time to establish rituals and emphasize values.
But on television, with the emergence of new networks and proliferation of cable, there is a tendency to design shows for very specific audiences, which creates a new kind of segregation.
How many readers ever heard about the flap, several years ago, over Mr. Lott's association with the racist Council of Conservative Citizens?
Meanwhile, we will have not only Master's Madness to deal with in the new year.
Besides his fiscal plan, Mr. Suozzi's other fixation is ''changing the culture'' in the county seat here.
Besides, said Francis Facciolo, a cigar-smoking lawyer, ''people who work in bars choose that kind of work.
Noting that traffic stretched back into Westchester, he said, ''I think people are trying to get an early start.''
Kay and Benjamin are 30-somethings who float on the margins of the New York film scene.
Cardinal Bernard F. Law said today in a letter that he would remain as archbishop of Boston, despite a steadily rising clamor of calls for him to resign in the face of a scandal over sexually abusive priests.
In his recent series of small collages, the tourist has checked his cultural baggage.
For the first time, Mr.
But for Mr. Allen, it seems that life is imitating art imitating life in a sort of unpleasant way these days.
It's just not the same.''
He later said he expects to spend much of his first year ''being a very effective opponent.''
The youngest winner was an economist, Sendhil Mullainathan, 29, who in this era of Wall Street scandals studied the phenomenon of growing executive compensation.
They are under pressure from corporate parents whose stock prices are lagging and from stars demanding higher salaries.
As one of the far-flung band of people who have posted listings on the Web site of NYC Wireless, he invites those within range to use the bandwidth streaming into his house through a D.S.L.
But what do you do with a pool?
This New Orleans group is doing what hundreds of bands should, or could, be doing: making explicit the musical connections among port cities along the Atlantic slave route, specifically the Africa-Brazil-Caribbean-New Orleans web tightened by Yoruban culture.
Even people in South Bend have shown Willingham love.
And yet, there's not one country in Europe whose industrial production didn't go down in November.
Frame is about a girl who is searching for her brother, who disappeared while looking for a writer who had been doing research on a mysterious mansion.
And he condemns the refusal of Médecins Sans Frontières to take a political position on Kosovo as arrogant.
The Jets and Cablevision, which owns the Garden, would pay for and operate the new complex.
''But even in these last two years,'' she said, ''I would like to believe that I have raised the bar on what public service can be.
His mother is a deputy attorney general for New Jersey in Newark.
There is an immediate bold step Ms. Fiorina and her board of directors could take to reduce the acrimony and encourage investor confidence in the combined entity's prospects.
''The Short Century'' deliberately presents a balancing view.
Longtime leader in Jewish education, a former chairman of the World Union of Jewish Students.
''I've had my Aerocar up to 11,000 feet,'' he said.
The show may be contained compared with the Armory Show, but it is a containment fraught with tension.
Companies usually do strategic deals.
In the diagramed deal from the McConnell World Women's Team semifinal in Montreal in August, Levitina and Sanborn were sitting East and West against a Dutch pair.
''We believe that actual avoiders of dentistry, that avoid dentistry at all stages, are somewhere around 25 million Americans, 8 to 15 percent of the population.''
The 15-story building owned by the City University of New York was hit by debris from 7 World Trade Center during what was supposed to be a time of celebration.
Ellington played duets with all comers, including the pianist Marian McPartland, the jazz producer George Wein and Willie (The Lion) Smith, Ellington's old tutor in stride piano.
''I believe, in this scandal, the tea party has been led by the media and the trial lawyers.
''I know he's not 100 percent, but I also think he has enough pride where he knows that he didn't play extremely well on Thursday,'' Coach Don Chaney said.
It shatters one's expectations that justice is going to be done.''
Asked why he put trees in one of his etchings, he said it gave him the chance to explore textures.
The Senate has taken no action on the bill.
But he said that he advised his staff the following day to return the money to each of the people listed as contributors.
Shortly after that, she auditioned in Seattle for a modeling job with 1,200 others, two of them her first cousins Tasherra and Tamara.
Larry Johnson, the veteran defensive line coach at Penn State, calls it ''a really good decision.''
On April 19, Representative Henry Waxman and I sent a letter to the task force asking just those questions.
Then, on the same possession, he had the ball just before the shot clock expired and threw up an air ball from 27 feet.
They have told us often how much your care and your concern means to them.
''He left no prescribed aesthetic,'' said Mr. Woods, who trained at the Royal Botanic Gardens at Kew, England.
RIVERDALE (3-0) defeated ST. JOHN THE BAPTIST (2-1) by 15-6.
Oklahoma cornerback Derrick Strait was credited with the pick, but his teammates on defense were responsible for taking down a Heisman Trophy candidate.
One would think that being acutely conscious of timing would be a weighty distraction for the actors.
''Good single-title operators can continue to survive if they manage their business well,'' he said.
Ms. Simpson finds shopping from ''Previous Orders,'' which displays her choices from recent orders, the fastest approach, and said that shopping expeditions with children in tow that used to take two hours can now be accomplished online in 10 minutes.
court, the fact that federal agents regularly misled it and Attorney General Ashcroft's worrisome proposals to expand the number and range of requests, Congress must begin holding hearings, some of them public, on how to fix the system.
Jim O'Rourke, who has collaborated with Sonic Youth and other avant-rockers, mixed the album.
Pulse machine on and off, using the coconut milk or the reserved liquids as necessary to form a thick paste.
Service on weekdays, when the companies do most of their business, will remain unchanged.
But shareholders did not need much convincing.
So Mr. Gilberto cycles through them until he is satisfied.
Petit Patapon's first full resort collection (some of it shown below) smacks of grown-up cabana chic, with bright floral swimsuits ($25 to $40), tiny beaded white moccasins ($34) and a white eyelet cotton dress ($56), all at www.petitpatapon.com.
''When your closer's out of his role, you don't realize how it affects your bullpen,'' Scioscia said.
He scored at will in the second half and defended Mike Bibby for most of the last three quarters, chasing the Kings point guard to all corners of the court, trying anything to disrupt the offense.
But DreamWorks had more than a thousand copies of the film ready to ship, and on the day after the nominations were announced there were suddenly 1,287 theaters showing ''American Beauty,'' Mr. Tharp said.
Instead, teachers focus on subjects they think are of interest to urban, often black and Hispanic students, like slavery, civil rights, the history of the Bronx and the Harlem Renaissance.
Geranne Ridge, a friend of Michael Kennedy's teenage lover, was not only inconsistent but repulsive, relying on supermarket tabloids to help her memory.
Ethel Merman, who knew about such things, wrote of the star of this remarkable one-woman show, ''Stritch's glands work overtime.''
Even in this wicked heat, he wore a white starched shirt, brown polyester pants, striped tie, white sneakers and a porkpie hat -- he had been to pay his taxes, and always likes to look sharp when he deals with the government.
This spared him from service in France, where Australia lost a further 53,000 troops in trench warfare.
''The thing that's so amazing is that any two teams in the world could play here, and you'd still fill the stands with fans, and the same intensity would be there,'' he said.
All three are in jeopardy.
One day, coming home from a business trip, he noticed that the formerly overgrown flowerbed in front of his condominium was suddenly resplendent with flowers.
''He wants people to use public transportation, but I wouldn't let a dog on the bus at night, let alone the wife.''
Jeter said he felt better, and he walked without a limp and ran in the outfield.
Being backstage at a sound check doesn't reveal much.
I tried to picture the look.
''The role represents something we didn't talk about much before and now we have a name for it.
City officials have said that according to terms of the current lease, such a change was solely a prerogative of the city.
Mr. Pataki, according to unofficial results, handily beat Mr. Golisano on the Conservative ballot line; Mr. Golisano was competing as a write-in candidate, a long-shot strategy.
What is one to do with such a rare beast except praise it?
Keane waived his no-trade clause to allow the deal.
''What are you going to put about where you live?''
What has propelled the ImClone case into late-night TV monologues is the involvement of that doyenne of all things tidy and decorous, Martha Stewart.
''I am going to watch that agencies losing staff or funds do not try to replicate what they give to homeland security just to keep their turf,'' he wrote.
They struggle in their different fashions to get by in a world that is differently alien to each -- to her because she is an oddly sheltered Russian parachuted into America; to him because after living as an easygoing drop-out it is time to find a way in.
Perhaps it's because senior executives get to participate firsthand.
So where do you go?''
5 in this week's U.S. College Hockey Online poll, scored first, with MIKE LALONDE beating josh BLACKBURN at 12 minutes 59 seconds of the first period.
Rangers goaltender Mike Richter was injured just over two minutes into the game.
So far, the White House has not come across anything that it intends to withhold from any review by the committee, Mr. Gonzales said.
In short order, though not overnight, the reputation of the commission was restored.
For those of us who think the nation has taken a disastrous wrong turn these past two years, Tuesday's election changed everything and nothing.
''Who knows what the fallout from that divergence is going to be,'' he said.
Roger Granet Dear Diary: As we were walking toward ground zero, we stopped with a rather large group of people for a traffic light to change.
In this novel named for a gem that is nothing and everything, this is what is true: Elba, the island itself, its rocks and gems.
Armed with hand-crank tree borers to take cores and a global satellite positioning system to mark the exact coordinates of each sample, the group hoped to emerge with the definitive word on what the swamp was or was not.
PREDICTION Giants 25, Eagles 18 TOMORROW 5 P.M. Kansas City Chiefs (8-7) at Oakland Raiders (10-5) This is a perfect game for prime time, a rivalry rich in tradition and ill feelings that stands at 41-41-2 all time.
Bills Price 99.575 99.146 High Rate 1.680 1.690 Investment Rate 1.712 1.727 Low Rate 1.63% 1.67% Median Rate 1.66% 1.67% Total applied for $34,339,029 $34,229,134 Accepted $21,322,089 $21,965,174 Noncompetitive $1,587,967 $1,383,699 Both issues are dated Aug. 1, 2002.
On a recent night, the small parking lot was jammed with BMW's, a Ferrari and a Bentley.
''I'm going to eat candy, rest, get off the practice court and just relax, relax, relax,'' Venus said after she and Serena defeated PAOLA SUÁREZ and VIRGINIA RUANO PASCAL, 6-2, 7-5. .
She graduated from what is now Juilliard School.
As part of its effort to promote local arts initiatives, Americans for the Arts holds an annual banquet at which it honors public officials who have used culture-related projects to help revitalize communities.
She and Charles then moved to Hackensack, spending their winters in West Palm Beach, FL.
Almost as quickly as the lead was built, however, it was squandered.
But then they admitted they issued the warning only 44 seconds before the crash.
Still, Senator Bernard F. Kenney Jr., a Democratic from Hoboken who is on the Budget Committee, said people underestimated how much influence Mr. McCormac had over the negotiations.
There's no voice coming from within.
''We have to change it and stay out of the box -- all of us,'' center Dave Scatchard said.
Vienna Colucci, program director for Amnesty International USA, said that under the Geneva Conventions, prisoners should be given complete latitude to practice their religions.
Funeral Mass at Our Lady Queen of Martyrs, Tuesday, at 9:30 AM.
Ravens, 21-19 PLAYER TO WATCH Ronde Barber CB, Buccaneers One Barber brother, Tiki, truly established himself as a premier back in football this season, even though he's been consistently good for several seasons.
A cherished treasure of wit, wisdom, talent and courage.
''We care what price we pay for stocks,'' he said.
But the science of body time is valid, and studies cited by the authors have shown these patterns: *The signs and symptoms of many illnesses vary over a 24-hour day.
''As complex as Enron is -- as far as who did what, who does what -- the Army is tougher,'' said Dan Goure, vice president of the Lexington Institute, a policy research group in Washington.
The Israeli Army had cleared Mr. Levy to visit the occupied city of Tulkarm.
In design, August is two restaurants in one, with a windowless rear dining room, encircled by a second-floor gallery, which feels like an expensive private library.
The shorthand term for that distinction is hypocrisy.
Eugene is the yellow-boy, like his maternal grandfather.
Hewitt is recovering from chicken pox and Capriati sustained a hip injury last week.
During the drought emergency, businesses and governments that used more than 1,000 gallons of water a day were asked to develop a plan to decrease water usage by 15 percent.
Soothing tapioca pudding needs no structural enhancement, nor does a bombe of fromage blanc sweetened with berry consommé.
''The fact that the government is not willing to acknowledge this is very a big problem,'' he said.
The baby is cyanotic, and the lack of oxygen, coupled with the use of forceps, causes brain damage.
And it's no substitute for the swift kick of Mr. King's campfire storytelling at is best.
Afghans have become as used to truncated nights as they have to war.
Ferns grew along the side of the wooded trail, and it was easy to imagine a coyote trotting down the path.
This one, nine pages plus footnotes, was made available by a nuclear industry expert who is seeking to have the industry take it to heart.
As he has in many other films, Mr. Loach brings a remarkable authenticity (and empathy) to his depiction of British working-class life.
He is a medical student, not a medical doctor.
Liberty Media, the cable television holding company controlled by John C. Malone, announced today that it no longer wanted to buy a stake in a television venture controlled by the Munich-based billionaire Leo Kirch.
Relentless peacemaker, romantic poet, creative visionary, a man of enormous substance and style.
Mac OS X imposes no copy protection, no Windows XP-style activation process and no risk of being locked out of your own PC if you upgrade too many of its components.
He is also survived by his four daughters, Sally D. Clement of New York City, Ellen D. Sturgis and Katherine D. Nielsen, both of Minneapolis, and Elizabeth Dovydenas, of Lenox, MA, and nine grandchildren.
It is what had gotten them to the brink of victory tonight.
''There is a serious charge they are investigating in the lawsuit, so for a period, which takes a long time unfortunately, you have to balance what you are doing or not doing.''
When he rejects her, she destroys his life in a series of improbable maneuvers and eventually turns homicidal.
The doctor did exploratory surgery and removed a spot on her lung.
The reporter described the library as full of the idle, as well as professional ghost writers at work on articles, speeches and sermons, ''cavernous-eyed, shabby, male and female.''
One is that he developed a number of medical conditions independently early in life, including colitis and osteoporosis.
But Ms. Iglesias, a freshman, has not let anyone visit her because she does not want her friends to know she is homeless.
The vote was widely seen as a reflection of frustration at the time with the Bush administration's dismissive attitude toward international organizations and treaties.
Officer Padilla, a 15-year veteran officer, then fired several times.
''I'm married to the turtles,'' said Sara Ramos, the woman who built the hot-pink turtle Jeep.
And the Beavers did it by defeating Bradley, the No.
Frank R. Lautenberg, who has led in virtually every poll since he became the Democratic nominee last month, was also greeted with polite but hardly overwhelming welcomes at campaign stops.
CNN, meanwhile, announced that henceforth it would only show the statements of suicide bombers or their relatives in extreme circumstances.
The premiere is called ''Prequel (a): Deconstruction of a Passion for Salsa,'' which seems essentially a fragmented flashback of early influences on the Puerto Rican-born Ms. Soto.
''Beelijoule,'' she said, and pointed to a man in the lobby -- Billy Joel.
Industry analysts suggested then that the move to eliminate the Saturday night stay could accelerate.
''And no one would believe it.
Funeral services Monday, noon, at Gutterman's, 175 Long Beach Road, Rockville Centre.
branch, pointed out that minority students still consistently lag behind white students in test scores -- though educators have cited income and parental involvement as other factors that can affect scores.
He himself travels with a laptop.
Workmen labored in the shell of the building, gutted to prepare for its reconstruction.
The allegations made by Human Rights Watch have caused concern in Washington, where Mr. Osorio has come under fire for months from some members of Congress and human rights groups.
A prison no longer, it has been renamed, hopefully, Village Democratie.
The operating system is a juggler, keeping several different programs running at once -- like balls in the air.
Julie Rice, sales coordinator at a Sam's Club in Beavercreek, Ohio, said in a deposition that she had been compensated for ''every minute of work'' she had done for Wal-Mart.
As much as Mr. Diller wants to do a big deal, be it on the Internet or in conventional media, he constantly talks about avoiding the ''big mistake'' -- the one wrong move that can destroy a company.
Often, he said, tag-team cars of paparazzi would follow him around town.
''He promoted and appointed people based on merit, ability and performance.''
Stephanie Cutter, a spokeswoman for Senator Edward Kennedy, said it was ''highly unlikely'' that such a request had been made.
The agreement did not cover the government's plan to privatize the system.
''That put a little more pressure on me to get off to a good start,'' Mickelson said, alluding to the scoreboards.
In a study published in The New England Journal of Medicine, Dr. Asbjorn Hrobjartsson reported that placebos were no more effective than doing nothing in a variety of medical illnesses like hypertension, asthma and obesity.
Until the 1980's, for example, a bottle of Hangman Red table wine from the Boeger Winery in Placerville featured a noose on its label that wound around images of grapes.
The mob started gathering in the morning.
MOSQUITOES either love you or they don't, and my sympathies if they do.
But they coexist with up-market boutiques, with names like Venuss Envy (frothy apparel) and Holy Sheet (linens).
Rain Bar, 80 Great Bridgewater Street, Manchester; (44-161) 235-6500.
But they will e-mail back and forth all the time.''
Ms. Barbuto said: ''I bought them for my sister.
Tired but obviously proud, others were more openly focused on marking the end of their nightmarish month.
The regulations adopted so far by the states, and those now pending at the F.T.C., fall well within what is constitutionally permissible.
The uninflected bright yellow filaments that cover the right panel of ''Teeo Teeo'' are far removed from real fur, their counterpart in nature.
In addition, there are pay sites like ScholarshipExperts.com, which charges annual fees starting at $29.95.
World figures for the priesthood are clear.
The Senate limit, if it survives negotiations with the House, will save $1.3 billion, which will go to the food stamp program and for agricultural research.
And at least one perk -- the sweetheart loans that many boards gave their top executives -- may be a thing of the past, because it was a revolving loan that allowed Kenneth L. Lay, the former head of Enron, to sell almost two million shares of company stock quietly.
U.S. Markets Are Closed on Monday United States financial markets and banks will be closed on Monday in observance of Labor Day.
''There must be some kind of difference between golf balls, or the pros wouldn't pick one over the other,'' he said.
''With the foreign players, of course, language can be a problem,'' Farmer said.
Her group is not saying that they should not be in business but that ''there should be more power to get rid of the bad ones.''
So it was with great enthusiasm that we began what we hope will be an annual tradition by taking our almost-4-year-old granddaughter, Ruby, to Radio City this year.
The result was that when the industry rebounded this year, Imax was in a position to announce some profits for a change.
The trustees had hoped to remain in the mansions, expanding them to provide more than makeshift space for a cafeteria and sports, science and art centers, but found that they were stymied by the restrictions imposed on landmark buildings and by financial considerations.
But, Mr. Thomas said, that day is not now and that place is not Newark.
''They are staring at the same sites with no progress being made on them, and there is no foreseeable end,'' he said.
''Yeah, I got to do something,'' he said, adding that the referees seemed to be restricting his aggressive play.
The Kodak digital camera is $5,000, while the Canon will sell for a staggering $9,000.
The mesmerizing feature of this lime green and white silk and satin dress is its long train that falls from the waist instead of the shoulders.
Mr. Leibner was not available for comment, but N. S. Bienstock released a statement saying the company was pleased with the judge's ruling but was not surprised by the result.
Less than half of 1 percent of the money set aside for the program went to the Big Three.
At Logan International Airport in Boston -- where the airplanes that struck the trade center took off -- operations halted for one minute.
Economic and technical changes pulled down the surplus estimates by $461 billion more.
The Chinese also invited Gazprom, the giant Russian energy company, to join a consortium developing the gas fields in western China, in a possible prelude to having the trans-China pipeline carry gas to Shanghai from far larger gas fields across the border in western Siberia.
Contributions to Physicians for Social Responsibility.
In addition to the two big operations, hundreds of coalition soldiers are also located in eight other locations across a 350-mile spread in Afghanistan as part of the American-led operation covered by the task force, Colonel Pease said.
June 21 at 7:30 p.m. Jimmy Buffett.
The new homes at Mountain Creek are indeed carefully designed and appointed.
Marlin Evans, here from Birmingham, Ala., to attend a convention of the Chartered Property and Casualty Underwriters Society, finished his ice cream cone one day last week at the Dolphin Fountain, a malt shop near the lobby.
Her former newspaper described her as ''a style writer who had only just joined ThisDay a few months back after a short journalism career'' in Britain.
the crowd reflected the anger and disbelief of many speakers, who charged that the city had failed to reward them for their work and sacrifice.
''We hope to be the guys to fly the first mission,'' said Maj. Carl Coffman, executive officer of the Second Squadron Sixth Cavalry that was sent here from Germany three months ago with 21 Apaches.
But the new ''Four Feathers,'' which opens nationally today (review, Page 12), is a distinctly modern version in which the period setting has been preserved but the colonialist attitudes have been criticized and subverted.
And cross-border banking deals have been slow to materialize.
Sure, she's been oversold, but she's great.
Mr. Lozada abandoned the race for office, as did several other fearful candidates in the congressional elections, which take place Sunday.
The offering price was in line with the latest forecasts, though indications that Safety would come to market at all took analysts by surprise earlier this week.
Widely used formulas for estimating the value of options use the shares' value at the time of a grant as a central variable.
''The practicalities of accomplishing such a change frequently make it impossible,'' said Howard Schechter, a Manhattan co-op lawyer.
New York is home to more than a million deer, probably double the number a decade and a half ago.
Another sign is that the New York City Hip-Hop Festival now includes in the program a plea for tax-deductible contributions, a sign at once of growing pains and of foresight.
Age 93, on January 27, 2002.
For information: (800) 333-3333 or www.radissonsas.com/summermagic.
A small step was taken toward the resumption of weapons deliveries from the United States to India when Mr. Rumsfeld and Mr. Fernandes signed an agreement today under which India would promise to protect secrets about any weapons systems that are provided.
Senator Richard G. Lugar of Indiana, the senior Republican on the Agriculture Committee, questioned the need for such aid so soon after passage of the farm bill.
XM, based in Washington, has a deal with General Motors that will make its satellite radio a factory-installed option in more than 20 models by the summer.
he said, shocked that it's even a question.
While the administration says yes, the factual backup is again fuzzy.
Walking the Streets The Joseph Papp Public Theater announced this week that it was replacing its planned springtime production of Suzan-Lori Parks's new play (with an unprintable title) with ''Blue Surge,'' a work by Rebecca Gilman with a title that sounds like a new type of detergent.
There is, however, one recurring difficulty with Ms. Monk's work: in ensembles it's almost impossible for another performer, however fine, to invest a sung line with the kind of primal expression Ms. Monk gives it.
Toss with remaining ingredients except cilantro, then taste, and adjust seasoning.
Both are for crazy people.''
The train and the big metal boxes inside the barn were conspiring to do something that had never been done regularly in the subway.
Using a work print of the original edit as a guide, Mr. Forman returned to the negatives and recut the film into its present, and now definitive, form.
''And this made me positive that this is the thing I should do with my life.''
Humorous Lady beat Fast Cookie by a nose in the $150,000 Grade II Astarita Stakes for 2-year-old fillies at Belmont Park.
With respect to providing them additional forms of support, that would make the inspection effort perhaps more targeted and effective.
There is no question that Favre knew this, so he changed the play so Strahan could get the sack.
America's love affair with Ms. Fleming -- the world's -- expresses itself not only in top fees, ovations and record sales.
Hertz, working in an era of rampant anti-Semitism and of Christian efforts to demonstrate the inferiority of the ''Old'' Testament to the ''New,'' dismissed all doubts about the integrity of the text.
The land, on the North Fork of Long Island in Jamesport, is now owned by KeySpan, which agreed to sell it to the state for $16 million.
Tuesdays through Sundays, 10:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. Fee: $35; tastings are included.
But in 1999, a forum presented by the Connecticut Department of Economic and Community Development allowed her to finally connect with a Ghanaian man who eventually purchased a cocoa-processing machine from her.
Mr. Bashir, who has denied any involvement with Jemaah Islamiyah and even its existence, is considered the group's ideological inspiration.
The actual medal is gold -- I keep it in a safety deposit box.
Describing Dostoyevsky's notoriously prejudiced essay ''The Jewish Question,'' Frank is at pains to suggest that its conclusion nevertheless ''holds out the hope of a resolution'' through the operations of human charity and benevolence.
We want our readers to realize their lifestyle right now.''
In recent days alone, the jumble of signals about the case have included what Pakistani journalists described as the extremely unusual summoning by General Haidar of at least two top Karachi police officials to Islamabad on Wednesday for a meeting in which they were ordered to quiet their avowals that the case would be resolved soon.
When he met Mrs. Carter, Mr. Grier said, she told him her husband's birth date and said he had spent years in Mississippi.
In ''Play It Again, Sam,'' Ms. Gallo juxtaposes the Vietnam War and the American war on terrorism.
With the United States Conference of Mayors in town, Mr. Bloomberg mentioned that he had been asked whether extra security had been ordered.
Like his bathroom faucets, the stainless-steel coffeepots, water pitchers, ashtrays, condiment containers and salt-and-pepper shakers are all evergreen variations on the tube and cylinder.
Most Republicans and energy interests favored more energy production, particularly oil and gas exploration in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge.
The world has changed, and in the new world we have to be more coordinated than ever.''
A Critic's Private Choice David Sylvester, the influential British art critic and curator who died last year, may have been a champion of Modernism, but his personal art collection was heavily tipped toward pristine examples of ancient art.
The third investigation is being conducted by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Another officer called to him, and he fell silent.
Mr. Jensen took the script to Mr. Balaban, an actor and sometime producer who had directed him in Arthur Kopit's play ''Y2K'' at the Manhattan Theater Club in 1999.
La Habichuela Colorá y Su Guiso, 7 Tabonuco Street, in the Guaynabo area, south of the city, (787) 620-0066, specializes in Puerto Rican specialties like stuffed cornish hen with a guava glaze, and whole red snapper and plantain fritters in the shape of spiders.
April through September, trains leave at 12:30 p.m. and the rest of the year at 2:30.
Mr. Acevedo, sympathetic, took out a two-page advertisement in Antiques magazine soliciting contributions toward ''A Tomb for the Unmarked Well-Known Artist.''
Last week Charles W. Ergen, Echostar's chief executive, who defeated Rupert Murdoch and the News Corporation in the bidding for DirecTV, sharply criticized Disney for using its lobbying influence as a bargaining chip.
''I want to go into the heart of darkness,'' she said, ''and taste it with Tony.''
But last year, Judge Bonadío and a colleague ruled separately that the amnesty measures were in themselves unconstitutional.
Interment following at St. John Cemetery in Middle Village, Queens.
Mr. Miranda, 61, a special-education teacher, has also been known to proselytize.
The bank is suing some of the clients, claiming they obtained loans fraudulently.
In what will be the beginning of a process of debate and refinement lasting at least through the end of the year, the six designs, developed by planners for the Lower Manhattan Development Corporation and the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, are scheduled to be released to the public today at a news conference at the Federal Hall National Memorial, the landmark building on Wall Street.
''The bricks were very old,'' Mr. Ugarte said.
He was likely to make a full recovery within days, the police said.
''How is it that the country that invented Hollywood and Madison Avenue has such trouble promoting a positive image of itself overseas?''
On a recent Friday on Steinway Street, a commercial spine, several hundred men from North African and Middle Eastern countries were jammed into Al-Iman Mosque, one of several mosques that have sprung up in Astoria.
The money will be used to pay for the $1.5 billion investment in the satellite television company EchoStar Communications that Vivendi announced in December and to help pay for the cash portion of the investment in a joint venture with USA Networks that Vivendi agreed to the same month.
''We're a die-hard American bar,'' Ms. Dell said, adding that on weekends it is open until 4 a.m. and has a regular crew of bikers accompanied by the rev of their motorcycles.
Today that same town displays banners celebrating Ronald McNair, the first black astronaut, as a local hero.
(You will find no other actor anywhere who so ostentatiously employs his tongue.)
''Because she reminded me of my first wife,'' he replied.
The charges against the professor come after a spate of plagiarism and academic misconduct incidents across the country, some involving well-known authors.
With the possibility of a war between the United States and Iraq, members of the Air Force football team could eventually join the combat.
Now, MacLiammoir's self was a prodigiously exotic item, an invention of unusual thoroughness: he had decided at the age of 15 to become Irish, having not a drop of the blood of that nation in his veins, and became more Irish than any Irishman who ever lived, a magnificent actorly presence, bewigged, berouged, begorrah, yet somehow intensely, confidingly sophisticated.
It was the Roush Racing driver's fifth career Winston Cup victory.
''We are aware that these types of transactions may be used to reduce the U.S. taxes paid on U.S. income,'' said Mark A. Weinberger, Treasury assistant secretary for tax policy.
The man arrested Friday was Bukan Akram Taufiq Herami, 22, who was using an Afghan name, Noor Muhammad, and who spoke the local language, Dari.
And beyond, out on the great blue curve of the harbor, sunlight sparkled on the marbled water, white arcs of sailboats crisscrossed, anchored merchantmen lay in the roadstead and ferries rumbled out to Liberty Island and Staten Island.
I'm willing to bet that at least half the museum's visitors whiz through the special exhibitions and the permanent collection in half an hour or so and then race downstairs for the aesthetic experience that really counts, coffee and linzer torte.
In one torrid stretch, he delivered a goal or an assist in seven consecutive starts.
At the Zipper, 336 West 37th Street, Manhattan.
By the mid-1840's, barely a decade after he had started, he seems to have taken his last photographs.
NT Media agreed to close its New Times LA when Village Voice Media agreed to close its paper in Cleveland.
Vice President Dick Cheney offered a strong rebuttal today to allied officials who have criticized the Bush administration's aggressive stance toward Iraq, saying the United States was prepared to use all available means to stop Saddam Hussein from continuing his development of weapons of mass destruction and that he expected allied support if ''aggressive action is required.''
Zambia may soon become the second African country, following Uganda, to reverse a widespread epidemic, Dr. Piot said.
For the most part, the dancers will perform old, current and new repertory.
Tonight at $10:30; tickets are $10 (Pareles).
I went to dinner across the street, at the Majestic.''
Their running back Charlie Garner has more yards receiving than rushing and is one of three Raiders in the top 10 in receptions in the conference.
There are tens of thousands of rape kits sitting uselessly on shelves across the nation, waiting for someone to analyze them.
''It's quite clear that in the decades we looked at, the diocese's priority was to protect the reputation of the diocese in these matters and to avoid public scandal,'' Mr. Rosenberg said.
He kept his job as a civil servant until reaching retirement age in 1971, and began to earn serious money from writing only with the vast jump in sales wrought by the prize.
Meets on the northeast corner of 34th Street and Madison Avenue.
In Cincinnati, it's not the Beats or the arts that are the most sought, or even current popular fiction or nonfiction.
In the 1950's he turned from figuration to abstraction after studying with Josef Albers and became a master of perceptual ambiguities.
Although probation officials had approved a counseling job and a temporary bed at a group home in nearby Collingswood, the storm of publicity that accompanied his release quashed both prospects.
Those issues have been pushed over to the Congress that will convene next year under full Republican control.
On individual campuses in states with separate dormitory authorities, however, including New York, fund-raising groups have employed techniques similar to that of the special-purpose entities elsewhere to build housing.
''If the Brooklyn Bridge were destroyed in a terrorist attack, we would not be discussing the re-envisioning of East River crossings,'' one speaker said.
propane heater; a 3,000-watt generator; a 10-gallon jug of water; yards and yards of electrical cord; and metal shelves stocked with a jar of salsa, an enormous crockpot, a miniature coffee maker, paper plates, a car-battery charger, garbage bags and a bottle of dish soap.
5; applied in August to share passengers and to coordinate routes and schedules.
''I paid them three or four times the going rate,'' he said.
Moochie Norris recorded a career-high 17 assists, the most by a Rocket since Kenny Smith had 17 against the Lakers in 1992.
In the process, however, he learned how cutthroat the music business could be.
In recent weeks, the panel has heard health workers and members of the general public express their views about changing recommendations for smallpox vaccination.
On his new album, ''Universary'' (Analysand), he applies his mathematical bent to pop-song structures, topping his layered guitars and kinetic dance rhythms with thoughtful lyrics.
HANKS -- I guess, sort of an example is the piano duet that Paul and I do together.
Colorful outdoor candle lanterns are $24 each at Homenature, 255 Main Street, Amagansett, N.Y., (631) 267-6647, or www.homenature.com.
But it was unclear yesterday whether Mr. Schuler's new job was truly substantive.
This is one King we know, the tormented tribune who shoulders firmly, somberly, with hints of regret and even reluctance, the burden of an oppressed people's hopes.
In October, the company said it would not meet earnings expectations for the year because of weakness in Latin America and foul weather in several foreign markets.
In a Feb. 21, 2001, e-mail message cited in the complaint, Mr. Grubman threatened to ''put the proper rating'' on the stock of Focal Communications, which he said every smart institutional investor ''feels is going to zero.''
Information: (212) 875-5370 and (212)491-2206.
Mr. Ebner has '' joined the list of fallen stars,'' said Alessandro Migliorini of the Pictet & Compagnie private bank in Geneva.
Moseley's decision to pull out of this week's competition has sparked a measure of controversy.
This film is rated PG-13.
''White America'' introduces the album's replacement of crisp hip-hop tracks -- presumed urban music -- with ponderous suburban 1970's rock, culminating in a full-length appropriation of Aerosmith's ''Dream On.''
I gave him time to settle in.
Only at the very end of the movie -- being shown tonight and Wednesday night as part of the 31st New Directors/New Films series at the Museum of Modern Art -- does the chortling subside.
The money will be used for the construction of a new middle school with a two-level library and technology center, a media arts center with digital editing equipment for aspiring high school filmmakers and faculty computer and technology workshops.
Israeli policy has largely been shaped by the most militant settlers, Jews who occupy land they believed was deeded to them in the Bible.
While the Bush administration is pressing its allies to use economic sanctions to induce North Korea to abandon its nuclear weapons and long-range missile programs, Mr. Roh favors engagement with Pyongyang and more policy independence from Washington.
Given the impetus to innovate fostered by the center, these categories are hardly fixed.
His deputy will be the president's son-in-law, Timur Kulibayev, formerly the head of Transneftegaz.
In the Prokofiev, the sheer energy and contagious involvement the musicians displayed were exhilarating, as in the ferocious account of the ''Death of Tybalt'' music.
Setting aside the data from Sept. 11, which skew the overall results, the F.B.I.
Ms. Whelan undulates like a vertical accordion, and a hint of a melody places the four dancers in a square.
In the 21st century, only nations that share a commitment to protecting basic human rights and guaranteeing political and economic freedom will be able to unleash the potential of their people and assure their future prosperity.
Luckily, we were so relaxed it didn't matter.
The eighth suspect, Erica Mateo, 15, was arrested in the Bronx on Sunday night, said Louis Alagno, the Mount Pleasant police chief.
In embossed ink, the images of all the animals he ''controlled'' formed a black border.
A poster of Issa Badir, ''martyr hero,'' now adorns walls around Bethlehem.
The net loss shrank to $25.7 million, or 20 cents a share, from $77 million, or 62 cents, a year earlier, EarthLink said in a statement.
The victim of the unjust call, our pitcher, wears a look of impenetrable grief.
The two-night love affair between Eve and a man known only as the Major that is at the heart of the story is as far from ''good, clean English fun'' as one can get.
First, these are the heavyweights of women's basketball.
''They want to see, did the system work or not work in this instance.
The Hewlett-Packard Corporation said yesterday that it had signed a $1.5 billion contract to provide service and support for the computer infrastructure of the Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, one of Canada's largest banks.
The police believe the gunman fired a rifle from a nearby wooded area.
Through a Citigroup spokeswoman, Mr. Carpenter declined to comment.
He won a MacArthur Foundation Fellowship at 21, reshaped the ways in which complex phenomena (like the movements of fluids) were analyzed before he was 26, founded an institute for the study of complexity at the University of Illinois, and then left academic life and research science, starting a software company, Wolfram Research Inc., in 1987.
The bromeliad family contains about 2,700 species, with plants ranging from the pineapple to Spanish moss.
Bishop Jiménez, 60, serves in Zipaquirá, near Bogotá, and is the leader of the conference of Latin America's Catholic bishops.
Despite the changes, the College Board said, verbal and math scores on the new test should be fully equatable to scores on the old test.
He finished with 25 points and shot 8 of 16.
Iowa State, not ranked in the A.P.
In a statement after today's meeting of the Federal Open Market Committee, which sets monetary policy, the Fed repeated its view that the economy was working through a ''soft spot'' and that existing monetary policy was loose enough at the moment.
''Especially in a safe neighborhood.
He asked the agency to narrow access to credit information to a ''need only'' basis and to consider notifying individuals when credit cards are opened in their name.
A touching nostalgia calls to mind Edward Hopper.
We will all miss you.
Needs city: Phaidon Press, $59.95 On a visit to London in 1878, the Swiss historian Jacob Burckhardt saw two black men animatedly discussing a picture in the National Gallery.
The authors relied on a single study that focused on a narrow range of years after the initial screening.
We witnessed an impressive display of Andy Whittaker's field skills on our way out of the Pantanal.
This covers the other fixed-income securities, including investment-grade corporate bonds, agency and mortgage-backed securities and below-investment-grade junk bonds.
Senior American officials have said that many questions remain about such a conference, which could involve Arab states and be held in the Middle East or Europe, and they described it as only one of several ideas they were pressing.
This clever spice rack, a sheet of steel fitted with metal tins with magnetized bottoms, is meant to be hung, but you could also use the spice tins without the rack.
''I've been all over the world and there's not another racetrack out there as nice as this one,'' Smith said.
cannot imagine losing to New Mexico, a team playing in a bowl game for only the second time in 41 years.
The gang and drug competitions lead to conflict, and the conflict often leads to gunfire -- something with which the children at Tilton are all too familiar.
But it's just too ''Up With People''-ingratiating for me.
The restatement is most likely a product of executives' concern about the new certification requirements that go into effect with corporate filings due today, analysts said last week.
Most states have held the line, with officials arguing that unemployment insurance is intended just to help people with a small amount of money in their job searches.
She said the problem appeared to be mechanical and not the result of any tampering.
Alcorn State (21-10) had been unbeaten in play-in games, winning two in the 1980's under Davey L. Whitney, who is still the team's coach.
There are 320 students in the school, most the children of hard-working parents.
There are other wordless children's books.
What is more dangerous, he said, is that many advertisers plan campaigns based on limited knowledge of a particular group.
Our own national interest and moral obligations demand that we do no less.
He had to come out and say something.
During most of his time at Enron Energy Services, Mr. Pai was tangled in marital problems.
The backup singers, who were dancing barefoot when they weren't at their microphones, were joined before the end of the set by an eager audience member.
Home Is Where the Art Is What follows is a sampler of schools and programs for studying fine arts from home.
Mr. Rohatyn and other fiscal experts said that, in some ways, the 1970's were worse.
Mr. Bush and his chief strategist, Karl Rove, devised a closing campaign blitz-krieg for the president that paid dividends, especially in the party's Southern stronghold.
''I hate waste -- a case in point is that when some people go to the restroom, they grab a bunch of pieces of toilet paper,'' he said.
I continue to hope that it will be at ABC, but that decision is beyond our control.''
''But when I was there, I couldn't see that it was a breaking point in the history of the firm.''
América Móvil won an auction on Tuesday for three mobile phone licenses in Brazil, including one covering the most prized market, metropolitan São Paulo, with a $120 million bid.
''I lost every hope to change these lawyers,'' Mr. Salim said.
Roberto Carlos scored on a free kick in the 15th minute, followed by Rivaldo in the 32nd, Ronaldinho in the 45th from the penalty spot and Ronaldo in the 55th.
Drinking them is believed by many to flush the body of harmful elements and encourage the absorption of helpful minerals and vitamins; bathing in the waters, or with salts culled from the springs, is also beneficial.
's, pickups and minivans outsold passenger cars.
His activities included playing on all of Sinatra's television specials, acting as director of the Monterey Jazz Festival for two years and as music director of the Concord Summer Festival in 1976 and 1977.
''I needed more personal attention.''
The commission will insist that action follows word, that deeds are consistent with the stated intent of the charter.
Vito A. Turso, a Sanitation Department spokesman, said that the department had always planned to re-evaluate enforcement as the grace period came to a close, at the end of this month, and decide whether to begin issuing tickets or to extend the moratorium.
But the cold truth, says Hyman, the former director of the mental-health institute, is that few Americans could afford the kind of help Pelham offers.
''The restructuring process will go on, depending on how things are developing, what the markets look like and how companies are doing,'' Kurt Schiltknecht, a spokesman for BZ, told Reuters today.
The crux of the bank's argument, according to George J. Terwilliger III, a former deputy attorney general in the first Bush administration who represents Crédit Lyonnais, is the legal principle known as the doctrine of national treatment.
Meat courses include an excellent steak au poivre, beefy and piquant, with crisp French fries.
''Whether you are on the right or the left, it's all about who your friends are and with whom you feel comfortable,'' Mr. Alterman said.
The afternoon conditions at Muirfield were brutal, and so was Woods's round.
drivers, an oil price shock accompanied by 24-hour coverage of hostilities in Iraq could be enough to put a crack in consumer confidence and weaken what has been the main pillar of the recovery so far: consumer spending.
''The first two weeks were really just getting them not to look at the camera and getting them to feel comfortable and relaxed.
In 2000 alone, the report says, there were about 6,200 newly identified cases of lead poisoning, 94 percent of them among black, Latino or Asian children.
In the last two months of 2001, 30 terminals were evacuated, causing 1,180 flight delays, 464 cancellations and 15 flight diversions.
He realized that life is too short.''
We are planning a vacation in Nova Scotia in July.
Sage's grandfather, on his part, seethed that he had failed to achieve ''the life his talents deserved,'' and he drowned his frustrations in drinking, smoking and womanizing -- philandering that grew especially ugly when he took up with a friend of his daughter.
Good will is the excess of the price that Tyco pays for the companies over their real, or tangible, assets.
The plan is also at a delicate moment in other ways.
By the nature of their talks -- with player representatives and agents -- word of their preliminary discussion escaped the office walls.
Later he said he wanted to paint the worlds he knew ''as passionately and dispassionately as Bruegel painted the life of the Flemish people of his day.''
Previously, the limit was 15 percent.
Later, she latches onto Philip (Fabrice Desplechin, the director's brother), a dissolute playwright and drama critic who becomes her lover and her second mentor.
The key to that is surprise.
Additionally, he has written several cookbooks, including one called ''L'Atelier de Joël Robuchon,'' and he led the team that revised Larousse Gastronomique last year.
Judge Morton I. Greenberg joined the opinion.
Ms. Adam's ''Night,'' an exploration of dream states, will also be on the program.
He likes to accompany Michele when she can be coaxed into singing.
To be safe, she ate around the edges.
''That has to be the question on everybody's minds,'' said Dr. Arthur Hebard, a professor of physics at the University of Florida and a former Bell Labs scientist.
''When I met him again, I almost couldn't breathe.''
Comic essays by a newspaper columnist in Phoenix.
A crowd of 43,070 jammed this three-year-old stadium, exceeding Saturday's record crowd.
When Patten, who is 5 feet 9 inches and 185 pounds, was with the Giants, many National Football Conference teams, including the Rams, had success shutting him down by manhandling him with bigger cornerbacks.
To assuage their anxieties, Mrs. Adams and Mrs. Worthan are, like many military spouses, trying to keep busy, thinking upbeat thoughts and seeking solace from families in the same situation.
Mr. King said that although the timetable for the bill was uncertain, ''I think we have a better than 50-50 chance of pushing it through.''
YEARS of defensive driving in Boston traffic didn't prepare Cathleen Merritt for an afternoon with her co-workers at an indoor kart track.
The victory margins in the races that ended up shifting the Senate -- Minnesota and Missouri -- were less than three percentage points.
The cause of death was not immediately known.
In addition to blocking the road between the capital and the country's main port, they blew up bridges along several other routes, cutting off Tana, as this city is called, from the rest of the country.
He handed off his crutches, hopped to the edge of the platform and jumped off.
In other words, they are immune to Elvis, the Elvis that counts, not the king of rock 'n' roll but the master of every fattening thing he desired.
But we coped with that.
Donald I. Trott, an analyst at Jefferies & Company in New York, for example, said the company was ''fighting to some degree a losing game'' against Wal-Mart Stores, the discount giant that passed it in toy sales four years ago.
Veeck, whose father sent a midget to bat for the St. Louis Browns in the majors a half-century ago, has a genealogy and history of outlandish promotions, including ''Vasectomy Night'' -- canceled at the last minute -- and ''Tonya Harding Bat Day.''
On each of our stops, we had found ourselves, a little self-consciously, almost as much the object of interest from onlookers as the yellow-eyed Penguins.
-- other researchers could be allowed access.''
(+) Rankings reflect sales, for the week ended Feb. 23, at almost 4,000 bookstores plus wholesalers serving 60,000 other retailers (gift shops, department stores, newsstands, supermarkets), statistically weighted to represent all such outlets nationwide.
Of the five singing parts, only Pedrillo makes less than exceptional vocal demands.
Mr. Pataki proposed new legislation today that would provide the counties, including New York City, with about $172 million in relief.
Police departments around the nation built innovative programs from this theory.
Craig Schwab Glendale, Queens ''Gotham: A History of New York to 1898'' by Edwin G. Burrows and Mike Wallace.
''In the skating business, people are not always nice,'' Falco said.
''He's progressing very well,'' Strahan said.
Drown the Clown is also everything wrong about San Gennaro.
Mr. Willis, who directed the stage version of ''True West,'' praised Gary Halverson, the Showtime version's director, and his staff for expert shooting and cutting.
Mr. Cheney concentrated on the company's energy business, company officials said, though he was regularly briefed on the company's Pentagon contracts.
For Mr. Crumb, who gives a master class in the performance of his works on Saturday, the New York festival is flanked by residency and workshop programs at Kent State University in Ohio this weekend and at California State University in Fresno in November.
We hope they respect our decision to avail ourselves of the procedure made available by their own statute to prevent our respective nationals from falling into the potentially highly politicized jurisdiction of that court.''
They also match the information with information from interviews with other captured Al Qaeda members.
But the campaign for a Heisman is the promise of national attention for a university; the campaign is a staple of sports-media speculation for months.
It would also mean that something would go out of the veterans' lives.
A collage of song and reminiscence from the most enduring of musical comedy veterans, assembled by Ms. Stritch and John Lahr and directed by George C. Wolfe, this show is nothing like the concerts in the manner of the aging Marlene Dietrich mummified in sequined splendor.
It was wrong and almost did a major disservice to our country.
That kid wasn't allowed to testify, since it was so clear the lawyer had been coaching.''
An account of Noble's life during the decades following Vietnam could be accurately titled ''The Man Who Loved Cunnilingus Too Much.''
Archaeological Institute of America Tours in Walpole, N.H.; (800) 748-6262 or (603) 756-2884; www .archaeological.org.
After doing so, Johnson was allowed to play, and suddenly discovered a new interest.
Dinner for two with drinks or wine is about $100.
Although there was some talk of reopening the three-character play on Broadway with its original British cast, it is instead arriving Off Broadway in a separate production directed by the Atlantic's artistic director, Neil Pepe, and with three New York actors.
And an expanding middle class in many developing countries should help global companies, because the richer a country becomes, the more it tends to spend on health care.
And it surely didn't hurt that it has been one of the top campus recruiters this year.
He knows that the Crane family's complaints benefit everyone.
And then, he too posed the questions -- the relevant ones for any reflective New Yorker: ''Why did I live?
''For 43 years, every election in Cuba has been a fraud and a sham,'' Mr. Bush said.
Dennis tried to sum up the fuss by saying, ''The school, Sonny, Adidas, Nike, the coach, everyone -- eventually they all bow down to King James.''
It was held in the Dag Hammarskjold auditorium, a windowless place where no sunlight gets in to mitigate the chill of money-saving temperatures.
Adored grandfather of Deborah, Ilana, Sarah and David.
than on the road (5.94 E.R.A.)
More important, a book written from her uncritically pro-business stance would be neither a balanced textbook nor good history.
After receiving his draft notice in 1942, he declared himself a conscientious objector and served out the war in a number of the civilian work camps.
But it is a miscalculation to construct the book as the story of a group of people, rather than admitting that her subject lies in the realm of ideas.
I was angry at the rope because I couldn't reach them.''
In fact, Mr. Bloomberg could contribute selflessly to the cause by permitting tours of his East Side town house.
''The legacy Chad has been handed is to deliver on those deals,'' said Judah S. Kraushaar, a banking analyst at Merrill Lynch.
Strasbourg, though, has been plagued in recent years by outbursts of violence by skinhead gangs in the high-rise projects that ring the city.
Rabbi Chaim Bausk performed the ceremony at Temple Judea in Manhasset, N.Y. Mrs. Neuman, 26, is a marketing coordinator in New York for Patek Philippe, the Swiss watch manufacturer.
Housing rules keep most Singaporeans at home with their parents until they get married.
William Newkirk, 13, of the Bronx, had no plans to swim in a lake -- he knew better after watching all those scary ''Halloween'' movies, he said.
The evening leaves you thinking of Gertrude's admonition to the pedantic Polonius in ''Hamlet'': ''More matter, with less art.''
Barbara: We were living in San Antonio when we started talking about retirement.
They are cutting some types of spending (on new factories, for example), increasing others (on new machines and software) and remaining conservative until they are more confident in the economy's prospects.
At one tiny settlement, three children ran out to show us a brilliant green and yellow chameleon that matched the buttery light coming through the leaves of the palm trees.
But Mr. Garson said that while White Plains offers a city-type environment, Scarsdale Commons is located in a small-town area ''with a totally different atmosphere.''
''Pick any major tributary, Second Avenue, the Grand Concourse, Hylan Boulevard, Eastern Parkway, the usual suspects,'' he said.
But by fantasizing that he was a Wilkomirski, he certainly got entangled in the fantasies of a group of people for whom Wilkomirski is in fact a family name, and that is how the sad, outrageous, sometimes tragic, sometimes hilarious, always riveting tale related in ''A Life in Pieces'' began.
Today they cover about 40 percent.
Many of Mr. Ahad's images work on several levels.
In a coincidence that would count as remarkable anywhere outside Hollywood, Lovenheim and his wife spend a weekend at a local bed-and- breakfast owned by a retired professor of moral philosophy.
immediately appealed Judge Pugliesi's denial to a panel known as the Board of Immigration Appeal, which gave the agency the postponement it was looking for.
The implacability of Death and the outrage of its victims were combined in this voice of hard power, gravity and ringing utterance.
The Secret's Out Days after signing what amounted to a confidentiality agreement, LEONA M. HELMSLEY told all to a reporter from The Wall Street Journal.
The momentum-turning play in the fourth quarter was a fumble by fullback Casey Moore on the Cardinal's first possession after Craven's score.
Don Chaney, the guy who has won 12 and lost 27 the past three months?
The narrow road rose and dipped through valleys of pecan trees and over rolling wheat fields on the way to Independence, a town of about 10,000 residents, nestled in a bend of the Verdigris River.
''Well, it doesn't have to be $500 million,'' he said.
For some, the best treatment is simply refraining from the activities that induce the shocks in the first place -- for example, the patient who kept getting shocked during vigorous sex.
''Well, you have to be a nut, kid,'' he answered, bowing down to shoot a shoe as if it were a crown.
While a Chicago filing could be most convenient, it is also probable that United employees would fill the courtroom, creating a potentially contentious atmosphere.
Many rooms in older hospitals are smaller than that and accommodate two patients.
It has been considered passive, but it is hard to wreck.
''They care about me and they take me to very nice places,'' Shawn said by telephone from the Queens home he shares with his father.
A Quinnipiac University poll of 1,002 registered voters in New Jersey disclosed that 85 percent said it was a good idea to make the use of hand-held cellphones illegal for drivers; 12 percent disagreed.
Pentagon officials say that Mr. Hekmatyar is providing leadership to former Taliban units and that he has formed allegiances with Taliban and Qaeda commanders.
Cablevision (NYSE: CVC) of Bethpage says it is confident the precautions it took last year will adequately preserve the value of its investment in Adelphia Communications, whose stock price has plummeted in recent weeks.
The national Liberal government has said it will not be bound by the results of such a referendum, but Mr. Landry hopes to put the province's Liberal Party in an embarrassing position of opposing local interests.
Abbey's board voted to turn it down at a meeting Oct. 7.
Kenny Anderson, in his first action this season after fighting back spasms, scored 10.
They netted 5 yards, and the Giants settled for Morten Andersen's 27-yard field goal.
Rusedski will face Jonas Bjorkman, who beat the Russian Andrei Stoliarov, 6-1, 6-0.
Mexico and Microsoft plan to announce an agreement on Wednesday to develop digital community centers as part of a broader ''eMexico'' initiative meant to bring the entire nation online by 2006.
He added, however, that a significant proportion of upscale modular home construction seems to be taking place in the Northeast, where there were about 9,600 modular homes built last year.
bylaws, the executive committee will meet as soon as possible to nominate one or more candidates to replace Mrs. Baldwin.
So now churches, schools and other organizations around the country are mounting appraisal sessions and charging admission to raise money.
Yet throughout the performance he seemed at odds with the Philharmonic players, who did his bidding but appeared unhappy about it.
Of course, the concerts can also be heard live in the school's auditorium.
His supporters countered with accounts of his efforts at racial reconciliation.
Eastern Pennsylvania, the Hudson River Valley, all of Long Island and most of New England are in the severe drought category, meaning that one would be expected once in 10 years.
had by Cecil Gray while she was married to Aldington.
The festival will also mark the premiere of the KC Jazz Club, a jazz series to be held regularly in the Kennedy Center's education resource center.
According to The Associated Press, Dr. Milstein is survived by his wife, Celia.
executives believe the Dallas Mavericks, who are looking for another perimeter scorer, would be willing to trade for Houston, but such a deal is improbable.
He was merely talking about nations that channel their better athletes into soccer.
Almost all of the United States' elite runners, jumpers and throwers will compete in these three-day championships, which begin in full Friday at the Cobb Track and Angell Field on the Stanford campus.
He is survived by two sons, Peter, of Philadelphia, and Greg, of Portland, Ore.
The Internet, contrary to its image as the disembodied realm of cyberspace, also reinforced the importance of old-fashioned proximity.
WITH: Donna Lynne Champlin (Older Helen), Sara Niemietz (Young Helen), Linda Lavin (Nanny), Michele Pawk (Louise), Leslie Hendrix (Dixie), Nicolas King (Malcolm), Patrick Clear (Bill), Frank Wood (Jody), Christian Kohn (Cop No.
Investigating murders that resemble those of a jailed serial killer, a policewoman becomes a target.
''They paled out my skin, and I got a bad haircut, and I stuffed my cheeks.
spokesman, concedes that it is difficult to conclusively establish that a child has been trafficked, given the poor record-keeping and endemic corruption in Cambodia.
Given the danger of a nuclear war, there is no choice but to try.
He enjoys expression of individuality, irrespective of morality.
After all, that figure was not based on any assessment, but was rather a number that grew out of early conversations between Mrs. Clinton, Mr. Schumer and President Bush days after the attacks.
''But it also increases pressure on winning and losing,'' he said.
Mr. Rivera said the money was not specifically earmarked for the union.
I hung up and had to call back.
Because the Internet has an aura of ''technology'' surrounding it, the uneducated believe information from it even more.
Even Quinn, who once thought that Napoleon's disasterous battle took place at Waterworld, turns serious.
They had no names in mind.
In exchange for the soft money ban, the bill loosens for the first time since 1974 the caps on more strictly regulated contributions known as hard money.
Before the vote, in fact, the president of District 141-M, Scotty Ford, acknowledged to his members that the accord was ''bad,'' but said a bankruptcy would be worse for employees.
So far, the shareholders are betting that the family does not capitulate; Taubman shares fell 14 cents yesterday, to $16.46, still below Simon Property's original offer of $17.50 each.
Concorde prices start at $23,590, though that car comes with the 3.5-liter V-6 that is an option on the Intrepid.
Administration officials contended that, legally, they had no choice but to go along.
Beautiful, undereducated and naïve, the Austrian archduchess was betrothed to a future king when she was still a teenager.
I'm on pace to do that.
They will remain up through Wednesday.
A government official said the administration planned to make its decision known on Monday in a speech by Under Secretary of State Marc Grossman in Washington and in a briefing for foreign journalists by Pierre-Richard Prosper, the State Department's ambassador for war crimes issues.
A little bit of the daring has gone out of it.''
But how they did so became the issue.
Fortunately, Mr. Dingman said, Intrado earlier this year, before the law was passed, assigned a group of people to be controllers at the business units.
Mr. Frist's potential candidacy emerged late in the day, as Mr. Lott was home in Mississippi working the phones to secure support among Republican senators, who are scheduled meet on Jan. 6 to discuss his future.
As late as early September, company executives continued to promise a surge in earnings.
Among them are elegant wildflowers like the slender blue flag iris, handsome trees like the wonderfully aromatic sweetbay magnolia and the fantastical thread-leaved sundew, a carnivorous plant.
The caves appear to be 30 feet deep.
According to this story, highly paid C.E.O.
But it was unclear whether the teacher had contact with the girls individually or as a group, and whether the reported abuse took place in the classroom or elsewhere.
Mr. Mullin, 30, is a vice president for investing in the private banking unit of Citigroup in New York.
It is not clear how his case ended.
A day (or two) in the life of a busy little pig.
Dinner will follow the show.
Beyond spending more time with his family, he intends to set up an education commission that will focus on improving the quality of teaching.
He has so much energy.''
Then he shaped it like the Vistula River.
''We went out there and sure enough, there were seven- to nine-foot swells, and every once in a while we'd get a rogue wave,'' said Dennis O'Leary, who had entered the competition with three friends but turned their 30-foot boat around two hours into the competition because of the conditions.
A6 Japan's Cabinet Resigns The cabinet of Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi resigned en masse, paving the way for him to name a new lineup in an effort to shore up his economic reform plans.
But with his personal narrative, Justice Thomas changed the terms of the legal debate.
The more you taste it, the more it reveals, Wesson said.
The owners have refrained from publicly questioning the union's strength this time around for two reasons: Commissioner Bud Selig has threatened a $1 million fine for comments on the labor situation, and Rob Manfred, the clubs' chief labor lawyer, has assured the owners that the union remains strong and no one should doubt the players' resolve to strike if negotiations reach that juncture.
But with Arab nations declaring today that they would not renounce the Palestinian intifada, Mr. Bush apparently calculated that he had to put his personal prestige on the line to force the two sides to follow the path he outlined in a speech on Thursday.
Steve was always there for all of us.
Tomorrow from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m., the Pillow grounds will open for the festival's free Community Day, this year devoted to the theme of dancing together, with performances, workshops and activities for the entire family.
I nominate Judge Damon J. Keith of the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit.
He added that in some cases, particularly in workers' compensation coverage, the programs would probably indicate that they have written too much, would likely suffer heavy losses and should cut back.
Testifying before a State Senate committee today, Mr. McCormac took up the theme that Governor McGreevey has sounded since he took office in January: that corporate taxpayers have escaped their fair share of the tax burden, as their proportion of total revenues dropped to about 5 percent from 15 percent over the last two decades.
Mr. Tyner is one of the living mainlines of jazz, the definer of modern jazz harmony, the course that developing players must pass through.
Because reproducibility is a cardinal research principle, mainstream journals make material-sharing a condition of publication.
There are also concerns from Wall Street that G.M.
Ultimately, they sided with Dakota residents and approved every proposed change, with minor adjustments.
Basically he ran Enron as if it were McKinsey.
Other knockout pieces are the smallish ''Seed Jar'' of polychromed earthenware by Dorothy Torivio of Acoma, N.M. Billowing from a tiny neck to a full body, it is painted in the Acoma palette of black, white and red in a riveting abstract pattern that leads the eye on an Op-ish chase.
''Say there's a child who's severely sensitive to peanuts, and then someone in the family who's been eating peanut butter kisses them and you see a reaction,'' Dr. Metcalfe said.
The survivors streamed past them.
Tomorrow at 3 p.m. (Anderson).
It's spectacular as you approach the summit.
Since the scholarship program began in 1988, the Westchester Ballet has awarded nearly $80,000 to 250 young dancers.
''I suppose they also had to do with my father, the Nazis, being skeptical of all systems, all manias.
Many of the old coal plants produce up to 10 times as much nitrogen oxides and sulfur dioxide -- the major contributors to smog and acid rain -- as are permitted from new plants.
Word of Bishop O'Connell's actions comes on the heels of similar abuses committed by clergy members that have led bishops across the country to announce the suspensions or forced resignations of more than two dozen priests in recent weeks.
Mr. Sharon was in Moscow for two days of talks with Russian officials on security issues that included Russia's cooperation with Iran and Iraq.
Last week, Moody's Investors Service said this group held $8.8 billion worth of corporate bonds issued by troubled companies.
They began this afternoon, under a drizzle, at the pile of teddy bears and plastic flowers that has become a community icon since Precious's body was found April 28, 2001.
Levy of the Cato Institute, a libertarian research group in Washington, was critical of Attorney General John Ashcroft for announcing the new position in briefs to the Supreme Court in May but not applying it in trial courts.
He never does his business up here on the platform.''
''That's what makes him so special and so valuable to this team,'' quarterback Vinny Testaverde said.
The book's central character, Dr. C. R. Ash, a randy neonatologist, barks at his secretary: ''I want to get back to my roots, hear.
MARCH 23 In Dublin, she finished second to Paula Radcliffe of Britain in the world cross-country championships, running eight kilometers in 27:04.
Though the swearing-in and other events continued as planned, the police and soldiers closed off streets throughout much of the center of the city.
Their request acknowledged the inadequacy of the Cambodian justice system.
Silverstein Properties Inc. sued the Travelers Indemnity Company in federal court in Manhattan on Friday, and sought permission to expand its case against the Swiss Reinsurance Company, the lead insurer, to 19 other insurers.
Two red Moroccan flags flutter above the rock now, where a couple of uniformed men standing at the summit wave at their would-be visitors.
Since then, the economy has changed.
The scene is hideous and comic, but the story ends calmly when the woman arrives and her sister asks, ''Did you bring my hundred bucks?''
Soon after claiming her second career national title with a section-record 8.53-second performance in the 60-meter hurdles indoors, Dawkins injured a hamstring, then aggravated the injury.
Vaughn took one step toward the ball and stopped as it rolled into the outfield, scoring Lampkin with the winning run.
's sales fell 1.1 percent, Ford's were off 5.5 percent, and Chrysler's sales dropped 10 percent.
''My old baby sitter said she was going to write and ask for it.''
After a four-year reign, the crown has been removed from the champion's head.
And in September, sales for stores open at least a year were up 12 percent from a year earlier, a rise executives credited to the success of the Get Cheeky panty promotion begun in late August.
''These have been coordinated investigations by the F.B.I., the S.E.C.
Ms. Weingarten also indicated that her union would not oppose Mr. Bloomberg's push for greater mayoral control of the schools, although she reiterated the union's opposition to eliminating the Board of Education.
Sept. 20 at 8 p.m. Marlene VerPlanck, jazz singer.
June 1 at 8 p.m. Tim Horner Quartet.
The troopers, who are white, said that they had stopped the van because its occupants were black and Latino and that police supervisors had told them that black and brown-skinned drivers were more likely to be drug traffickers.
Some words become favorites, Mr. Garg said.
Amcor said the purchase would make it the world's largest producer of plastic soft drink bottles.
''I have to say that throughout eight years, the city repeatedly required us to bring litigation, whether it was on behalf of New Yorkers with mental health problems or homeless children,'' said Steven Banks, the director of the Legal Aid Society's homeless rights project.
Decades ago, when smallpox was still rampant, the decision to vaccinate was easy.
The league has 122 teams and 1,200 players ages 5 to 18 for spring soccer, and on that particular weekend, parents and coaches were told not to yell, clap or give directions.
For those who buy and sell ahead of maturity, he said: ''Zeros are great when interest rates are high and declining.
Especially for guys, it's an addictive sport.
But to Mr. Köpf, Mr. Stoiber remains the didactic, conservative, efficient, bland, stiff and mistrustful manager who instills both respect and ''a climate of anxiety'' in those who work for him.
Mrs. Waller, the mother of three children, had wondered if Shawn, 8, Hall would get homesick or have a hard time adjusting to a new family's routine.
It even concludes with a sort of pep rally number that encourages the audience to yell: ''Harlem!
You don't even have to tune these headphones: if you need to change channels (because the guy in the next apartment bought the same brand), a button push does the trick.
In the end, for the Raiders, the conditions did not matter.
The Standard & Poor's 500-stock index gained 1.41 points, or 0.1 percent, to 1,156.55, while the Nasdaq composite index increased 2.35 points, or 0.1 percent, to 2,047.24.
She fights the classic battle of the documentarian, scratching for dollars even as people and places vanish, a cafe folds, a poet dies.
''Nothing is doing really super well,'' Mr. Smith said.
''I expect most of it will find its way into the law,'' Mr. Sullivan said.
Under the bill unveiled on Monday by House Republicans, Medicare beneficiaries who sign up for drug coverage would not have to spend more than $4,500 a year of their own money on prescription medicines.
''In addition to slicing jobs and restricting travel, management decided that symbolic gestures toward austerity were in order.
He marketed videotapes of highlights of his old Texaco shows.
That the course is a slow, remorseless slide into a brick wall is the fault of the subject rather than the author.
Instead, they should be calling on other companies to follow Coke's lead.
People close to the partnership have said that the Newhouse family is concerned that AOL Time Warner could enrich its Internet and television programming operations at the cable unit's expense.
As a result, price regulations still in effect for local service may have to remain, said Eli M. Noam, a Columbia University economics professor.
But in other election years, individual candidates have gotten a far larger share of the money these leadership committees raised.
The scouting reports of Whitey Walsh in 1998 on Ferrara, who played at Division I-AA Rhode Island, said: ''Excellent motor.
And he faxed all of the text that Bill Dunne reads on the air on ''Breaking News'' to an MSNBC writer, Inci Ulgur.
PAGE B1 The Theater Rebounds Despite the closing of a number of hits and a decline in advance ticket sales, many shows across town, from the Fringe Festival to ''Hairspray'' to ''Harlem Song,'' are doing just fine.
''When a child is told not to touch a lamp, they look back at you right before they do it,'' he said.
I think they taught him a lot.
FREDERIC WEBER; RANDY WEST, Yancey Richardson, 535 West 22nd Street, (646) 230-9610 (through June 29).
''He would become the martyr and the world hero he wants to be,'' he said.
Workers at three private bus lines in Queens voted overwhelmingly yesterday to ratify a new contract and return to work, ending a seven-week strike that cut bus service to more than 100,000 passengers a day.
SCORECARD: And so New York voters get the one-on-one debate between the Democratic and Republican nominees that the governor has avoided -- but only if they watch a lot of television and see the ads.
Is it any wonder that members of Congress are beginning to question whether the administration is deliberately leaving Congress in the dark -- or whether the administration is making major policy decisions on the fly, without taking time for due consideration or consultation?
''Putting people in the street makes it difficult to control the situation.''
After hauling him out of his cell, jailers put him, a former movie-poster illustrator, to a test: painting the likeness of Pol Pot for use as propaganda.
Mr. Governali, standing astride a rock, points to a crumpled folding chair nearby.
Since moths are cold-blooded, they shiver to raise their body temperatures and muster the energy to fly, Mr. Scheer explained.
Hopefully, we'll be able to play a lot of 'under.'
And Jack himself becomes galvanized with faux Homeric anticipation.
The negotiations stem from an incident on July 13, when Richard Robbins, 44, was walking his three dogs at a field in South Huntington and Ms. Graham was there walking her three pit bulls: Dutch, Eve and Sable.
This would provide joint control in the face of the lopsided equity arrangement.
Mr. Qadir denied any involvement in such activities.
Patria, 250 Park Avenue South (20th Street), uses wrought-iron towers for appetizers and side dishes, and at Daniel, 60 East 65th Street, there are silver ones for cocktail tidbits, which do double duty for petits fours.
And the horror of the Bataan death march touched his family.
This not-too-onerous act can reduce the anxiety of patients, pharmacists and yourself, and it will save you a few bucks on all those wrong numbers.
The worry cuts across all strata, from the uptown oases of the literati to the bohemian magnets downtown and in Brooklyn.
This season, they are back with a four-guard offense led by Tommy Adams, the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference Player of the Year.
The advocates of the new neurobiological view say it is time to look more closely at the evidence for evolutionary psychology's position.
The cool thing about these numbers, from a data-nerd point of view, is that they are subject to an annual reality check.
The boos began early last night, and the Yankees were far away.
Stumbling about in the cloud of debris, he said he did not realize that he had made it outside until he walked into a tree.
Although Ghana was a British colony and English is the official language, the workers initially found New York's addresses difficult to figure out, since terms like ''avenue'' were completely unfamiliar to many of them.
By many accounts, religion had always been a stabilizing factor in the life of John Allen Muhammad, who is charged with murder in the sniper rampage that killed 10 people in the Washington region.
''Koizumi has done absolutely nothing!''
But the rapidly developing methods, called assistive technology, have not come without some groans from teachers.
''He wrote every word of it.''
Since it opened last month, more than 700 children have signed up as members of the club, which has not only an indoor pool and basketball court, but also two computer labs, a library filled with books and board games, a dance studio and an art room.
He is mein host, maître d' and buddy all rolled into one.
There has been speculation about various N.B.A.
The Pirates' new general manager, Dave Littlefield, traded the team's best pitcher, Todd Ritchie, but could at some point have a rotation with three pitchers he got in return from the White Sox: Kip Wells, Sean Lowe and Josh Fogg, a rookie.
The budget negotiations scheduled for Thursday are expected to end by midafternoon so state leaders can attend fund-raisers: Republicans have an event featuring Rudolph W. Giuliani, and Democrats will hold a party before a Jimmy Buffett concert in Camden.
''Guess what the name of the firefighter who was injured on the first attack on the World Trade Center'' -- in 1993 -- was,'' he said to me one day.
His contract expired after the past season, and Mirabal, a onetime member of the Yankees organization, was free to sign with a major league team.
at 9 p.m. ''AMERICA REBUILDS'' -- A 90-minute portrait of the destruction of the World Trade Center and the beginning of the effort to rebuild the 16 acres of Lower Manhattan devastated on that day.
Ms. Davis, the former director of the library, said she did not agree that Archer Huntington had made a mistake, exactly.
by enabling doctors to test pregnant women while they are in labor.
Average time from curb to gate is 20 minutes for the US Airways Shuttle.''
The food, $7 to $15, is available Monday through Friday from 9:30 a.m. to 7 p.m., Saturday, 9:30 a.m. to 6 p.m. and Sunday, noon to 6 p.m. A children's menu includes puréed baby food and after-school snacks like cookies and milk ($7 to $8).
Mr. Karzai and his aides are also trying, hastily, to put in place the infrastructure for a functioning government.
Ms. Margolin lost it in there one day and has never been able to relocate it, enduring instead its hourly -- and inaccurate -- pronouncements of the time.
Mr. Wiener said he prefers value funds that are less aggressive.
But then again, there have been sordid cases of public sex recently, like the couple who were arrested for copulating in Saint Patrick's Cathedral.
The White House dismisses the complaint as an expected tension caused by their desire to hold down spending.
''We're the only self-policed activity in the department,'' Mr. Scotto said.
Emergency officials said scores were injured, and witnesses described hearing a loud noise before the crash.
According to Mr. Boss, two Salomon investment bankers, Richard Moriarty and Marc Schneider, flouted those rules the week of June 23, demanding to see Mr. Boss's report, which was in draft form on his laptop computer.
''Saying he is a future C.E.O.
The restrained humor of the actors, and the unassuming intelligence of Mr. Schepisi's storytelling, combine to create an extraordinarily rich portrait of a way of life and a web of connections that persist in the face of personal loss and historical change (Scott).
The male sends the pollen out in the breeze, not knowing where there might be a female tree.
Mr. Sharon's response to today's bombing, if it remains restrained, may have the same effect, while also underscoring the cooperative relationship he has built with President Bush.
Mr. Harrell's message was vague in both time and place, the judge said, and it was unclear who the victims were, and the degree of their suffering.
Dayton Duncan, co-producer and co-writer with Mr. Burns, said, ''We included Twain because we think he is arguably the most important American writer -- certainly the best known and best loved.''
The students' photography lines the walls, and each of the six classrooms is equipped with at least one iMac computer.
But by the end of the year, the Coast Guard withdrew the final vessel despite objections from officials and anxious residents, including many who said they wanted the plant closed permanently.
Mr. Pappano sees his role, then, to be more than conductor.
The witness, Mark T. Peters, manager of the Science and Engineering Test Project at Los Alamos National Laboratory, replied, ''I don't know if I'd say 'barely.'
The infertility requirement does not apply to the millions of New Yorkers on Medicaid, the government health insurance plan for the very poor; to people who buy individual policies; or, of course, to people who have no insurance.
When the Labor Department reported yesterday that the steep job losses that characterized recent months had begun to taper off, stocks added a bit to their gains for the week.
But couples still come here to court, and you can still buy coconut candy, churros or corn on the cob from vendors, or have your portrait taken by an itinerant photographer using a bulky, old-fashioned camera on a tripod.
You will not have so many seventh and eighth graders raised in both having to choose.
He has developed a prototype for a ''universal virtual computer'' -- a system with architecture and language designed to be so logical and accessible that computer developers of the future will be able to write instructions to emulate it on their machines.
It took him a week after the Passover massacre to decide to send Colin Powell to the region.
The plant is under a microscope, partly because the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks have returned public attention to the hazards of nuclear power.
Shares of medium-sized companies have been strengthening, perhaps reflecting a belief among investors that because these companies were more obscure, their managements did not feel the need to resort to aggressive accounting to meet or beat their financial forecasts and prop up their stocks.
No one was seriously injured in the accident, which took place at the site of what is perhaps the most ambitious redevelopment project so far in Lower Manhattan: the $50 million reconstruction of the Winter Garden at the World Financial Center.
The notion came from painful visits to his mother during stays in hospitals like prisons and treatment like electroshock.
She is widely revered as performer, mentor and person.
''It's crunch time and it's a tough market,'' Boggs said.
And Mrs. Wiener said, ''No parents have called and said they do not want their child tested.''
Palestinians said the cameraman, 21-year-old Tamer Ziara, was hit when Israeli soldiers fired warning shots to keep the marchers out of a restricted area and the bullet ricocheted.
''It was a rooftop whizzing by in a tornado.''
Banning technologies like ElcomSoft's Advanced eBook Processor, which can decrypt Adobe's electronic books, amounts to prohibiting free speech, they said.
This surprising result is the kind of discovery that can pique interest in numbers even in students indifferent to math.
Mrs. Arroyo, the only leader in Asia to invite American troops since Sept. 11, argues that she took political risks in accepting President Bush's offer of training for her army and help in hunting a gang of Muslim kidnappers, known as the Abu Sayyaf, on the southern island of Basilan.
Since then, however, anyone wanting to catch a glimpse of Paul Newman would likely need to head to the multiplex.
''There's no creation of wealth without the necessary infrastructure -- and that infrastructure demands outside aid,'' Mr. Chirac said.
Tim Gerak, one of its guitarists, recently quit his day job.
When you are with a pro club, even at the youth rank, it's competitive, serious.
The only run Leiter surrendered came after his curveball hit Luis Rivas's shin with a 1-2 count and the bases loaded in the fifth inning.
Most Saturdays and Sundays at 2 p.m. (except Nov. 30, Dec. 1, Dec. 8 and Dec. 15) through Jan. 26, with additional shows on Dec. 26, 27 and 30.
''I think once options earn the money that they ought to be calculated in the dilution of -- yes, be part of the -- that they ought to be dilutive in their earnings-per-share calculations,'' Mr. Bush volunteered in response to a question about changes in corporate governance.
Greg Jenkins led Iona (10-13, 7-5) with 24 points and 10 rebounds.
But if he pays no mind to his press, why would he hide historic art behind ''TV blue'' curtains?
''It's like the TV market in 1961,'' said Mr. Sagawa of Sanford C. Bernstein.
Mr. Norman moved from New London to New Jersey in 1995, the same year he made his final appearance with the symphony conducting Liszt's ''Preludes'' to a standing ovation.
Technology is 26.2 percent, versus 14.9 percent for the Russell.
''The necessary next step,'' he said, ''is for the Yugoslav government to take those indicted into custody and transfer them to The Hague as soon as possible.''
But he answered a call for volunteers to undertake an unspecified hazardous mission, hoping to avenge the combat death of a brother in the Royal Navy.
Rufus thinks he understands though, and contemplates intervention.
Though Doublemint retains a duality approach, the twins have been replaced by 21st-century sisters, the tennis stars Serena and Venus Williams.
''He essentially threaded the needle,'' said Marshall Wittmann, an analyst with the conservative Hudson Institute.
Walsh even credited the C.F.L.
HELENA, Phil's wife: ''Me, too.
''I think it's a matter of record that energy and utility lobbyists have had a heavy hand in shaping the pollution policies of the current administration,'' he said.
As a result he was appointed Club Historian.
''We were regularly beaten with rifles and sticks if, for example, the Japanese were not happy with our work.
''Two of them were in this group.''
But an alert customs official spotted a weapon in the luggage, and after a brief gun battle, the coup failed and the mercenaries made their getaway.
It's an admirable demonstration of her organizational acumen and wirey drawing style.
The farm is now about 240 acres.
''Another bad night, maybe he gets a day off,'' Soriano said.
This would be a serious setback for American oil interests and investment in that region.
The suspended trial of four men charged with the kidnapping and murder of the Wall Street Journal reporter Daniel Pearl was moved today to Hyderabad from Karachi for security reasons, officials said.
The LE's four-speed automatic transmission worked well with the engine, upshifting and downshifting smoothly.
Safety Clayton Smith blocked a field-goal attempt in the final seconds after Brian Mann scored two touchdowns as Dartmouth defeated previously undefeated Yale, 20-17, yesterday in Hanover, N.H. Tyler Lavin added field goals of 27 and 22 yards and Mike Giles rushed for 164 yards on 34 carries for the Big Green (1-3 overall, 1-1 Ivy League), which avoided tying the school's longest losing streak.
''It's obviously frustrating to give them a run like that,'' Pettitte said.
They appeared along with immaculate pictures of skinny models, still lifes, the Duchess of Windsor and Igor Stravinsky.
Celeste Holm is one of Charlie's multiple girlfriends, who figures she can't be picky; after all, she's 33 and single in New York.
But today many said they could accept a $400 billion program.
More than a dozen states plan to distribute the drug to people near nuclear power plants.
In the year ended March 31, the group posted a 284 billion yen ($2.37 billion) net profit by buying loans valued at 1.08 trillion yen ($9.02 billion), Takayuki Okuno, a spokesman for the agency, said.
The family plans to go tubing, boating, fishing and camping on the beach, and Mr. Gomes said he was going to teach all the children to sail.
Twigger is an old-fashioned adventurer masquerading as a lazy, macho, naïve neurotic with attention deficit disorder.
He has had his third straight 3,000-yard passing season, the first for Oakland in 32 years.
While he debates the finer points of septic tanks, Mr. Varnedoe glances out his window overlooking the space that was the museum's sculpture garden, now a construction site as a mammoth expansion project, costing more than $500 million, begins to take shape.
And it seems unlikely that most of us will remember this feat a few years hence.
She used to look out her window and see the towers.
That means that the Republicans will find it difficult to turn his statement into a television advertisement, as might otherwise have been likely.
According to Iraqi opposition leaders and experts on Iraq, its approach remains plagued by differences over who should lead the dissidents and who would rule the country most effectively if Mr. Hussein were overthrown.
Coach's results arrive in the current dismal retail environment, which seems to have hit the luxury sector particularly hard.
Two years ago, Martina Fausch of Mill Valley, Calif., turned 40 and altered her life style, quitting her high-level position at a telecommunications company and entering a graduate program to become a sex therapist.
Including the Mets, these new, intriguing Mets.
Born in Melrose Park, Illinois.
''We see the irony,'' Ms. Oxhorn-Ringwood said.
In the corresponding period, annual asking rental rates have fallen to $5.75 a square foot from $6.16.
Mr. Abed has his own family now, living in what was his parents' house.
Memorial services will be held at 11:00 A.M., Monday, November 18th in the Palms Presbyterian Church of Jacksonville Beach, FL with the Reverend Dr. Thomas W. Walker and the Reverend Carol DiGiusto, officiating.
Still, analysts said some selling was to be expected given the increase in the market in February.
But the Denver doctors say their continuous scrutiny enables them to spot weaknesses in their work before they do inordinate harm.
Bane and the other dog, Hera, have since been destroyed.
Typically, such a bill would go to the Public Works Committee, whose chairman is James Maisano.
Fox filed suit against N. S. Bienstock, the agency that represents Ms. Zahn.
''Death of a Matador,'' made in Hayter's atelier in 1938, shows the influence of Picasso, especially ''Guernica.''
These kiosks, known as automated convenience stores (a better name might be RoboShop), are similar to multipurpose vending machines already operating in Japan and some cities in the Netherlands, Belgium and other European countries where labor is expensive and real estate is scarce.
The most rigorous analysis is in a new paper by Alan Krueger of Princeton University and Jitka Maleckova of Charles University, and they find no correlation between involvement in terrorism and either poverty or illiteracy.
CBGB quickly filled a void left by the (literal) collapse of the Mercer Arts Center, where the New York Dolls had played, and the closing of Max's Kansas City, where glam-rock had held sway.
If the board has not enforced the rule for 27 years can it do so now?
''I'll sleep hugging a two-liter Pepsi bottle filled with ice.''
In Japan, sales and profits were up, largely because of Coach's purchase of its distribution network there in January 2002.
This year only Yale has taken its men's heavyweight and lightweight boats to San Diego.
Pakistani society, she said, places deep value on a woman's honor and chastity, both of which evaporate as soon as she accuses someone of rape.
In Midtown that percentage is higher, while in poor parts of the city, elderly people and families make up the majority of redeemers.
The discomfort from the field becomes worse as the shark approaches until it causes muscle spasms and prompts the shark to turn away.
''I think in the last five years or so we've seen a lot of parents come into the picture.
He fashioned a life of imagination, creativity, invention and brilliance, distinguishing himself in the worlds of entertainment and philanthropy.
We will miss his eloquent and passionate voice.''
As part of an all-out campaign to regain Republican control of the Senate, Mr. Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney have personally prodded candidates into running.
Among the first handful of speakers were two men who perfectly personified the rift.
He eventually sold those trees to a wholesale nursery for roadside plantings.
''They are part of a generation of mostly Dutch architects for whom architecture doesn't start with program and materials, but as an investigation into social and economic forces,'' said Aaron Betsky, the director of the Netherlands Architecture Institute.
The White House did not release any other information about Mr. Cheney's health.
It should hire someone from outside the industry, not only from outside Interpublic, because ''they need balance and really, really fresh blood,'' she said.
Not a bare midriff in the bunch, much less a bra.
is palpitating over his talent.
But some economists suggest that approach has its pitfalls, too.
Just after the attack, when it appeared to the State Division of Cemeteries that 8,000 to 10,000 people might need burial, the agency asked cemetery executives how quickly they could inter the dead and in what numbers.
Given the present shortage of Catholic priests, might it not be prudent to grant another exception to the rule of celibacy and receive former Roman Catholic priests who left to marry back into the fold?
LITCHFIELD -- ''A Year to Remember, 9-11-01,'' Wed., 7 p.m., Wisdom House, 229 E. Litchfield Rd.
The county now charges $400 to review applications for building permits.
Nicklaus, who is 62, said, ''I'm sore, stiff, and delighted to be that way.''
He ran, heightening the suspicion of the police.
The Spanish tenor José Carreras will sing at a pre-festival gala on Jan. 31 and the American soprano Barbara Hendricks will be host at the opening on Feb. 15.
A moment later, as the crowd in Arthur Ashe Stadium stood in reverent applause, Sampras greeted Agassi at the net with an embrace.
A senior military official said the drug lord, who was not identified, was a former member of a Taliban council of elders who came forward after the new American-backed governor of the region, Gul Agha Shirzai, persuaded the man to cooperate.
''What is happening now is the accumulation of a historic process,'' said Luis Olmedo Iza, who shapes economic policy for the Ecuadorean Indigenous Nationalities Confederation.
If a court rules that the Times Mirror transaction was properly considered a tax-free stock swap, then such transactions could proliferate, costing the government an untold amount of tax revenue.
The county is full of Marshes.
In a debate on Friday in Parliament, leaders of the governing coalition and the political opposition uniformly expressed disillusionment with what they see as the United States' failure to use its influence to halt acts of terror against India that they charge are sponsored by America's ally against terrorism, Pakistan.
d. What are some of the objects of “elegance and beauty” in the show?
''Now we are up to 15 to 16.''
The winner, Mr. Recchia, raised $61,000.
The press has been excluded from the Martha Stewart section of the showroom until an invitation-only tea party with Ms. Stewart this afternoon.
''We really don't know what information they are talking about,'' said Bonnie Habyan, a KeySpan spokeswoman.
But in 1992 his outspokenness finally provoked the conservative Guardian Council into barring him from running for most elected posts and sentencing him to a month in solitary confinement.
Later, Frank told me that he had asked Simon the same question, but that he wouldn't pack a thing.
South Korea filed a protest, but the I.S.U.
You want to make sure that you consult with people in other parts of the world who have done memorials, and look and see in retrospect what they learned, because doing something today isn't the issue.
Labatt is a venture of Labatt Breweries of Canada, part of Interbrew, and Formento Económico Mexicano.
The surprise was that the Texans won.
Soft-shell crabs amandine pair nicely with soft polenta, but a harsh anchovy coulis creates an annoying dissonance.
It assumed a far lower rate of growth in Medicare expenses than anyone else thinks plausible -- over all, it budgeted $300 billion less over the next decade than the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office projects will be needed.
He was the beloved husband of Sally Kramer to whom he was married 60 years.
discount card that can be used at a variety of attractions.
Some blame genetically engineered insects from Pakistan; others, laser-equipped terrorists.
If the director, Victoria Liberatori, had a revisionist story to tell, about a corporate executive who loses it and becomes a homeless person, she might have been been on to something thoroughly modern.
Then came the jabs, feints, hooks, uppercuts and body blows.
TRW and its chief partner, the Raytheon Company, beat a team led by Lockheed Martin, the nation's biggest defense contractor.
Mr. Azoff remembers the episode somewhat differently.
Palmer was not the only big-name golfer to struggle on the 7,005-yard course.
It's covering up everything else.''
The center hopes to eliminate the snaking line to the women's bathroom at each intermission; the number of stalls will be nearly doubled to a total of 31.
Even though Champagne is a complicated wine to make, it remains relatively inexpensive.
Surrealistic, Baroque and over the top, it's a chaotic, three-screen barrage of hyperbolic film imagery based on James Joyce's ''Finnegan's Wake'' (Johnson).
The company sold its contract manufacturing subsidiary last year, which accounted for $542,000 of net income.
On two tables pushed together in the parlor a roasted turkey keeps company with a succulent goose, a pair of ducklings, a sirloin of beef, a leg of pork, a joint of mutton and an immense chicken pie.
Later, after a scuffle with one of the upstairs neighbors, identified in court papers as NORMAN INDICTOR, Mr. Pullman circulated leaflets that said residents had ''the makings of a psychopath in our midst.''
These include recapitalizing a banking system that has absorbed billions of dollars in losses, amending a new bankruptcy law seen as discriminating against foreign companies, reducing the size of the state bureaucracy and curbing runaway spending by the provinces.
The lone debate thus far was a recorded encounter, shown on Monday night, in which the candidates' sharpest blows occurred when they parroted their commercials.
For example, the report, based on data from 575 of the city's nonprofit cultural institutions, showed that small organizations' income decreased 12 percent from 1995 to 1999.
With its myriad spoilers and 16-inch wheels, this five-door hatchback comes from the factory looking as if it already had a date with a customizer.
In recent weeks, the companies have met with federal officials to try to resolve the issue.
They were worth nothing to me, because they'd outlived their usefulness.
Von Gruenigen, of Switzerland, finished 11th on the same slope in February at the Winter Olympics.
I'm playing the piano for the rest of my life.'
appeared to be including in its count large numbers of personnel who may have had short-term or temporary counterterrorism assignments.
Two years ago, Mr. Weill asked him to manage Citigroup's Internet strategy, which had been consuming hundreds of millions in cash with little in tangible results.
And it is true that in New York, at least, modernism had long borne the image of cultivated style in which the mass public would be educated by an informed elite.
But the foreign minister, Prince Saud al-Faisal, himself offered only a pale endorsement of Secretary Powell's efforts.
He had no close family and few close friends - and no literary associations except for Ian Fleming, James Bond's creator, whom Chandler befriended early in Fleming's career.
''When he directs you, you don't know if you should laugh at him or listen to him,'' Mr. Fallon said.
Cocotte's chef, William Snell, who with his wife, Christine, also owns Loulou in Fort Greene, has a sure hand with potatoes.
It is not wise to walk down the streets with an American flag plastered across your T-shirt.
The Sixth Precinct has also received 23 officers from the police academy class that graduated last week.
A limited number of $35 to $45 student rush tickets available at box office three hours before each show (Brantley).
''The community needs to see visual happenings,'' Mrs. Periconi said.
They stressed that little information would be forthcoming with the gunman at large.
''It's kind of like shaheed,'' Mr. Roth added with an embarrassed smile.
''The holes have all gotten to be better, and that's quite a testament to Augusta National and to Tom Fazio,'' said Love, referring to the architect of the changes.
Its rival, Sotheby's Holdings, cut more than 400 jobs over the last year.
Tracy was horrified watching the debacle at the Open's 72nd hole last year, first seeing Stewart Cink three-putt to miss the playoff by one stroke, then seeing her husband's meltdown moments later.
We like University of Phoenix Online, Education Management, Career Education Corporation and Corinthian Colleges.
Dr. Ness, of Johns Hopkins, said techniques were now being tested that might eliminate even the remaining risk, through treatment of blood with special sterilization methods.
''The best technique for an offensive tackle is to find the sidelines,'' he said.
A spokeswoman for the Manhattan district attorney's office, Barbara Thompson, said the scale of the fraud attempts -- inspired by a desire to get unjustified relief money -- was unfortunately not a surprise.
The perennial garden was neatly clipped and raked, a few rose canes dangling from the top reaches of a rustic tripod made of cedar branches.
This is by no means a great film -- the plain-wrap sameness of the camerawork would be unforgivable if not for the woman who can't quite look into the lens, even now; the unshakable shame coming from this woman accounts for a great deal.
''That is what we should have done,'' he said, adding, ''I have absolutely no problems with the opinion that Dave expressed.''
''It is sort of becoming a traditional thing for Senator Feingold to do and a traditional thing for the Senate to reject it,'' one Senate aide said.
There are many Irish car services and law offices.
Wendell Lewis Marshall was a cousin of the famed bassist Jimmie (sometimes Jimmy) Blanton, who was a star with the Ellington orchestra.
's elite hostage rescue team is the only survivor of a high-tech ambush.
We will miss him and mourn his loss deeply.
OUTLOOK: The Titans will go nowhere if running back Eddie George cannot stay healthy (last season he was hampered by a foot injury).
Of all the Aeolians it is the richest in fresh water, and thus the greenest: vineyards, olive groves and caper plantations are carefully farmed, and the upper slopes of the volcanoes are covered with scrub oak, arbutus and chestnut trees.
Outside the Red Crescent compound in Jalalabad, soldiers at times struck children, women and old men indiscriminately.
1100 East Jersey Street, Elizabeth.
Tensions have risen and fallen since, edging up again over the 2001 Memorial Day weekend, when the city did little to prepare for an influx of 250,000 hip-hop fans for club events on South Beach that had been promoted on urban radio stations throughout the country.
Palestinians familiar with the man said he was a car thief.
XL CAPITAL LTD., Hamilton, Bermuda, an insurer, acquired a minority interest in closely held Stanfield Capital Partners, New York, an investment company specializing in debt obligations.
One senior White House official, saying Congressional leaders are too quick to blame the president, said, ''The House and the Senate don't always agree with what their message ought to be and it makes it difficult to get them on the same page.''
Bristol-Myers Facing Inquiry Federal regulators are investigating whether Bristol-Myers Squibb overstated revenue last year by giving wholesalers incentives to buy extraordinary amounts of the company's prescription drugs.
''It's been seven months,'' Wexler says, gently.
He uses the expression cultural literacy to refer to fluency with the kinds of words, facts, expressions and elementary ideas taken for granted in the culture.
Griffey did not learn about the trade proposal until two weeks after the Reds started talking to the Padres.
She does, however, deliver one of the great lines in ''The It Factor,'' and her presence there may be a lot more valuable.
''If the wind is like today, we'd start evacuating from south of the plant first,'' an official said.
Sept. 11, he said, ''redefined'' everything.
Just as the city began to recover from the embarrassment, the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11 left many local people wondering if the Olympics should be canceled because they present such a tempting target.
A French snowboarder strums her acoustic guitar in a coffeehouse, an American skeleton racer hangs out with local firefighters and Russian bobsledders take in the latest American movies.
I walked out with a tear-shaped Polyform A2 inflatable mooring buoy, 15 inches in diameter, which is usually used to mark boat moorings in the harbor.
And by declaring Yasir Arafat an enemy and exposing him to enormous pressure, Mr. Sharon would suffer a huge political humiliation if he was compelled to deal with the Palestinian leader again.
The products, which include wireless base stations and Ethernet adapters, will be available in the next few weeks for $29.95 to $219.95.
The other day, Ms. France, the editor of Lucky, a Condé Nast magazine devoted to shopping, said she was looking forward to scouring the store for style trophies.
Relatives wailed in misery as they knelt beside the bodies, some appealing to Allah, others trying to resuscitate the dead.
Having come quite far himself -- the Allman Brothers are about to embark on another national tour -- he is ecstatic to see his daughter following in his show-biz footsteps.
The first night, they had a Red Sox game earlier in the day, and I think the fans were a little drunk.''
New Times received more than $8 million from the two transactions, according to people with knowledge of the deal.
Several owners described their waits as minimal and found the appraisers to be well organized.
We don't want a new tax on people who use our services.
LAST week's reports of the death of Gordon Matthews, the man who invented voice mail, sounded a note of melancholy in the world of impersonal electronic communications.
When people recognize him, as they inevitably do, he says a cordial good morning, or lifts a gnarled hand in a jovial wave, the wave of a man accustomed to being at the center of things.
One Book, One City people believe that reading as a group will turn us into a unified body of productive citizens.
One kind of violent crime, aggravated assault, decreased in 2001, by 1.4 percent.
Felix Doh, said the clash on Sunday near Blodi was ''unfortunate'' and caused by a misunderstanding.
Admission: $12; $6 for students and those 65-plus.
The revamped group, to be called Integrated Defense Systems, will be based in St. Louis and have 78,600 employees worldwide.
In the second half of the race, which included two days in the Pyrenees, a climb up Mont Ventoux, three days in the Alps and a long individual time trial, he showed his dominance and had no rivals.
''Every single juror picked that up,'' Mr. Birnbaum said.
The musical soundtrack to my musings is the Beach Boys song ''Surfin' USA,'' an expression of youthful insouciance toward anything that smacked of growing up.
Europe's secondbiggest insurer, AXA, said first-quarter revenue rose 2.5 percent, to 21.12 billion euros ($19.3 billion) from 20.6 billion euros a year earlier.
Wendt has just flown in on the red-eye from Los Angeles and talks with the hypercharge of the overtired.
After violating federal clean-air laws at eight refineries across the country, BP, in January 2001, paid a $10 million penalty and agreed to spend $500 million modernizing its pollution-control technology.
Despite what polls show is widespread dissatisfaction with elements of the existing system, voters appeared receptive to the arguments advanced by business, health care companies and other critics that the proposal was too costly or was likely to harm employers or drive doctors from the state.
''I am well aware of the toil and blood and treasure it will cost us to maintain their Declaration,'' he told Abigail.
Was it an electrical storm?
Think of the way the same song, by Johnny Mercer and John Williams, turns up repeatedly in ''The Long Goodbye,'' in a door chime, at a Mexican funeral.
When Ronald Reagan cut taxes on rich people, he didn't deny that that was what he was doing.
The question facing the exchange, he said, is, ''What can we do to assure the public that the greatest capital market in the world is not structurally broken?''
Mr. Golijov (pronounced GOH-lih-hoff), 42, has witnessed the rumble of his achievement building over the two years since the premiere.
At a public appearance on Thursday, he said the state faced a potential $2 billion shortfall this fiscal year.
According to the indictment, their company, DGL Enterprises, at 7311 20th Avenue, billed itself as a travel, education and entertainment business with offices in Moscow, Russia and Brooklyn and Mr. Trakhtenberg as president.
When school opens, they arrive at least an hour before classes, at 7 a.m. Each of the three sections -- wind, brass and percussion -- attends 90-minute classes every other day.
To the Editor: Re ''Decision Raises Questions About Discrimination Law,'' July 7: I am a nine-year member of a small tax consulting firm in Connecticut, which is being staffed entirely by its principals.
But, at the end, this region's tangle of faiths reasserted themselves.
ATHLETICS 8, BREWERS 0: Mark Mulder allowed nine hits in his first shutout of the season, and Terrence Long drove in three runs as host Oakland won its seventh straight.
The suspect, Nihad Abu Kishk, has been indicted on charges of membership in the militant group Hamas and driving a suicide bomber to Kfar Sava for an attack last year in which a doctor was killed.
The chatter in the teacher's lounge is that the students are better behaved than last year.
Treasury prices were mixed yesterday as gains in stocks slowed demand.
An officer removed the phone, then held it at arm's length, as though unsure what to do, before returning it to the soldier's clothes, unanswered.
Carolyn McAskie, the deputy emergency relief coordinator, said that she doubted the appeal would raise the full amount, but that she hoped that the appeal would bring in more than 50 percent of its goal.
Who would give up, without a fight or a bout of depression, such joyous commingling -- the pigging out, the bad jokes, the good jokes, the let-it-all-hang-out camaraderie of women who in each other's company still think of one another as ''girls.''
As parents, our failure to deal with this topic head on only permits the cycle to continue.
Once a demand for arbitration has been made -- usually by sending the demand to the other party and to an organization like the American Arbitration Association, a not-for-profit organization based in Manhattan -- the other party has an opportunity to respond, usually within three weeks.
In June 2000, Ames received the award for ''turnaround of the decade'' from an industry publication.
ZIMMERLI ART MUSEUM ''Art After Hours: Invitation to India,'' as part of ''First Thursdays: Art After Hours.''
Vick dropped back to pass and rolled left.
'' He had already introduced America to the bold, dazzling geometric and floral patterns of Marimekko fabrics from Finland, which were among the highlights of the D/R stores' offerings from Europe and Japan.
Five days before, Trachsel had become the first starting pitcher in 26 years to retire at least the first 15 batters he faced in consecutive games.
''He came out with a different strategy for this fight, but I was still able to get some shots off,'' the 31-year-old Forrest said.
It has some strong language.
''You focus on cost-cutting and productivity, you focus on constant improvement in vehicle quality and the value you're giving consumers, and you need to strengthen your brands and product lineups,'' he said.
For the record, Plessy v. Ferguson was the 1896 case that upheld segregation.
But the metaphor was a dead end, because after the terror had been played out on the screen (again and again), there was no one to save the day, not a happy ending in sight.
Four days after they were awarded silver medals behind a Russian team in the Olympic pairs figure skating competition, the Canadians David Pelletier and Jamie Salé were awarded duplicate gold medals today.
BOSTON RED SOX--Claimed OF Benny Agbayani off waivers from Colorado.
Now 56, he is serving a minimum 102-year sentence for rape and other crimes at the Wende Correctional Facility in Alden, N.Y.
Chief Michael Szczerba of the police signs the letters, which are meant to alert unsuspecting parents and spouses that their loved ones may be buying drugs in Wilmington.
Under this administration, Mr. McAuliffe said, ''it's O.K.
A few years ago, when it would no longer fit, he handed me the shirt to wear at Christmas.
The daily Seychelles Nation, which is government-owned, prints articles in both French and English, even on the same page.
By refining its proposal, the administration hopes to convince Congress, which must vote on the reorganization, that the new department would solve the problems that allowed the Sept. 11 attacks on New York and Washington to occur.
Most people here thought this was responsible parenting.''
But when America's dominance is less pronounced and other centers of power have the wherewithal to stand their ground, its unilateral impulse will serve only to guarantee the return of global geopolitical rivalry.''
Washington and its allies understood that preserving peace in Bosnia and Kosovo required a strong security presence.
The conversion of the fibers into thread was difficult and time-consuming; the plants could be harvested only at certain times of the year and had to be soaked and dried before use.
TRAIL BLAZERS 95, SPURS 76: Bonzi Wells came off the bench to score 19 points and Rasheed Wallace overcame early foul trouble to score 18 to lead visiting Portland.
The Yomiuri Shimbun, a newspaper that usually supports American policies, said, ''Helping strikes on Iraq would make oil-producing Arab nations hostile to us and cause an energy problem for Japan.''
Those of us in the industry feel fans won't tolerate another work stoppage, and we feel the great minds in this industry will find a way to work something out.''
''Men who suffered from erection or ejaculation problems, for instance, now had advice and something to help them.
Michael O'Hanlon, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution, a liberal-leaning policy research center, said proposals for a separate $10 billion counterterror reserve fund would not give the public or Congress sufficient oversight.
To hear participants in ''The Other Network'' tell it, focus groups are the most pernicious momentum killers.
Indeed, Gallagher has never had much use for belief per se.
Raymond O'Rourke, a spokesman for Morgan Stanley, said that he stood by his past statements, in which he said, ''Christian Curry gets nothing.''
An equally effective plan for securing the peace is now urgently needed.
They also find that in the United States revisions tend to be no different in an election year.
Even at noon, however, there were embers smoldering in the wreckage, and water continued to drip from the building's upper stories into its charred stone lobby.
The opinion essentially extrapolated from Supreme Court precedents holding that prison inmates have fewer due process rights in prison to hold that the right against self-incrimination is limited as well.
''But even if I don't get in, it doesn't wear on me.
She met with both parties and kept the heavily trafficked areas away from the lake.
The European Union has also announced substantial increases in its aid spending.
For Barry Skolnick, however, the city's natural barriers were merely an obstacle to overcome.
Then Mr. Kilham drove to his woodlot to check on his maple sugar lines -- another of his several sources of income -- and the new home he is building.
''Around the edges, the quality of who we have been able to hire has improved, for the holiday season and in general,'' Ms. Coady said.
It is especially true now, in the Islamic holy month of Ramadan, when fasting troops go home at 1 p.m., leaving only shepherds like Mr. Hossein between their homes and the enemy.
Louisiana-Lafayette (1-4) has been outscored 542-0 in the last 10 meetings with L.S.U.
He'll give up sex for the duration.
Yet even there -- at the bull's-eye of the airplane's impact -- other people were alive: Robert Coll, Dave Vera, Ronald DiFrancesco and Kevin York, among others.
The teacher, Fakhrieh Ammar, 35, contends with 70 children in two classes.
Last night, Ms. Mills, who resurrected her modeling career after a six-year hiatus, was the guest of honor at a party at Chateau, the former Moomba, given by Vogue and INC International Concepts, an apparel brand.
''Most of the democracies in Africa are relatively young compared to ours,'' Mr. Stith said.
Now, many officials are standing by Mr. Mugabe because they believe Western governments are only concerned about Zimbabwe's white minority, which has been threatened by Mr. Mugabe's plan to give back to the black majority land stolen under colonial rule.
Senior officials of the C.I.A.
They say: 'You're going to be O.K.
Her husband, Lee's son, is already deputy prime minister and finance minister, on a fast track to the top; Lee's other son is C.E.O.
Founder of the Connecticut Ballet, Professor of Theater Arts at the University of Arizona.
Members of Congress say that Mr. Bush has done a good job of tending to conservatives by holding fast to issues dear to them: tax cuts, environmental policies supported by industry and opposition to abortion.
Add Faulk's four receptions, and he touched the ball 21 times out of 69 plays by the Rams.
Peggy Fuerst is still eating Mr. Palladino's sausage and mushroom pies.
Then he intended to cash a string of winners: three spades, ending in dummy, two clubs, one heart, and the last two spades.
The Field Museum in Chicago explores that story in an exhibition beginning Thursday (through Dec. 31).
The murals were commissioned in 1934 as background for the nation's most precious documents: the Declaration of Independence, the Constitution and the Bill of Rights, collectively called the charters of freedom, which in an average year are seen by a million or so visitors.
An apartment they help rent has been broken into and vandalized.
The train trundled out of a tunnel, and there it was -- glowing pink and purple in the late-afternoon light, wearing a halo of mist.
The Europeans' retreat on steel comes after the Bush administration scaled back its proposed tariffs on steel imports, exempting a further 178 steel products and largely defusing the dispute.
The United States Justice Department has decided to appeal a federal judge's ruling last year that dropped all remaining charges against the two chief organizers of the Salt Lake City bid, an attorney for one of the defendants said.
In his vague discussion of injuries, Quinn implied that he thought both players were going to play last night and that is why he decided not to call in replacements from the minor leagues.
Just six minutes had passed between the time Ms. Jimenez read the message on her computer screen and called back, but it was too late.
''It's a big, giant headache of a juggling act'' for the design houses, said a spokeswoman for Giorgio Armani.
After a vet visit hastily arranged by a friend (the dog received a rabies shot -- most domestic animals only need proof of rabies vaccination to enter the continental United States), and a wondrously easy response from the airline to my extra baggage, I was on the way back to Vieques to reunite with my mother.
In the end, though, he wanted to return to the police department.
Brooke Chapin Hotchkiss, the daughter of Barbara and Sherman Hotchkiss of Greenwich, Conn., was married yesterday to Chad Alan Gould, a son of Judith A. Gould and Dr. Robert A. Gould of Traverse City, Mich.
When asked by company executives, he said, he would ''roll up my sleeves and try to be helpful.''
''I kept banging away at them until I ran out of ammunition and then the captain sent a patrol squad down to help us,'' he said.
Mass of Christian Burial Friday, April 19, 2002, at 10 AM, at St. Brigid's R.C.
And the party at Cipriani 42nd Street?
C1 Business Digest C1 World Business W1 DINING F1-12 EDITORIAL A26-27 Editorials: Slow going on stem cells; Carl McCall's letters from Albany; barring the gate to a great director; a river reborn.
''I hope Americans understand the sacrifices that their soldiers make,'' he said.
A Chinese team and the Swiss company Syngenta are publishing two versions of the rice genome today, opening what experts believe will be a new era in plant breeding and food production.
They argued that further delays in assistance would undermine Mr. Karzai's fledgling government, which has struggled to extend its influence beyond Kabul, the capital.
''We have gone from managing owl populations to managing individual birds.''
And the incident left her with no antagonism toward squirrels.
BENGALS PICK FREROTTE: The Cincinnati Bengals chose Gus Frerotte as their starting quarterback, adding to their recent custom of bringing in a new passer each season.
José Contreras, the Cuban defector who was granted free agency Wednesday, was not at the top of the list for the Mets because they have three cheaper alternatives for the fifth starter, one team official said.
The latest casualty is TV-6, Russia's only independent television outlet.
At the other extreme are ink line drawings, with those by Vikki Dutta particularly fine.
Mrs. Stone's husband, DAVID, appeared.
Jordan plans to start as long as his body holds up.
Others attach the cages to clothesline contraptions.
WITH business brisker than ever and the demand for services expected to rise in the next few years, not-for-profit medical providers like Hudson River Community Health in Peekskill, one of the state's poorest cities, and the Open Door Family Medical Center in Ossining, one of its poorer villages, are struggling.
One of the few ''best ideas'' funds with a decent track record is MFS Research.
On Thursday, Dec. 20, a morgue truck carrying Mr. Melfi's body drove to a dock on City Island in the Bronx and took a five-minute ride by ferry to Hart Island, where the city has buried its indigent and unknown since 1869.
Citing an analysis that shows stiffer prison sentences meted out in federal court for gun crimes, Police Commissioner Raymond W. Kelly is seeking to expand a program under which people arrested by the police for certain crimes can be prosecuted by federal authorities.
Mr. Moss auditioned again, but this time for David Gordon, one of the founders of the groundbreaking Judson Dance Theater.
PHILADELPHIA PHILLIES--Signed SS Nick Bourgeois.
ARTURO SANDOVAL, Blue Note, 131 West Third Street, West Village, (212) 475-8592.
In fact, there were probably three of them, and no one, least of all the Roman Catholic Church, is sure which was which.
From 1992 to 1997, Mr. Hashmall was counsel to the Yonkers City Council and worked with Mr. Spencer, then the council president, to solidify Mr. Spencer's power.
In the collision area, the team had hoped to find part of the boat's stern that had been cut off.
''I'll tell you that I thought the administration made an enormous mistake not to engage with the North Koreans from Day 1,'' he said.
''No airline is too big to fail,'' Mr. Neidl added.
Dr. Dangerfield now works for the Science Applications International Corporation, a military contractor conducting the Fort Detrick study.
His wife's dream, the dancing school, lay in ashes.
These were taken at twice the tempo of all that had gone before; Ms. Morelenbaum became a happy-go-lucky bar singer, noticeably switching over from the ethereal vocal zone she had just been inhabiting.
Other ethnic minorities may feel they are not getting a fair shake and I think we need, in this day and age, to make sure police departments are cognizant of the diversities of a major metropolitan city.''
And to know it, one should go to see.
In the end, the F.B.I.
Democratic lawmakers contended that he merely wanted to save money, and was abandoning the state's nine-year commitment to reinvestment.
They also said wealthier areas might also have better access to gyms, diet products and fashion magazines.
Songs likely to make the final cut include ''Can't Hold Us Down,'' which seems to respond to Eminem's taunts about her sex life, and ''I'm O.K.,'' about wife beating; the first single is ''Dirrty,'' with the rapper Redman.
But that dimension is one the Rangers have lacked for years.
But now, he said, ''from a statistical point of view it is getting closer to a recession.''
The four-day event features at 25-boat fleet.
Before that, he worked as an administrator in the chancery.
There they were, at the end of Irvine Welsh's novel, squabbling like alley cats over their latest drug scam, while Mark Renton ran off with a suitcase full of loot -- his escape quickened, in the 1996 movie adaptation, by the rapidly pedaling legs of Ewan McGregor.
At least in part, yes.
Dozens upon dozens of portraits hang salon-style in several galleries, most of them bust-length depictions of Plains Indian men: Pawnee, Omaha and Ponca from the south; Mandan, Cheyenne, Crow and Blackfoot from the north.
They include a version with scalloping from Nine West and another in sprightly black and cream jersey from Kenneth Cole.
Nineteeth-century pioneers on the Applegate-Lassen trail used to stop at the hot springs in the area to water their livestock, to bathe and to refill their water jugs.
Anthony Roberson also scored 20 points and Rashid Al-Kaleem went 3 for 7 from 3-point range and finished with 11 points.
Ms. Byron-Marasek's nonprofit preserve operated quietly for decades but gained attention in 1999 when investigators concluded that a tiger found roaming in the township had escaped from her property.
Both shattered the previous record for largest known campaign check, a $1.7 million gift to the Republicans from the Amway Corporation in 1996.
While there were some decent individual performances by the Bulls -- Ron Artest scored a team-high 21 points and Trenton Hassell had 20 -- and they may have played extremely hard, they still, fortunately for the Nets, are ''very young.''
She is a sales specialist in health-care securities research at Bear, Stearns & Company, the New York investment bank.
But that day, there was no panic, and people took the whole situation with such dignity that I was really moved.''
To use mMode Pix, a component of AT&T's new mMode wireless data service, AT&T Wireless subscribers must have a Sony Ericsson T68i wireless phone (list price: $200), along with the Sony Ericsson CommuniCam MCA-20 digital camera accessory ($130).
Peter Lehner, chief of the New York attorney general's Environmental Protection Bureau, said it was studying the issue of climate change and might sue polluters along the lines of the successful tobacco litigation by states in the 1990's.
Under these conditions, we anticipate growth of 2.5 percent this quarter and 3 percent next quarter.''
''I don't see that,'' said Mr. Sherak in a recent interview, as he absent-mindedly tossed a football autographed by Howie Long.
In the interview, the man admitted to the shooting as a justifiable act to defend the Iranian regime.
It is very bad to fall.
Colin Powell, sensitive to flak from governments overseas, argues that a military board should review each case to see if prisoner-of-war status should be given.
That claim may or may not be true, but it's perfectly easy to understand by Catholic or Jew, or Buddhist or atheist for that matter.
The camera is being tested in Japan.
by Louis V. Gerstner Jr. (HarperBusiness, $27.95.)
''The closer you get to delivery of care, the more critical is a second language,'' said G. Thomas Ferguson, senior vice president and chief of human resources.
Executives are carefully watching United Airlines, the second-largest carrier, and US Airways, the sixth largest, as they struggle to win the big labor concessions that the government is demanding if they are to be granted loan guarantees.
''The Taliban were a major bête noire,'' said one Western diplomat.
Maybe like you're in a plane in the clouds, without having to pay for the plane.''
Her basketball style is distinctively playground, while much of the women's game is determined in a structured suburban setting.
7 Russian AIDS Epidemic A change in the way AIDS is spreading in the Russian enclave of Kaliningrad is a precursor for all of Russia, which already has one of the fastest-growing epidemics of the disease in the world.
He spots a man in a Yankees sweatshirt walking toward the stadium with a little girl and pounces.
''Even when you have a bad day, it's a bad chocolate day,'' she said ''How bad can a bad chocolate day be?''
At the Grand Wailea Resort Hotel and Spa in Maui, Hawaii, on the other hand, about 200 of WorldCom's top employees basked in balmy weather and stayed in rooms that regularly cost $435 to $10,000 a night.
A call to her publisher, Farrar, Straus & Giroux, was returned by her assistant, who said Ms. Sontag was in Spain.
Some investors and industry analysts are increasingly concerned about the financial health of an off-balance-sheet entity called CBM Joint Venture L.L.C.
It was only because she received no response, she says, that she took this final desperate action.
How afraid should we be, and what of, exactly?
The couple trade repartee that if not out of Noel Coward, is at least reminiscent of the romantic tension of ''Friends.''
At least 11 people were killed and 30 wounded today in clashes in the northern Indian state of Kashmir, the police said.
''I wouldn't have bet that any board would have believed that Fastow could fill both roles,'' said Richard C. Breeden, a former Securities and Exchange Commission chairman.
But this ruling failed to establish the pretender as Prince Paul Philip of Hohenzollern of Romania, as he prefers to be known.
''A hot-dog cart fill-up place.
The account was based on an affidavit from an informant who led the police to Ms. Mallard and had also claimed that Ms. Mallard had sex with her boyfriend in her house while Mr. Biggs remained alive in the garage.
Added Pressure on Immigrants What brought the recession into the life of Mr. Mejia, an immigrant from El Salvador, was a letter that Massachusetts sent to state employees in December warning that because tax revenues were falling, 5,000 jobs would be cut, including jobs in the Department of Mental Health, where Mr. Mejia works as a minivan driver.
With today's settlement of that lawsuit, the Environmental Protection Agency will institute a schedule for phasing in the clean air law, which will require California farmers for the first time to obtain permits for sources of harmful emissions.
With those few words, and at no cost to himself, he gave her what she needed -- a feeling of ordinary human solidarity.
''There is a tendency to want to protect the institution at all cost; people become expendable.''
But newly revived ''heirloom'' turkey breeds and naturally raised birds (without additives, growth hormones or flavor injections) can be very worthy of a celebration.
John Toner Gwynedd Valley, Pa.
''They have to do something to maximize the situation so that their local defenses can wear us down.
Unlike the ''Austin Powers'' series from his old partner Mike Myers, which includes less than elegant humor guaranteed to offend, Dana Carvey, in his new movie, ''The Master of Disguise,'' offers a film so family-safe it feels sheathed in plastic Bubble Wrap.
When I first started out I was doing ''Pippin,'' and Mike Douglas asked me down to Philadelphia to be on his show.
Cho Shin found a receipt for a week's worth of groceries purchased just before the fire.
Tagliabue was invited because he had said, shortly after the Sept. 11 attacks, that N.F.L.
Slender in tone, with lightly touched consonants and delicately shaded vowels, historic French recordings are apt to strike our ears as analytical rather than emotional, less for the heart than for the head, as much a vehicle for the intellect as for sheer voice.
He said the book, ''Tommy's Tale,'' is about a bisexual Londoner who explores having children.
Conceived and written by Tex Hauser; directed (the new version) by Doug Miles.
It also cast into serious doubt rules that prevent a single company from owning broadcast television stations that reach more than 35 percent of the nation's households with television.
Mr. Sheikh's statements in court seemed to surprise Pakistani officials.
At his shows, Ms. Deneuve inevitably sat front and center, in what the house called the family section.
United likes the idea of surveillance, but not radical maneuvers.
It was, 'Hello, how are you.'
That is, again, a lovely title and a nice play on the legal document that starts many legal actions.
Mr. Vickers, Jay Van Everen and Herbert Dole, all classmates at Cornell University's College of Architecture, designed most of the plaques and tile work on the N/R line, and in subway stations above Grand Central Terminal on the East Side and below Times Square on the West Side.
The list of potential answers for removing stains is so long that it could be its own ''Jeopardy!''
FINDERS KEEPERS Selected Prose 1971/2001.
Still, it is the outlook beyond their fields that makes farmers almost as anxious as the falling water levels beneath them.
There is conflict on that matter within Mr. Sharon's government, which appears not to have determined whether the precise end point of the fence-building project is geographic or strategic.
His reaction to her was more intense.
Under the accord, Mr. Emil will hire 33 unionized former Windows workers, up from the 16 he had previously hired.
These investors, known as vultures because they aim at ailing companies, have largely focused on $2.4 billion in securities issued by Citigroup from November 1999 to May 2001.
He said he had spent his day eating.
Mr. Williams also could have run as an independent.
Police helicopters buzzed and hovered over the county as if the affluent suburbs below contained the troubles of Belfast.
The crowd of 19,767 was the largest in Miami since opening night, and the first sign of an upswing in attendance since the Marlins' winning streak started.
''Those feet are right on the ground.
We think they understand that it is in their best interest that it be done this way until issues that affect whether the sale is valid are resolved.''
Not missing a beat, Mr. Koch said: ''I'm very grateful that he has extended the offer well in advance, so I can find out where Greenwich, Conn., is.''
Getting along with network types has its advantages: ''They bought our plane tickets because Tom postponed it.''
But there are also places where most of the Norman walls still ring the town, defining its shape and character for centuries.
Investors and analysts are best at getting a picture -- not an exact estimate, but a picture -- of a company's worth versus its competitors, based on its financial results and other data, like its reputation.
Shimmering, wavy lines of light cascade down blue, underwater swimming pool steps in Ms. Johnson's large-format, panoramic photographs.
Capoeira is a centuries old martial art that combines Brazilian music and dance with self-defense.
They marry and become the parents of an adorable daughter, Wendy (Jillian Stacom).
Late that first night, stacks of dental charts, X-rays and photographs began to pile up in the lobby.
He was duly convicted by Dr. Mahathir's judiciary and is now in jail.
The tribe plans to start selling them in the fall.
Ms. Sandresky cited John Fitz Rogers as an example.
A18 Girl in Football League Dies A 10-year-old who was the only girl in her suburban Chicago football league collapsed on the field and died three days later.
The intention is a presence on the ground in light of present reality, for as much time as necessary.''
The author ably keeps her elements in balance, so that the Dr. Frankenstein moments never become gratuitous; in fact, the unemotional narration at times seems detached, wary of lingering too long in any one place.
Not everyone was eager to criticize Dr.
Yet she refers to herself primarily as an actress.
It shouldn't be like hard plastic.''
Tayshaun Prince had 22 points for No.
The company, which is backed by John C. Malone's Liberty Media, said it would not pay 113 million euros ($97 million) in interest.
The popular perception, fair or not, seems to be that schools in the United States turn out too many students who are both intellectually and physically lazy: the kinds of students who become the kinds of adults who watch shows like ''Dog Eat Dog.''
And then there was nothing left to do but roll.
In it, the human figure is rendered with X-ray, or CAT scan, transparency, the way Aldous Huxley saw a leaf when he was on mescalin.
(''We were collecting boxes of them,'' Mr. Shelburne said.)
I don't remember her exact words, but she did make clear that it was a serious error to read this poem in the tones of Kingfish on ''Amos 'n' Andy.''
The bank says it did nothing wrong.
But wait -- here comes MONICA LEWINSKY.
The company's sales totaled $935.3 million for the three months ended Feb. 24, a 6 percent decline from the period a year earlier.
''How do we keep the night silent if there are droves of people exiting the bar to smoke,'' said Mr. McBratney, from the restaurant and bar association.
The main product of Dr. Hermansen's company is software called the Name Reference Library, an interactive encyclopedia of names, variants and cultural indexes.
We're dealing with areas primarily developed during the horse and buggy.''
''I'm ready to pick my own tomatoes with my son and my husband.
The eight-year deal was announced yesterday before the Bulldogs (12-1) arrived in New Orleans for Wednesday's Sugar Bowl against Florida State.
We stayed two nights at Jo-Mary Lake, variously using the RV's facilities (all adequate, but small enough to require some skill as a contortionist) and the hot showers and flush toilets of the campground itself.
Take, for example, the Wicked Witch of the West as she is treated by Baum and subsequently by the creators of the film.
''He did a very good job of telling me exactly what he wanted,'' Newton said.
For that, the new psychopharmacological dispensation (Feeling down?
''I have no sympathy for the criminal,'' he said.
''This is something that is tested every few years.''
''Pitt seeks probe of himself,'' read one headline.
The Nets rallied when it counted and survived big games from the Rockets' backcourt.
Con Ed expects energy use to rise again this year.
Few are deeply mourning this small step toward conformity, but making changes is often more than a simple matter of economics and efficiency.
''Obviously, I am an advocate of this type of architecture,'' Mr. Morey said.
He's not going,'' Rangers General Manager Glen Sather said of Lindros's plans.
The focus on Tacoma, the two men and the message to the sniper marked a significant change in the search for the sniper, who has killed 10 and wounded 3.
He said some of the jurors were troubled when a defense lawyer, Ronald P. Fischetti, showed that a prosecution witness from the Police Department, Eric Turetzky, had submitted false documents for a training program to become a medical technician while he was in college.
It is also one of the least annoying.
But Wall Street seems to have been surprised and disappointed that corporate executives were unwilling to forecast quick gains in profits later in the year.
Orders for transportation equipment soared 20.8 percent, more than erasing a drop of 5.8 percent in June.
Mr. Plaks teaches an education course, and fears that too many teachers entering the system have been badly educated themselves by New York City public schools and will perpetuate that legacy.
One group of clients asserts that the bank asked them to take out loans and put the proceeds into shell companies that the branch could count as new customers to impress bosses in Beijing.
He was a Lehigh University graduate, Phi Beta Kappa, editor of the college newspaper and a candidate for a Rhodes Scholarship.
Updating a Web site would be easier than remapping and reprinting a piece of paper, Ms. Kurgan said, but she wanted an object that people could have in their hands while visiting the site.
This is a responsible, pat film biography that wants most desperately to be a musical and almost succeeds (Scott).
Here, in a welcome departure, Neville Marriner conducts the orchestra, which recorded the work with Leonard Bernstein in 1956 but has not performed it in 20 years, and the Westminster Symphonic Choir.
C started acting like a dam for C-0, until at one point C-0 halted completely and started flowing in the opposite direction.
Mr. Jarecki, who co-produced and directed the film ''The Trials of Henry Kissinger,'' grew up in Rye with a father who left Germany in 1939, shortly after Mr. Kissinger, the former secretary of state and Nobel Peace Prize winner, did.
Holdsclaw was a visible and vocal presence in the locker room and on the bench after she sprained her ankle June 28 and was sidelined for four weeks.
Shares of Maytag rose $4.63, to $45.30.
''There won't be a quick resolution on this.''
Mr. Miller, 45, said he spent a year browsing real estate Web sites looking for a vacation home on Cape Cod.
''Waterbury Youth Service is involved, Waterbury Teachers and the Federal Credit Union.
Rossen, she adds, was of the ''if it ain't broke, don't fix it'' school, often deciding a scene was fine as shot and discouraging adjustments during editing.
Nelly, whose album ''Nellyville'' is No.
''We have great news,'' Under Sheriff Bob Doyle of Riverside County, said at a midday news conference in Palm Desert.
Ingmar Bergman's ''Magic Flute,'' Joseph Losey's ''Don Giovanni,'' Mr. Zeffirelli's ''Traviata'' and ''Otello,'' Claude d'Anna's ''Macbeth'' or Petr Weigl's fabulous ''Turn of the Screw'' are all fully conceived films in their own right, more or less successful.
I believe there is a mandate in any election, at least in this one -- it's that people want something to get done.
Under that measure, plaintiffs could file securities fraud lawsuits within two years of discovering the questionable conduct, instead of the one year under current law, and within five years of the date of the conduct, instead of the current three years.
C1 Business Digest C1 World Business W1 EDITORIAL A24-25 Editorials: Refining military tribunals; the art of banality; high schools that work; subtle racism in medicine.
In the coming year, he added, ''we cannot repeat the guns-and-butter mistakes of the past.''
''And there are those 1 or 2 people in 10 I can help,'' he added.
Crédit Lyonnais and a French government agency involved in the bank's bailout issued statements denying that the reports were accurate.
Though the ability to use computers and manage digital information has become increasingly important, not everyone is able to realize these benefits.
The caboose is a small show of sculptures and paintings by Grace Knowlton, whose form of choice for several decades has been the sphere, in all its cosmic and earthy implications.
Many of them concern the composer Dmitri Shostakovich, who was a friend.
''Let the inspectors in, but without conditions,'' Secretary Powell said.
that you could sit on is a no-brainer.''
The Crimson Tide flirted with trouble, then pulled away for an 82-64 victory over Morehead State last night, just hours after moving to the top of the Associated Press college basketball poll for the first time.
Those cars of the 1970's, whose designers grooved to the beat of the Captain and Tennille and owned harvest-gold appliances and avocado shag carpets, have reappeared.
Mr. Troupe, a New York native, is a professor of creative writing and American and Caribbean literature at the University of California at San Diego.
Pavel Datsyuk pulled the Red Wings to 3-2 with 6:23 left.
At the former, he operated a soup kitchen and a shelter for the homeless.
Some models are equipped to detect, and destroy, chemical, biological and nuclear weapons, though officials at the Defense Ministry said Israel had asked for a more basic version that functions solely as a troop transport.
has announced that chief executives and chief financial officers at 945 of the largest companies will personally have to certify corporate financial statements, said William D. Sherman, a partner at the law firm of Morrison & Foerster in Palo Alto, Calif. Once the new rule goes into effect in August, he said, signing a fraudulent earnings report will open the possibility of criminal charges.
Ripples from the fallout in the rental industry could be seen in sales of passenger cars at the Big Three.
2 chip maker, Advanced Micro Devices, said yesterday that it expected a substantial second-quarter operating loss as weakness in personal computer sales would lead to revenue that fell far short of estimates; its shares fell in after-hours trading.
''Your defensive linemen have to engage their offensive linemen with a lot of fury, but they cannot allow the Rams' linemen to use that aggressiveness to turn or hook them during their blocks,'' Fassel said.
''I really can't control the Giants' attitude about whether they want to re-sign me, or if they want to find another young guy and develop him.
As the White House official I spoke with said, it's basically Oklahoma City plus the Hart Office Building.
Spending on nontravel and nonauction goods totaled $3.1 billion, or 20 percent more than in July 2001, but it was off slightly from the 29 percent growth of the previous six months.
''It was a very controversial trade and nobody really knew who Byron Scott was,'' Thomas said.
Or as Ms. Carpenter herself put it in an interview several years ago: ''I have to be brutally honest and say that mainstream country music is not what I grew up with.
''I think if you hold up every project to get 100 percent agreement, particularly of tenants in a building, you will never get anything done,'' Mr. Bloomberg said.
U.C.L.A., for example, played with more passion and energy in the game's closing stages.
''I would have loved formal training,'' he said.
Helen Hayes Theater, 240 West 44th Street.
Indeed, as Mr. Chávez arrived at Miraflores, ferried from a naval base where the interim government had him in custody, thousands of supporters screamed in joy outside the palace gates.
IN QUEENS: Take the Q39 to 31st Street at Thomson Avenue.
An August deadline was set and missed as internal negotiations intensified, and then the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks shifted the administration's priorities.
Step 1 of producing any cocoa powder is always the same: after cocoa butter is extracted from cacao, the pods are pressed again to make a cake with no fat, just flavor.
Each firm was fined $1.65 million and was told to review procedures to ensure that record-keeping practices comply with regulations in the future.
Visitors can often reclaim taxes paid for accommodation and tangible goods, defined as items taken out of the country.
Toumai is older than many of us expected -- by at least a million years.
Instead, column positions change constantly as they run through the structure to accommodate the needs of every space they penetrate: 60-foot clear spans for the CNN studios, 45-foot clear spans for the AOL Time Warner offices, 20-foot spans and four different floor plans in the residential towers.
''I'm not going to comment,'' Starkey said Friday from his office.
Seen in the right light, rocks turn into a kaleidoscope of colors.
He was huge for us.''
Representative Carolyn B. Maloney, a New York Democrat who supports abortion rights and who sent an observer to the conference, said, ''This is another example of the Bush Administration versus the world that, regrettably, will be at the expense of women.''
And the Rose Bowl is a great prize.''
Emerson, based in St. Louis, is trying to reduce costs after spending about $2.5 billion on acquisitions just before demand collapsed.
But it is also tempered by a sober, precocious empathy that can embrace a varied scope of humanity without turning characters into types.
Cultural daredevils are invited to try the Chambord margatini, a French-Mexican coproduction that manages to combine Chambord liqueur with tequila and Champagne.
''We are trying to respond to a felt need in New York City for more schools for children who have demonstrated exceptional ability,'' said Harold O.
Jeff Koons, the 1980's art star, still brings high prices.
''This year,'' she said, ''every time we go to the auditorium, they talk about change.''
Presented in fairly strict chronology, the works trace Egyptian art along its entire 3,000-year trajectory from the Old Kingdom to the Roman conquest in 30 B.C.
After the diamond lead was won in the closed hand, South should have cashed three club winners and discarded diamonds from the dummy.
Smith's schemes worked well against McNabb, the Pro Bowl quarterback.
MY DREAM OF YOU, by Nuala O'Faolain.
He was a decorated World War I veteran who died six months after her birth.
Tickets: $12; $10 for those 62-plus; $8 for ages 6 to 17.
And there were some fine passages: the Largo was generally beautiful; the entrance to the Scherzo bracing.
He was 82 and lived in Providence and Truro, Mass.
A top police official was demoted in what his supporters believe was an act of political retribution after his son ran for office as a Republican.
A homesteading spirit still thrives among the tenants, many of whom have lived in the building since a small group of them helped pioneer downtown residential living a quarter century ago by taking up hammer and saw and renovating the century-old former office building themselves.
She was less enthusiastic, however, about one of my other ideas -- mixing the 24-hour news concept with the old-fashioned newspaper reporter.
This collection of columns by George F. Will, each an exemplar of considered judgment and nuanced expression, may have its greatest impact when opened at random and read intermittently.
For the lower price, you get a 1.7-gigahertz Celeron processor, a 20-gigabyte hard drive, 128 megabytes of memory, a 15-inch screen and a CD-ROM drive (which sits, with a floppy drive, at the base of the screen) -- but the iMac offers a CD burner and twice the hard-drive capacity.
''Some districts are not considering starting programs because there are no teachers.''
Strahan has a team-record 21 1/2 sacks, half a sack away from the league record set by Mark Gastineau in 1986.
He said that ''The Grapes of Wrath'' was ''now a somewhat politically correct book'' and that that perhaps accounted for the beginning of a new interest in Steinbeck.
Mr. Case, 43, pulled off one of the sweetest deals in business history for the shareholders of AOL by managing to acquire Time Warner with AOL's inflated shares.
In general, plants that have bright-colored, fragrant flowers are designed to attract insects as pollinators, and are not a problem.
Even so, that money is dwarfed by America's nearly $400 billion annual outlay, and Beijing learned from the Soviet Union's demise that trying to match the United States militarily is an economically devastating game.
Tryon was mired in a tie for next to last when play was suspended by darkness, with only Dudley Hart (80) trailing Tryon.
''Jacques is both his father's son and his father's opposite,'' said Daniel Toscan du Plantier, the president of Unifrance, which promotes French films abroad.
I informed the doctor, as I do callers when I pick up.
Talks between the union, Local 254 of the Service Employees International Union, and a cleaning contractor broke down after only two hours.
Again, independent women live on through strength and resolve.
It did not include milk used for ice cream, cheese, cottage cheese, and powdered milk, which all are, on average, 45 percent of most farms' production.
But the collection inside emphasizes the positive, with, for example, photographs of patients playing softball, putting on a play and weaving rugs in an occupational therapy session.
Claiming to cut through ''these swirling mists of distortion and denial,'' Ms. Angier, for instance, gets to the bottom of a possible calumny about Lello Perugia, whom Levi called Cesare in ''The Truce.''
They show the artist tackling bright, off-key colors, scaling up the size of his canvases and experimenting more with the effects of light.
''So far I haven't seen much spinoff value,'' he said.
The state sets the pay rate for lawyers for the indigent, but the city pays the bills.
From his window stretches the broad, palm-lined expanse of Huntington Beach.
Not only will future sales be hurt as wholesalers reduce their inventories by that amount, he said, but the company had been projecting 2002 sales from a revenue base that was far too high.
Johnson & Johnson said yesterday that it had agreed to buy OraPharma for about $110 million to increase its share of the market for medicines that treat diseases of the mouth.
In a letter to Mr. Barghouti on May 8, 2001, the brigades' Jenin group summarized its attacks on settlers and soldiers and complained that ''to this day there is no budget for all this activity,'' adding, ''all the expenses of this activity were paid out of their own pocket.''
Whatever his politics, many here say the honest, hard-working boy who grew up the fifth of six children born to Buddy and Helen Watts still holds their respect.
She is doing it for her ancestors.
My heart is no longer in my throat when Venus and Serena play.
Other bipartisan proposals promote similar ideas.
Even if they're walking around the streets on Thorazine or whatever, they're still very impaired people.
Many are too old for foster care and too young for the adult homeless system.
Because its clean air regulations came before the passage of the federal Clean Air Act in the 1970's, California was allowed to keep its own standards, which other states are permitted to choose over federal standards.
Thus, notices in the lobby include announcements of the availability of voice lessons and collectible Playbills.
Earlier this month the association barred membership to the Hemings descendants, citing a ''lack of universally acceptable information'' and calling for more research on the subject.
''O.K., from there it's easy,'' the blue-eyed man said.
Dolittle'' and ''Family Ties,'' the animated series ''The Wild Thornberrys'' has been a staple of the Nickleodeon children's cable network since 1998.
Loving father of Timothy W. of Los Angeles, CA., G. Stevenson of Richmond, VA and Anna Marie Donahue of New Canaan, CT. Also survived by four grandchildren, Nicholas and Lily Donahue and Alden and Natalie Knipe.
You can find yourself spending quite a bit of time, the way I did, in a few garages around Australia, too.
Today, the Cardinals put the leadoff runner on in each of the first four innings, but only scored twice, in the first.
Mr. Pitt, who has testified several times that he would prefer to leave the regulation of analysts largely to the stock exchanges and the industry's regulatory organizations, said recent events had led him to reconsider that view and explore whether the S.E.C.
Emboldened with second place Saturday, Cohen said, ''As far as I'm concerned, I'll be working on it.''
The glass tower is an erotic object, an embodiment of aggression as well as desire.
There are thousands of home health aides in New York City and they work hard, taking on the tasks that most people, even close relatives, shun.
''We're a traditional hotel company, and we buy traditional buildings, not boutiques,'' Mr. DePaul said.
The score for ''December 1952'' has been likened to a painting by Mondrian, but Mr. Brown has said that his graphic scores were more directly inspired by the mobiles of Alexander Calder.
Luckily, he had enough money left to buy one.
The kidnappers are fooling themselves if they think anyone will listen as long as he is held captive.
Firefighters dispatched to the spot discovered a patch of flames that they determined had been intentionally set.
The Founder and Chairman Emeritus of Hirschl & Adler Galleries, he was a past president of the Art Dealers Association, and a charismatic supporter of causes related to the arts, youth, and American history.
When O'Neal separated the two with a shove, Martin fell away.
The White House did not announce successors for either position, but some people close to the administration predicted that the president would settle on his choices in the coming days.
Though it is impossible to say whether Andersen would have fared better with a deferral of prosecution, such an arrangement would have given the firm a measure of finality in a case that now threatens to drag on for months.
Directed by Walter Bobbie, this ''Carousel'' definitely put the music first.
Perhaps the linear, 19th-century historicist view of modern times had to put us through these extreme, distorted time-bends before we could finally let it go.
''The way a powerful global company can attack an industry, get under its skin and change an industry.''
The four were also charged with membership in or support of a criminal organization that distributes compact discs to a right-wing extremist network.
Mr. Pollan has written passionate defenses of weeds and non-natives in ''Second Nature'' and ''The Botany of Desire.''
''At a time when, throughout France, the unhappy peasants were beginning to grow riotous, where the real country folk, crushed by the burden of taxation, were uproariously demanding relief from their intolerable miseries -- in this Potemkin side-show there prevailed a preposterous and mendacious comfort,'' the biographer Stefan Zweig wrote.
Inside, a sophisticated microprocessor uses special software to replace the electromechanical systems that once controlled automatic transmissions.
''Because of her explanation of point work and her classes, the point work of the dancers has grown 100 percent.''
This year, Oregon moved to a better location: 47th and Broadway.
I remember her feet, in those sandals, her strong and curvy little legs as she hopped on and off the boats.
In a statement, Jeffrey S. Green, general counsel for the Port Authority, which lost 75 employees, said, ''It's hard to imagine how a jury could find the Port Authority liable when the agency and its people were among the principal victims of the terrorist attacks.''
That is the issue of punishment of crimes as a moral issue, an ethical issue.''
He originally constructed this compact, open-front cabin for a site near the Mexican border in Southern California, where the wildlife included not only birds and lizards but patrolling border police, all integral parts of a local ecosystem.
None of those chances are paying off, especially on a power play that went 0 for 6 tonight and is 3 for 48 over the last 10 games.
I found an empty lotion bottle floating in the lake, abandoned near the paddle boats.
In essence, Swap Sub contained millions of dollars in untapped profits for its owners -- including NatWest.
Gordian Raacke, executive director of the Citizens Advisory Panel in Bridgehampton, a consumer watchdog group on energy issues, said LIPA's problems reflected a lack of planning.
When Stop & Shop came to Glen Cove it was welcomed as a member of our business family.
UNTIL the bell rings on June 8 in Memphis, the hype for the big fight is really just a talk show bouncing back and forth across the 5,000 miles from where Lennox Lewis is preening here in the Poconos to where Mike Tyson is prowling in Hawaii.
''When soldiers go around wearing blue jeans, sandals, hidden weapons, long hair, it blurs the line -- people don't know who they are,'' Paul G. Butler, Afghan coordinator for Catholic Relief Services, said here.
And they are long, with 16 inches added to the length and wheelbase of the standard models.
This Ritz-Carlton joins the existing one in Naples; the new one -- three miles from the Gulf -- is called the Ritz-Carlton Golf Resort; (800) 241-3333 or www.ritzcarlton.com.
Some people scream at the end.
Under questioning from Mr. Benedict, she said today that her ex-husband had never admitted the crime.
1 songs than any musical artist except Elvis Presley and the Beatles.
Her publishing career was spent at the Thomas Y. Crowell Company, now merged into HarperCollins.
For commuters like Joe Cigliano, 41, the problems with announcements in general are minor irritations.
I had to tell myself that I'm not going to always get those days when I'm the Santana of old; when I'm 150 percent and no one can stop me.''
Wellesley College is a better institution because of her leadership.
Laurie Goodstein A seminarian's recollections, Page 1.
Contributions over the past 20 years have included microphone equipment for the Eastchester Youth Council Summer Theater; dance scholarships at Westchester Ballet Academy; theater projects at New York School for the Deaf; tennis and karate instruction for disabled youngsters, and gifts for every school Mark ever attended.
''He said he didn't understand why I would say anything bad, that he thought I was a friend of the show.''
Mr. Burton's experience seems more typical of those on the panel.
He retired after the 1957 season with a career record of 123-108.
Adam Coyne, who works with the Elizabeth Glaser Pediatric AIDS Foundation in Los Angeles, saw the irony of spending his days working for children, but rarely seeing his own.
There are many mathematical and scientific applications for data-mining programs, especially when there is a large amount of data to analyze in the search for patterns or probabilities.
In easing the pain of others, he has been able to ease his own.
Failing that, Mr. Qanooni said the government could offer to buy guns from their owners.
The overlapping stories revolve around two families, one white, the other black, who are being pressured to sell their property to greedy developers.
The star at Nicholas will always be the impossibly young, improbably accomplished chef and owner, 28-year-old Nicholas Harary.
Betty eventually makes one effort to give back the child.
''We've learned that Broadway is unique,'' he said.
And they are worried about a large number of Web sites that still list only an e-mail address, as well as a rapidly growing number of online pharmacies that are based in Canada, beyond United States regulatory control, that cater to Americans seeking cheaper prices outside their own country.
There was Andre Agassi, trying to find himself on the court, pacing in cat circles between points.
Skitch Henderson of the New York Pops and Gregg Whiteside of WQXR will be hosts.
The last two automatic qualifiers will be decided in tournaments today and tomorrow.
These events may bond the museum with its community, but the biggest moneymaker, and the one most museums cannot afford to ignore, is renting out space for parties and other events.
But it is the WINDOWS LOUNGE bar at the Four Seasons (310-273-2222) that is the to-be-seen place to take a client for a cocktail.
Poll after poll has shown the race to be a dead heat.
President Bush announced today that he had submitted to Congress legislation that he said would reduce most power plant emissions by 70 percent by 2018 using market incentives.
''Well, I made it,'' Lindbergh said from the cockpit, dazed from exhaustion and by the acclaim.
As he glided up and down three octaves, decorating standards with every scooby-doo cliché while mooning in rapture, Tormé made it clear that his greatest love object was himself.
Enron also seems to have baffled the accountants at Arthur Andersen, the bankers at J. P. Morgan, the Wall Street geniuses who touted Enron stock, and those C.E.O.
In a visit last spring, Mr. Middelhoff told people at Napster that he had once almost resigned because he could not persuade others at Bertelsmann to go along with his vision.
Poulter missed an 8-foot par putt on No.
In the stock market, investors seemed to take comfort from the Fed's signal that it might cut rates further if conditions worsen.
The newest, scheduled to open today in Randolph, may also prove to be the state of the art.
He is survived by his three children, Jeremy, of Portland, Ore.; Abigail, of Albany, Calif.; and Rachel, of Philadelphia, and three grandchildren.
Between layouts of a blond model wearing little and a full-bodied brunette wearing less, the hobbit talks about love and Hollywood.
If you talk in the other cars, people look at you like you're crazy.
The Convention and Exhibition Center -- almost dizzyingly capacious, as if the world might soon flood into Melbourne -- invokes deconstructive humor, with a forest of leaning columns and vivid signs tilted cheerily askew.
Mike Piazza did not blame Engle for the offense's struggles.
Their home, on Gedney Park Drive, is visible from Mamaroneck Avenue and attracts so many gawkers that the block can resemble a drive-in movie theater some evenings.
Mr. Forrester today seemed eager, almost impatient, for the program and was brimming with confidence about taking on Mr. Lautenberg.
Grew said the plaque probably dated from A.D. 50 to 150 and would have been placed prominently either on a building or in a shrine.
The first cast album that John Barrowman ever owned wasn't ''Jesus Christ Superstar'' or ''Sweeney Todd'' or any of the other landmark shows you might imagine would inspire a Broadway-bound singer with leading-man good looks.
Landings could serve as spark plugs for development in the city, too, said David Yassky, a Brooklyn Democrat who heads the City Council waterfronts committee, citing Greenpoint, in his district, and Hunters Point and the Rockaways in Queens.
Liszt's ''Préludes'' managed to flex their muscle even through this veneer; Bramwell Tovey, the conductor, led it with a hopeful, stout sweetness.
He also noted that they continue to own many Waters shares.
We just need to structurally be able to knit that back together.''
How can Eldredge win without even attempting a quad?
Investment Losses Hurt Cigna Profit Cigna said its profit fell 15 percent in the second quarter as investment losses doubled.
But the GRAB is far more effective and far less expensive than building an overpass, for example, he said.
This time the game is not working.
The riots that burned through this country in the late 1960's ravaged more than 125 cities and reached into 28 states.
Home Depot picked up 93 cents, to $51.24; Lowe's rose 63 cents, to $46.16; and Sherwin-Williams rose 82 cents, to $26.70.
Buckingham Palace said its gift shops and entry turnstiles for public tours would not accept the euro.
A16 NATIONAL A22-33 Two Sought by Authorities In Manhunt for Sniper The manhunt for the roving suburban sniper focused on two men being sought by the police as witnesses, who were reported on the run and the subjects of an intensive East Coast dragnet.
His father, an internist, is retired from his practice in Kahului and is the managing partner in the Maui Clinic there.
By Christmas, some Bush administration officials were worried that India was on a war footing and might strike as soon as its mobilization was complete in January.
Mr. Safra is a Swiss-Lebanese financier whose family's banking business goes back a century.
On the patio near the front door is an esoteric piece with wings and a single eye, ''Oracle II,'' by Steven Soklin.
BOOKS ''Russel Wright: Creating American Lifestyle'' ($35) is published by Harry N. Abrams Inc. and is available at the Cooper-Hewitt museum and at bookstores.
I assured him that I would wear my dowdiest business suit and prevailed on him to try Morton's, an upscale steakhouse conveniently located on the second floor.
The Mike's Back novelty wore off quickly this season.
The production was the first Mr. Nichols had had in the West End since 1987.
Judge Jones's ruling should benefit AstraZeneca and other brand-name pharmaceutical companies, said Stuart Weisbrod, an analyst at Merlin Biomed, a biotechnology hedge fund.
When the skin comes off, their true selves emerge.''
Last year, Guangdong issued its own ban on screening to determine the sex of a fetus, seeking to bolster a rule the central government had issued for the nation years earlier.
''George Bush's worst nightmare would be to run for re-election on the agenda of the Republican right in Congress,'' said Douglas Sosnik, who was a White House political director for Mr. Clinton.
Many Democratic officials here said Mrs. Gore could possibly peel away Republican support because of her reputation as a fighter for family issues and for her high-profile drive against offensive lyrics in rock music.
Those are legitimate questions which we're focusing on now in the company.''
The company said that it was pleased with its balance sheet and noted that its cash on hand had increased to $4.33 billion.
Personal-computer makers shipped 8 million more PC's last year than previously reported, according to revised figures that include a closer count of small manufacturers, the research firm IDC said yesterday.
The great unknown in the absence of the YES Network from Cablevision's local systems is how many of its three million subscribers have fled to DirecTV's satellite service to watch Yankees games.
''We all spend all our time together,'' he said.
Citrus will offer shrimp, lobsters and fish from cold-water tanks.
Service Monday, 11:15 AM, at ''The Riverside,'' 76th Street and Amsterdam Avenue.
What had seemed at first to be fallen leaves and forest debris reveals itself as a lumpy carpet of millions of butterflies that perished in the largest known die-off ever of these insects.
''He makes a lot of birdies.''
Using impressive draftsmanship, Ms. Spurgeon emphasizes pattern, texture, line, color, space and lighting.
Other notable 2002 boxed sets that have been previously discussed in these pages include collections by the Band, XTC and Charlie Christian.
1 for the fourth consecutive week, the longest reign of any women's team this season.
And their father, wary of fortune hunters, wants none of them ever to marry.
The low fat content makes it easy to cure and made it the perfect fish for marine provisions and international trade before the invention of refrigeration.
Mother, sister, wife, friend, teacher to all: 10 years have not dimmed the memory of your grace and beauty, nor of your gifts of your time and artistry to others.
Contributions in his memory may be made to: Sheltering Arms, 122 East 29th Street, NY, NY 10016, or The Southampton Fresh-Air Home, P.O.
With the exception of Tom DeLay -- who this month announced that ''only Christianity offers a way to live in response to the realities that we find in this world'' -- no politician in power has ratcheted up this rhetorical religiosity louder than John Ashcroft.
His 10-member company, which has an annual budget of just under $1 million, also has an accumulated deficit of another $400,000.
Israeli Army officials called the talks in Bethlehem today productive, but the chief Palestinian negotiator, Salah Taamari, was clearly angry when the session ended.
One must make oneself vulnerable to one's betrayer.
Journalists in Washington were hunting for Dick Cheney for months, even as he was completely visible and accessible on Planet Enron, where he lumbered down golden boulevards.
Sparta, we learned, has a Butterfest every June.
Tari Phillips of the Liberty had a game-high 17 points.
That led Dr. Bill Kournikakis and his team at the Defense Research Establishment in Alberta to conduct an experiment.
Surely Beethoven was looking forward in this structurally daring and deceptively poetic work.
This year has been anything but normal.
PRICE RANGE -- Appetizers, $4 to $8; sushi/sashimi entrees with soup and dessert, $19 to $30; cutlet with salad, rice and soup, $12.50 to $16.
Mr. Raimi and Mr. Koepp are masters of pop realism, tossing off easy jokes and corny sentiment with gratifying enthusiasm.
June 15 EAST GARDEN CITY -- Folk Arts Festival: African-American Quilting; 11 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Long Island Children's Museum.
Democrats said last week that they had found enough irregularities to consider a recount, but Mr. Peters said he had reviewed his party's precinct-by-precinct analysis and was ''not convinced a recount would alter the ultimate result.''
In his opening statement today, Mr. Lynch told the jurors they would hear from several witnesses that Rabbi Neulander had threatened to kill his wife.
Young and Todd Hollandsworth each had three hits, and Young had two runs batted in, one on a double off Ramiro Mendoza in the sixth.
Pedro Carmona Estanga, who was declared interim president, was under house arrest as the government embarked on an investigation that could lead to criminal charges.
Yet, regarding the West Bank as their biblical birthright or as a security buffer against invasion, Israeli hawks fear that the wall will become a de facto border.
Industry executives say Premiere needs to overhaul its technology because the digital set-top boxes it uses are difficult to use and expensive.
''That's why we were able to hold the four-path and go right to the lead.
Democratic prospects in five senate and six governors' races are less promising.
And because it is a brooch, it also dares its owner to pin it to her bosom, to become intimate with it.
shows, all drawn from English television, Ms. Eaton said: ''We've always chosen high-class mysteries, interesting dramas with complicated characters.
Lynda Carter -- an actress perhaps best remembered as Wonder Woman in the 1970's -- was to be the new celebrity spokeswoman for the syndrome.
The Americans say there were reports of two men digging in the area before the blast, suggesting that the mine might have been newly planted.
Page found himself contentedly driving a green John Deere tractor, hauling a load of bright yellow lugs packed with merlot grapes.
Choices are often allowed -- married filing jointly or separately, for example, and many obscure ''elections,'' as they are called.
Like every Israeli interviewed, Mr. Sharon blamed Mr. Arafat and his aides.
''Why don't they do ours?''
(Although their eggs are impervious to insecticides, the adult beetles are not.)
The New York Times records with deep sorrow the passing of Sarah Reston, associated with The Times from 1964 until retiring in 1977.
Once they're gone, you can drink the murky but satisfying broth, sharpened with a squeeze of lemon juice and a dash or two of the spices.
Just whom Mr. Bush will turn to is unclear.
Years of drought, coupled with inadequate irrigation, have crippled agriculture while the global glut of low-priced steel has forced the closing of a big steel mill in northern Mindanao.
Championship yesterday, Ted Goin, a former club pro, was whisked away to be interviewed by ESPN.
The United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit ordered the public registry shut down until the state offers individual hearings on their current dangerousness.
''Someone's going to get shot.''
''They are there to retain their power and to seek power.''
Everything he had written was either a lie or an exaggeration.
But relations with British intelligence were suddenly and seriously damaged in 1999, with disastrous results for the Czech government's counterterrorism efforts and its ability to track Iraqi intelligence activity in Prague.
Here in Pinellas County, concerns about standardized testing and finishing the first semester before winter break prompted officials to announce two years ago that school would open this year on Aug. 7, 15 days earlier than in 2001.
The group also filed suit Thursday in United States District Court in Central Islip, N.Y., claiming violations of civil and voting rights.
For Mr. Cook, statements like that, and others that accuse him of being a city slicker without a soul, are vindication that he was right to follow his first impulse and stick to what he knew.
''Like four or five minutes.''
Disguised as weary, Cañas only looked as if he had nothing left.
Jesse Ventura picked you to take Senator Paul Wellstone's seat for the rest of this term.
State troopers have installed new technology in their patrol cars to check motorists' records quickly for outstanding municipal warrants.
John Harbison's operatic adaptation of F. Scott Fitzgerald's classic and miraculously compact 1925 novel met with a mixed reception when the Metropolitan Opera presented its premiere in late 1999, conducted by James Levine.
THE FOUNDING FISH, by John McPhee.
But at the current rate, it will take little more than a decade for America to catch up.
The deals enabled WorldCom to report rapid earnings growth, which had the predictable effect on the company's shares.
Michael Doleac, who is out with a strained hamstring, will also be in the mix down low.
Which meant that eventually, great narrators would emerge in the genre.
Mr. Orire has served as a Shariah judge for 30 years, and he said Christians should not fear Islamic law because it applies strict penalties, including amputation and stoning, only to Muslims.
It's because of what I don't know.''
Cherished uncle of many loving nieces and nephews.
By the time the buzzer had sounded, Duke had shot 60 percent in the second half and exacted some emphatic revenge on the Seminoles.
It would be flattering Mr. Hale too much to call his group America's Al Qaeda, but the scary thing is that I think the comparison would leave him feeling flattered.
The fact is, as has been reported widely and is recounted again here, defectors nearly lined up all through the 1990's to rat out bin Laden.
It basically turns retirement into a roulette game.
In all, about 9,000 members of the American military are based in Kuwait, including crews for the planes that enforce the no-flight zone over southern Iraq.
But for all of golf's country club image, in the United States there are roughly three times as many public courses as private courses.
The Art & Antique Dealers League of America sadly announces that its member, Pat Guthman (75), died Monday, January 28, at the Connecticut Hospice in Branford, after a long illness.
Das, who heard the pitcher's grievance on an expedited basis last Wednesday, did not immediately issue an opinion with his ruling, but Lloyd created his own problem by submitting his no-trade list to the Expos late.
''God, how she could cook,'' he said.
Already published in a book and in a Hugh Lane catalog, they are now being presented as art, part of the growing photographic subgenre straddling art and documentary.
''We challenge those who say that we don't need the American soldiers to go to Basilan and fight the Abu Sayyaf themselves,'' shouted one speaker, Jose Mari ''Bong'' Bue, 38, the business editor of the Zamboanga Daily Times.
''She modified and changed it so that now House & Garden is a more practical magazine, with not quite the fantasy of Architectural Digest.
Possessing a distinctive style of her own and still far from familiar in New York, she is most welcome.
On the day Worldcom's former chief financial officer, Scott D. Sullivan, was handcuffed and arrested, Attorney General John Ashcroft talked about sending him away for 65 years.
That is somewhat surprising, given all the trouble Mr. Torricelli has had.
Thibault made one of his toughest saves midway through the third when he stopped J. P. Dumont on a breakaway with the toe of his skate.
And she said, 'Father, I'm waiting for the teeth.'
In his search for answers to that mystery, he unwittingly disturbs a series of nested secrets, chief among them his own connection to Charles Manson and his ''family.''
''The old Jilly's was farther over on the West Side,'' he recalled, and indeed, until closing in mid-70's, it was at 52nd Street and Eighth Avenue, where the Russian Samovar is now.
But at other polling stations offstage, in the alleys of this thrumming border city, polling officers passed the day quietly with their pads of ballot papers: no drums, no rose petals, not many voters.
Meanwhile Eminem touted his own popularity, jeering that no matter how bad adults consider him, he had struck a chord with so many fans that he feels as if he has ''an army marchin' in back of me.''
Although each has its own features, a good idea of Pompeian living conditions can be had from even a randomly selected handful.
The Pentagon wants to be able to fly airstrikes from bases in Turkey, like Incirlik Air Base, as it did during the Persian Gulf war.
Heirs who dropped out of the labor force, Mr. Joulfaian's research shows, had received much larger bequests than those who kept working.
''He auditioned me a million times,'' she said.
Mr. Bush, in contrast, had nothing to say about who ought to pay for the war.
Most recently, the Bush administration began considering military assistance to Yemen, where suicide bombers killed 17 sailors on the destroyer Cole in 2000, and to Georgia, where a border area is believed to be the staging ground for Muslims who, with help from Al Qaeda fighters, are rebelling against Russian rule in Chechnya.
Be nice to your family.
Germany's other major banks are in even worse straits, with credit-rating agencies putting them on notice for possible downgrades and investors twitching at the slightest hint of a Japan-style banking crisis.
''Our offense has scored a lot of runs and been helping us out.
Mr. Kaufman's flailing attempts to honor the nuances and implications of Ms. Orlean's dense, elusive, intellectual mystery story are interwoven with a retelling of that story, until finally the two plots collide, overlap and blow each other to smithereens (along with the viewer's mind).
In 1985, after Advocates for Children released a scathing report titled ''Public High Schools, Private Admissions,'' a uniform admissions process was developed, based on a bell curve of seventh-grade reading test scores.
The restaurants -- That Hat of Mine, the Three Hats, the Two Deer, and There Are Days -- most dating to the first half of the 19th century, still serve quality traditional favorites: njegoseva persutto (a thin ham usually served with kajmak, a rich spread that's equal parts butter and cheese), karadjeordjeva snicla (snicla means schnitzel), and filet mignon in mushroom sauce.
Story lines for the character are in development, but the show is expected to confront serious issues about H.I.V.
''Without exception, every lender was putting more money into real estate for 2002 than in 2001,'' Mr. Csontos said, ''with growth of between 5 and 25 percent.''
ROYALS 3, WHITE SOX 2: Miguel Asencio earned his first major league victory, beating host Chicago.
Members of the banned groups reacted with outrage today, with some calling General Musharraf a puppet of America and the enemy of Islam.
An advisory committee to the Lower Manhattan Development Corporation made up of family members of victims of the attacks has begun discussions about the permanent memorial, and a time frame for its development will be laid out this summer, said Matthew Higgins, a spokesman for the development corporation.
Major political liberalization in Egypt would inspire democrats elsewhere.
The Justice and Development Party fielded respected diplomats and bureaucrats as candidates and was careful not to offend the military during the campaign.
Mark Regev, a spokesman for the Israeli Embassy in Washington, said his government was taking pains to ensure that it did not interfere with American politics.
With the addition of Cadê, Yahoo Brasil will become the third-largest Internet site in Brazil, Latin America's largest Internet market.
''I was born with a joyful heart, but I'm extremely sensitive,'' she went on.
The Israelis held their fire.
Let the children have their Tootsie Rolls and mini-Milky Ways.
At Dessau, the Elbe meets the smaller Mulde.
At 11 a.m. yesterday, he was in the Garden with the miniature poodle.
It's not a game anymore; it's just about money.
Largely ignored much of the season, the Bulldogs won their second Southeastern Conference tournament title and earned an automatic N.C.A.A.
Red Bank fought off Beaumont of Ohio (11:45.82) and Kinetic Track Club of Saratoga, N.Y. (11:47.76) to win and bettered the meet mark of 11:43.60 set last year by Boys and Girls High of Brooklyn.
Honestly, I was more concerned with myself than I was with Tiger.
Or, more humbly, you might descend stone steps leading to the community's cistern, feel the ghostly weight of a water jar, hear the rush of rain in the adjacent sluice.
''It would have been easier to fight him if he wasn't so likable.''
Some industry analysts say the proposal would also hurt the Pentagon's efforts to encourage foreign governments to invest in development of the Joint Strike Fighter, which is projected to cost more than $200 billion, making it the largest weapons program in history.
That attack was widely seen here as a retaliation against the government's policy of siding with the United States and cracking down on extremist groups in Pakistan.
Mr. Mohammed, who was circling the block, never had a chance.
You score on Ron, he's really angry, to the point where he's beating himself up.
Mr. Arend said its control tower was the first to be under the auspices of the Civil Aeronautics Authority.
There are always questions surrounding Hernández, the Yankees' version of Austin Powers.
Toothy Smiles, Dental Character The crowd was listless, and the Foxxy Cleopatra look-alikes were wearing show-every-molar smiles that seemed a bit forced.
The bridegroom is a senior investment banking associate at Goldman, Sachs in New York.
Mr. Janiszewski, of Deutsche Bank, sees a major problem in state intervention because, he said, ''the government has no guts to reverse the situation in a decisive way.''
The Madonna busts will be sold to celebrate the 500th anniversary of the statue's presentation to the church, and each buyer is being offered a private tour of the Vatican Treasury and the Vatican Museum.
Are retailers good long-term investments?
Off Broadway *+ ''THE CARPETBAGGER'S CHILDREN.''
The door from the bathroom to the food preparation area, for example, locks electronically and can be opened only if you put your hand on a sanitizer -- an elegant way around those ''Employees Must Wash Hands Before Returning to Work'' signs.
''If it's the right deal, I'll make a deal, with a strong preference to having a deal still help us this year.
Each company used break-dance moves very differently.
There was a bit of sharing, and the singing chorus floated around as required.
''He's going to think through the options.''
Hybrid Handel Many a ''Messiah'' is sung these December nights, but the one on tap for 6:30 tonight under the 100,000 holiday lights at the World Financial Center Winter Garden has a different take on Handel.
The recently opened FOUR SEASONS HOTEL at Canary Wharf (0207-510-1999, $360) has a 24-hour business center, health club and spa.
A Hawaiian girl befriends a creature from a faraway planet.
''I do think that you need drug treatment,'' District Judge Elsa Alcala said.
Last week, witnesses testifying before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee estimated that rebuilding a stable Iraq could take a 20-year commitment and cost American taxpayers billions of dollars.
But he also endured some painful sequences.
This is an attitude that some have characterized as ruthless: that cold detachment, that remove, that allows writers to make a commodity of the lives of others.
''The law is well-accepted in all social groups,'' said the interior minister, Otto Schily.
They also are pushing for the bishops to address their own culpability in having shifted from parish to parish priests they knew were abusers.
''The key to de-escalation really rests on the need for concrete action by Pakistan,'' said Nirupama Rao, a spokeswoman for Indian's ministry of external affairs.
The conflicting opinions put the boxing commission under pressure.
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, chronic sinusitis is the most common long-term illness in the United States, affecting more Americans than asthma, arthritis and congestive heart disease.
By the time a Glock and an AK-47 make their appearances, and one character has his nose cut off while being tortured, you may not be laughing.
In Zimbabwe, which normally exports food, President Robert Mugabe's assault on white farmers has drastically cut food production.
The words were said 106 times in 12 minutes.
An honor guard dressed in old Soviet-style uniforms marched in an awkward high-stepping gait before a gun carriage bearing the coffin, with a discordant military band playing mournful Afghan music.
The artists Christo and Jeanne-Claude came up with a plan 23 years ago to erect gates draped in saffron-colored fabric in Central Park.
So does Brûlé have any regrets about giving up his bully pulpit?
Blake barged into the top 25 with a slingshot for a forehand and an appeal that crossed every demographic.
The crystal palace of the train station has now evolved into the airport, the mass transit node of the multinational era.
One way to drive plasticity in the adult brain is to break what has to be learned into smaller steps.
That's why we did our homework early on Yao Ming.
Separately, the Israeli Army said it found documents showing that officials of the Palestinian Authority wanted to build a factory to make nitric acid for use in explosives.
The thought comes to mind to quit, but they say, no, you have to do this.''
Yo, Little Red, You Go, Girl!
He is, after all, both in his garden and his studio, a chaser of the sun.
Mr. Bonilla's riposte: ''I only answer to my voters and to my constituents, and we've gotten along fine over very many years.''
A paleoanthropologist who has studied and written about Neanderthals, Dr. Tattersall was getting his first look at a virtually complete skeleton from this famously extinct branch of the hominid family.
Following a bloody encounter with the indigenous population, the ship hurried off to an island now known as Mili Atoll.
HOW many Americans born after 1960 have a sense of who Dwight D. Eisenhower was, or why he was so revered?
WITH: Vivienne Benesch, Erica Berg, Elzbieta Czyzewska, Mark DeChiazza, George De La Pena, Philip Gardner, Richmond Hoxie, James Lorenzo, Denis O'Hare, Jimena Paz, Andrew Robinson, Paola Styron and Julia Wilkins.
''It was nice being in the shadows of those two huge buildings; now I don't know what it's going to be like,'' said Ms. Moore, one of 125 Cedar's original residents , who now wakes with a start from dreams of walking through the trade center.
And that is going to be contentious, painful.''
The site, maintained by Lee Dyer of Tulane University, is www.tulane.edu/~ldyer/lsacat/descriptions/catdes.htm.
Well, summer will probably be over by then.
''We don't want to put him in harm's way,'' Jets Coach HERMAN EDWARDS said.
Glavine, a left-hander, has allowed two earned runs or fewer in 19 of 27 starts this season.
The suspect, Darko Mrdja, 34, was pulled out of his car by NATO-led soldiers on Thursday in the Bosnian Serb town of Prijedor.
Yet the difference is that while Mr. Jacobs now belongs firmly to the establishment, through his French partner, LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton, he still identifies with the younger crowd.
Attack submarines have become critical to the clandestine gathering of electronic intelligence, yet the Navy has only one submarine construction program left -- the Virginia class -- and that program is producing only about one boat a year.
But fashions change in death, as in life, and the inscriptions on headstones today are much less likely to venture beyond the basics: name, date of birth, date of death.
''If Sam was cooking in the station tonight, I would come in for it,'' he said.
Acts to Shrink Endangered Species Habitats'' (news article, March 20): Instead of caving in to West Coast developers, the Bush administration should thoroughly evaluate the economic advantages of protecting the habitats of endangered species.
''Our research shows that health was on a downward trajectory long before Columbus arrived,'' Dr. Richard H. Steckel and Dr. Jerome C. Rose, study leaders, wrote in ''The Backbone of History: Health and Nutrition in the Western Hemisphere,'' a book they edited.
''Derrida,'' the adoring and adorable documentary on the philosopher Jacques Derrida by the filmmakers Kirby Dick (''Sick: The Life and Death of Bob Flanagan, Supermasochist'') and Amy Ziering Kofman, presents Mr. Derrida, the so-called father of deconstruction, as quick-witted and impish.
Cherished grandfather of Zachary, Ethan, Matthew, Emily and Michael.
The last part of ''Law in America'' is devoted to the 20th century and the rise of the regulatory state.
By 1900, $2 million had been spent, but it seemed that little had been achieved.
True to form, the winners were happier than the losers, and the home team won more medals than usual.
B1 ARTS E1-8 OBITUARIES B8 SPORTSMONDAY D1-10 Bledsoe Dealt to Buffalo The New England Patriots traded quarterback Drew Bledsoe to the Buffalo Bills after a career in which he rewrote the Patriots' record books but watched as his former backup led the franchise to its first Super Bowl championship.
That means veterans who were paralyzed in combat often have to wait for medical visits behind veterans with minor ailments unrelated to their military service.
The firm denies that the orders for the destruction of documents came from the top and that the company acted in a corrupt way.
''This atelier was my genius loci, it felt like a small country mill,'' he said.
Ventura deserves some blame for the Mets' plummet from National League champions in 2000 to a record of 82-80 last season: he hit .237 with 21 homers and 61 runs batted in.
He refused to entertain the suggestion that even a single one of the administration's decisions was influenced by election-year politics.
It was my case that moved Congress to take up the No Fear bill.
The promotions help drive sales of big-ticket products, particularly appliances, but the worry is that they do not reflect the full amount of outstanding debt on the company's books.
Dr. Juzaitis once supervised Dr. Lee, through several layers of management.
That the Berrybenders, with their centuries of nobility, are every bit as savage as the so-called savages?
First we try to make sure all interconnections will work and organizationally the system will be there when we need it.
He never cracked a smile.
's daughter, Perdita, who grew up with two mothers.
; 38, Fiduciary Trust International Lake Carmel Driscoll, Stephen Patrick; 38, New York Police Department Patterson Blackwell, Christopher J.; 42, New York Fire Department
By contrast, 8 percent of people with employer-sponsored health coverage and 8 percent of elderly people with Medicare said costs prevented them from obtaining medicines.
For her 70th, held at the Mondavi vineyards in the Napa Valley, 120 friends managed to keep a secret until they shouted ''Surprise!''
The brash, low-cost WestJet, which models itself on Southwest Airlines of Dallas, has reported profits for 22 consecutive quarters.
The Cyclones' season opens June 18 at Staten Island, with the home opener in Coney Island on June 19 against the Yankees.
So do the Brazilian stars Sissi, Katia and Pretinha, who all play for San Jose.
While the debate, like many gun issues, is clouded by ideology, much of the argument is over how well such a system would work.
So which one of the quartet of lightly raced, late-blooming horses emerging from the Wood Memorial will capture the Derby?
Mr. Godineaux, 32, was deemed mentally retarded, which made him ineligible for the death penalty under state law.
Maoist guerrillas fighting to overthrow Nepal's constitutional monarchy killed 32 policemen in an attack that came after a state of emergency was extended three months.
Education officials said both men felt marginalized under Chancellor JOEL I. KLEIN, whose inner circle does not include many old-timers.
I really believe that the way he looks at things was not adequate.''
''To the victims and their families, wherever they may be, I express my profound sense of solidarity and concern,'' he said.
And walks, which would be allowed under the agreement, would never be the same.
He carried 39 times for 153 yards, and his big day helped Schottenheimer preserve an impressive winning streak against the Raiders.
Lard in Mexican cookery is now the norm, but it was actually introduced by the Europeans in the 16th century.
The newspapers also hope that they can expand the types of products and services that are advertised.
Three times around make a mile.
''The Shield,'' on Tuesday nights, which was previously titled ''Rampart,'' is set in a fictional high-crime area of Los Angeles that is forced to deal with grim crimes and pathological criminals.
and she'd say, 'Yeah,' '' Mr.
Sally is survived by her husband Tom, and her children Tommy, Annabel, Nicholas, Garrett and Aidan, by her parents, Bill and MaryLou Watchman, by her brothers Greg and Bill Watchman, and by her mother and father-in-law, Thomas and Cathryn Burchill.
The rule proposed by the International Accounting Standards Board would let companies report higher profits in the year they realized those tax benefits.
''And you can't talk wine with them.
Since Sept. 11, thousands of Broadway theatergoers have been buying their tickets in a strikingly different way -- much more spur of the moment rather than far in advance -- and anxious producers say the change promises to have long-term effects on how shows are booked, marketed and priced, and even on how much stars will be paid.
According to one person briefed on the details, investigators are focusing on the accuracy with which financial information was disclosed to investors, as opposed to issues of accounting fraud.
At a meeting in Montreal last week, the program's organizers reported results from a survey of members and nonmembers of small insurance plans with various backers in five regions of the Philippines.
Ethically, it is a subset of these broader problems.
Czerkawski has more goals than any other Islanders player except Mark Parrish and Yashin, but his game has lacked an edge too often this season.
Emory has asked its academic deans to eliminate centers and institutes that are not performing well.
HOUSE and GARDEN Two plays by Alan Ayckbourn; directed by John Tillinger; sets by John Lee Beatty; costumes by Jane Greenwood; lighting by Duane Schuler; sound by Bruce Ellman; original music by John Pattison; dialect coach, Elizabeth Smith; fight director, Rick Sordelet; production supervisor, Kate Broderick; production stage manager, James Fitzsimmons; production manager, Michael R. Moody; director of development, Andrew D. Hamingson; associate artistic director, Michael Bush; general manager, Harold Wolpert.
49ers, 29-10 SUNDAY 4 P.M. Atlanta (7-8) at St. Louis (13-2) Huge game for the Rams because a victory over the Falcons would give the team home-field advantage throughout the playoffs.
It said the moves would help it save $12 million a year before taxes.
For many in the 76ers' organization, Iverson's diatribe was excruciating, like watching a car accident unfold.
No government official outside of the foreign assets control office played any role in the decision to grant the licenses to Enron, the Treasury spokeswoman said.
A series of commercials had appeared upstate in recent weeks, focusing on the economy.
''As many as two-thirds of those who move here are soon on their way to someplace else.''
It may satisfy the demands of the religious right (in censoring topics) and of the politically correct left (in censoring language).
CHILDREN'S AID SOCIETY 105 East 22d Street, New York, N.Y. 10010.
Since Christopher Reeve started lobbying for research on spinal cord injuries, and Michael J.
Mr. Fox will play host to President Bush next week, and his stature will be bolstered by the arrest of Benjamín Arellano Félix, 49, the chief of the gang and the ''top priority'' of the United States Drug Enforcement Administration, said its chief, Asa Hutchinson.
Studio Company, American Ballet Theater's second company.
Hey, guys, what about me?''
Assignments are given to committees each week, and larger decisions are made by consensus.
In what rights groups describe as a ''victory for impunity,'' a jury has acquitted 124 military police officers of killing 19 landless and unarmed peasants during a protest demonstration in the Amazon in 1996.
Because of an editing error, an article on Sunday summarizing the previous week's developments in the collapse of the Enron Corporation misstated the timing of an online chat session in which the company's chairman, Kenneth L. Lay, answered employees' questions.
President Olusegun Obasanjo, whose 1999 victory in a military-run election ended 15 years of often-brutal junta rule, has said he will run again.
His father is the supervisor of labor relations for Delphi Harrison Thermal Systems in Tuscaloosa, a manufacturer of air compressors for cars.
In April, he introduced Mr. Davis to the American-Israel Public Affairs Committee, the powerful pro-Israel lobby.
Mr. Thompson submitted the report to the Ullico board on Tuesday and asked its 26 members to sign statements promising to keep its contents confidential.
''They had the goods on everyone.''
At a cost of about $100 million, the government recently contracted with a Canadian company, Cangene, to produce thousands of doses of V.I.G.
Her death mask is prominently exhibited, not far from a gigantic portrait of her in a hug with General Perón.
''It's time Long Island has a strong and visible leader,'' he said.
She is an associate in Kelley Drye & Warren, a Manhattan law firm.
It is not by story alone, in other words, that ''Fortune's Fool'' will captivate an audience.
The player's stunts are played back in a stylishly shot and edited cinematic sequence, and when you see your car awkwardly turn a corner, bump into a wall, reverse and then scrape some paint off before going forward again, you don't care that you beat the level; you feel so aesthetically displeased that you want to keep playing until it's perfect -- until you careen around corners in smooth, glorious, screeching arcs, until you knock over every barrel and every movement looks like something out of a movie.
In both cases, the defendants cite the Second Amendment as protecting their right to have the firearms.
Drinks at 7 and then dinner at 8.
''With a ground source heat pump, when you buy one unit of energy, you get another three delivered from the ground,'' he said.
We decided to notify the police.
He recalled how the Falcons were so focused.
Recently, drawing on his experience of working wax for casting into metal, he has turned to modeling in clay, specifically the medium of wood-fired stoneware.
I made the long climb up one last time.
Soccer's championship occurs once every four years.
He also went 2-1 with four saves and a 2.56 E.R.A.
Taking their cue from an increasingly unenthusiastic Supreme Court, Northern districts have typically dragged their feet until racially diverse districts went black and there were no white schools left to desegregate.
You sense that rather than struggling for the next phrase, his art lies in containing words without taming them.
When it went under, Laurent Katgely swooped in.
Most of what Mr. Jay describes took place in or around a Broadway he describes as the crossroads of the world, ''where Oedipus met his father.''
She urged Americans in and out of government to start investigating organizations that might be supporting anti-Muslim terror.
Services will be held at Riverside Chapel, 76th Street and Amsterdam Avenue, at 1 PM, on Monday, December 16th.
I got a re-enactment of the folksy, metaphoric lesson about procreation his grandfather had given him as a young boy.
After rounds of 65 and 67, which put him in a three-way tie with Love and Briny Baird after 36 holes, Kaye stood at 197, 13 under par.
In the fallout of the political conflict, Venezuela is divided along class lines.
Michael Klein's raw-foods diet is cushier than most.
The Project on Government Oversight has previously released documents that show that T.A.-18 has performed poorly in security drills.
A 1991 recipient of a Chancellor's Citation for Exceptional Academic Achievement, he received numerous awards, grants and honors including those from the Ford Foundation, the National Foundation for the Arts and the New York State Council on the Arts, as well as a Fulbright Grant for study in Italy.
The United States ski team had never won more than six medals in one Olympics, so Marolt deserves credit for setting a goal that may have inspired the athletes.
''Should I have talked to more people?
Ms. Gilbert emphasizes, with uncharacteristic coyness in an otherwise charmingly frank book, that she herself has been a lot more comfortable with Eustace than have the parade of girlfriends whom he has worshiped (''with rainbows in my eyes I see your beauty,'' he wrote to one) and then scared away.
Other amenities included liveried servants, hydraulic elevators and telephone service, a technological marvel given that the city's first telephone exchange had started operating only two years before.
Other former and current Enron colleagues described him as a brash but honest deal maker who reportedly had disagreements with Mr. Skilling and Andrew S. Fastow, the former chief financial officer.
''Growing up with two sisters, you either play by yourself or play Barbie with them,'' he said.
The next time, I used the far sharper pecorino Romano.
Dozens of men and women stopped traffic on two lanes of a major freeway on Saturday morning to stage a soccer match, not a riot, against their political adversaries.
''People leapt to the conclusion that Republicans were overwhelmingly effective with Hispanics and blacks,'' said Calvin C. Jillson, chairman of the political science department at Southern Methodist University in Dallas, recalling the race for governor.
''The World Series ball was a lot tougher to get through.''
City Center, Tuesday, 8 p.m.
Its flights to Japan, Hong Kong and Southeast Asia are more packed than ever.
Later that year, Bill Parcells, then the Patriots' coach, signed him, mostly to light a fire under his kicker, Matt Bahr.
Amato cried when the game was over.
Since Mr. Levin's departure, Mr. Case's role has also been formally defined as largely advisory, mainly as a counsel to Mr. Parsons.
Three Bud Light beer commercials bordered on smutty.
The Garden Conservancy's newest program is the Preservation Assistance Center.
On a recent Tuesday night in Tehran, four men and two women sat around a 29-inch television in the home of Pooya, a 30-year-old rug merchant, waiting to watch the show.
TORONTO MAPLE LEAFS - Recalled RW Jeff Farkas, D Anders Eriksson and G Mikael Tellqvist from St. John's of the AHL.
Getting the kids to soccer practice is why God created the station wagon.
Aside from what the allegations say about domestic violence and spousal abuse, the Iverson saga underlines the flaw in an assembly-line method of producing basketball players.
Graveside services on Friday, at 11 A.M. at Beth David Cemetery, Elmont, New York.
He was actually in the city on Sept. 11.
For a lot of money.
''We have been prepared to lead some significant change for this firm and this industry,'' Mr. Berardino said, ''but we have been unable to get that message heard.
''It's clearly relevant for some of these men,'' Dr. Friedman said, ''but you can't generalize from such a small study.''
A tired child may be able to solve a simple math problem, but may struggle to master a word problem that requires several logical steps.
In ''On His Deathbed, Holding Your Hand,'' drawn from the play by David Foster Wallace, an old man near death in a hospital remembers with bitterness a beloved wife and the sickly son who stole her love from him.
''I'm truly happy to do something that's not focused on me,'' she said, speaking from the California law firm that has employed her for the last decade.
CVB, based in Ontario, Calif., specializes in business loans and should benefit if interest rates rise in the next 6 to 12 months, she said.
France Télécom, which owes a total of 64 billion euros ($56 billion), is expected to report similarly large write-downs on Thursday and a big net loss in its year-end results for 2001.
Mr. Gray also had blood on his hands, and his knuckles were bruised and swollen, according to the documents.
''But we really overloaded him in the front half of the season,'' Stottlemyre said.
It's a consciousness, a poetic feeling.
Especially interesting is the attitudinal mix, which includes a current of dissident, anti-establishment political anger.
But, she said, none would give her admissions records organized by high school.
Adding to the mix is a trend in which increasing numbers of travelers book close to departure, often at the last minute.
Now ''sailors sit around scratching themselves, out of work, in pool rooms, in pornographic movie houses and cafe terraces, waiting for the prince to write from Sagres and send them off in search of nonexistent archipelagos, drifting on the broad expanse of the sea.''
''When a company expresses an interest in Mississippi, we show them the entire state.
Griffey aggravated his hamstring Sunday as he rounded first base on a double in the fourth inning against Oakland.
But the accretion of evidence has done little to dampen the enthusiasm of therapists, child-rearing experts and school administrators.
They open a new season against the Steelers this evening in a preseason game in Pittsburgh.
It will feel like an oven, the heat so intense under the broiling sun that you will be able to fry an egg on the sidewalk.
The hours are less grueling and more flexible than those of the first generation.
Contrary to what he posits, however, the American play is not near death but is vibrantly alive at over 400 not-for-profit resident theaters across the country, where dedicated artistic directors and producers have made it their mission to sustain and nurture new plays.
Adrian Madlener, 13, of East Hampton, was co-writer of ''What's in the Barn.''
But ''The Lobster Chronicles'' is on sale at the island's only general store, and when she stops by, someone is bound to ask for her signature.
The Netherlands is scheduled to play the United States in the Americans' final warm-up match before the World Cup.
I'm thrilled by their outrage.
''That will not happen and was never going to,'' said Ion Trewin, managing director of the publisher Weidenfeld & Nicolson and a member of the Man Booker Prize management committee.
Merrill Lynch forced Mr. Blum out of an active role at Buy.com just before the 1999 public offering, lest his previous run-in with the Securities and Exchange Commission scare off investors.
The plot was foiled when French commandoes stormed the plane.
No age group is coming online faster than the Social Security set, and a recent survey shows that especially goes for women.
But Dr. Ornstein said there is more information buried there.
The art she made was a surreal riff on Japanimation, although she didn't think of it that way at the time: skillfully drawn, sinuous and decorative, her paintings were populated by humanoid techno-blobs that looked slightly sinister but also loopy.
Died March 4th, 2002 in Jacksonville, FL.
Police statistics show that crime in the 79th Precinct, the site of the housing project, is down over all and that murders are down 40 percent from last year and more than 70 percent from a decade ago.
Later, they transcribed their subjects' introspections and extracted elements to form characters based on the interviews.
's, can't escape the spotlight.''
Since taking office in January, Mr. Bloomberg has demonstrated that while he may not be a deft public speaker, he can be funny.
But with the help of two witnesses, investigators now have what they believe is a better outline of what happened.
The Eagles won in total yards, 336 to 184, and ran 73 plays to Chicago's 47.
Mr. Weisman starts his history shortly before Abraham Lincoln got a temporary federal income tax passed to help pay the North's Civil War expenses, and he ends during the Woodrow Wilson administration, when the income tax became entrenched a few years after the adoption of the 16th Amendment.
The issue of possibly fabricated names did not arise until shortly after the Sept. 8 article, which was on federal statistics on violent crime.
But today was a day for seemingly contradictory statements and deeds.
The median value of a house there is $120,100.
A spokeswoman for the Boston F.B.I.
But if bacteria wait and count themselves by exchanging signals and recognize when they have the number that will be successful, then altogether they make this big offensive.
Gruden, 38, had one year left on his contract with the Oakland Raiders, so to acquire the rights to him the Buccaneers surrendered a staggering allotment of draft picks: first- and second-round picks from this year's draft, a first-round pick in 2003, a second-round pick in 2004 and $8 million over the next three years.
Gloria and Sam Nissenson GOTTLIEB-Paul.
In part this is because the American bishops themselves took their plight to Rome.
When my husband, Will, and I began dating 11 years ago, the social arithmetic was simple: Christmas and New Year's with my family and friends equaled all other minor holidays at his patrician childhood home in Connecticut.
In the aftermath of the close 2000 election, Ms. Meek said that voters in her district, which is about 60 percent black, had their rights trampled because of inadequate ballot instructions and roadblocks preventing them from voting.
They're getting home in the middle of the night or heading for work the next morning, greeting and leaving their wives and girlfriends -- who include a hairdresser, a bookkeeper, a postal worker, a waitress and a day-care center operator -- and their children.
And that is precisely what had so worried the Shin Bet officer.
''But it's not a church issue, it's a quality-of-life issue.''
So it makes sense for the next round of experimentation in electronic writing to be directed at installing literature in space.
''It's a problem,'' he says.
is collectively owned by the 29 N.B.A.
''It's the only way they're going to compete long term.
''The absolute first take-home message is that we can identify early on people who are genetically programmed to have a higher risk of heart failure,'' he said.
Blanching is not absolutely necessary because as plants develop loose heads, their enfolding outer leaves naturally blanch the inner leaves to some degree, more so with close planting.
Other high-ranking ants, responding to this chemical signal, then surround the pretender and bite and hold onto its appendages, immobilizing it for as long as three days.
Senator Charles E. Grassley, Republican of Iowa, called her ''an agent's agent.''
''We've got to step back and look at the whole thing rather than doing it on an ad hoc basis, in the middle of the night agreeing we're going to have six casinos someplace,'' Mr. McCall said, referring to a casino deal that the Legislature passed shortly after Sept. 11, 2001.
In diocesan fund-raising campaigns each year since the settlement, parishioners have come through with contributions that exceeded the goal by several hundred thousand dollars, raising $4.8 million last year, he said.
The evening, in a Midtown cooperative apartment, will begin at 6 with wine and hors d'oeuvres, with the performances at 7.
Doctors placed him on 72-hour hold for suicidal ideation and separated him from his mother, placing him with a foster family.
I have not had to say anything else but that.
So remarks from Mr. Kellner like ''We're firing on all cylinders'' and ''We're a leader in ad-supported cable television'' did not exactly fall on receptive ears.
Scuba Do Tiger likes to scuba dive, he says, because ''the fish don't know who I am.''
Manager Joe Torre compared Soriano to Derek Jeter, the Yankees' star shortstop.
Now, though, television seems to be finally catching up with its future, at least in terms of the technology.
In Windows XP and most recent versions of Macintosh operating systems, you can set the computer's clock to a network time server by typing in the server's address in the date-and-time Control Panel area.
''If we ran him in the Kentucky Derby, he wouldn't be what he is today,'' Orseno said.
So life in these times -- with its divorces, complex realignments of men's and women's roles, and concerns about aging -- comes in for an all-too-familiar re-examination while little jokes about assorted topics like Manhattan and Brooklyn, the Hamptons, Maria Callas, women's bedroom demands, men's failure to communicate and older men dating younger women eventually litter the premises like peanut shells.
A symbolic turning point came on June 6, 1998, when Southern California and Arizona State played a 21-14 game at the College World Series in Omaha, Neb.
We see her extremely wounded, but we certainly see her looking ahead.''
''He knows how much I appreciate my education at Columbia.
Milan Hejduk put Colorado ahead early in the third period, but Roenick tied it at 1-1 at 15:43.
Just as important as his academic credentials, Mr. Garvin said, is his origin: he is a city kid from the concrete up.
Who is that guy, anyway?
Just don't lose it in the office pool.
What he found startled him.
All the Republicans seem to have left on their side are the outer suburbs and 101.5 FM.
More remarkably, her farce has added dimensions.
But these analyses suggest the efforts should be redoubled.
Sampras's deal with Nike has expired and negotiations over a new agreement have broken down.
Funeral Mass Friday, 12PM, at Our Lady of Lebanon Church, Brooklyn Heights, NY, with interment to follow at Nassau Knolls Cemetery, Port Washington.
Two weeks earlier, Weaver had been one of them, buried in last place.
And where does the Fed's advantage come from?
During these services, Rabbi Hirschhorn always remains unflustered and understanding, no matter what happens.
Boxy and unremarkable, like many of its neighbors, 80 Warren is easy to overlook.
''If we stay healthy, we'll make a run,'' Brunell said.
The commission also said that annual reports must tell shareholders how to get access quickly to financial reports, by saying if they are available on a company Web site, for example.
''To have so many diseases cause so many problems over such a short period of time is really unprecedented.
Mr. Bush, who came into office a foreign-policy naïf, has in this case shown that he is capable of listening to his rival advisers and fusing a foreign policy that draws from both.
''He always told you he was an optimist and that tomorrow will be better than today, and that is what he believes.''
Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg called for an investigation into why an ambulance took more than a half-hour to respond, and into whether the city's Human Resources Administration and the Administration for Children's Services responded inadequately to the Wilson family's case.
In that regard, Cajai has some advice.
But some advocates maintain that the lack of hard numbers is purely a political strategy, a way for the agency to improve its bargaining position in upcoming labor negotiations and to justify a fare increase.
''The problem with these people is that they believe that if they cry, they are going to get this process reversed.
Many annotators merely provide a roadmap to a work's structure, the easiest musical component to describe (first this happens, then that happens) but the most elusive to hear.
It includes nudity, profanity and sexual situations.
Mike spots a street corner that is not too busy.
''And it should happen soon.
''Their big brothers would go roving from the safety of their coral reefs lacking the armor and spines all the other animals take for granted,'' Dr. Norman said.
In our view, the way has now been cleared for the immediate return of the U.N. weapons inspectors to Iraq.
subordinates to ''hit hard and whenever you can'' at politicians from the ruling Popular Party and opposition Socialists.
The nation's major corporations, facing a tide of public suspicion and investor mistrust, are responding by vetting candidates for top positions as never before, looking into all aspects of their professional and private lives with an intensity usually reserved for major criminal investigations or Park Avenue co-op board applications.
Judges, district attorneys and politicians frequented the joint, including former Assemblyman Eric N. Vitaliano, who hired him as his counsel in 1987 (these days the job of legal counsel to Mr. Vitaliano, now a civil court judge, belongs to Mr. McMahon's wife, Judith).
The danger from the blood clots promoted by atrial fibrillation is that pieces of clots will break off to lodge in arteries in the brain, causing strokes, or elsewhere in the body, damaging organs.
Death-penalty opponents, unaccustomed to victory, were both surprised and gratified by a recent Supreme Court decision that imposing the death penalty on a retarded person constitutes cruel and unusual punishment.
An ingenious political innovation, sankin kotai, which required feudal lords to spend every other year living in Edo and to leave much of their family behind when they decamped, secured the arrangement by tying the provinces closer to the capital and inhibiting plot making.
Others say it is hardly surprising that business leaders would shy away.
Mr. Ray dismissed the charges as politically motivated, saying Mr. Leahy was doing Mr. Torricelli's bidding.
After raising kangaroos for 15 years, they moved their operation to Dawsonville in 1998, and opened it to the public two years later.
''We may have learned from our mistakes from the Ashland incident,'' he said, referring to the fact that a reported deadline from the sniper was missed last weekend when investigators failed to open the first sealed note in time.
To the Editor: Washington Irving strikes again!
The Mfengu favored red, black, white and turquoise and a short, dense beaded fringe.
Mr. Ruhlman faces three years in prison on the conviction, said Gary Brown, an assistant United States attorney.
''There is something kind of unique about this,'' said Robert Thompson, a professor of communications and director of the Center for the Study of Popular Television at Syracuse University.
She was an aristocrat, whose greatest passion was the preservation of Bowen's Court, her ancestral house in Cork, and yet her deepest personal ties were with writers and bohemians -- Americans especially.
''We would have to walk miles in the darkness to get home, running through the snow past high bushes that looked like strangers in the night,'' Kryvonos said.
It is the creation of Troy Dupuy, a Louisiana native who at 38 is younger than the venerable restaurant.
Mass culture turns thinking people into sheep.
I'm afraid of my 17-year-old son starting to drive.
Mr. Cameron was top editor at Little, Brown, the publisher of J. D. Salinger, Lillian Hellman and Evelyn Waugh.
The tasting rooms are free (unlike in Napa, where many charge), unpretentious and more often than not run by the winemakers themselves.
''I try to always have something for families,'' Mr. Jungden said.
Mr. Milford's Handel was blunt, loud and a little awkward, but Ms. Connolly, who made her American debut with City Opera in the title role of ''Ariodante'' in 1999, invested two arias from that opera with expressive significance, from the bitter despair of ''Scherza infida'' to the relieved happiness of ''Dopo notte,'' in which the radiance of the sun echoed in her happy coloratura.
Do you have any sources I may contact?
Many of the images, like his photograph of the sanitation workers' march in 1968 that would be Dr. King's last rally, have been widely published.
National Prescription Administrators was allowed to continue as the prescription manager when it agreed to charge $7.5 million less.
Stock of the Veridian Corporation, a maker of computer software used by intelligence agencies, rose 13 percent in its first day of trading, reflecting investors' interest in the military industry.
''Game 2 was an aberration and I just happened to get in foul trouble in Game 3,'' he said.
In no particular order, here are a bunch of reasons all of us will still love Canada, no matter what.
Though she knew the Latin names of every plant, she had a deep love for the wisdom of her neighbors, and traded cuttings and seeds, as well as recipes and advice with the country women, mostly octogenarians, who advertised in Southern agricultural market bulletins.
All that can leave us thinking: ''Oh, not again.
Morales's quiet ''Circumdederunt me'' preceded the brilliant, swinging ''In resurrectione tua'' of William Byrd at the close.
''The key problem in the past tax was not the initial threshold or the rates but the movement that took place with the threshold,'' said Rob Manfred, the clubs' chief labor lawyer, recalling that it rose about 26 percent and then 19 percent.
You can often go back to the same place again and again for weeks and see the same fish.
He said Mr. McNamara had called to say he was safe, and on his way to his firehouse.
''That one's around 18,500,'' he said.
In researching the habits of nightingales, he discovered that these singing birds cover a wide swath across Europe, Northwest Africa and Asia.
One of their pupils was Glenn Hall, a future Hall of Fame goalie with the Chicago Blackhawks.
The airline's board decided on two styles of jackets, skirts and trousers for women, and two types of jackets -- single and double breasted -- and two types of pants for men.
It was quiet except for Nureyev's breathing and the thump of his feet on the floor -- and the sound of the orchestra tuning up on the other side of the curtain.
You can see the photograms that Moholy-Nagy is known for: camera-less pictures made by placing various objects on photographic paper and then exposing the paper to light.
In five of these states, no companies applied for the credit.
Dr. Hei Leung, also of the International Rice Research Institute, said that because of the rice genomic data ''all plant breeding can proceed at an accelerated pace.''
Now 98 percent of footpaths are open, with a few paths crossing formerly infected properties still off-limits.
Chief of Detectives William H. Allee Jr. said the women, Vanessa Santiago, 22, and Danielle Coles, 17, were arrested in Philadelphia, where they both have relatives.
Negroes -- no, I'm sorry -- blacks, yes?
Mariah Wilderness Expeditions, a 21-year-old company, runs rafting trips in California, Oregon, Utah, Arizona and South America and standard (nonwilderness) trips to Europe.
It's tough when you do that.
''We are on full battle alert.''
''Newark is losing good people because of all this nonsense we've had all these years,'' said Mr. Archer, who with his wife, Nicole, was drawn here from nearby Belleville because of its reasonable housing prices.
His String Trio, though, was different.
In order to do that, we've got to find the source.''
Services Wedneseday, 10 AM, at ''The Riverside,'' 76th Street and Amsterdam Avenue.
LENAPE INDIAN DANCE AND DRUMMING PERFORMANCE, tomorrow at 3 p.m. at the American Museum of Natural History, Central Park West and 79th Street.
I cross-checked him to get enough space in case he dropped his gloves.
On the women's side, the 10th-seeded AMÉLIE MAURESMO advanced to the third round in straight sets against CRISTINA TORRENS VALERO.
For example, Dr. DeCherney said, 15 to 20 percent of women ages 40 to 42 can become pregnant, compared with fewer than 3 percent of women over 44.
He had five receptions for 90 yards and a touchdown before the injury, as the 9-1 Bulldogs, No.
7 Oregon won at home.
Fear of vaccine side effects has led some parents to shun vaccination, and outbreaks of diseases like whooping cough and measles have resulted, the report said.
''Our mood is even better than that of the national soccer team,'' he added, referring to the team that won the World Cup three months ago.
Among the most popular bootleg artists are Freelance Hellraiser (responsible for the Aguilera mix), Osymyso (who combines more than 100 songs in one mash-up), Kurtis Rush and Richard X.
BERNICE SISSON Swarthmore, Pa., Oct. 26, 2002
He used to be in advertising sales for Gourmet magazine before he moved here 25 years ago.
Gazans are not permitted out.
The group pummeled Mr. Young on a porch on the city's north side, leaving blood spattered from floor to ceiling, the police said.
''For a singer, a voice is the sine qua non.
The mechanical arm daintily plucks a 100 Swiss franc bill, waves it around slowly, then drops it into a small black box where it is quickly shredded.
Not every town has embraced the concept and its extra tax on business property owners.
In baseball, most revenue is generated locally through ticket sales and local television and radio contracts, and as a result some big-market teams have three to five times the revenue of some small-market teams.
His hair is long and black, and on Monday he appeared in an ankle-length dress embellished with a huge shiny cross.
Wonderfully expressive, too, was the singing of Peter Mattei as Onegin: his first big recitative in the last act showed that Tchaikovsky could be as much a realist as Mussorgsky.
Many Travelers Are Gun-Shy'' (front page, July 12): It takes very little consideration on my part to come out for arming pilots.
In a deft twist of the knife, the advertisements are appearing on the sides of buses.
The new Public Order and Security bill would allow police to ban public demonstrations in particular communities for up to a month and would criminalize statements that could cause ''contempt or ridicule'' of the president.
But other economists said New York City in the 1990's also lost some higher-paying jobs in sectors like government and gained lower-paying jobs.
The resisters reject a contention by some Israelis that, by doing reserve duty in the occupied territories, they can work from inside the army to ensure that it behaves humanely.
He arrived at that result by calculating his commission of more than 7 percent, plus a 5 percent discount he received through a Barnes & Noble membership program, free shipping, and the royalty from his publisher.
''All Over,'' for instance, may have seemed chilly and remote when it had its New York premiere 31 years ago.
''The manager told us to come back in a week, but we wouldn't leave.
Joan Soule, a 75-year-old accountant in Concord, Mass., said she tried it for years, ''but it hasn't ever really worked.''
''It's easier to play defense,'' one Democratic aide said.
He has won the prologue twice in the last four years, the first time in 1999, when he began his comeback from cancer, and has never lost a long time trial since then.
Also, the proposal called for settling a lawsuit in which the state had received a favorable ruling from a federal judge strengthening its power to block offshore drilling.
I have interviewed researchers whose computer models have calculated that cutting back on the saturated fats in my diet to the levels recommended by the American Heart Association would not add more than a few months to my life, if that.
He edited one, Biochemistry, for the American Chemical Society from 1961 to 1991.
Karen Dufilho, a movie producer who was dining at À Côté, said that fancy restaurants seem passé.
The Flyers took a 1-0 lead on Ruslan Fedotenko's rebound goal just 93 seconds into the game, but they were outshot over the last 48 minutes by 31-7.
Scientists work on pieces of his puzzle.
''From the day we finished 7 in 1987,'' Mr. Silverstein recalled, ''I said I'd like to be in a position to control the destiny of the World Trade Center.''
Other damage will not be so easy to repair.
''These were not the people I was looking for.
''Today's agreement represents the right bill at the right time,'' said John T. Dillon, the chief executive of the International Paper Company and chairman of the Business Roundtable, an association of chief executives.
The administrative offices are also in Ossining.
Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton, Democrat of New York, said the Bush proposals would ''substantially weaken the privacy rules.''
The management proposal would hit seven teams with its $102 million threshold.
Fans of J. K. Rowling's books are once again more likely to be satisfied than thrilled, since Mr. Columbus and the screenwriter Steve Kloves scrupulously follow her novel, the second in the Harry Potter series.
The movie, which has its world premiere here Wednesday but was screened for the press in Paris last month, focuses on Kurt Gerstein, a real-life chemist and SS officer, and Riccardo, a fictional Jesuit with family connections to the Vatican.
The Senate debate has become increasingly partisan since it began on Feb. 13.
While some New Jersey municipalities have canceled their contracts with BeneCard in recent months, complaining of steep price increases, most of those defections were carried out by Democratic elected officials, and the company receives generally favorable reviews from most clients.
''There are times when I take him outside to play tag or go for ice cream before he plays.''
The bride and bridegroom, both 32, work for divisions of J. P. Morgan Chase, the New York financial services company.
You're really just shutting them down.''
What makes the Vanquish truly distinctive, apart from the gasps it draws from the huddled masses, is its place as an authentic grand touring car, a creamy cruiser ready to match acceleration with a Corvette and handling with a BMW Z8.
No wonder young women are glued to the show.
The new V-words in the boardrooms are validation and verification.
No one was sure what to make of them.
Bill Isaacson, the Dallas-based regional manager for a large manufacturing concern, hands out CD-ROM's with full-color copies of his company's catalog in Microsoft Word format.
Its three legs have wheels that lock; the back leg holds and hides unsightly wires.
American officers described the battle as the fiercest ground combat in the five months of war in Afghanistan, and said it had thrown American troops, together with Afghan and European soldiers, against an implacable foe, seemingly ready to fight to the finish.
He instructed him in plant anatomy, dissection, Linnaeus's system of plant classification and made available his library of illustrated botany books and specimen collection.
After breaking the record for major titles with his 13th at Wimbledon 2000, Pete Sampras struggled to find inspiration.
After 18 Kg2, Zelcic still has to work to solve his problems.
Organized by the curators Barbara Clausen and Carin Kuoni under the auspices of Independent Curators International, ''Thin Skin'' is designed to explain why so many artists these days are working with balloons, bubbles, stuffing, diaphanous or transparent surfaces and similar forms and materials.
But there is devious method in the show's comic glibness.
''We are now trying to get a handle on the properties, find out which ones are overlapping and determine which are surplus,'' said Richard Karson, a member of a 10-member Insignia team that is helping to develop Nassau's plan.
Mellanby scored the game-winning goal at 12:28.
(He's prone to letting characters die in their sleep.)
SLAP SHOTS Sunday was ''take care of your body day,'' said defenseman KENNY JONSSON, who along with ALEKSEI YASHIN and ADRIAN AUCOIN were the only players at the Coliseum as Coach PETER LAVIOLETTE had given the team the day off.
''You're not hurt by it unless you imprison yourself, unless you stop going out on the streets.
Such inquiries had produced a considerable number of names, the official added.
But for society, it's not good.
He has refocused his priorities on family and on refining the brand of cooking that made him famous, at Chez Panisse in Berkeley, and at Michael's in Santa Monica: allowing fresh, seasonal ingredients to shine, with minimal interference.
Islanders forward STEVE WEBB, who has missed the last six weeks while recuperating from a broken right hand, is expected to play against the Bruins on Tuesday night.
Harold Tanner, President David A. Harris, Exec Dir
He set up & directed an Air Pollution Interdisciplinary Research Center at Penn State which became the largest air pollution program in the US.
He faces John Pate today.
The Rangers rallied to take a 2-1 lead of on goals by Rem Murray (his first as a Ranger) and Bure 1:24 apart late in the first period.
He admitted that he kidnapped Ms. Kungayeva from her father's house and later strangled her in his quarters, but argued that he did so in a rage, believing she was a sniper.
Mr. Ridge is the one who decided how much should go to immigration services, as opposed to border patrols or anti-bioterrorism efforts.
She and David continued as proud members of the Republican National Finance Committee until her death.
And this after having thrown around 115 pitches in the game.
Human Rights in China, an advocacy group, said that Fang Jue, a pro-democracy activist, had been released from prison after a four-year term but remained under close police surveillance.
Curry added 2 free throws with 12.3 seconds remaining, and Kurt Thomas's errant 3-point attempt with a second left ended the game.
The late arrival of Puff Daddy and his party at the Dolce & Gabbana show today once again made the front-row editors and retailers seem a supporting cast in a celebrity show.
The regulations announced yesterday by the Pentagon incorporate the advice of outside experts and respond to important issues raised by legal and constitutional scholars.
While it is in weapons form, it remains extremely dangerous -- terrorists could make a nuclear bomb out of 12 pounds.
''He's an incredibly brilliant guy, and he has a level of charisma that is Clintonesque.''
In 1995, blacks surpassed whites in the percentage of Americans who had a diagnosis of AIDS.
''Capturing Nureyev: James Wyeth Paints the Dancer,'' in the library's Vincent Astor Gallery.
''It's going to be subtle, but I think people are going to be able to make the connection.''
'' The fear was unjustified, to say the least.
It is payback, a response to the enduring ruin wrought by terrorists during those brief unimaginable moments when the towers came down.
I'd rather have a guy with a goatee who does his job well than one who's clean-shaven and sits on a corner and sleeps.''
The cause was chronic emphysema, said his sister, Heloise Frame.
Devoted mother of Megara McAward of Harrison, NY, E. Gerard, Jr., of Darien, CT, & Michele Dolan of Norwalk, CT. Loving sister of Margaret Lynch of Cohasset, MA.
The Republican majority in the State Senate is drafting its own plan, and may be ready to present it to Mr. Lacey on Monday, officials said.
''I went to the one in Cognac -- I also didn't know there was a festival in Cognac -- where they show mysteries.
With that brief fact, dropped simply into the conversation as the woman describes her life to a crisis counselor, ''Domestic Violence'' immediately shocks us out of our complacency.
''It seemed clever and attractive,'' Mrs. Mösch said.
Among other things, the federal investigators want to know whether the last-minute deal helped Enron meet internal performance goals that resulted in huge bonus payments to high-ranking Enron executives.
Mr. Diaz is principal violist of the Philadelphia Orchestra.
In many ways, it began Friday night when the Lakers managed to shoot 27 free throws in the fourth quarter and hold on.
''You've got to imagine some of this comes from their anxiety about California and wanting to be prepared for potential regulations here that would essentially force the use of hybrid technologies,'' he said.
Mr. Odeen said that TRW's moves are ''not one of defense, but what's right for shareholders.''
''STAR WARS: THE MAGIC OF MYTH,'' Brooklyn Museum of Art, 200 Eastern Parkway, at Prospect Park, (718) 638-5000 (through Sunday).
Ms. Runnion and the girl's stepfather, Ken Donnelly, were both working when the kidnapping occurred, the authorities said.
Gazpacho (adapted from Lespinasse) For the gazpacho: 4 large tomatoes, coarsely chopped 2 1/2 seedless cucumbers, peeled and coarsely chopped 1 1/2 medium red onions, peeled and coarsely chopped 1 medium red pepper, seeded and coarsely chopped 1 medium green pepper, seeded and coarsely chopped 2 jalapeño peppers, seeded and coarsely chopped 1 tablespoon cumin 1 tablespoon coarse salt, plus additional to taste 1 teaspoon cayenne 3 tablespoons red-wine vinegar 8 sheets gelatin For the garnish: 2 tablespoons finely diced cucumber 1 tablespoon finely diced red pepper 1 tablespoon finely diced green pepper 1 teaspoon finely diced chives 4 pieces baby cilantro.
Also survived by eight grandchildren.
Because he can't run a protest organization without a little protest.
''I don't want him to take a pitch that he could hit because he's trying to be so selective,'' Down said.
She was born in Manhattan, and her mother died when she was a young child.
''I know of no study that says if your child specializes in one sport at an early age, that's going to guarantee them to be a star when they get to be in high school or college,'' Mr. Wolff said.
Moreover, by moving to the United States, Trizec will no longer pay a 10 percent tax on dividends distributed to its United States shareholders, as currently required under federal tax law.
''The message from the Vatican is not about reflection and revision,'' said Susan Archibald, president of the Linkup, another group representing people abused by clergy members.
Life would be a kiss, sensual and detached, photographed with Soviet tanks in the background.
Music to Mr. Forrester's ears.
The start today was delayed when wind gusted above 25 knots and averaged about 23.
''To a certain degree we have to follow our competitors,'' Mr. Gentz said.
''States with high crime rates tend to have higher than average expenditures and employment'' devoted to criminal justice, the report said, while states with the lowest crime rates tend to have the lowest spending and employment.
Then there are the walking spoofs of strict dress codes, which are being revived in some places: the two women below who cleverly attached shirt-and-tie sets to their tank tops, and the two young men, far left, who knotted ties over their T-shirts.
By December, Gregory said, a bad situation had become downright awful.
The law now has five definitions.
In the absence of clear communication from the hierarchy, outsiders can only speculate.
This promised to be a matchup of two teams with Final Four talent -- Kentucky with a royal basketball history and Maryland trying to show it belonged with the Wildcats, Duke, North Carolina and Kansas in the college basketball history books.
He was the caring older brother to Anne, a childhood playmate for Lisa, and the only one who knew how to make Diana laugh even when she didn't want to.
''I'm not afraid to tell my players some things, and they're not afraid to tell me what they think.''
We think extremophiles are very similar to organisms that existed on early Earth.
I think Documenta is a hierarchy of tastes and preferences of whoever is boss that year.
Sorry, can't have dinner on Friday.
Nearly everything below 148.4 has been thoroughly ransacked, first by the families and companies that left, then by demolition teams removing traces of human habitation from the future reservoir floor.
Depending on the amount of reflective synthesis you're willing to do, the results can seem richly layered, or disjointed and undercooked.
In ''Jardin aux Lilas,'' the Joffrey uses the set and costumes Desmond Healy designed for the Royal Winnipeg Ballet.
''Some of the disruptions are being started by Booker's people,'' said State Senator Ronald L. Rice, a longtime friend of the mayor's and one of the coordinators of Mr. James's campaign.
My daughter shrieked, and a woman took the dripping jar and put it between her legs for safekeeping as Arielle and other passengers tried to find the runaway frog.
Men like René Gombert, a friendly, leathery farmer with silver hair, a large nose and a vigor rare in a man of 82, form the backbone of the industry, producing most of the grapes, doing much of the distilling and sending their eaux de vie off to the great merchants for blending with others.
Most of us could think of other essentials.
''I have to commend the players for being able to rise above it all.
''We work very hard coming from sun countries,'' said Abernathy, who figures she has one Olympics left in her aging body.
But after four weeks of testimony, the verdict may already be in on the quality of the work that Andersen performed for Enron.
While the outline issued yesterday was only a general document, with few specifics or timetables, John C. Whitehead, chairman of the development corporation, said the proposals should serve as evidence that the rebuilding process has begun.
''He didn't want me down there having to do the same kind of work he did.
The second major flaw was hidden in the committee composition: most of its members possessed no military background.
''We have to find them a foster home,'' Ms. Staver says, cupping each month-old kitten.
The Stars got off to another fast start on Modano's one-timer from the high slot 5:25 in, Modano's ninth goal.
''But next year, take a look.
Reiner, a shooting star at Lincoln High in the late 1950's, went on to a successful high school and college coaching career at Canarsie, Lincoln and Brooklyn College.
For now, those looking for a degree of constancy -- parents, teachers and administrators -- say they will depend more on the old reliables to evaluate students: classroom tests, report cards and individual conferences.
But inventories are already declining, and analysts say there will be a clear need for more oil production by June or July.
Not long ago, applying such drama to business programming was considered a novel idea.
The device's movement and the people in contact with it make up the plot.
Now we have a choice: One option is to build a closed society, based not on freedom and trust but on fear and mistrust.
''I know there's been quite a lot of speculation about A.M.C.,'' he said.
What are the risks to consumers who accept these offers?
Collins called a play directed at tight end Jeremy Shockey.
An audio tape of cheering crowds reminds visitors that the Romans loved a gory spectacle.
He remains outspoken about his intention to lead the institution into the 21st century by programming much more contemporary music than the orchestra and its audiences have been used to, and by taking fresh approaches to core repertory.
Actually, that's what I was doing up at the Gallen-Allard residence on a Sunday morning right before the opening of the spring 2003 collections.
Mr. Hitchcock also arranged with the Long Island Rail Road for special train service for opening day.
''Now everything is clear to me, at least for this year.
To underscore the dry but distinctly morbid wit of this series, Slider and company also fool with brainy puns, slang and other wordplay, which keeps them sane when it becomes evident here that some big-time criminal is knocking off all the small-time competition.
Milan represents the lion's share of the men's clothing business -- and retailers praised the juicy blend of tailoring and casual sportswear they saw there last week.
And I'm in the process of selling Suzan-Lori Parks's first novel.
Ironically, an anti-Communist end justified what amounted to neo-Bolshevik means.
The others are a constitutional scholar from Bangladesh who was threatened by government agents because of his open opposition to government policies, and is at the University of California now; a Ukrainian marine biologist who is working at the State University of New York at Stony Brook; and an Ethiopian engineer who is at a university in Illinois.
A short time later, two people came over and took his picture.
Is it possible that this thing walking back and forth in front of you, talking to you, raising and lowering his chalk, is a great glob of these atoms in a very complex arrangement, such that the sheer complexity of it staggers the imagination as to what it can do?
The bills will next go to a conference committee, to iron out differences between them.
The agreement allows Entergy to use accumulated cash balances above its authorized rate of return to offset almost $200 million in damages to its facilities from ice storms in 2000.
Scrambling a vast and witty assortment of visual and aural references, ''Maria del Bosco'' translates the siren call of glossy materialism into the splintered terms of Mr. Foreman's shifting dreamscape.
Without an approved evacuation plan, Lilco was unable to get an operating license for Shoreham and, eventually, it was closed.
www.scmf.org SEATTLE SYMPHONY -- (206-215-4747).
The revamped site also includes new links to, for example, state Department of Labor statistics, county data and a map that provides information for specific geographic areas.
Each new generation is safer, faster, cleaner and more economical than the previous version.
Samples taken from Mr. Muhammad and Mr. Malvo did not match DNA left in the killings, a police spokeswoman said.
''We don't usually act like rookies, but this is a special occasion.''
Celtics Struggle for Support For those who feel the Nets are underappreciated in their own backyard -- the club announced a crowd of 7,796 for the Memphis Grizzlies game on Wednesday night -- the Boston Celtics are not far behind.
I agree with the message that Lucent needs to perform more and talk less.''
He ranked fifth in the nation at 141.2 yards a game and averaged 6.5 yards a carry before he was hurt Oct. 19 against Wisconsin.
(+) 5 3 THE DARWIN AWARDS, by Wendy Northcutt.
But within weeks of the Sept. 11 attacks, Francis X. Taylor, the counterterrorism coordinator for the State Department reaffirmed the group's status, concluding that, ''there is no doubt'' that the group engages in terrorist activities.
Mr. Albright, at the piano, and Madame Tandy can belt, they can growl and they can hit the heights and plumb the depths of their material.
The scramble by most of the big firms to bolster their image shows just how worried accountants are about the prospect of new regulations or legislation.
After Sept. 11, he said, Iran's government appeared to cooperate with American efforts in Afghanistan, but that was soon eclipsed by efforts to undermine American influence once a government beholden to Washington was installed in Kabul.
These structures can be as simple as a sheet of metal on poles, sheltering a patch of ground from the fierce Australian sun, or they can resemble a small house, grandly outfitted with sofa and chairs.
Back in Ridgewood, the organizers said they had heard so much positive feedback from their neighbors that they wanted to repeat the event again next year.
The host school, Louisiana State, co-favorite to win the men's team title, won the day's opening event, the 4x100.
The writer's notes, indeed, are meat and drink to Frank: he pounces on them like a hungry cat, seeming more interested in the plans for a book than in the quality of the finished product; one can almost hear the pathos when he remarks on the regrettable paucity of author's notes for ''The Brothers Karamazov.''
Residents of Sayville are said to have been salted by their long exposure to the shallow bay along its southern edge.
The Deedee Wigmore Galleries, a new space at the museum for its permanent collection of works by Louis Comfort Tiffany, including windows, lamps, furniture, mosaics, enameled items and jewelry, opened on Oct. 15.
He reportedly spoke to a man identified by various German first names and known to friends as Ibrahim.
But with its ambitious overseas expansion plans within a range of brands from luxury to economy, under foreign management, the new deal by Carlson and Rezidor adds evidence that the once much-maligned American corporate-chain model, while modified to adapt to cultures and tastes in individual countries, may represent the new global standard for the industry.
Her parents work in Gothenburg, where her father is a project manager for Ericsson Hewlett-Packard Telecommunications, a technology joint venture, and her mother is an associate professor of English at Chalmers University of Technology.
''Those are the things I look at when evaluating my performance, to see what I can do to keep momentum going and not stop us as an offense.
My first day, I worked undisturbed for several hours.
The coaching matters, but I believe that coaches coach and players play and this had more to do with the players.''
The grid as form and metaphor connects the diverse parts of this lively 10-artist show.
Even if he didn't want to, he had to do it.
Poems by an 11-year-old boy.
Customers can also rent equipment, including lights, wind machines, umbrellas, even cameras.
Ms. LaRue said Congress passed it ''so that federal tax dollars wouldn't be used to turn libraries into dirty peep shows open to kids.''
Lawyers for Sharman have sent letters to people who they believe are copying Kazaa, but those individuals have not been easy to find.
''He got to playing around in the stretch,'' Drysdale said.
But they have been thrown together at this desert outpost just south of the Iraqi border, and some unexpected chemistry is brewing.
It is jointly owned by the city, the region and a shadowy company registered in Panama, MIDI PHI Holding Corporation.
''A few wins and all of a sudden we're talking about a different theme.''
During receptions and gallery hours, she moves her sleeper sofa to a bedroom; otherwise, she sits on the sofa in the gallery to paint.
So we want it for the poor people and I would guess that 75 percent of them would be Negroes.
But, he added, ''No chemicals will be stored anywhere at Fairfield Hills.''
To the Editor: If Dr. Leon R. Kass, the chairman of the President's Council on Bioethics (''Moralist of Science Ponders Its Power,'' March 19) is looking for a patient to heal, he need look not at science but in the nearest mirror.
I enjoyed doing this, and I loved some of his dancers (the ineffable Carolyn Brown above all, but everybody loved her).
But in a sign that operations would continue elsewhere, Britain said it was sending 1,700 troops to help flush out remaining Taliban and Al Qaeda fighters.
So far, real estate leaders are expressing limited support.
Today, Enron cannot afford the new $200 million 40-story corporate tower under construction across the street.
Though the 2,800 passengers included a huge convention of oil refiners from the Southwest, nearly everyone I met lived either in or a short drive from New York City.
As it stands now, Mr. Bloomberg intends to cut the city's contribution by at least $350 million next year.
She said children could also use their earnings to become entrepreneurs -- by buying a bike at a tag sale, for example, fixing it up and reselling it at a profit.
''It's not possible to do it without working harder than you would sometimes like to work,'' he said.
Strong results at most casinos have made junk bonds as well as stock issued by these companies popular with investors this year.
He can appear smug, but his co-workers describe him as unusually secure for a TV personality.
Fairleigh Dickinson had won its last three games on penalty kicks, and as the second overtime wound down at Belson Field in Jamaica, Queens, last night, it seemed as if the game were headed for a shootout.
You'd be forgiven for dismissing Death Cab for Cutie out of hand.
''Look, part of the problem here is they acknowledge that they've had difficulty in controlling information themselves,'' he said.
To keep the lines of communication open, he attends three or four retreats a year with board members, saying that one of his priorities is the ''ongoing nurturing of our relationship.''
The spirit of togetherness is both refreshing and beneficial.
Slobodan Milosevic, the former Serbian leader and Yugoslav president who is on trial on war crimes charges, listened with a faint smile.
In 11 games since the injury, he has 5 hits in 40 at-bats (.125) with one home run, two doubles and three runs batted in.
Mr. Grinberg maintained, though, that the Kennedy Center issue had not been divisive.
Halama left with one out in the Yankees' fourth after giving up five runs and eight hits.
''I just think everything is cyclical.''
He has had a pattern of coming undone since he coolly dismantled Pete Sampras for the 2000 United States Open title.
Mr. McGreevey has had an unusually eventful year.
''Miguel is too much of an ideologue to be an appellate judge,'' Mr. Bender said.
The answer is simple, if surprising.
Gleaners Everywhere Agnès Varda was as surprised as anyone when her documentary ''The Gleaners and I'' became one of the most seen and most appreciated films of her 50-year career as a director -- a career that includes ''Vagabond'' (1985) and ''Cleo From 5 to 7'' (1962).
By halftime, Kansas was up, 48-26, and was on its way to the regional semifinals against the winner of Sunday's Illinois-Creighton game.
Another strand of the story follows Tully Jr.'s deepening relationship with Ella Smalley (Julianne Nicholson), a neighbor who has recently returned to the area after college to become a veterinarian.
He spoke of where he thought I.B.M.
I think it's important that we don't fear travel.''
In the voting Wednesday, most black Democrats backed the measure, as did more than three dozen Republican moderates.
Florida's powerful center, Udonis Haslem, one of the best low-post scorers in the country, has added a midrange game.
Ruby, Joan, Ken, Jonathan and Donald.
True to character, he did not deliver a sweeping speech tonight on his plans.
The rest of the season will also determine if the Devils and the Rangers can maintain their shaky grips on playoff berths.
Because that box is so small, it can be updated more quickly than if a user was delivered an entirely new page.
This fall, a session was planned to teach the children about the olive harvest, but it was postponed after a suicide bomber struck a bus within earshot of Metzer.
Add 1/4 cup of water if the pieces stick or burn.
''The U.S. focused intently on the region for that.
''It's fast and energizing,'' Diana said.
By typing in a description of the man and noting that he had a tattoo, the computer was able to make a match.
The games have begun already.
Dunrea's gouache paintings move from double-page spreads of a hostile-looking wilderness to an energetic mother and delighted child in a softened landscape, as Mama builds a gigantic snow troll, sleds down a hill and rides an eerily realistic ice bear with Baby.
''Someone else may want to take a try at it,'' Mr. Bongiovanni said, referring to promoting a tour.
The previously disclosed problems at Octagon caused losses of 6 cents a share for the third quarter and are expected to result in a loss of 15 cents to 20 cents a share for the year.
In 1935 Mr. Parham moved back to Chicago, where he studied with Nate Gangursky, a bassist with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra, and worked with groups led by the drummer Zutty Singleton, the pianist Art Tatum and the trumpeter Roy Eldridge.
Fellow with the Royal Anthropology Institute, author and world traveler.
June 24 to Aug. 2.
For that song, Mr. Beavers had transcribed one of Mr. Rogers's original trombone solos for the horn section (two trombones and trumpet), a reminder of how much modernist daring Mr. Rogers had brought to the group.
And beyond that loomed another impossibility: continuity.
''That shook the confidence of some people around here,'' said Carlos Tejada, a Journal reporter who is researching and tracking the company's safety efforts on behalf of the staff.
The researchers said the findings might be relevant to anxiety disorders in people.
With 2 minutes 53 seconds remaining and the Giants clinging to their 4-point lead, Brown let Bryant run past him, free and unabated to the end zone; Brown was told afterward that he should have covered Bryant the whole way, that were was no safety help, as he had expected.
And according to a recent poll by Public Opinion Strategies, terrorism is still the public's top concern.
But that conversation would initiate a series of cordial contacts with the F.B.I.
Try one of the chocolate, gingerbread or lemon tea cakes ($3.95) or the currant scones ($1.25) with clotted cream.
On Wednesday night in the Rangers' season opener, Messier scored the 659th and 660th goals of his career in a rout of Carolina, the defending Eastern Conference champions.
But what may be the center's greatest attraction when it opens in 2008 is a glass floor 80 feet above the river.
Walter F. Mondale, the 74-year-old former senator, vice president and ambassador to Japan who was tapped last week to replace the late Senator Paul Wellstone, took control early with pointed, partisan attacks that painted his opponent, Norm Coleman, as a right-wing tool of the White House who could not be trusted.
Sixteen percent of the partners are now women.
Michael Nylander and Dazé had scored in a span of 1:02 late in the third period to erase a 3-1 deficit.
Terje Roed-Larsen, the United Nations' Middle East envoy, warned in a statement on Monday that the Israeli action in Tulkarm ''constituted a dangerous escalation that would lead to more loss of life on both sides.''
Nearly every table, rack of clothing and glass display case was festooned with red and white ''Price Break'' signs, promoting 10 to 50 percent discounts.
He did not, simply stating and restating that he was not ''a perfect man.''
The company's plans were prompted by steel-import tariffs of as much as 30 percent that President Bush imposed in March.
The company presents its first season under the directorship of Mikko Nissinen.
Clorox, which makes bleach, Glad plastic bags and Hidden Valley salad dressing, also said it had been helped by sales of new products, like the Clorox ReadyMop.
The company reported a 9 percent increase in volume growth in North America.
He wasn't the same guy when he first got down there.''
''I think of it as a small New York.''
On their side, olive trees cling to the dry earth.
Vise said his difficulties were mainly the fault of Barnesandnoble.com.
Last year in the British Open, Woods trailed by four strokes heading into Saturday but shot a two-over-par 73 while paired with O'Meara.
If you don't think it's a tough act to follow, just watch ''Leap of Faith,'' NBC's attempt at a knockoff.
The Kings could even lose Game 5 at home and still win this series.
His style is in the rangy, rapacious tool kit he uses to debunk the genres, to throw away the technique, to screw with the visual cues, to forget about anything that might be a real story, all to be replaced with a plaintive, ''Hey, look at this.''
''I went from 100's Egyptian cotton to 100's two-ply, and that wasn't what I wanted, so I went to the two-ply super luxury cotton,'' Mr. Schiner said.
Giants Stadium was about audience participation, with Mr. Jagger cuing clapalongs, and about aggressive guitars, as Mr. Richards and Mr. Wood came close to hard-rock chords.
Even so, as cellphone service has grown from a toy for the elite into a necessity for the masses, the amount of revenue to be had from each subscriber has plummeted from $61 a month in 1998 to only $17 a month now, according to Leslie Arathoon of Pyramid Research.
Once the Soviets were in flight, the Americans went home, leaving Afghanistan to the mercy of the warlords.
THE quality of work the societies do varies enormously, Ms. Hite said.
In this get-rich-quick Siberian city of hulking metal-refining plants and aluminum-baron fortunes, Larisa V. Khvoina is doing something unusual: running a small business.
At 5-5 on Grosjean's serve, it appeared Safin would take command when he closed on a straightforward high backhand volley.
In the original ending, Ms. Close's character commits suicide off screen; in the released version, she is killed in self-defense.
''Those we'll save for next season,'' he said, adding, ''if we bring it back next season.''
''So, according to the federal government's definition of a very low-income household, which for a family of four would have been no more than $26,700 in 1999, 53 percent of them were spending more than half their incomes for rent in the five boroughs.''
ALTHOUGH it is operated by the International Garden Club, ''the garden is not why you come here,'' said Mary Means Huber, the co-curator of the 1842 Bartow-Pell Mansion in Pelham Bay Park in the Bronx.
Lucious Harris led the Nets with 20 points, continuing his strong play as the starting shooting guard in place of the injured Kerry Kittles.
Vaughn also supported Piazza's decision to confront Mota out of the game and not to charge the mound.
The first thing to emphasize is that Miaskovsky was no Vielschreiber, as the Germans say, no mere scribbler.
Apartment buildings have also begun developing the rooftops as something more than sun decks covered with AstroTurf.
Some research shows that acute bronchitis, which draws some 10 million Americans to doctors' offices annually, is viral more than 90 percent of the time.
But Mr. Gets injects this archetype with deftly shaded idiosyncrasies that never disrupt the show's carefully sustained tone.
In lieu of flowers, please contribute to a charity of your choice, or to West Park Presbyterian Church.
Mr. Karzai had been petitioning Western governments to increase the force and deploy units in cities other than Kabul, to which it is now restricted under the terms of its current mandate.
Yet as their role models shift from Schelling to Kant to Hegel to Marx, they hold on to an adolescent combativeness and a precocious student's enthusiasm for new ideas.
Philadelphia has won 14 of its last 19 road games.
Seaman, 41, says he serves the middle class (and cost-conscious wealthy shoppers) by offering ''Crate-and-Barrel-style furniture for Wal-Mart prices.''
Mr. Noel's lawyer, Bruce Hotchkiss, made only brief opening remarks.
Analysts expected the company to make 32 cents a share, according to a survey by Thomson First Call.
He employs French techniques and uses international ingredients to give his contemporary American cooking some Asian and European swagger.
Cover with cold water, remove lobsters and measure water.
The police are still investigating how the weapon used in the shooting got into the school.
Its chances were compromised on Friday by the expulsion for a harsh tackle of midfielder Ronaldinho.
The allies are battling over the question of targets and time frames for the conversion from oil and gas to windmills and solar panels, for the cleanup of garbage and hazardous pollutants and for the preservation of endangered plants and animals.
You spent more money promoting a series like ''Band of Brothers'' than we spend on a series.
These initiatives won the governor critical electoral support from the state's powerful health care workers union, as well as from the medical establishment.
The market's broader gauges were also higher.
But despite some charming stretches, the old-school sound wears thin over the course of an album.
That's the lesson: there is no beating the N.Y.P.D.
For 32 years, this small town was home to what is now the world's biggest annual extravaganza of the rich and powerful.
Services Thursday, 9:45AM at ''The Riverside,'' 76th St and Amsterdam Ave.
Democrats have blamed Mr. Bush's $1.35 trillion tax cut for the return of deficits.
Most people, including the Gardellas, renovate their homes to make them more livable.
Mr. Mirdamadi is a member of Parliament and Mr. Bitaraf is President Khatami's minister of power.
At Leonard Harrison and Colton Point State Parks, the eastern and western rims of the canyon, respectively, the depth is more than 800 feet.
His father is an estate and trust lawyer, also in New York.
This was all the more remarkable because he had an unlikely ally: Representative Patrick J. Kennedy of Rhode Island, the former head of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee who traveled to New Jersey the previous year to campaign against Mr. Ferguson.
Then he moved on to Indonesia, married an Indonesian woman and sought to blend into the community.
They spoke after difficult negotiations here on Tuesday between the five permanent, veto-bearing members of the Council, in which the United States and France seemed to dig in to their positions.
He did not identify the broker.
Fined Charlotte G Baron Davis $7,500 for verbally abusing officials in Sunday's game.
''Wasabi'' was written by Luc Besson, who's made Hubert a big-knuckled chauvinist comic book hero brought to the screen as a Gallic Dirty Harry.
Barely a day goes by without Turkey's prime minister, Bulent Ecevit, saying just how little he wants a war with his neighbor Iraq.
Plaintiffs have been unwaveringly critical of Microsoft's proposal for a technical committee.
Rutgers University will freeze hiring and will delay some projects because of a 5 percent cut in state financing to public colleges and universities -- about $20 million in Rutgers's case -- ordered by Gov.
They have proposed measures like reducing the margin -- the amount of stock that can be bought with borrowed money -- or more tightly regulating complicated derivative securities, which would make it harder to bet on a market's direction with borrowed money.
They said they would remain until the Palestinians put a stop to shooting from there into nearby Jewish housing.
Who was R. David Thomas?
He wore blue jeans and a black T-shirt.
Mr. Mubarak seemed doubtful that Mr. Sharon would accept his proposal or engage in serious negotiations to create a Palestinian state.
''Danny was a gentle personality for a journalist,'' the newspaper said in an editorial.
Indeed, the centers of Enlightenment (and subsequently democracy) were not the same as the centers of Reformation.
Dhasmana answers with professional condescension.
Haiti still lingers near the bottom of the United Nations' annual survey of living conditions.
Also yesterday, the Commerce Department reported that factory orders for durable goods rose more than expected in January, another sign manufacturing might be pulling out of its slowdown.
At that point, the linguistically talented Scott speaks to the officers in Hungarian.
The smaller choice of flights and longer waits at airports since Sept. 11 have even pushed some business executives out of the market who would otherwise be willing to pay more for convenience.
Together, that office and the review board are to produce an annual report on how effectively the nation's 194 dioceses have worked to protect children from abuse by clergymen.
How can anyone take seriously this S.U.V.-driving hypocrite's criticism of the president's environmental policies?
They include severe anemia, chronic bronchitis, intrauterine growth restriction, being extremely underweight or overweight and having orthopedic limitations.
In New York, the Department of Education has warned that it may not be able to afford tutoring for every student who signs up, and that the lowest-achieving students will get priority.
''It seems that the opposition does not need to win the election, since the government is losing it,'' Mr. Andersen said.
Referring to the annual increases that insurers pay hospitals and doctors, Roberta W. Goodman, an analyst at Merrill Lynch, said, ''Cigna's medical cost trends are running at above-industry levels, 14 to 15 percent compared with the industry's 12 to 13 percent.''
''I prefer the term 'omnivorous,' '' he said on hearing his work described as ''fusion.''
''New Yorkers are very outspoken,'' he explained.
It's plain music that tells a good story.''
Defense officials want to mobilize reservists early enough to allow commanders to move quickly if President Bush orders an attack against Iraq.
It was, in any case, entertaining.
In a working-class district across from a topless bar, La Suriana had almost no customers at 2 in the afternoon, which made me leery.
He declined to be interviewed about the proposal.
The First Presbyterian Church, built in 1859, is topped by a 10-foot-tall golden hand pointing toward the cosmos; St. Joseph Catholic Church, built 10 years earlier, has blue windows that create a blue-tinged interior; and just up the street is the red-brick, Byzantine-revival Temple Gemiluth Chassed (roughly, Gift of the Righteous), the oldest existing synagogue in Mississippi, built in 1891 but no longer in use.
''I need to build some confidence in these players.
They said Mr. Becker, 34, had deceived the authorities by claiming that his principal residence was in Monaco, when he was actually living in Munich.
We mourn with his wife Cynthia and their talented family and share with them our memories of a grand and fine man.
American Jewish organizations have lobbied on Turkey's behalf against attempts by Armenian-Americans to have the killing of Armenians between 1915 and 1921 in Turkey declared a genocide.
He will argue that the wealthiest nations should increase their aid budgets for education, agriculture and fresh water, as well as helping to restructure government and legal institutions, combat AIDS and malaria, and encourage foreign investment in Africa.
Remove from heat but keep warm.
The gift, to be made in five $1 million installments, is the largest ever by the foundation and the largest endowment ever received by a museum devoted to African-American affairs.
Well, Tyco's new chief executive, Edward D. Breen, had threatened to challenge the contract in court, the executives said, and Mr. Swartz, a confidant of Tyco's former chief executive, L. Dennis Kozlowski, decided to back down.
''Our objective is and must be a just resolution to the central conflict that has put the brake on progress in the Middle East, and has spread extremism throughout the word,'' King Abdullah II of Jordan told more than 2,000 politicians, business leaders and scholars yesterday afternoon.
This pleasurable three-hour television film, elegantly directed by Howard Davies and shown on the BBC in September, was adapted by Mr. Boyd from his satiric novel.
He's so unprepossessing he insists on being referred to as Mr., despite his doctorate.
Officers Luke Sullivan and Patrick Tanner arrived at the woman's apartment.
But Mr. Turner was as voluble as ever, making jokes and at times dominating the meeting, they said.
The officers stopped the taxi, Officer Ryan got out and walked around Sara Delano Roosevelt Park toward the van, the police said.
But with the Nationalist Party's fall from power in Taiwan, the museum has begun to change.
His self-image requires it, for more than a life story, he has a personal mythology.
-------------------- Air Hijacking Drill DENVER, June 4 (AP) -- Two jets packed with people took off today from Salt Lake City and Whidbey Island Naval Air Station at Oak Harbor, Wash., in a twin hijacking drill designed to improve coordination among American and Canadian agencies.
3 pick in the 1996 draft and spent five seasons in Arizona where much of his play -- three double-digit sack seasons and a pro bowl berth in 1999 -- were lost in the desert and in Arizona's futility.
The older kids see the stretch of summer -- the June, July and August after high school -- with college, a job and responsibility beyond it.
It is not just the fathers, either.
He was five-eight or five-nine, Ms. Weathers said today, adding, ''His head came up just past that American flag on the door.''
Democrats today blamed Mr. Bush for doing too little, rather than too much.
Many Queens politicians suggest that Mr. Monserrate did not endorse Mr. Castro because of recent reports in Newsday that said Mr. Castro had exaggerated the number of commendations that he received in his 17 years as a police officer.
''We tried to outrun it, but it was too fast,'' Blaine Mayhugh said of the roaring, rising flood in the mine's honeycomb of paths.
Recession-proof ketchup, like razor blades, is here to stay.
Verizon Communications said yesterday that it sold $1.5 billion of bonds with maturities as long as 30 years.
Hours: Mondays through Fridays, 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. Chauncey Conference Center, Educational Testing Service, Rosedale Road, Princeton.
''The Columbia Presbyterian Guide to Surgery,'' by Dr. Eric A.
Several financial analysts who cover eBay said today's deal appeared to be a worthwhile investment for eBay.
Is there any difference between blank compact discs sold for recording data and those sold for recording music?
''I think he is for both his sake and ours challenging us and challenging himself on a lot of these issues.''
The Federal District Court in San Francisco ruled that Amtrak could not be liable for any conduct more than 300 days before the filing of the suit.
They are almost static monuments.
inquiries are complex agreements that Global Crossing reached with other carriers to buy and sell communications capacity.
Both men were given probation.
Have live conversations on the telephone, but keep them to no more than five to seven minutes.
''Too many transportation projects become mired for too long in the complex web of clearances required by federal and state law,'' Mr. Mineta said.
Of Kew Gardens, NY, on May 31, 2002, at the age of 90.
The friction continued between the United Nations and Israel over the death of a United Nations worker during gunfire in the West Bank.
The closings will cost $23 million, or 21 cents a share, in the fourth quarter, which ends Thursday, Charming Shoppes said.
–What makes a good company spokesperson?
Shares in Palm Inc. fell as much as 19 percent yesterday after the maker of hand-held computers said that if shareholders approved, the Palm board would choose a reverse stock split ratio from 1 for 10 to 1 for 20, and begin it any time before April 1.
Dog owners in the park have become accustomed to her hammering away with an open hand -- a toddler's version of a soft pat -- with fingers covered in sand and Tasti D-Lite.
The lawyer said he did not know what the drug was or what it was prescribed to treat.
Others are calling for an audit of the old trials, going over the raw data in detail and even scrutinizing participants' medical records.
Oral B does a lot of market testing and focus groups.
B1 Ex-Officer Goes on Trial Opening statements began in the manslaughter trial of former Police Officer Joseph Gray, 41, whose car ran down and killed members of a Brooklyn family last summer.
They don't seem to take their music all that seriously, and they freely admit the debts they owe to Zappa, Mr. Reed and the American Free Jazz movement.
He has been here before.
He was a former President of Leslie Fay Dresses.
''Along with Peter Coors and August Busch, Peter Stroh was really one of the last great family brewers,'' Michael C. Bellas, chairman of the Beverage Marketing Corporation, a research and consulting company in New York, said in an interview.
Uncle Larry had strict rules.
Alfonzo is now having to make defensive adjustments, too.
''Blackwoods'' is rated R (Under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult guardian) for sexual situations, profanity and violence.
Was getting documents from those bodies worth the risk of testifying?
''Barry Bonds,'' Morris asserted, ''is almost certainly the best hitter any of us will ever see.''
He said, ''Here, use it like a notebook.''
These were ticklish requirements for an organization that has a large gay constituency.
For the Ravens, they cannot defend their Super Bowl title without getting past the first round, and lately they have hardly resembled champions.
Gunther Schuller, composer, conductor, educator, producer and author of ''The Compleat Conductor,'' an exhaustive and opinionated guide to the art of conducting, led the Manhattan School of Music Symphony in a compleat -- and very nicely rounded -- program that ranged from Lutoslawski's Piano Concerto to Beethoven's ''Pastoral'' and included a piece, ''Seven Studies on Themes of Paul Klee,'' of Mr. Schuller's own.
These include high blood pressure and its attendant strokes (including ministrokes that you may not even be aware of), heart disease, atherosclerosis and diabetes, all of which can impede circulation to the brain.
Black actors at the top of the pyramid, like Mr. Washington, can often win some of these race-neutral parts.
And if they doubted the radio reports or weren't certain about their governor's knowledge, and if they were still physically strong and mentally steely, then they had to decide -- and decide quickly, before the snows eliminated any choice at all -- whether they wanted to remain in Abdulgan and leave themselves to fate, or whether they wanted to try an escape.
's use a variety of hardware, too.
Since the children's room isn't gated, youngsters can wander away and fall down the stairs.
To lose 12 in a row, and 14 in a row at home, to be in last place, to be 25 games out of first, the Mets have to be messed up, and they are messed up because Valentine has lost control.
to a Basque newspaper, Gara.
WINE -- (Italian), Mount Carmel Wine, 612 East 187th Street, (718) 367-7833.
Both girls were blond and blue-eyed, the daughters of well-to-do parents.
Hughes expects the American unit of DirecTV to add 1 million to 1.05 million subscribers this year, down from a previous forecast of 1.2 million.
Most of Enron's off-the-books deals were done with the consent of its accountants, who in turn were following an aggressive interpretation of the rules.
As has former Representative John Kasich, an Ohio Republican who was a good buddy of Condit's -- they went to a Pearl Jam concert together -- but scurries off the phone as soon as I state my business.
That's because a decade ago, in response to a strong campaign by the country's environmentalists, the Malaysian government enacted strict regulations on the cutting of its trees.
9 9 6 THE SEXUAL LIFE OF CATHERINE M., by Catherine Millet.
It covers some 2,000 square miles in Westchester, Putnam and the Catskills.
This alacrity is not uncommon in television, and neither was Lurie's response, which was to switch from pursued to pursuer.
To many experts, Bayer's recent admission was another example of how a rigid management style contributed to a long line of missed opportunities.
We find other uses for those.
Just outside town is Patsy and Otis Bohanon's Magnolia Trailer Park, which rents 20 mobile homes for $255 to $400 a month.
COLLEGE CINCINNATI--Extended the contract of Rick Minter, football coach, through 2005.
''We are together a lot,'' he said in an interview.
''I'm not about stuff like that.''
The Russell B. Aitken Sea Bird Colony at our Bronx Zoo serves as a lasting tribute to his thoughtfulness and generosity.
Royce Clayton, an option at shortstop if the Mets had traded Ordóñez, signed yesterday with the Milwaukee Brewers.
The other thing is psychological.
He was an avid reader of local newspapers and even contributed heated letters defending his actions, denying his crimes and attacking perceived Republican abuses.
''But it's not their fault.
The minute we lose, we'll probably fall down to No.
Martin grinned playfully at times during the Nets' picture day, but he appeared more purposeful than ever, having emerged from his summer cloister in the weight room with 10 more pounds of muscle.
But clinical trials are difficult to perform with children.
EchoStar could still try to fight the government suit.
Even blacks with incomes above $67,440 were rejected more often than whites with incomes under $45,000, with 26 percent of the blacks turned down compared with 19 percent of the whites.
But the people of New Jersey are not obliged to re-elect him simply because he is not under indictment.
''There is only the facade of player leadership in the union,'' said Charles P. O'Connor, who was the owners' chief labor negotiator in the late 1980's.
I was staying in a hotel for $15 a night.
He will not test it again until tomorrow.
Fortune of Saxapahaw, N.C., and Freddie C. Fortune of Skokie, Ill.
In fact, he wasn't really part of the family.
An Egyptian student who was exonerated last week after 30 days in custody in connection with the attack on the World Trade Center wants an apology from the government and an investigation, his lawyer said.
coaching life, though he has not ruled out staying with the Broncos.
''These are the key pieces of information,'' Professor Bruccoli said.
Here is a corrected version.
Continental is adding the flights to attract more customers from the Westchester area to Newark Airport, its second-largest United States hub, with some 350 domestic and international departures a day, a Jeff Awalt, a Continental spokesman, said.
It actually closed ahead of schedule in March 2001, only to reopen after Sept. 11, when debris from the World Trade Center collapse was taken there.
Maybe two or three will get a borderline investment grade rating.
But Gavin Menzies, a retired Royal Navy submarine commander and navigation expert, has taken the story a global step forward.
Stricter laws about bicycle helmets would undoubtedly save more lives than a nationwide Amber alert system.
The show comes with two discoveries: that Eakins occasionally projected photographs with the aid of a magic lantern and traced the projections; and that he often began paintings by putting down bright colors, but then added subtle glazes of brown or black to give the pictures evenness and sobriety, a process overlooked or misunderstood by restorers in the past.
Yet that same cycle has created a desperation in which any new idea sparks a glimmer of hope.
Adams had busied himself with the Eastside Hawks, a successful semipro team he owns and coaches in Seattle.
Sprinkle with vinegar and 3 tablespoons olive oil.
Matt Franco hit the Braves' only homer, his first of the season, and Rafael Furcal went 3 for 5 with two runs scored.
George E. Pataki is expected to attend.
Another man at the event, a disc jockey who calls himself D. J. Ray, 47, puts on Sunday night dances at the American Legion Hall in Mineola.
Though such a garment performs the same function as a girdle, to use that word in intimate apparel circles is a misstep analogous to calling decaffeinated coffee Sanka.
Even now, he says, he writes in French, although he has long lived in the United States.
''Best of Times: The Theater of Charles Dickens'' runs through Feb. 15.
''There are three legs to the content stool,'' Ms. Hook said.
''The skills necessary to run a huge urban school district have changed dramatically in recent years,'' said Eli Broad, a financial executive.
His trademark attire -- a white suit and white alligator shoes -- has been a big hit with the region's women.
To them it must be an exotic word in a bizarre alphabet, as challenging to decode as Khmer is to me.
Matt Kinney (1-5) lost his fifth straight decision, allowing four runs and nine hits in five and a third innings.
It's the fashion in today's culture of teenage supermodels and high-end Hollywood brats to imagine the existence of a generation of precocious teenagers who are instant grown-ups.
Directed by Kevin Reynolds (PG-13, 110 minutes).
He has opened a number of bistros and boulangeries over the last three years, including Le Petit Robert, Chez Nous, Bay Bread Boulangerie, Marinette, La Table, Galette and Boulange de Polk.
For ad spending in the United States this year, Mr. Perriss estimated an increase of 1.3 percent from 2001, half of Mr. Coen's estimate for an increase of 2.6 percent.
In that way it was like another life.''
The commission is reportedly concerned that the prime minister approved the project without a legally required public hearing.
It would have been an accident, of course, but one thing is always true of secrets.
Their drive is not only spiritual but also political, and the politics are often radical.
In arresting Ricardo Johnson, whom the authorities described as the founder and leader of the United Kings, the police seized 23 firearms, including several sawed-off shotguns and 9-millimeter handguns.
New York: Walker & Company.
SAN DIEGO PADRES--Recalled RHP Dennis Tankersley from Mobile of the Southern League and RHP Jason Middlebrook from Portland of the PCL.
Hours: Tuesdays through Fridays, noon to 6 p.m.; Saturdays, noon to 5 p.m.; other times by appointment.
He was the retired Director of Finance for the Catholic Charities of New York and St. Joseph's Seminary, Yonkers, NY, which were under the direction of the New York Archdiocese.
Its yield, which moves in the opposite direction, slipped to 4.13 percent, down from 4.15 percent Thursday and 4.24 percent a week ago.
The sad song of the American family farm has already played many times in these parts.
In the same way the lawlessness of Westfield Acres dragged down the neighborhood, Baldwin's Run is expected to be the catalyst for turning it around.
In a director's note in the program for ''The Rise and Fall of Timur the Lame,'' the theater conceptualist and puppeteer Theodora Skipitares explains the origins of the disparate elements of the show, which is at the Annex at La MaMa Experimental Theater Club through March 31.
He started by removing traces of wallpaper and glue, applying a pink adhesive called Wellcrete and gluing in place canvas, which he coated with Diamond, a ready-made plaster that sets in about 45 minutes.
The EX is $21,310 with Real Time 4WD, which is what Honda calls its all-wheel-drive system.
The case against Dr. Debbi is being brought by two assistant United States attorneys, Paul B. Radvany and Kim A. Berger.
The Indians also declined to pick up their 2003 contract option for pitcher Jaret Wright, a former postseason star who has been on the disabled list seven times since 1999.
Hughes ran off with another woman and was accused of squashing Path's genius and breaking her spirit.
But the team, in addition to a payroll of more than $70 million, carries with it the baggage of failing to qualify for the playoffs the last five seasons.
While the department has a procedure for forced, or ''directed,'' assignments, only a few dozen jobs are filled that way.
The industry's expected legal challenge to the new California legislation will likely argue that the state's authority to regulate greenhouse-gas emissions from automobiles is superseded by the federal government's fuel economy regulations, because the two issues are closely correlated.
In Conway, Ark., last year, the school board passed a policy similar to Tecumseh's, but the superintendent decided to wait for the Earls ruling before implementing it.
Globo is seeking a foreign partner to take advantage of a change in Brazil's constitution this year that permits foreigners to own up to 30 percent of Brazilian media companies.
When I returned, I thought, ''Take a picture!''
In a Guthrie newsletter, Mr. Miller is quoted as saying that he has to explain to people they are supposed to laugh at ''Resurrection Blues,'' ''because when it's one of my plays, they forbid themselves to laugh.''
But the tables may be turning.
No group has claimed responsibility for the attack, but it came a day after a local chief of the militant group Lashkar-e-Taiba said his fighters would intensify their bold assaults against the Indian forces.
Come on, get up, get up, get up.
Since then, 90 districts -- about 1 in 10 statewide -- have received permission from the state to open earlier, often by a week or more, to get a jump on the year's curriculum.
''Given the size of the earthquake, I think we're fortunate that far more people were not killed,'' Mr. Fisher said after a helicopter trip to the devastated area.
George C. Wallace of Alabama.
Also, Portland is shopping its star forward Rasheed Wallace and point guard Damon Stoudamire.
But the materials and the ideas on display are fascinating (Cotter).
''He doesn't recall seeing anything, I don't recall seeing anything of this kind,'' Ms. Rice said.
But in the first place this is an international criminal court.
He was nearly in tears as his team failed to score in the final seconds.
Fassel would not discuss the specific results of testing done on Pochman's knee Friday.
And now up on the platform was Tiger Woods the conglomerate, wearing a black leather jacket over a black T-shirt, blue jeans, black shoes and the Tiger Woods smile.
Offensively, an old tune for the Giant: yardage aplenty, points insufficient.
But from the basic training that went on display today, the country's new leaders hope, eventually, to build a credible state.
For New Jersey and New York, employment certificates are required for anyone under 18.
They can tell, they claim, if the stream water used by a distillery had flowed over heather or granite.
But a widening of political interest in explaining the disaster became evident in the questioning of experts from the standards institute, the Federal Emergency Management Agency and other organizations.
Simon, 250 West 52nd Street, (212) 307-4100.
''Two dollars and 47 cents!''
Where the Fabled and Famous Rest Cemeteries in Westchester County compete, in part, by bragging about their famous dead, as well as by emphasizing the views and the superb upkeep.
And you attribute that to the fact that numerous high-ranking FBI officials who have made decisions or have taken an action, which in hindsight has turned out to be mistaken or just turned out badly, have seen their careers plummet and end.
Mr. Armajani's contempt for political extremes has kept him from returning to Iran since 1960, and though he has embraced his adopted country, he still considers himself an exile, though reconciled to being one.
Fortunately, the phone didn't ring during the play, but the experience reinforced my belief that the beast we call technology turns us into narcissistic automatons as it leads us down the primrose path of increased convenience.
Although the sentiment was far from universal, many said they trusted President Bush on Iraq because of his resolute action against terrorism in the past year.
Rather, said Julia Akinwunmi, a co-worker for 12 years, ''whatever'' reflected Ms. Tamares's positive attitude toward work, toward friends, and toward most aspects of her life.
''The sky is not the limit.''
''But I think he thinks he can be a lot of help.
The city will continue to provide the money to keep the library open through this year.
As to life in Herald Square, Mr. Bloom said he appreciates its kinetic activity.
I recall sitting in Edward Bennett Williams's box at a Redskins game in Henry's heyday.
Nvidia fell $4.81, to $57.35.
''It's about shape, cleanliness and a perfect stem,'' he said.
The others charged today were Michael W. Magidson, 22, and Jaron C. Nabors, 19, both of Newark, a city of about 43,000 people south of San Francisco in Silicon Valley.
JOE GISONDI Assistant Professor of Journalism Eastern Illinois University
Half of the doctors missed more than a quarter, the workshop's organizers say.
''Provincetown Wharf'' (2001) is his most compelling painting.
''We knew this was earnings management, but it was under the guise of buying some contract from them,'' one former Enron executive said.
His current releases are deeply colored and intense, with complex blends of flavors and aromas.
''Come on,'' he said, directing his remarks at the militants, ''this isn't the betrayal of public services -- it's their renewal.''
The task force, which is based in Key West, Fla., and is part of the military's Southern Command, would provide radar and other information to help Peru and Colombia know when to start their interceptor missions.
This production used a 10-scene version in Mussorgsky's original scoring, which, once thought crude, was articulate and supple in the hands of James Conlon, the conductor.
Despite an intriguingly warm performance from the excellent Ms. Burton, something definitely gets lost in the translation from extreme yang to yin, like an authentic sense of character or any narrative excitement.
He was a member of Bird Key Yacht Club of Sarasota, and Longboat Key Club.
And you can't believe you're watching this on a commercial -- it's thoroughly subversive.''
Teenage keg parties in wooded areas of this town prompted parent meetings last fall.
Or, Warner can signal the offensive unit by raising his leg.
In Las Vegas he was Efren Reyes again.
At the supermarket, a sure way to rile people is to fumble for a penny while standing at the head of the checkout line.
The big gaps are not two years down the line.
If Mr. Reich wins the primary -- by no means a sure bet -- it may be hard, if not impossible, for the Swift-Guerriero ticket to compete for the liberal vote.
''There's so much stock market money,'' Mr. Wilson said.
Strong exports from mainland China by way of Hong Kong, and an influx of mainland Chinese tourists, are creating jobs even as Hong Kong's economy stagnates.
He was fourth in the A.F.C.
Yet without economic reform to improve the prospects for people here, the attraction of radical Islamic movements to the poor and disaffected may continue to grow.
He said the fire was so intense that officials issued a general alarm, which called in virtually all of the town's firefighters as well as those from neighboring Teaneck and other parts of Bergen County.
Mr. McSporran, head of of the trust, said the islanders plan to open a pub, a tearoom and a museum and to turn their homes into bed-and-breakfast enterprises.
WILLIAMSES DIVORCE: The parents of Venus and Serena Williams completed their divorce yesterday in West Palm Beach, Fla.
Dave Samuels and Dave Valentin.
Having moved to Virginia, Vaughn's parents made 12 round-trip flights each season to watch him play, staying in a condominium that he leased for them.
Since January the value of the family's investment in Vivendi has fallen to less than $1 billion from $3 billion.
Hernández's contract includes a $6 million club option for 2004, but it kicks in automatically if Hernández reaches 650 innings during any three-year span.
Visitors flock to this quiet village to take in the Victorian architecture, tour the nearby wineries, or visit battle sites from the War of 1812.
Ron Dayne is playing for the Giants in an age when critics -- and everyone seems to be a critic -- often treat an athlete as a hero today and a bum tomorrow.
LYNN MILAM, after the police in Hernando, Miss., told her, incorrectly, that her husband was probably responsible for her arsenic poisoning.
Each regulation, however obscure, has its purpose and its champion.
That hasn't happened quite yet, but economic research on online commerce is booming.
A lot of people think we're a sleepy little river town, just a lot of misperceptions.
surveillance over other forms of electronic monitoring is that each offender can be given designated ''hot zones,''areas around schools, playgrounds or victims' houses that are off limits.
One of them is Woolf herself (played by Nicole Kidman), on the day of her suicide in 1941.
Speaking of the United States troops, he said: ''There is no intention for them to become active combatants.
It's more of a speed game; the best pass rusher usually lines up over there and it's the quarterback's blind side.''
Fifth Avenue Synagogue records with profound sorrow the passing of the father of its esteemed member, Dr. Debra Sheinkopf, and extends heartfelt sympathy to the bereaved family.
Weather-beaten American flags still fly from every other minivan antenna, and the signs along Route 35 still proclaim ''God Bless Middletown,'' but for most residents of this comfortable, self-concerned suburb, life has regained its former hectic rhythms, marked by early morning commutes, early evening intramural sports and monthly mortgage payments.
Mr. Hussein would surely cooperate if troops were massed on his border and an invasion was otherwise unavoidable, but it would take far longer for inspections to work than it would be possible to maintain the credible threat of an invasion.
Bills Price 99.575 99.108 High Rate 1.680 1.765 Investment Rate 1.712 1.805 Low Rate 1.64% 1.70% Median Rate 1.66% 1.74% Total applied for $40,584,713 $32,063,393 Accepted $23,265,073 $20,739,293 Noncompetitive $1,360,118 $872,041 Both issues are dated June 27, 2002.
Last July on Conan O'Brien's show, one of her jokes used a familiar slur referring to Asians.
''We are just looking forward to getting our hands on him.''
Just as it is theoretically possible to provide a balletic adaptation of an opera with new music, so choreographers could give old operatic stories new plot twists.
The disaster is absurd in its enormity, she said.
''The country is full up,'' he said, noting that the 16 million inhabitants already live in Europe's most densely populated nation.
The first, which he calls the ''hour of the lawyers,'' is when new constitutions are written, including basic rights and the rule of law.
And in 1917 in the stately Teatro de la República, members of the first postrevolutionary Congress drafted the Mexican Constitution.
He added, ''This Jud is such a completely and complexly realized character that he threatens to become the show's center.''
No one's helping kids figure out where they're going -- not just in the inner cities but in the suburbs.
It's too lean and spiky.
Saugerties, N.Y. WHY: Woodstock has everything.
They put two on with one out in the seventh, but Nick Johnson struck out and Vander Wal was thrown out at third on the front end of a double steal.
It took about 15 weeks for the yield on the Treasury's 10-year note to fall a full percentage point to its 2001 low of 4.18 percent on Nov. 7.
But you can't always find it.
New York law holds landlords legally responsible for pollution even if some other owner contaminated the site long ago.
F1 Health & Fitness F6 BUSINESS DAY C1-16 A Woody for the 21st Century Automakers say the next big thing will be a class of vehicle offering three rows of seats and resembling a beefed-up station wagon.
They invite their high rollers, usually those with at least a $50,000 credit line, to arrive for the weekend with complimentary rooms and ringside tickets.
The notion that no other King wanted to take a shot other than Bibby at the end of the game is a popular one.
''Executive privilege'' was restricted by the Supreme Court in the Nixon case and further circumscribed by the courts in Clinton's frantic attempts to place himself above the law.
Fassel indicated that Zeigler would not start against Arizona -- Fassel said he was in no rush to push him back into the starting lineup, ahead of Chris Bober -- but Zeigler could play in a reserve role.
He began his working life repairing hulls in a Havana boatyard, until he spoke out against poor working conditions and promptly lost his job.
On the East Coast, only the Center for Coastal Studies in Provincetown, Mass., is authorized to disentangle humpback whales, an endangered species.
INSIDE TRACK The meet, the largest indoor collegiate meet of the year, attracted 1,500 athletes from 50 colleges.
The much-watched indexes may not capture mood swings that lead to more or less spending, they argue, but only such down-to-earth concerns as how much the next pay check will be and whether it will still be arriving six months from now.
Until now, those valuations have been buried deep in the footnotes of annual reports, with no quarterly update required.
He loved the Lobos and this basketball program.
The report released Saturday evening by a special committee of the Enron Corporation's board clearly raises the specter that at the foundation of the company's downfall was a series of multimillion-dollar crimes, legal experts and former prosecutors said yesterday.
'' Today, companies like American Airlines, Domino's Pizza, Allstate Insurance and H & R Block advertise on the show, and there is a waiting list of other companies that want to be sponsors.
-- Anthony J. Baiata, Medford, N.Y. A.
''This can't be anything but good for the people of both counties.
Thomas F. Pike was among the commission members who found the plan appealing, even spiritual.
In all, 73 Pagans were charged.
Meeting place and reservations: (212) 334-2211, Extension 101.
''A lot of physicians think Columbia University is not very competent at running practices,'' he said.
Meanwhile, the athletes are lectured about some educational mission but then sent to play on Tuesday and Thursday nights.
''All they need to do is get a wire transfer, and they can get the software over the Internet,'' Mr. Legensky said.
An ex-F.B.I man on the trail of a killer must consult the imprisoned Hannibal Lecter.
But we liked the place and didn't mind the smell of biriyani rice in the corridors or the hordes of children playing loud cricket on holidays.
It was an electric moment and a small victory for Rivera.
All were paid for with insurance.
The NATO Web site ( //www.nato.int/ ) discusses NATO history, membership, and current news, as well as provides a fact sheet about NATO-Russia relations ( //www.nato.int/docu/facts/2000/nato-rus.htm ).
In the end, however, that's a very dry reason to favor a wizard.
It is more than 30 years since the synagogue called Musmeah Yeshua -- built in wood in 1854 and rebuilt in stone in 1896 -- has had a rabbi.
Even before the session began, Mr. Hatch was overheard speaking angrily to Senator Patrick J. Leahy, Democrat of Vermont, who is the committee chairman and with whom he normally has a cordial relationship.
But three-dimensional it would be.
While the number of initial public offerings fell by four-fifths in 2001 compared with a year earlier, most of the new stocks actually outperformed benchmark indexes like the Dow Jones industrial average, which fell 7.1 percent, and the Nasdaq composite index, which declined 21.1 percent.
Never mind, too, that one can argue that the voters themselves are to blame for the gridlock because in 2000 they essentially elected a government split right down the middle.
Otherwise, there is typically a $9 charge.
A tenor born in the Philippines, Noel Velasco, sang Rodolfo.
''People forget that the market was already dipping before the World Trade Center attacks,'' said Mr. Miller, whose statistics measure his company's appraisals from Battery Park City to 116th Street on the West Side and 96th Street on the East Side.
Memorial service Wednesday, May 8, 6 PM, at Frank E. Campbell, 1076 Madison Avenue at 81st Street.
Its essential principles focus on balance and harmony.
But he entered 2002 facing an array of potential adversaries.
Today and next Sunday at noon and 3 p.m. $15.95; $8.95 for children under 8.
There was also confusion over what to do with my mobile phone number after the incident.
The warrant also states that the government is looking for information about Al Qaeda and two Palestinian terrorist groups, Palestinian Islamic Jihad and Hamas.
''The terrorists are trying to force people out of Lower Manhattan'' and to hurt businesses and the economy, he said.
Representative Thomas M. Davis III of Virginia, head of the National Republican Congressional Committee, said today: ''I think we are going to make history.
In addition, the collective runs an after-school program that serves students from 11 Hartford public schools two days a week, and Creative Communities, a collaboration with the Hartt School of Music that provides arts training to children in housing developments.
''I've done everything they've asked me to do.
Mr. DeNiro plays Vincent LaMarca, a New York homicide detective who has fled the decaying resort town of Long Beach on Long Island to escape a broken marriage and a family history that includes a father who was executed for murder.
First, Cincinnati: The team's major hole is at quarterback.
Rebuilding officials also have presented a detailed outline of transportation plans to Congress, with cost estimates.
In San Juan we finally found a taxi driver who would ferry a dog, and he dropped us at our hotel.
She and Mr. Tragatsch work in Minneapolis, she as the vice president for corporate integrity at HealthPartners, a health maintenance organization, and he as a consultant for Born, an information-technology consulting firm.
There are four elementary schools for Grades K-5 and a middle school for 6-8.
The Bush administration, under pressure from lawsuits by real estate developers, is urging federal judges to roll back legal protections for nearly two dozen populations of endangered species around the country.
The chief problem for me comes with the introduction of Navajo and Apache lore.
But it's a cheap shot for us to scold Arabs for acquiescing in religious hatred unless we try vigorously to uproot our own religious bigotry.
The answer affects the health of individuals, but it also carries national security implications.
But in interviews today, several investment managers and analysts said the endorsement had been too weak to sway their vote.
Tours take about an hour and guides discuss the tiny size of the guest bedrooms as well as efforts to preserve the house.
What does he have to show for it?
Its replacement, the Polynesian-themed restaurant Gauguin, lasted just over a year.
What, then, was wrong with England?
''We've got people taking 30-pound bags of dog food and buckets of water and leaving it out for the squirrels and birds and, yes, the rats.
No doubt Ms. Norman is just as thoroughly in command of her superb resources, but she sounds more immediate and nearer, singing not to us but for us.
The company disclosed the matter in its annual report filed on Wednesday with the commission, which has been looking into Warnaco's financial statements and other public statements.
Those methods are slow to gain ground in a field wary of outside intervention.
''I'm getting X-rayed a couple of days before next week's game, and if the ribs look healthy, I'll be ready to go,'' said Whalen, who will play with a protective shield.
The Mexican government's budget is financed largely by revenues from Pemex.
But is Mr. Frank really hoping for less distance between himself and the world?
When the crown prince met with Vice President Cheney on Wednesday, an official familiar with the discussion said ''a New York fire brigade'' could not have quenched the heat of the frustration the Saudi leader expressed in the meeting.
I certainly felt something, and by the time I returned to the room, Ruth said I was radiant as an Austrian schoolboy, which sounded like a compliment to me.
In his 2 a.m. summation, Mr. Fischetti took on Abner Louima directly, reminding jurors that Mr. Louima had once told investigators -- falsely, he admitted months later -- that the officers who assaulted him had told him it was ''Giuliani time.''
When I lived in New York, it was like living inside a television -- all the wires and tubes and transistors obscured the picture -- but from the outside, I could see the screen.
Your legacy will linger as your spirit soars.
I knew it had a chance.
The settlement by the company, which is based in Saddle Brook, N.J., raised hopes that a wave of asbestos suits against some of the biggest names in manufacturing may be ending.
''Our standards say that if you become aware of a problem, you have to review it right away,'' he said.
True, she arrived for her interview looking decorative in a turban, enamel shell earrings and a string of pearls from which a gleaming blackamoor pendant hung.
For some odd reason, Baum has never been the subject of a full-length biography.
He shot 2 for 9 Saturday night after his 1-for-9 night in Miami on Friday.
said that it earned $445 million, or 89 cents a share, from the operations it is keeping.
He firmly believes that going barefoot is not healthier.
In clarifying the credit for producer last month, a publicist for the show said in an e-mail message, ''The production is being produced by Benjamin Mordecai and Sageworks (Wilson's production company).''
Revenue rose to $354.8 million from $277.3 million.
The Pirates squandered one-run leads in the eighth and ninth innings but won it in the 10th after Jack Wilson walked with two outs and Brian Giles singled him to third.
''I think this weekend of these preparations might show you the horse who has got the ability to put all the pieces together,'' Ward said.
''It is also true,'' he said, ''that multilateralism is the weapon of the weak, and that there is an unarticulated power game going on, with the Europeans trying to restrain the United States like the Lilliputians did Gulliver, through international regimes.''
As a man approaching 60, he looks more like an outcast than he ever has, as if he had just come down from the mountain or up from the gutter.
The film's title comes from a bit of advice that Benigno, who regales the silent Alicia with amusing anecdotes, beauty tips and movie plot summaries, gives to the disconsolate Marco.
So the job of inspectors is to determine his level of cooperation, see.
The Republican governor, who is preparing to run for a third term this year, said the confluence of terrorist attacks on Sept. 11 and the recession had devastated tax revenues, opening a $5.1 billion shortfall in the budget for the next fiscal year, which begins April 1.
According to Mr. Nolan, the stealthing of church steeples to accommodate antennas can cost as much as $500,000, nearly three times the cost of a new tower.
Yahoo modestly increased its forecasts for 2002.
Ahmed, who dropped out of school in the second grade, earns $2 a day hunched over the loom, laboring over a rug that will adorn some American's living room.
He asked the alliance to compare its preferred site and any alternate sites on several grounds, including the tower's benefits to local and state residents, as well as environmental impact, engineering challenges, aesthetics, security and local support.
After the September attacks, Congress imposed new restrictions requiring background checks of many foreigners studying at flight schools here, and immigration officials tightened visa requirements.
A card showing boys scampering around twisted wreckage comments sarcastically: ''The children playground, designed by NATO.''
But the frequency of coal fires appears to have risen, experts say, as mining has exposed more and more deposits around the world to fires, both natural and set by people, and the oxygen that feeds them.
Iowa DES MOINES Capitol, 6 p.m.; a ceremony will include a parade to Sec Taylor Stadium the program will include a fly-over by the Iowa National Guard and a speech by Gov.
A season-ending knee injury to Antonio McDyess left the Knicks stripped of its two most dangerous players.
I did, however, achieve enlightenment, so the day wasn't a total bust.
Mr. Iler, 17, is charged with second-degree robbery along with Michael Cournede, 20, and Alban Selimaj, 17.
As a result, schools throughout the state have experimented with various solutions to lighten the load.
''I heard a deafening explosion,'' said Sharif Ajnabi, a security guard who was sitting in the park across from the consulate.
Its short criterion is ''the presence of psychotic symptoms in the absence of mood changes for at least two weeks in a patient who has a mood disorder,'' but the caveats and exceptions go on and on.
Mr. Frist also indicated that the blueprint should include the development of new ''health care infrastructure'' -- information and management systems to measure outcomes and exchange information between doctors and patients.
WHEN President Bush was here last week, he talked tough, gazing across the demilitarized zone into North Korea, a charter member of his ''axis of evil.''
''The film exposes the anatomy of hate,'' said Marjan K. Greenblatt, Associate Director of the league's Los Angeles office.
Long, unfamiliar, based on a classic literary source few in the audience are likely to know as well as they should, the opera puts the advantages of captions in bold relief, but also their drawbacks.
Beloved husband of the late Susanne P. W. Grandin and loving father of John L., III and his wife Anne of Chestnut Hill, Edward W. of Jamaica Plain and Preston E. and his wife Susan of Chestnut Hill.
MITCHELL: It also comes after ''Erin Brockovich'' and ''Traffic,'' and it's pretty different from those movies, too.
Under the federal Voting Rights Act, any changes that might affect voting in a jurisdiction with a history of discrimination against minority voters -- which includes Manhattan, Brooklyn and the Bronx -- require Justice Department approval.
The two were partly inspired by a well-known art program at Gugging, a mental institution in the suburbs of Vienna.
Interment B'nai Abraham Memorial Park, Union, NJ.
Pinchbeck's breakthrough moment arrives at 3 a.m. in Palenque, Mexico, when he smokes DMT -- a powerful synthetic drug that blasts the user into a full-blown out-of-body state for all of 10 minutes.
Bonds has hit 613 regular-season homers, fourth on the career list, but until now, he had been a disaster in the postseason.
I hope the loss of Stagebill will motivate the Broadway arts community to take another look at what it's handing out to patrons.
Many other village residents sniffed about imposing numbers on the village's nearly 900 homes.
''A chancellor who dyes his hair will also trim every statistic,'' said a Christian Democratic member of Parliament named Karl-Josef Laumann.
The Islanders killed all six Pittsburgh power plays.
Now that they have decided to move back, they are not so sure they got the best deal when they sold.
Widger, a 30-year-old catcher, is a .240 hitter in 381 career games, all but 10 with the Montreal Expos.
Andersen was indicted last month on a single charge of obstruction stemming from a widespread effort coordinated by Mr. Duncan to destroy records related to Enron.
Friends may call at Frank E. Campbell, 1076 Madison Ave. at 81 St., Sunday and Monday, 3-5 and 7-9 PM, with service Tuesday, 9:30 AM.
Ms. Lopez, known as J.
Skirmishing with mortality, too, are the floating vaporous strokes akin to the mists of anesthesia that float through her ''Between'' paintings (1985), created between her hospital stays, and her last ''Sunflowers'' paintings (1990-91), filled with erratic rows of orbed light darkened by the embrace of fall's decay.
''I agree that Saddam Hussein is somebody who has done terrible things in the past,'' Mr. Chrétien said, referring to the invasion of Kuwait by Iraq in 1990 and Mr. Hussein's use of chemical weapons against Iraqi separatists.
But today he has got to earn them against the Bears in the playoffs.
Do Jean-Marie Le Pen's success in France, Jörg Haider's in Austria and Silvio Berlusconi's in Italy signal a trend?
But the man who was perhaps most impressive in the Knicks' 3-0 preseason road trip to Utah, Sacramento and San Antonio was Charlie Ward.
So it is apt this Fourth of July week to consider if one of our founding fathers, Benjamin Franklin, succeeded in devising an American ethic and if we practice it today.
''And that's important for the results,'' he said.
In the hothouse of the network-news industry itself, however, there is a constant undertow of bitchiness, as if the three men were squaring off in a new election for prom king every single night.
As an undergraduate at Harvard in the 1930's, he was taught economics by Joseph A. Schumpeter, Wassily Leontief, Seymour Harris, Alvin Hansen and other members of a department that has become legendary.
We are sure that their children and grandchildren will continue their legacy for many years.
Gerstein offers up a view of a lush New England valley (complete with the caws of crows, the ringing of a church bell and the ''taaaatata'' of a lone horn player) and invites the reader to ''open your ears like Charlie'' to hear the music he heard.
Car Sales Spur Growth in Quarter The economy grew more briskly in the third quarter than first thought, with car sales helping to more than triple the second-quarter pace, the government said.
Marketers were also paid for making commitments to deliver standby electricity in the event of a sudden loss of supplies.
Analysts had been expecting the company to report a profit of 7 cents a share, according to Thomson Financial/First Call.
''We see, we feel, we breathe through fabric,'' she went on, straining to continue through the fumes and fear.
The Angels were born the next year as Major League Baseball expanded for the first time, and this is their first World Series.
Getting big horsepower from a teensy engine was the draw for 26-year-old Kevin Dyson, an environmental engineer from the Pittsburgh region.
She said that diplomats from some small nations, for example, would suffer from reductions in information-technology spending because they relied on the organization's system for Internet connections.
For others, attitudes among intellectuals themselves posed a problem.
We extend our condolences to daughters Ruth and Sara, brother Carl and the entire Nerken family.
There is very little new in this picture about an arrogant pro basketball player who becomes a better man by spending time as a woman.
The subway, they say, is no longer the place where good performers simply start or end their days.
Germany and France have struggled to cut spending but have not taken the kind of scalpel to their budgets that would push them comfortably below the 3 percent threshold.
After some research, I found the answer.
Even in small ways, the memory of last September seemed to intrude on yesterday's celebrations.
He notes that the average audience age for the two big guys in late night has been creeping higher and higher.
But with Houston shut down for the first time this season, the Knicks really had no chance.
If it had hit the Pacific Ocean, the splash would have sent a tsunami 30 feet high crashing into San Francisco.
But after being repeatedly rebuffed, Mr. Acun is preparing to take his case to court.
Vise reveals in ''The Bureau and the Mole'' that Hanssen's wife's brother, also an F.B.I.
countries that have refused to adopt the common currency -- Britain, Sweden and Denmark.
The money will also support scholarships, a professorship in religious studies and scientific and technical equipment.
We've tried to reasonably, intelligently educate people that we're not all one note.''
Michael L. Mayo, an analyst with Prudential Financial, released a report estimating legal and regulatory liabilities of $10 billion for Citigroup as a result of its business with the two bankrupt companies along with other corporate scandals.
He envisioned his guests arriving on a crisp, cloudless day, sipping blackberry mimosas before tucking into a banquet of homemade soy salad sandwiches, organic greens, and for dessert, fresh-plucked berries drenched in cream.
Indeed, Congressional investigators said, Andersen removed Mr. Bass from consulting on the account at the request of Enron officials.
Suppose that when Dr. Waksal, the former chief executive of ImClone Systems, discovered that the Food and Drug Administration would not approve his company's new cancer drug, he thought nothing more than: ''Ouch.
He was an Elder at The Reformed Church of Bronxville and a past President of Siwanoy Country Club.
Australia is convinced that the government of Iraq's ambitions to acquire W.M.D.
There are 1.4 million people in Suffolk County.
In the process of a tough campaign to send refugees back to the North, the Chinese have been advising North Korea on ways to revamp its highly structured Communist-style economic system.
It reflects a broad range of techniques, but subject matter is rather traditional.
At the same time, the State Department is under pressure to share what it knows with the public about possible threats around the world.
The hotel has a piano bar, a beach restaurant and a heated octagonal pool.
There is one major difference.
It's not something we had all in the can.
For their part, Mr. Bush and his Russian counterpart portray the treaty as a historic landmark, with Mr. Bush again repeating that it ''liquidates the cold war legacy of nuclear hostility between our countries.''
Burnt Point, a six-year-old, 18,000-square-foot abode in Wainscott, is listed at $50 million and Briar Patch, a 10,000-square-foot country home on Georgica Pond, is up for grabs at $45 million.
GarcÛa's 19 points represented the day's best round -- just one off the tournament record.
But they also find themselves working more hours, as the traditional divide between work and private life continues to blur.
What matters is the show's unprecedented success, which pointed the way to musicals that were about something and which ultimately led Merman herself to play the mother of all mothers in ''Gypsy,'' one of the most about-something shows of all time.
You must persevere to the end, my brother.''
Giving up 334 yards on the ground can do that to a team.
Yet theatergoers for whom the adjective worthy is a signal to buy another round of tickets to ''Mamma Mia!''
''It's one thing if you're an Ageless Explorer and want to work because you find it stimulating and fun,'' Dr. Dychtwald said.
The deadliest outbreak of E. coli contamination occurred in 1993, when the Jack in the Box restaurant chain sold hamburgers tainted with E. coli 0157:H7.
It is a measure of his complexity that Mr. Kobzon has won admiration at home and abroad for standing up to anti-Semitism.
A senior Pakistani intelligence official said American forces had taken part in the raid, and the incident sparked a daylong protest in Miran Shah against the presence of the Americans.
Friends may attend a memorial service Saturday, June 22, at 3 PM, in the Unitarian Church in Westport, 10 Lyons Plains Rd, Westport, CT. Interment was private.
Think the Dallas owner, Jerry Jones, got wind of that?
He is big and strong, Knows exactly how I feel.
Philosophers like to explain Hume's argument using swans.
Husband of the late Dorothy (Walker) de Vausney.
But it is also an important question for Carnahan personally.
One reason Mr. Talmadge never had a serious contest until 1980 was unfailing attention to constituents.
Ms. Landau has given the museum one of his later word paintings, ''The Act of Letting a Person Into your Home'' (1983).
I had read about women who find themselves faced with the biggest transition of their lives and immerse themselves in manufacturing the Perfect Wedding.
His mother retired as a special education teacher at the Washington Elementary School in Manchester.
''We are not walking away from the agreement,'' the official said.
In what its executives called probably their last earnings call before the closing of their acquisition by Hewlett-Packard, Compaq reported a profit of $44 million, or 3 cents a share, on sales of $7.7 billion.
Innate Abilities *An intuitive physics, used to keep track of the ''oomph'' of objects as they fall, bounce or bend.
In the former case, President Johnson feared that Communism might take root in the Dominican Republic; in the latter, President Ronald Reagan, regardless of what he said about imperiled medical students, feared that the Soviets might make use of an airfield being built on Grenada.
No doubt he caught them lazily refreshing their palate before moving on to the cheese.
That makes it hard for her to juggle the various issues and arguments, and it has left her completely at sea about the E.P.A.
Over the long term, Ms. Minow has developed a reputation as a savvy analyst of corporate governance issues.
And if by chance they remain vigorous, the particulars of their lives -- their secrets -- are not necessarily for the sharing.
Each survived the vagaries of the Bowl Championship Series ranking and the noisy bar fights that ensued about whether the Lords of College Football had made autumn Saturdays too dadgum complicated.
After all of the current owners have been identified and included on the deed, it is necessary to determine how the new owners will take title.
What's important is to give a multidimensional show that tries to teach a wide curriculum, tolerance, understanding, diversity.''
You'll have years like that.
What was notable was the number of comments about the presence of a new face -- any new face.
Like the Bernard Hopkins-Felix Trinidad middleweight championship bout in September, the Forrest-Mosley matchup was a classic example of an underdog's style exploiting the weaknesses of a fighter expected to dominate the ring.
The report released today may be the most notable one her office has produced.
Unlike most illusionists, he performs without the traditional signifiers of magic: no tuxedo, no girls in spangles, in fact, no stage unless you count the street.
One is a funky 1962 Rauschenberg combine made of a free-hanging tarp with a stuck-on Coca-Cola sign.
In the wake of the attacks on the United States last September, the Mexican government has begun to distribute new digitally coded consular identification cards, which check an applicant's information against computerized census and voter rolls in Mexico.
It was after the breakup that Sir Paul formed Wings, whose hit songs, including ''Jet'' and ''Live and Let Die,'' were part of the current tour.
Snow Hill Kitchen, 327 East Evesham Avenue, (856) 310-2996.
He said, 'Yeah, I believe so.'
But at Epinions.com, dozens of furious customers describe Oritron units that refused to operate, stopped playing movies halfway through or expired completely just after the meager 90-day warranty.
Service Friday July 5 at Riverside, 21 West Broad Street, Mount Vernon, New York.
She recalled cooking her son dinner the night of the shooting, and his leaving the house saying, ''Don't worry, Mom, I'll be back soon, not late.''
But it is not clear that this will make any difference.
Yet ultimately the finger pointing may not matter as much as the fact that this issue is back in the news.
Love, Lauren, Ari and Andrea
Harrison was not the only Westchester school to win a state championship on a late field goal last weekend.
To that end, Ms. Byers said her nonprofit organization had set up a Heart of the Pine Barrens Fund, seeking support from corporations, other conservation groups and individuals.
Mr. Kwasniewski happens to be a friend of Mr. Michnik's, and for the first time in his presidency, Mr. Kwasniewski has said he would veto a bill -- this one -- if it passed Parliament in its current form.
Drizzle with olive oil and optional lemon juice or vinegar.
Hours before the injury, White said that Abraham could ultimately become one of the game's greats, if he stayed healthy.
''It's like a votive candle,'' said Saskia Levy, the project organizer for the Municipal Art Society, the primary sponsor of the installation.
Community colleges are also big providers of vocational training, whose instructors are expected to bring real-life experience into the classroom.
When the turducken is done, you set it on the platter, collect the cooking juices -- which are rich and concentrated, like a demiglace -- in a gravy boat and march both to the table.
But he has a much lighter touch than Monk did, and he lets notes commingle and shift within changing chords; his harmonies come together softly and a bit mysteriously.
For a midmajor program like Winthrop, reaching the N.C.A.A.
Despite this gaffe and preaching to the unconverted, the evening ended with an ovation after Christine Dakin and Terese Capucilli, the troupe's senior dancers, now also called its artistic coordinators, thanked company alumni and others for helping stage the program.
''The stars are lining up'' for such a debate, said Gilbert E. Carmichael, the chairman of the commission.
Remembering the Depression, people didn't feel comfortable taking risk.
Hanson, which is based in London, bought it from the building products group Amatek Holdings Ltd. Christopher Collins, Hanson's chairman, said earlier this month that the company would channel some of its profits into North American expansion.
But he seems to have spent far more effort on the research and planning of this project than on its physical form, which seems underrealized, rough, even half finished.
Officials said the calls were intended to pave the way for Deputy Secretary of State Richard L. Armitage, who is expected to meet President Pervez Musharraf in Islamabad on Thursday, and then proceed to India for talks with Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee.
But no other leader on either side is believed to have enough public support to persuade their people to support a reunification agreement, which must be ratified by referendums in both communities.
Mr. Galliano was arrested in March 2000 and charged with sexual assault in the second degree, endangering the welfare of a child in the third degree and lewdness in the fourth degree.
The project is to include 10 buildings with 16 units each; a pool and recreation building; rehabilitation of the 62-slip marina, where ELCO boats were launched; and the waterfront walkway.
The Shaws were not named in the suit and have denied involvement.
Services and interment were private.
The Rangers are 12-14-4-1 this season.
Further United Nations inspections, he said, would dangerously ''provide false comfort.''
ABC is also bringing back two shows that had only brief runs this season -- ''The Bachelor'' and ''The George Lopez Show.''
A phalanx of Memphis police officers will bisect the ring before the bout to separate Lewis and Tyson and their ring assistants.
''These could not have been put back in if the Council was not united, and I think the speaker did a very good job of making sure we stayed focused and on point.''
He warned that Mr. Sattar was in frequent communication with leaders of the Islamic Group, which took responsibility for a 1997 attack in Luxor, Egypt, in which 58 tourists were killed.
It shows in her no-look passes, which either land with precision or end up in the third row.
RANDY CUNNINGHAM Cleveland, Nov. 10, 2002
Wanda Chalk recently landed a job in Houston with a payroll services company after being laid off by Enron, where she had worked for 15 years.
The buildings would earn the Port Authority, and New York, a global profile that could not be matched.
''It is a world where everyone can live in peace in the future if they get the book back from the evil King Wilson.
While AOL will continue to commission a smattering of original video programming users can watch -- like a shortened version of Bob Costas's ''On the Record'' sports interview program from HBO.
Andersen Legal, the affiliated law firm, is not part of the deal, mainly because Deloitte does not have a legal practice in Britain.
In one of the most publicized cases ever in Pensacola, the brothers were convicted on Sept. 6 of second-degree murder and faced sentences of 22 years to life in prison for the November 2001 killing of Terry King, who was bludgeoned to death with a baseball bat as he slept in a recliner in their living room.
Prosecutors will immediately appeal the ruling, said Patrick Clark, a spokesman for the Queens district attorney, Richard A.
State Senator Wayne Bryant, a Democrat from Lawnside, and his brother, Mark, who is the town's mayor, were both pushing a site on the edge of town.
Two juries convicted all five of involvement in the attack.
M.'s mother, like his sisters, still can't bring herself to refer to M. as ''he.''
Then they pick somebody else.
This unrelenting stream of bad news and broken faith has reshaped the public consciousness just as members of Congress head home.
''You go to a booking with Gisele Bundchen and you understand.
The model, whoever he may be, is one of the few to be found in Esquire, whose fashion pages have been given over to images of men who do not pose in front of a tripod for a living.
They have been killed indiscriminately for years.
Tryon, showing the prevailing confidence of today's young players on Tour, said his goal is to get his card again, either by finishing in the top 25 on the money list or by winning a tournament.
We've played so hard the last two games, but we can't be satisfied with that.
You could call it habit, but mostly it was a stubborn streak of dependability that guided Mrs. King, who was 59.
ROBERT M. MORGENTHAU Chmn., Museum of Jewish Heritage- A Living Memorial to the Holocaust New York, Jan. 9, 2002
Pumping Yorktown's sewage to Peekskill would require no construction in the city, he added, and would remove half of the effluent that currently goes into the water system.
Thousands died, but thousands more melted into the mountains of Afghanistan, where American Special Operations forces, backed by billions of dollars in high technology resources from satellites to night vision equipment, are still hunting them.
Justice Antonin Scalia, whose support of the Washington Legal Foundation was manifest, challenged Mr. Dellinger by asking, ''Whose money earned the interest?''
Make no mistake, however, Wall Street is applying great pressure on networks to find better business models for their news divisions.
This was not to be the last time Mr. Harkarvy was involved with troubled companies.
There is an added cost of $800 a month for a second person, $300 without meals.
The Cubs lost for the eighth time in 10 games.
''We want to know what happened.
For the last 25 years, Fordham's Graduate Center at Tarrytown has offered courses in education, business administration and social service in a building rented from Marymount.
He was in critical condition last night.
Republicans and Democrats battled over the legislation for nearly two years and still had disagreements over it.
''I like starting with a game like this because throughout the spring and summer and into the fall you do have something in training camp that will get your attention because we don't have the benefit of having exhibition games and really a way of knowing how our young players are going to play,'' Carr said.
He needed a birdie on 18 after taking a double bogey on the par-4 17th.
The new report, the third in a series of nine, said there was no reason for federal health officials to change the current immunization schedule, which calls for infants to receive as many as 15 shots in the first six months of life.
In an interview, Mr. Altevogt called that assertion ''a big lie,'' and added that such ads might become more common under the new law, as groups like his control a larger share of the advertising dollar than the political parties.
COHN - Bertram Douglas, M.D.
Recife's Jews were forced to leave when the Portuguese returned.
(That would be a mistake for first-time visitors, of course.)
(Ages 4 to 8) 6 6 61 THE REPTILE ROOM, by Lemony Snicket.
He has never lived farther than a mile from where he was born on the Upper East Side of Manhattan.
Ms. Jones and Ms. Harding have already plummeted through the traditional safety nets available to former supermarket tabloid cover girls -- an appearance in Penthouse magazine and a No-Excuses jeans contract for Ms. Jones, and for Ms. Harding a pornographic wedding-night home video.
''Our goal this year is to advance as far as we can,'' said Carroll, who had 20 points.
The process, which became well known during the 1970's tax revolt in California and gained steam throughout the 90's on issues like term limits, appears to be falling out of favor, with 20 fewer initiatives on the ballot this year than in 2000, analysts say.
At the Williams factory recently, Patrick Head, the team's part owner and technical director, showed off a collection of old Williams cars in the team's private museum.
The Islanders, their image tarnishing following the best start in franchise history, were tied, 1-1, at 11 minutes 3 seconds of the second period with the Penguins about to start a four-minute power play.
His mother taught history and English literature at the Rumson Country Day School.
American officials did not confirm the Yemeni account.
Though he did not single out Nigeria, Mr. Blair's comments had particular resonance here in Lagos, which has been thrown into tumult in the last 10 days.
BUT the overwhelmingly black, cohesive neighborhood has begun to change in recent years, with ''new people'' -- many Hispanic -- moving in.
A commemorative plaque in Box 13 of Stern Auditorium forever bears witness to his longstanding devotion to the Hall.
Upstairs, the broker, Chip Horne from Douglas Elliman, was ecstatic: after two hours, 85 people had come by, and he had a fistful of offers.
SERVICE: Polite but only sporadically communicative.
The studies, being reported today in The New England Journal of Medicine, found that less costly and safer drugs that adjust the heart's rate, the speed at which it beats, are as effective as other drugs and procedures that control its rhythm, the regularity of that beat.
The cultural knowledge textbook also includes a pitch to buy Indian goods and avoid foreign products.
''They promised to help us in this plan,'' he said.
Many use their checks on shopping sprees at the mall or put the money down on new cars, snowmobiles or hot tubs.
Their view of life and sensibility depends on that literality.
In his 15-year career as a volunteer with the Yorktown Ambulance Corps, for instance, Frank Hayes, 71, has been on only about 540 emergency medical calls.
Ali, the youngest daughter of Muhammad Ali, already held the International Boxing Association 168-pound title entering tonight's bout at the Stratosphere's Outdoor Events Arena.
Following are excerpts from Bruce Weber's review, which appeared in The New York Times on June 5.
Martin was suspended for accumulating his sixth flagrant-foul point in Sunday's victory over the Bulls.
Part of it, no doubt, is the ever-present sense here that the world is watching, peering over their shoulders.
The Mets were trailing by 4-0 with one out and two men on base, on a hit batter and a single.
(Burberry fields an annual polo match for the prince's charitable trust.)
But when an American reporter reciprocates by addressing a foreign leader in his native tongue, he is ridiculed by the president of the United States.
The presence of the authorities is not entirely unwelcome, Mr. Lwin said.
No one would have blamed MacCulloch for celebrating, though.
Many of Manhattan Comprehensive's students are close to turning 21, when they will no longer be entitled to a public school education.
''Suite for Five'' is one of his most beautiful works, a complex, fluid distillation of time and space.
Displays of intense patriotism, often accompanied by tears, were everywhere, from the thunderous explosions of red, white and blue fireworks to the recitation again and again of the Pledge of Allegiance, to the many stirring renditions of ''God Bless America'' and the flag-waving parades in cities and towns, large and small.
''You want to seek out that person who's going to say, 'This is the best news I've heard all evening,' '' Ms. Kaminsky said.
Dr. Waksal's father, Jack Waksal, sold more than $8 million of ImClone stock in the two days before the announcement and Dr. Waksal's daughter Aliza Waksal sold $2.5 million worth.
The composers Morton Subotnick and William Duckworth have created such programs, with Musical Sketch Pad at CreatingMusic.com and PitchWeb at MonroeStreet.com/Cathedral, respectively.
One bargain hunter was Kirk Williams, 26, of Harlem, who was carrying three foot baths that had been priced at $19 only a week ago and were now on sale for $9.95, plus a 15 percent coupon discount.
Palestinians said an F-16 jet fighter fired a missile at the police headquarters in the Sheikh Radwan neighborhood in Gaza, which houses the commander of Palestinian forces in Gaza.
''His early obligation only relates to what he has left at his death,'' Mr. Zabel said in a phone interview.
''Publishers and editors are finally beginning to realize that beauty comes in all shapes and sizes, not just in a size 2.''
Both tiptoed along the path of Soviet cultural ideology: sometimes rebellious, often furtively so.
In military and diplomatic usage, the difference between pre-emptive (most often modifying the noun strike or attack) and preventive (most often modifying war) has to do with the imminence of the threat: how soon would the danger become intolerable?
If they were deviants, I asked, why did a U.S. hospital worker here tell me he was appalled to see Saudi doctors and nurses around him celebrating on 9/11?
The Pakistani officials said they believed that a core group of computer experts from Pakistan was at the heart of what American officials have said is a new Internet-based communication system used by Al Qaeda.
That question is the title of a documentary to be shown on many PBS stations next week.
He was my partner and friend, and will be missed by all who knew him.
The bridegroom, 31, sells advertising and sponsorships for WQCD-FM, a jazz radio station in New York.
We went for a Sunday brunch and sat outside overlooking the boats bobbing gently in the harbor at Shippan Point.
Morgan, of course, was an industrialist as well as a financier.
The discounts began on Thursday evening, after US Airways announced that it was cutting its prices on round-trip leisure tickets in all its markets, including its international routes.
Among them were a simplification of applications for children's health insurance and a provision letting the disabled receive Medicaid even if they make twice the usual income limit.
What's left for Kronos's next album?
At this stage you will be making your own decision based on empirical data.
We just don't agree with the mandated solution.
It is a two-handed play about a fire captain, who lost eight men in the collapse of the World Trade Center towers, and an editor, a woman who helps him write the eulogies he must deliver.
To measure business momentum, Mr. Browne reviews trends in earnings forecasts over the last four months, including the number of upgrades and downgrades from analysts.
So why are companies that have recently been in bankruptcy protection issuing stock?
''It's eating and drinking and a lack of physical activity.
Mr. Nelson said that the value of the endowment has dropped to about $1.3 billion from $1.6 billion in the fall of 2000.
''In the 50 years of cold war,'' he said, ''we primarily dealt with people who'd made up their minds and decided to volunteer, including almost everyone Ames killed.
Twenty years ago, Robert and Patricia Bidwell founded Bidwell Vineyards, one of the early wine estates on the North Fork.
Bertelsmann's executives appear to have smoothed the conflict partly by relaxing their stance.
Timothy S. Bishop, the lawyer who argued the case for Mr. Tsakopoulos and his Borden Ranch Partnership, said today that ''we'll all be looking for a case to get up there and see if we can get five justices together.''
''People dismiss all exploitation films, especially horror films, as junk,'' Ms. McDonagh said.
For months, Aventis Pasteur, a major vaccine maker, has been quietly testing the effectiveness of tens of millions of doses of smallpox vaccine, which had been made in one of its factories more than 40 years ago and then stored in freezers, executives said yesterday.
England used David Beckham and Brazil started Ronaldo in their openers, both teams willing to take what the players had to give and then finally substituting for them when they grew tired.
The police here worked the case hard.
We must delay tax cuts until it is clear that we can afford the necessary medicines, detection devices and other previously unforeseen costs that we now face.
Yet Democrats, who noted that perceptions often trump facts, looked on in wonderment last week as Mr. Cheney refused once again to release the records about the contacts of his task force with Enron.
But Henderson overdoes it with the supplies, and Serge collapses.
It looks ordinary, but Cuvée does a different corn bread every day.
CLAUDIA AND JULIA MÜLLER, Maccarone, 45 Canal Street, (212) 431-4977 (through Dec. 5).
As the ring bearer approached, Ms. Ezerksy impatiently called out to him for her trophy.
''They employed numerous nonlethal devices in an attempt to disarm and control the perpetrator.''
And even in countries that are enjoying peace and relative political stability, poverty is still crushing.
In a more civilized time and place, this would be an easy call.
We took one of their better punches.
While many of the most interesting bands are deconstructing rock from the top, the outsiders are deconstructing it from the bottom, and the extremes are meeting.
''I've felt for months that there is no other strategy,'' he said.
Here we have parents enriching their kids' educational life, and all the school is doing is accommodating it.''
Nokia, based in Finland, said today that sales in the third quarter would probably be 7.1 billion to 7.4 billion euros ($7.0 billion to $7.25 billion); its previous forecast, in July, was for 7.6 billion euros.
''I think there is a great future in that.
The colored images look like traditional flower and birds, but on close inspection the birds turn out to be airplanes, a reference to the long-term presence of the United States military on Okinawa.
Mr. Caufield is now considered an ally of Mr. Case, although angry shareholders are trying to win him over.
A detailed description of the worm and a tool that you can use to remove it can be found at the Web site of Trend Micro, the security software maker: www .antivirus.com/vinfo/virusencyclo /default5.asp?VName=WORM _KLEZ.E.
(And ''Head of an Old Woman,'' from the J. Paul Getty Museum in Los Angeles, is actually Vanessa Redgrave.)
Two more City Council members criticized Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg yesterday for remarking this month that black and Hispanic parents who oppose mayoral control of the school system ''don't understand how poor a job'' the schools are doing.
Many of the property owners downtown -- like Silverman Realty, Halpern Real Estate Development and Caspi Development -- say they are already feeling the effects of an recovery in the heart of the city.
She has an elegant Regency-style home in Atlanta, a duplex apartment in Manhattan and a home in Provence in southern France.
The vote was based on a study that found that the implants kept dying heart patients alive for 408 days, as opposed to 150 days for patients receiving conventional drug therapy.
''We prefer to die in honor than live in humiliation,'' he said.
Now thousands of people are switching to another supplier, even as lawmakers put the finishing touches on a plan to get more consumers to make a choice.
Many Amsterdam cafes inaugurate the festivities with street parties the night before.
-- let's clean up the square!
Based on early results for the quarter, which ended on March 31, Compaq said it would meet or exceed Wall Street analysts' expectations of a penny a share and report sales of $7.7 billion, instead of the $7.6 billion it had predicted in January.
On the evidence of this show, Mr. Kallat is surely and steadily developing into the kind of history painter he clearly aspires to be.
Mr. Galluccio left the impression that he would not necessarily reject an outside offer for the business.
Head of Bayer Drug Unit Resigns The head of Bayer's worldwide drug operations resigned during a strategic upheaval intended to allow the company to reshape itself through joint ventures.
We brought the bags of black walnuts up to the house and dumped them out on the hard-packed driveway.
To all this must be added Iraq's demonstrated capacity to convert those ingredients into highly lethal unconventional weapons.
''We're on a completely different track,'' said Roderick Macleish Jr., saying he and his colleagues are preparing to litigate their cases.
''The detentions of Haitian asylum seekers weren't secret,'' said Elisa Massimino, director of the Washington office of the Lawyers' Committee for Human Rights.
''Kids in gangs, they're kind of the result of our negligence in the school district,'' said Henry Torres, an administrator for the Unified School District's after-school programs.
Wild turkeys once roamed freely in all of what is now New York City, but they were mostly hunted off by the beginning of the 20th century.
Torre knows exactly what Mondesi can do: be on time.
''We have found hope with the new government,'' said Shah Jihan, a clerk at the Finance Ministry.
''If a lightning bolt had struck, then it would have been different.
It's a river of crystal falling into a dress, all the shapes are very rounded.
''I'm doing much better,'' she says.
It also helps longtime residents who are trying to remain in the area, where rents have soared with an influx of young professionals and artists.
The magic of ''Metamorphoses'' has been, if anything, enhanced, its gift for subliminal seduction magnified (1:30).
Mr. Kasyanov, speaking only days after President Bush said Iraq was part of an ''axis of evil'' with Iran and North Korea, underlined Russia's opposition to any extension of the campaign by the United States against terrorism to Iraq.
Having guns in the classroom raises the risk of impulse or accidental shootings.''
But he wasn't just walking.
I soothe myself by sampling a rum-and-fruit juice drink called Bahama Mama.
Mr. Robertson sold MP3.com to Vivendi for $372 million in cash and stock in May 2001.
Law enforcement officials said the most obvious serial number on the bottom of the laptop had been obliterated, but investigators were able to confirm that it was stolen on Sept. 5 through a hidden identification number and a file on the computer that had been created by its original owner.
said Donald Watkins, an Alabama political consultant who supported Mr. Davis.
Ahold's annual report, published on Thursday, noted that 2001 earnings prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States would be 90 percent less than when prepared under Dutch accounting standards.
Brooklyn's tallest, at 512 feet, is the iconic Williamsburgh Savings Bank building, now owned by HSBC Bank, at Hanson Place and Ashland Place, which was built in 1929.
But Palestinians accused the army of opening fire to scatter stone-throwers, killing a policeman.
Desperate for business in a buyer's market, many hotels are offering reductions of 1 percent to 5 percent from this year's rates -- sometimes without even being asked.
The Western Sunbathing Association Scholarship Amount: $1,000 (average), offered by the American Association for Nude Recreation, Western Region.
Dara, Rebecca and Gabriele, daughters of Robert and Michele Kaplan.
Intel's losses last year on venture capital investments were $632 million.
''It's a one-week thing if he doesn't go out and play well,'' said Fassel, a couple of hours after he stalked angrily off the field at the end of the team's lackluster practice.
So much for the celebration.
Rabbi Miller is survived by his wife of 51 years, Ruth Goldman Miller; two sons, Rabbi David, of Jerusalem and Rabbi Michael, of Teaneck, N.J.; two daughters, Deborah Kram of Boston and Judith Kalish of Jerusalem; a brother, David, and a sister, Dorothy Miller, both of Netanya, Israel; 19 grandchildren; and eight great-grandchildren.
The government's more aggressive plans are possible because vaccine supplies are rapidly increasing as a result of crash manufacturing and stockpiling efforts begun soon after last fall's terrorist strikes, officials said.
The cast of eight also included Marisa Capellan, Sterling Hyltin, Elysia Lichtine, Mr. Danchig-Waring and Austin Laurent.
But there were moments when even she was buried in the thickets of Puccini's scoring.
The trouble with letting Nakamura play 12 g5 Nfd7 13 Nd5 Bd5 14 ed Nc4 15 Bc4 bc 16 Na5 was that the c6 square beckoned as a beautiful outpost for the white knight.
Analysts and bankers said that the company had several options but that it was unlikely to remain independent.
Then the clerical error wound up taking the investigation on several wrong turns.
''People paid attention to her.''
Durazo homered four times in the previous two games but was given a day off against the left-handed Randy Wolf.
I feel like I'm part of a big family.''
Mr. Kiggen left Credit Suisse this year and could not be reached for comment.
This week the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission released internal memos it had obtained from Enron detailing an edifice of corrupt practices Enron used to profit from artificial shortages it created in the California energy market.
The fact that this bear market has been focused on shares that many own has made it different from the 2000 swoon, when many stocks were rising even as the dot-com stocks were collapsing.
Another parishioner, Brian McPadden, applauded Bishop Thomas V. Daily, the leader of the Diocese of Brooklyn, for not using the Easter services to address church problems.
We stopped just in time to avoid hitting it.
Mr. Ebbers stepped down in April, owing WorldCom $408 million in loans to cover his investments.
If you knew everything Muldoon has ever known (and half forgotten), had met everyone Muldoon has ever met and could make every mental connection Muldoon has ever clicked on, you'd be in the running to qualify; but it would still prove hard for you to get full value from his poems without a university library at your elbow.
Only 25 people escaped unscathed.
The Yankees and the Diamondbacks can begin their 2003 planning early.
CBS, tomorrow night at 9, Eastern and Pacific times; 8 Central time Despite its promising premise and casting, ''Hack'' quickly runs out of gas.
A federal judge provided a significant legal victory for the Bush administration today when she dismissed lawsuits brought by two groups of detainees at Guantánamo Bay, saying United States courts had no jurisdiction over prisoners there.
Once the imitation of nature was rejected as the absolute criterion of art, the way was open for cultural relativism, the pursuit of alternative traditions as a stimulus for European art.
The brief's fine print, however, may have led the justices to take a hard look at the appeal.
The increased scrutiny of the power industry has fostered greater disclosure among the companies, though analysts point out that openness is still uneven and ad hoc.
But the rest of the country just might want to check out Barry Bonds and Scott Spiezio, the sons of baseball players, who each hit a home run last night.
With Attorney General John Ashcroft's counterterrorism team anxious to demonstrate its aggressive approach, federal prosecutors have dismissed the internal criticisms, saying that the case against Mr. Moussaoui is strong and that prosecutors had won convictions in jury trials with less evidence than they have against Mr. Moussaoui.
You know how to use tissue paper.
's remain, there is nothing about the new institutions that echoes that older model.
Mr. Chulpayev came to New York with his family in 1989 and settled in Rego Park.
''We rebuilt every bunker except the carry bunker on No.
It is the defending conference champion and has the conference's best player.
''Did it make you think about different cultures?''
Age 86, of Peapack, NJ, on March 21, 2002.
After the high points of the ABB and AstraZeneca mergers, Mr. Barnevik said he had focused on personnel changes that brought 50 foreigners to the boards of Swedish companies.
Sure, it's not always perfect, but what other equities market compares with the American track record for long-term growth and stability?
When a news report earlier this week said Parcells was reconsidering that decision, Parcells denied it, then intimated that the timing of the report was perhaps intended to hurt his chances of making the Hall of Fame.
Cliff Clark, the president and chief executive of the South Ferry, was also reluctant to comment.
''After many years, all the departments are looking for people in development economics,'' he said.
''One thing Marty accomplished by being in the public eye is that he made a lot of people aware of the brand,'' said David Fisher, the senior vice president who oversees men's wear at Bloomingdale's.
A1 A group of relatives of police officers killed at the World Trade Center retained a lawyer to raise concerns over Rudolph W. Giuliani's handling of the Twin Towers Fund.
But if there is not a sizeable amount of rain or snowfall in the next few months, the state will declare a drought emergency, which will result in mandatory restrictions that turn lawns brown, keep swimming pools empty and directly affect businesses like nurseries and landscapers.
But the executive, Sherron S. Watkins, told a Congressional committee that she believed that Kenneth L. Lay, Enron's former chairman, was largely unaware of the severity of Enron's troubles.
Alex's affections remain focused on Grant's other comely assistant, Holly, who warms to him as she cools on their hero.
After the game, the Eagles said he could miss the rest of the regular season.
With the score at 4-4 in the seventh, Luis Rivas singled leading off against Frank Castillo (5-12), took second on Guzman's infield single and scored on Koskie's single.
But advocates for homeless people say that at a time when a bad economy and a tight housing market are creating record levels of homelessness, more and more cities are responding by cracking down on the consequences of homelessness -- the sleeping, urinating and shopping-cart-hauling habits of homeless people -- rather than by addressing the causes.
Was American promotor for the Tour Maine Montparnesse, Paris, France.
You would think this would be tricky, given the laws of the marketplace, but really it is a matter of psychology and of proportion.
''Our goal is to make work that people will respond to 100 years from now.''
One would urge the administration to work through the United Nations to seek the destruction of Iraq's weapons.
Driven by desperation to one dodge, Democratic pols might have been tempted to try others.
Reuters Loses Merrill Contract Reuters, the loser in a closely watched contest with Thomson Financial to replace Merrill Lynch's antiquated market-data services, moved quickly to cast its loss of the multiyear contract as a victory for common sense and disciplined control of profit margins.
-------------------- Treasury Prices Increase By Reuters Treasury prices rose yesterday as law enforcement warnings of general threats to New York City landmarks enhanced investors' preference for safe government securities.
The reader is left with the sense that Ms. Lessing is simply tossing everything she's ever written about before into this kitchen sink of a novel, with no regard to the niceties of narrative construction or rudiments of storytelling.
But according to one executive involved in the discussions, Aon would probably not leave enough employees downtown to qualify for a cash grant.
''Maybe 5 percent of the industry might be people like that, people out to make a buck who are going to rip you off.
Ford in particular lacks enough new models to compete.
But several people who know both Mr. Parsons and Mr. Case say they rarely conflict, mainly because Mr. Case's concerns often seem distant while Mr. Parsons worries more about what happens next month.
''In our calculus, the net gain is for the president to appear on behalf of these candidates, in order to get our voters to the polls,'' said Dan Bartlett, the White House communications director.
The employment index rose to 40.5 from 35.7.
They are still venturing out in impressive numbers.
The presumed circumnavigation, Mr. Menzies argued, was achieved by a fleet of more than 100 ships, several times larger than the European caravels of 1492, that passed through the Indian Ocean, rounded the capes of Africa and South America and then crossed the South Pacific.
At the time of his death he was employed with Muzinich & Company as a portfolio manager.
Heidi Tandy, a lawyer in Miami who administers another Harry Potter Web site, said she believes the events of Sept. 11 played a role.
Many of them began cleaning parks and supervising playgrounds last March, in renewable jobs lasting 11 months and two weeks.
Besides the economic aspects, personal relationships have emerged.
My husband took the standpoint that if someone was traumatized, he was not going to penalize them for breaking the lease.
But to the astonishment of many experts, it continued to permit the sale of old federal documents that detailed the government's research on and production of biological weapons.
CREAMED CORN Time: 20 minutes 6 ears fresh corn 2 tablespoons butter Sliver of garlic Sea salt 3/4 cup milk 1/4 cup heavy cream.
Most people are afraid of safety inspectors, but they make sure the people you hire are doing their job.
Asked in the same conversation if he would be chairman in a year, Mr. Case answered with a firm yes, people present said.
He served on the Board of Editors for the Journal of Urology from 1974-1978.
It lilts close to the folklore of gaiety and disaster, while all the time a ground bass grunts out of separate territories: this is mine.
After 12 years, the researchers expect to see an effect if there is one.
The latest argument to the contrary comes from airline chief executives, who told Congress recently that their industry needs relief -- again -- from the consequences of 9/11.
''We want them in school regularly, feeling well enough to participate.
When you focus on years, you greatly increase the probability that the recent past will repeat itself.
Today, by a 2-to-1 margin, Americans believe that environmental protection is more important than producing energy, according to a recent New York Times/CBS News poll.
Joel Sachs conducts an extraordinary program of rare and wonderful classics from the last half-century, including one of Stravinsky's finest late works (''Abraham and Isaac'') and pieces by Luigi Nono, Stefan Wolpe and Luigi Dallapiccola.
''And against Pittsburgh, which was the No.
It was New City, N.Y., not Haverstraw.
Torre said the candidates to replace him were MIKE THURMAN and ADRIAN HERNÁNDEZ, who has an 0.87 earned run average and has impressed Torre.
With Exxon Mobil planning to build a pipeline capable of delivering 800 million cubic feet of gas a day to Japan, the company's local unit, Exxon Neftegas Project Services, opened a marketing unit in Tokyo in late August.
Administration officials said today that in the days after Sept. 11, they had hopes that Iran's offer of support -- including landing rights if the United States needed to run rescue operations in Afghanistan -- presaged a major turning point in relations.
A year later, the Securities and Exchange Commission accused Mr. Posner and his son Steven of conspiring with Ivan F. Boesky and Michael R. Milken to gain control of the Fischbach Corporation, an electrical company in New York, in 1984.
It is, on its own terms, thoroughly involving theater, while reminding you that real life has a way of coming up with resonant metaphors and ironies that no dramatist would dare invent (1:45).
At 79 he is the world's most famous photographer.
She felt good about that, she said.
The police report said the officer on the driver's side fired one round, striking the man in the van.
Mr. Leiter said that the event had sold out, at $25 a ticket.
But few Israelis are aware of the terror or damage the bombings spread in the vicinity of the strikes.
It is punishing work: high- and low-flying, demanding manly outbursts at one moment and graceful ornament the next.
(212-989-5566) www.diacenter.org 'GILLIAN WEARING: MASS OBSERVATION' -- A decade's worth of films and video installations by the 1997 Turner Prize winner, who documents herself and others in moments of staged or accidental abandon.
'' Diaz did not make excuses.
PAGE A8 Compromise at U.N.
''It is very clear to me that President Fox understands he is not going to achieve much of his migration agenda in the next few years,'' said Sergio Sarmiento, a political columnist in Mexico City.
But, on the third match point, Davenport sent a forehand long.
With this preemptive strike in place, Dr. Pinker sets out his view of what science can now say about human nature.
The House bill envisions a much larger role for private insurance companies in delivering drug benefits to the elderly.
Most prominent is a 22-foot-high curtain visible from Park Avenue that Picasso painted in 1919 for Diaghilev's ballet ''Le Tricorne,'' which has hung between the two rooms of the Four Seasons restaurant since the landmark building was completed in 1958-59.
Four hours of Scriabin, one paroxysm at the piano exploding or evaporating after another, might be thought too much.
In addition to coping with the indictment, Andersen is struggling to preserve a deal that would transfer its overseas affiliated partnerships to a rival firm, KPMG; that deal has been undermined as the partnerships in several countries have announced plans to go their own ways.
And he said he still got goose bumps on game day after attending Mass, when the team walks a gantlet of adoration from the church to Notre Dame Stadium.
Through various arguments, he had moved the scientific mainstream toward the conviction that light consists exclusively of particles rather than waves.
''It is impossible to succeed against terrorism unless we have secured the continuing, sustained cooperation of many nations,'' Mr. Gore said.
But an analysis involving average doctors in New Hampshire found they were missing more than one in four cancers.
Estes, who earned $4.725 million last season while compiling a 9-8 record, had sought $7.1 million in arbitration; the Mets had offered $5.8 million.
And that's a shame if you're among the many like me who are drawn to Sinatra not just for his gifts but for the complexities of his outsized character -- the warts and all.
Our Navy is patrolling the coast of Africa to block the shipment of weapons and the establishment of terrorist camps in Somalia.
When Crassus swings his sword in a two-handed style like that of Jimmy Connors and Spartacus vanquishes him with contempt, the action builds.
He completes the sentence: ''It's over.
''More often than not, players in the N.F.L.
The most immediate challenge is the government's decision to set not one but two new exchange rates -- a fixed rate for international trade and a floating rate for most other transactions -- and to try to defend the fixed rate with its remaining reserves, about $12 billion.
If you call the shortstop debate a draw to save a few days of ranting, where are the Red Sox better the Yankees?
Excluding profit of 2 cents a share from its communications unit, which the company is selling, Avista had a profit of 23 cents a share.
Most proteins, the chemical workhorses of all living things, are roughly 10 nanometers wide, and a virus is about 100 nanometers long.
Federated Department Stores fell 73 cents, to $31.25, after it said November sales at stores open at least a year fell 7.4 percent.
If Chrebet will not name names, it is clear he is referring to the offensive coordinator, Paul Hackett.
A short, broad former amateur boxer, Poynter had brought from western Pennsylvania a love of jazz clarinet and a pent-up rage.
I'm not thinking about what is going to happen if we win four or if we lose four.
division series in Game 4 on Sunday in Oakland, the teams returned immediately to Yankee Stadium for a Monday night showdown.
Victory Challenge has made it to the quarterfinals, where it holds a convincing 3-1 lead over the French entry, Le Défi Areva.
I felt like I let my family, all of these people, down.
And for the anti-anchovy crowd, I suggest substituting more capers.
Mr. Ivanov also applauded statements today by Iraq's deputy prime minister, Tariq Aziz, indicating that readmitting United Nations weapons inspectors to Iraq was ''still under consideration.''
One of Boehm's Socratic dialogues with his imaginary student concerns defense by the third player.
And Chester E. Finn Jr., an education official in the Reagan administration and now a prominent critic of public schools, called the site the main source of bad advice for schools, a ''mishmash of pop-psychotherapeutics, feel-goodism, relativism and overblown multiculturalism, even more noteworthy for what's not there: history, civics, patriotism.''
Mr. Sharpton found this offensive, but only mildly so.
Prized by campers, iodine tablets kill germs in water, but their potential role after a terrorist strike seems like something out of the post-apocalypse film ''Mad Max.''
''When you're disrespected like that, you don't stay at a place.''
''I think I should have the right to hold up a piece of cardboard anywhere in America if that's my choice.
One mother agreed to recount her tale as long as I promised her anonymity.
B3 Neediest Cases B4 WEEKEND E1-32; E33-46 ESCAPES F1-12 SPORTS D1-8 OBITUARIES C6 George Christian The last of four press secretaries for President Lyndon B. Johnson and a witness to the president's agony over racial rioting and the Vietnam quagmire, he was 75.
Mr. Ghesquiere acknowledged last October that his collection had been inspired by the designer Koos van den Akker.
''No Other,'' which Val Caniparoli choreographed to music from ''Victory at Sea,'' featured Lorena Feijoo and Damian Smith of the San Francisco Ballet, both passionate and fluent.
The struggle to right Interpublic, whose agencies work for giant marketers like Coca-Cola, General Motors, Nestlé and Unilever, is being watched with a mixture of fascination and dread both inside and outside the agency company, which has billings estimated at $66.7 billion by the trade publication Advertising Age.
Mr. Salley said that he wanted only to ask Ms. Stahl for drugs to sell in Newark when Mr. Smith strong-armed him into a more violent crime.
Since routine smallpox vaccination ended in the United States in 1972, millions of Americans have contracted illnesses that in theory make them more susceptible to complications.
It's there in the obdurate, boxy sculptures of Rachel Harrison; in Mr. Holloway's tender lattice of broken and rejoined branches; in Anne Wilson's scraps of unraveled lace, pinned down like entymological specimens; and in Ms. Celmins's paintings of spider webs, which come across as dark, breath-on-a-glass versions of Luminist transcendence.
Johnson got open behind cornerback Keyuo Craver, who fell down when he tried to jam Johnson coming off the line of scrimmage.
Thursdays through Saturdays at 8 p.m.; Sundays at 2 p.m.
In New York, prosecutors said, the bureau's Crimes Against Children Squad then worked with prosecutors to identify the people behind the screen names.
His poetry leaves some residents unmoved.
The people making the music aren't quite so dispassionate.
In the year 2059, Lt. Eve Dallas battles an insidious computer virus designed to spread to humans; by Nora Roberts, writing pseudonymously.
Even when they strike out or run the wrong way.
But the center will not halt its lectures, concerts and readings, to the relief of Hazel W. Rollins, a retired teacher from Cambria Heights.
Mr. Perahia offered a varied selection of Chopin items contained between the ballades in A minor and A flat.
He is animated, leaning forward into the row: ''He thought that the Pashtuns were not being represented enough.
Although the fusion doesn't quite come off, this somber film is a worthy, absorbing meditation on reality and fantasy and the possibilities of heaven and eternal life.
''Not many folks were looking at a global recession.''
Mr. Roca said Friday that he did not expect to see rapid changes coming from Mr. Carter's visit, although it would give a lift to him and his colleagues.
''The drawings were in bad shape,'' he recalled.
But town officials say all the worry is not warranted because there is a local A.M.R.
The agency does have some muscle, though, in the form of money.
Sales of retail checkout and teller machines are faltering as corporate customers reduce spending amid slower economic growth.
While Williamsburg parents don't necessarily subscribe to traditional mind-sets about the hours babies should keep or the places they should frequent, everyone seems to agree that babies and smoking don't mix.
Meanwhile, he would continue to plot.
''We can use all the help we can get,'' said Diane Strom, whose daughter attends M.S./H.S.
One contrasts images of ground zero with a bill Mr. Hilliard offered to lift sanctions against countries that sponsor terrorism.
In percent (Sources: Salomon Smith Barney; Telerate; The Bond Buyer)
The crowd was the big hand that pushed us.
But it is not just residents who work in the heat who are offended.
HERE in the San Gabriel Valley, northeast of downtown Los Angeles, more than 500 Chinese restaurants vie for your business.
Feinberg has traveled to tony towns in New Jersey to meet the families of bond traders, to the Bronx to meet the families of laborers, to Staten Island, where the victims were largely police officers and firefighters.
With a $700 grant from the Neediest Cases Fund, Ms. Brown-Wilson was able to buy box springs and mattresses for her family.
The Victorian we lived in was 4,000 square feet, but when we moved here everything in the house looked small.
Several dozen other men assembled in the sunny room stood at attention.
The long and short of it is that Old Bet was taken on tour.
''All I do right now is put up signs,'' said David Pryor, who was governor before Mr. Clinton and became his mentor and longtime friend.
Wilpon, though, did not want to use any excuses, saying, ''I'm very impatient.''
The highest-paid captains earn as much as $300,000 a year, placing them among the best-paid hourly workers in the nation, but the averages are less impressive.
Within two weeks, lawyers for the Oscars called him.
During my early childhood I lived in four or five different homeless shelters in New York City.
Mr. Haimes said one way of assessing the quality of a regional theater is whether it puts on shows that move to New York.
Mr. Greenspan could use a little help from fiscal policy.
There is also Keith, who is sensitive and shy and believes in celibacy.
The longest-priced horse to win the Belmont Stakes, he had won just two starts in the United States since his arrival from England.
Over the years I've found that while some teachers regard these events as an annual annoyance in which the inspectors general are fed perfunctory happy talk, others use explanation, children's artistic productions, computer razzle-dazzle and scientific experiments to gain respect for their mission and support for new resources, and to form educational alliances with parents.
TENESH WEBBER, Yossi Milo, 552 West 24th Street, (212) 414-0370 (through July 26).
(Mr. Schnitzler cheats on the fact that his actors are a little old for their activities by printing the establishing scenes with a minimal amount of color.)
He petitioned the New Jersey Parole Board three weeks ago, said Kenneth Connolly, executive director of the board.
Farmer Jr. offered briefs, opinions and advice better than his column on ''animal control'' (''Listen Up, Deer Reader,'' Soapbox, Oct. 27).
Ms. Boxer also asked for a report on the agency's allocations to the program as of mid-September.
You can show or hide the Graffiti writing area as necessary; it's just a picture displayed on the screen rather than an actual opaque slab.
A senior Mexican drug-enforcement official was assassinated in his car this morning in Mexico City, eyewitnesses said.
''Maybe it was imprudent, but it didn't seem so at the time,'' Ms. Krueger said.
Sometimes when the weather clears, so do the symptoms.
The Glamour Nail Salon is in a suburban strip mall 20 minutes outside Chicago.
Aides spoke of avoiding references to a ''St.
''Police in suburbs get at least 20 percent more pay than police in the city, and that doesn't seem fair to me,'' Mr. Lang said.
The payments came to light through Becton Dickinson documents obtained from a former Novation employee and a federal official, and they were subsequently confirmed by both Becton Dickinson and Novation.
His departure comes as media companies struggle to make their acquisitions work.
James Schwartz, the commander of Battery A, a unit of 155-millimeter howitzers from Fort Stewart, Ga. ''In order to keep ourselves mentally ready, that is the mindset that we use,'' he added.
''I agree with Ben on the economics and the logic,'' she said.
Brussels Sprouts Purée 1 pound brussels sprouts 1 cup heavy cream 3 tablespoons butter 1/2 teaspoon salt, plus more to taste 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper, plus more to taste Pinch freshly grated or ground nutmeg.
So how do you go about the design?
WEBER-William D. An independant art consultant and dealer, died in Catania, Sicily, on March 25, 2002, from a cerebral hemorrhage resulting from an accidental fall.
''They always treated me fairly,'' he added.
Class conflict is just below the surface.
She will be deeply missed.
The Board of Directors and staff of The Rent Stabilization Association mourn the loss of William Sonn, an Executive Committee member of the Board of the RSA.
Hafid Sour's robotic moves seem to move his head out of his neck.
He helped negotiate a critical security guarantee for Israel during the diplomatic fiasco after the 1956 invasion of the Sinai.
compliance is definitely on the radar screen in ways that weren't there two years ago.
Mr. Pitt's mishandling of the selection of the board was the last in a series of political blunders over the last year that have baffled his many admirers.
Trevi was Andrade's henchwoman, some whispered; others claimed that for all her wealth and she-devil stage antics, Trevi was actually just Andrade's submissive pet.
Whenever he chooses to do so, there is much he will have to explain before we can buy Ms. Watkins's portrayal of him as an executive betrayed by clever underlings.
The defendant, Edward Bello, 60, had a string of arrests and several convictions for petty crimes but had never spent a day in prison.
Mr. Blocklyn has supplied reference works to National Park Service rangers at Sagamore Hill, Roosevelt's home just outside the village of Oyster Bay, where the only things outnumbering the animal skins, tusks, limbs and heads are the books.
The American mission, aimed at helping the army finally defeat Abu Sayyaf, calls for a handful of Special Operations forces to work with Philippine soldiers in the field.
His problem is that he is unable to keep his eye on the ball.
Despite their objections, the city borrowed the money at 5 percent interest, agreeing to repay it in five years.
in Drama from Carnegie Institute of Technology.
officers who took part in aiding Iraq more than a decade ago when its military was actively using chemical weapons, now say they believe that the United States should overthrow Mr. Hussein at some point.
''I know I've had a pretty disappointing year, and it is the U.S. Open, that's where I shine, and that's where I hope I shine.
Served as a Naval Lieutenant in World War II.
The Standard & Poor's 500-stock index gained 5.08 points for the week, or 0.6 percent, to 852.84.
Take Interstate 95 north to Exit 61.
Starting in 1939, the Signal Intelligence Service intercepted thousands of Soviet communications, but they were not studied while America and Russia were allied.
Britain's GBR Challenge won its third consecutive race, beating Italy's Mascalzone Latino by 54 seconds.
At Slotskaelderen Hos Gitte Kik, another of Copenhagen's top smorrebrod restaurants, across the street from Parliament, Lene Just offered us our choice of seven or eight kinds of herring.
Mrs. Dunlap has also been busy.
''I'm sure it felt really good to him to contribute in a big win.
Ms. Hayek plays the artist with more charisma than insight, and her scenes with Mr. Molina (who plays Diego Rivera, Kahlo's straying, devoted husband) are clunky and literal, but Ms. Taymor is a playful, inventive and emotionally astute filmmaker constrained (as her subject rarely was) by convention.
The Browns seemed helpless at times.
''I'm not going to take anything away from him.
His place was taken by Mr. Feiffer.
Mr. Aronowitz wants to be the little red light blinking on citizens' dashboards to tell them the system needs repair.
Bend down at the waist.
At the same time, Mr. Alekperov's strategy to expand outside of Russia -- he had acquired companies in Eastern Europe and the Caspian Sea area, and the Getty chain of 1,300 service stations in the United States -- was beginning to backfire.
Ms. Bloom, the Baltimore hospital executive, also finds that her beeper affords more privacy than a cellphone.
''Do you think someone will really drive from Pennsylvania to New York today to get this car?''
Unable to afford expensive homes, many of them find themselves priced out of the neighborhood and wind up moving to more affordable areas, usually up county.
Teenager Held in Six Killings A 16-year-old boy has been charged with killing six people and wounding a seventh in shootings over two consecutive days this month in Camden County, N.J.
Ms. Baldwin expressed confidence in the current level of security on airplanes and at airports, but the heightened security has caused some people to change how they travel.
Schwarzrock followed with another birdie at No.
''You can't have one player scoring 12 points in row,'' he said.
The decision has to be what is best for the team.''
But the government's determination to push through some of the biggest deals now has made some populist critics worry that Pakistan's richest families will be allowed to buy the businesses for far less than they are worth.
In all, ''Oskar Kokoschka: Early Portraits From Vienna and Berlin, 1909-1914'' comprises some 70 works, including those on paper.
Boil a couple of cups of wine with shallots and butter as quickly as your stove will allow.
Hours: Tuesdays through Saturdays, 10:30 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Fridays, to 8 p.m.; Sundays, 10:30 to 6 p.m.
The word ''grandmother'' has a noble ring.
Mr. Connors said he thought growth in the PC market could reach the ''low single digits'' next year.
If it is a family, Mr. Klein is the patriarch.
Bo, it becomes clear, is desperately ill. An ambulance is called and Kay rushes out to ride with her son to the hospital; the marshals drive Will there as well, not realizing that their charge has fortified himself with pills from his son's huge supply.
The investigation into Mr. Reyes's confession began in earnest in May with the DNA match.
But if Disney's problems continue, directors may be forced to crystallize their alliances this fall.
The price of holding back nature has come home, fire officials say.
In addition to panhandlers, squeegee men and prostitutes, the campaign is focusing on marijuana smokers and those who drink or urinate in public, and violations by homeless people and peddlers.
The other half, mostly young designers, is scarcely conscious of how its own generation dresses (more naked than dressed).
Not only did Woods make birdies, he also made key putts to save par -- a 10-footer on No.
He said there were many ways, besides door-to-door urban fighting with high casualties, that the United States might proceed militarily.
Her mother, also retired, taught fifth grade at the California Avenue School in Uniondale, N.Y.
Mr. Noonan and George Miller wrote the smart screenplay, based on Dick King-Smith's novel ''The Sheep Pig'' -- Saturday at 6 p.m. on USA.
Halliburton booked a gain of $215 million from the sale.
In a preliminary injunction issued last year, Judge Patel agreed with the companies, saying Napster was guilty of assisting in ''wholesale'' infringement.
(Or that they have not noticed that bags are not matched to passengers on connecting flights.)
With these monitors, you punch in a lot of personal information -- including your weight, sex, height, age and activity level -- by using the tiny watch buttons.
's is a diverse one.
It is the first time that a clergy member has been accused of genocide before an international tribunal.
''See how they hold their shape?
He is probably most recognizable as the person with enough documents tucked under his arm at press conferences to fill a foot-locker.
''Let's say I bought a house and the housing market has gone up 30 percent,'' Dr. Mayer said.
''Liars,'' The Daily Mirror tabloid trumpeted today in a front-page headline.
Foreign workers no longer have to leave their homes, he noted, to work for American companies.
Finally, one of the event's hosts urged Ed to tell that joke about his brother, the one he'd told before.
The environmental groups that pushed the suit were gleeful today, but admitted that the settlement would take several years to have any substantial effect.
Florida was led by Udonis Haslem, the 6-9 senior center, who scored a team-high 20 points, after scoring just 2 in the first half.
After four years in the Navy, he was tired of being alone.
And a new accounting board that is supposed to fall into place early next year is beset by budget and staffing difficulties that threaten to undermine its effectiveness.
When a special-purpose entity need not rely on public investors to raise money, however, the architecture can become baroque, with cantilevered extensions, balconies and breezeways that attach to other deals.
When organisms could not be raised at home, Rudolf ventured into the wilds to find them.
In a compromise agreed on late yesterday, the World Trade Center flag will be brought into the stadium before the parade by an honor guard of firefighters, police officers and American athletes, and is to fly that night in the spot reserved for the host country's flag.
The man, Calvin Daniels, 31, had complained about the lights' being turned off while he was in a bathroom, his lawyers said.
Serena Williams also advanced to the semifinals without playing a point when the event's defending champion, Amélie Mauresmo, withdrew with a neck injury.
is hell,'' Mrs. Olson, 49, said.
He was 0 for 2 with two walks; he popped out to right to end the eighth inning with a runner on second base.
It was their coach, Peter Laviolette.
More than one business executive plans to keep a defibrillator in his office and train his secretary to use it.
''I've never backed down from a challenge,'' Rubin said after she beat her fellow American Lisa Raymond, 7-6 (2), 6-4, yesterday in Armstrong Stadium to advance to her meeting with Williams.
were Goethe's last words, they threatened to become Nicolas's, as well; most of the arguments he had with Wolfson centered on this topic.
Those are all measures that our two committees have been advocating for several years, and in fact the irony is the day before Sept. 11, on September the 10th, I had spent, on our authorization bill that we had just plussed up the funding for a number of these areas.
I asked Andrés Rosenzweig, a longtime Mexican agriculture official who helped negotiate the agricultural sections of Nafta.
Owners of newer cars will not need inspections until later, and will get stickers noting their exemption.
Mr. Baxter's lawyer, J. C. Nickens, issued a statement that said, ''Those who knew Cliff Baxter will miss him.
On a visit to the school, Mayor Ehud Olmert suggested that the bombing might have been a provocation by Palestinian militants.
''That is a very lame outcome for such a critical period,'' he said.
Both have V-8's rated at about 300 horsepower and five-speed manual transmissions.
''What we need to understand is that moving budget numbers around a page has real human consequences,'' said Gifford Miller, the speaker of the City Council, who is lobbying the mayor to restore funds for the centers for the elderly.
to the N.S.F,'' said Bill Noxon, a spokesman for the science agency.
I think that was a direct result of our expressed concerns.''
Sometimes a silk blouse is just a silk blouse, too.
From New Orleans: $251 (Northwest).
''It always makes your mind think twice when you've got raindrops coming down,'' Nemechek said.
It's not that Macho Uno wasn't around last year.
Ultimately, the roommates' new worlds merge in a trip to Alfons's country house in his vintage Buick repaired by Kjell, who turns out to possess unexpected mechanical skills.
The story shows that sometimes the best surprise ending is the most subtle.
A1 Ukraine Reportedly Aided Iraq A new report by American and British investigators reinforced suspicions that Ukraine secretly sold advanced air-defense equipment to Iraq more than two years ago.
STONY BROOK-MILLSTONE WATERSHED Art and nature program for children ages 6 to 12, with Rebecca Kelly, artist and storyteller, and Dan Kassel, photographer.
THE ARTS, PAGE E1 Wireless Networks: A Guide Taking a laptop to the park need not mean leaving the Web behind.
Exit 9 puts you on I-84 eastbound.
But even he was compelled to joke, ''Did he say it's going to get easier from here?''
Early last summer, the Toa Construction Company of Tokyo, the Windermere's owner, quietly put the building up for sale; although Toa's New York lawyer declined to comment on any matter related to the building, the reported asking price was $35 million.
HOURS Lunch, noon to 3 p.m., brunch 11:30 to 3 p.m. Saturday and Sunday.
THE apartment is decorated cheerfully and comfortably.
The first thing that strikes you about Tweed is the orderliness and the sense of professionalism.''
There are a few long takes that can be numbing, but they're part of the director's point.
''All of George's photographs for me work as lessons in how to look.
We will take the juice back to the stove, stir in a little sugar, boil it a bit and pour it into clean jars.
It is not clear whether Iran is selling weapons or giving them away, officials said.
THE GATEKEEPERS Inside the Admissions Process of a Premier College By Jacques Steinberg 292 pages.
PAUL HESLOP, a burly Yorkshire lad who vacated a boring bank job in London eight years ago for a global seek-and-destroy mission against unexploded landmines and the like, pops up in the doorway of HALO USA's new outpost near Lincoln Center, a flagon of anti-jet-lag coffee in one fist, a dummy landmine in the other.
Lawmakers approved a $255.7 million tax increase to help balance the state's budget.
Galante called Cedeño's slide great, but Cedeño took no credit for greatness.
After a short speech on Monday night he invited questions, and it came as no surprise, he said later, that no one in the audience mentioned Wen Ho Lee, nobody asked whether China had succeeded in buying nuclear secrets, and Bill Clinton's name never came up.
It is, he said, as the name of the jays suggests, a lot like parts of Siberia.
When his government ministers came into his office, ''they bent deferentially in a deep bow and remained like this until there was a hardly visible sign from their commander that they could straighten their backs,'' wrote Mr. Pulikovsky.
OAKLAND ATHLETICS--Optioned RHP Aaron Harang to Sacramento of the PCL.
Make that Prof. Jim Talent.
Victoria's ''O Vos Omnes,'' Handl's ''Ecce Quomodo Moritur Justus,'' Hassler's ''O Sacred Head Surrounded'' arranged by Bach, Byrd's ''Ave Verum Corpus,'' Palestrina's ''O Bone Jesu'' and other works; Welch Chorale; William Eckfeld, organist; Frederick R. Schminke, music director.
agents figured out that he was between two small towns in Nevada and, after a high-speed chase on Interstate 80, arrested him.
B. thunbergii Concorde, which also has a rounded shape, is slightly smaller and even prettier.
In the end, it is the states that have the constitutional duty to hold fair elections and that should be held accountable.
But the centerpiece was not a play but a speech, a 1,600-word meditation of self-deprecation and self-doubt read in a sandpapery voice by Vaclav Havel, the playwright turned president of the Czech Republic.
Enron has collapsed, but California officials hope internal e-mail messages about its trading games will help them persuade regulators and juries that Enron and other energy traders should return some of the profits they made at California's expense during its yearlong energy crisis.
The dish is not pretty -- the red wine does have a way of tingeing everything a bruised and purplish hue -- but this is food for the stomach and the heart, not the photo-op.
Then consider that in last year's seven-game World Series, the Yankees and the Diamondbacks scored a total of 51 runs, including Arizona's 15 in Game 6.
Tonight the United States dispatched armored vehicles to scoop up some of its citizens, most of them peace advocates who came to attempt civil disobedience in the mayhem.
A1 NEW YORK/REGION B1-5 Ground Zero Ceremony Has Logistical Challenges High-level discussions continue about the logistics of a ceremony to mark the end of the cleanup at ground zero.
''Not necessarily because of me but just in terms of activity.
At 5:30, I got out of bed, pulled on a cotton coat too thin for the early March chill and roused my husband.
During the Gilded Age, the railroad barons bought legislatures and business leaders bought seats in the United States Senate.
Beginning this week, however, the editors of the monstrously successful men's magazine might want to add ''Hair Color.''
The figures do not include Northern Ireland, where gun violence is more common and the police are routinely armed.
Although the league contends that the flagrant foul totals are comparable to that of recent seasons -- and that the low number last season was an aberration -- at no other time in the past decade have the game's premier players been involved.
''There are many people who dislike this show a lot, and I think it's because, as much as I can analyze it, they brought a lot of expectations to it.
That's surfer talk for rocketing through the curling overhang of a 20-foot wave on the north coast of Oahu.
Yet the stores all seem to be of one mind when it comes to the shape, size and colors of their awnings.
Companies will also have to certify that they have evaluated those controls every quarter.
At that point, Mr. Lanza said, the employee noticed several gallery and museum stickers on the back of the painting.
Mr. Horn started buying shares of the Astoria Financial Corporation, based in Lake Success, N.Y., just eight days after the terrorist attacks on Sept. 11, and has paid an average price of $28.
''Over time it became clear that the painting was for sale,'' Mr. Tinterow said.
Tonight it was a physical encounter, and Leslie missed parts of the game with foul trouble.
Researchers Find Flaws In Smart Cards' Security Two University of Cambridge computer security researchers plan to describe today an ingenious and inexpensive way to extract secret information contained in widely used smart cards.
In the third quarter, the bank collected $6 billion in revenue, a 10 percent improvement from the period last year.
It's far harder to suggest at the same time the defensiveness of a couple in full suits of emotional armor.
''I don't know if he was trying to bait him, but if he was, he did a good job.
Off camera, Mr. Knoxville has Southern manners.
''If productivity grows, the economy does well,'' said Edward C. Prescott, a professor at the University of Minnesota and senior adviser to the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis.
Twenty-five of the works have never been shown before.
The Pride Foods store is next door.
The 8-to-0 decision on Tuesday overturned a ruling by the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit that innocent tenants could not be evicted.
Another 160 soldiers are filling out paperwork and will follow shortly, officials said.
Despite many reports of cutbacks, some agencies say they are doing better than ever.
Much of the work has had to be veiled in secrecy for fear of tipping off the terrorists, and the emergency measures have sought to curtail some of the freedoms that extremists could employ to avoid detection, arrest and prosecution.
Beloved mother of Geri and Bruce Frank.
''But, between the two machines, you don't even notice.''
He was a dedicated and outstanding member of the attending staff and was awarded the Jacobi Medallion in 1973.
But for this group, he said, ''it clicked.''
From a dizzying overhead shot of the floor of the New York Stock Exchange to vignettes of lunchtime flirtations in the surrounding streets, they catch the striving confidence of postwar America and a part of the city that was growing by leaps and bounds.
There is also a clearly enunciated body language.
Saturdays at 3 p.m. through March 30.
Many bond managers are recommending that investors shift a portion of their fixed-income holdings into foreign bonds -- a switch that most people can accomplish through global bond funds.
With equal fervor, Dr. Jonathan Wells, senior fellow at the Discovery Institute, a Seattle organization dedicated to alternative scientific theories, contended that there was enough valid challenge to Darwinian evolution to justify intelligent design's being ordered into the classroom curriculum -- not as a religious doctrine, he maintained, but as a matter of ''a growing scientific controversy.''
The company said it had net income of $191 million, or $1.32 a share, for the three months that ended Dec. 31, compared with $277 million, or $1.76 a share, for the fourth quarter of 2000.
Mr. Fleming, who grew up in Middletown, N.J., and went to Princeton University, has prosecuted and defended white-collar suspects for nearly all his professional life.
''It was great for Afghanistan to go to the final list of candidates for the Peace Prize after the 23 years of war and destruction.
''That's where cellphones have to be.''
In another moment of defiance, he insists, ''Nobody can destroy my soul!''
The bottoms of the bottles were easily turned into tumblers.
Not all the women at the Women's Elected Officials Caucus were elected.
Most fashion professionals have, after all, trained themselves to separate the mood of a collection from garments that will move well in a store.
In less than two years, more than two million private sector jobs have been lost, while our economic growth is the weakest it has been in 50 years.
Opens Friday in New York.
They also impose blackout periods that prohibit analysts from trading in the companies that they follow for 30 days before and for 5 days after they issue a research report.
''But now we have a better understanding of what science can do, and at least activists now are welcome at the table.''
Consolidated Edison, which delivers electricity to the city and its northern suburbs, has revised its prediction of no growth in demand this summer.
Though the number of people with part-time jobs rose, the number of full-time jobs decreased.
In addition, Microsoft is creating a new TV services group.
Like so many bildungsroman heroes, Mr. Mitchell's protagonist, Eiji Miyake, is a spiritual orphan: his father abandoned his mother, and his alcoholic mother in turn abandoned Eiji and his twin sister, Anju, many years ago.
For the study, which was published in the August issue of The American Journal of Epidemiology, the researchers surveyed the owners of 80 cats with lymphoma and 114 cats with renal disease, which strikes cats at about the same age but is not linked to environmental factors.
Creditors and regulators are likely to ensure that the company's network operations remain relatively intact in the months ahead.
Susan Bergen and Ronnie Ferber, Atlas Security Hardware Corp., 130 Church Street.
''Ghosts of the pioneers,'' one character calls them.
He often asked customers for wish lists, and turned them into work orders for researchers.
Under the law, expected to be passed by the Senate, Mr. Berlusconi can retain his holdings spanning broadcasting, publishing, advertising, insurance, real estate and a soccer team.
The problem developed this fall, during the crucial business-getting weeks when experts at Sotheby's and Christie's were traveling around the world putting their sales together.
Weightwatchers.com raised that benchmark to 95 percent, Ms. Fordham said, then tested its subscription products, which include meal plans and other weight-loss tools, for eight months before achieving that satisfaction level.
If you are serious about taking the leap, your best first step is to contact your PC manufacturer to find out what, if anything, is possible.
Then, last year, New Yorkers elected Michael R. Bloomberg, a wealthy, shrewd businessman with no experience in elected office, to take the reins of city government and put his private-sector managerial skills to work in the public sector.
After three weeks of sleeping under trees, they returned to the village.
I want everything to work out the very best for them.
But (and we giggle uneasily) there are problems.
There, on the second floor, waits an island of repose: the tiny Chapel of St. John, a room of grave and pious Norman majesty.
Macha was the A's bench coach under Manager Art Howe for the past four seasons.
More than 12,500 skeletons from 65 sites in North and South America -- slightly more than half of them from pre-Columbians -- were analyzed for evidence of infections, malnutrition and other health problems in various social and geographical settings.
Over the years he revisited Canada with increasing frequency until resuming permanent residence there in the early 1990's.
It is believed to be the first time a federal judge has ordered punitive damages in a tobacco case, and adds to a series of losses for the industry in California, Florida and Oregon in recent weeks.
One of those I found came that night with his sportwriter father; another was a high school boy selling soda.
Their disappearance puzzled Mr. Spiegel, until after it was reported in a local weekly last month.
It is time to act.''
''You take your cues from the client,'' Mr. Robinson said.
The 1991 Open at Hazeltine was won by Payne Stewart in a playoff over Scott Simpson.
4 3 7 THE SHELTERS OF STONE, by Jean M. Auel.
Unlike exhibitions that center on only one civilization, this show ranges from the woodlands east of the Mississippi, beginning in 2500 B.C., to the Incas of Peru in the 1530's (the advent of European incursion) and demonstrates a cross-fertilization that was invigorating if not always friendly.
But Wang and Kumar, who bought the team in April 2000, had pledged to Milbury before last season that they would spend the money needed to get good players.
Craft's performance begins with a huge whack, signaling an approach more dramatic and dynamic than the composer's.
In most instances, this means that the public will know about any stock sales or purchases even before they are formally settled.
Fairs INTERNATIONAL ASIAN ART FAIR, Damrosch Park, Lincoln Center.
''Fehr sees things in terms of the union's being on the side of good and the owners' being on the side of evil,'' Vincent said.
And Krone believes she has what it takes, even at 39.
Family will be receiving friends Tuesday, May 14, 2002, 3-5 & 6-8 PM at Frank E. Campbell 1076 Madison Avenue at 81st Street.
And he guzzles from a can like a drunk, with drops dribbling down his chin.
Tonight at 7:30; tomorrow at 2 and 7:30 p.m.; Sunday at 3 p.m. Apollo Theater, West 125th Street, Harlem, (212) 307-7171.
Residents believe that exposure through drinking water to pollutants has caused high cancer rates among local children.
Funeral services will be Monday, March 4th at 10:00 a.m at St. Paul's Evangelical Lutheran Church, 37 Prospect Rd., New Hartford.
''Except for us,'' the mother said, ''nobody else knows, and we blocked all information from reaching him.''
My granddaughter loves me more than before.
Every new project became a new lesson.
And his mother, who came with his grandmother from his hometown, Cincinnati, to attend the Waldorf-Astoria event, was quick to weigh in on the award's significance.
The governor's plan also calls for increasing Connecticut's per-pack cigarette tax to $1.51 from $1.11.
Inappropriate storage and handling also affect drug efficacy.
Israeli troops shot dead eight Palestinians in raids across the West Bank and Gaza Thursday, and reoccupied the city of Bethlehem after pulling back for two days to allow Christmas celebrations.
A federal judge in Manhattan ruled yesterday that the government may not use a law that allows detention of material witnesses to hold people for grand jury investigations, a decision that if upheld could curtail a major investigative tool used by law enforcement since the Sept. 11 terror attacks.
''There's no way we can surrender to this kind of terror.''
In Tokyo in January, promises were made of $1.8 billion for reconstruction this year.
Bad enough to have been orphaned in 1979 and thrust into the role of family matriarch while still in her teens: the specter of losing her brothers was untenable.
One prominent antiglobalization report keeps referring to farms like Gómez's as ''small-scale, diversified, self-reliant, community-based agriculture systems.''
Mr. Mulcahy said he was never told.
Yet this idea is bound to change character.
But they added that human-driven changes to the environment like the destruction of ozone and the emission of carbon dioxide could well have accelerated and enlarged the effect.
WILLIAM CLUTZ, Katharina Rich Perlow, 41 East 57th Street, (212) 644-7171 (through Dec. 7).
The fighting has devastated the country, driving almost a third of its 13 million people from their homes and inflicting hunger and disease on a scale seen in few other places in the world.
''They're flat in their response,'' Dr. Carskadon said.
In a village already wounded by the deaths of about a dozen current and former residents in the Sept. 11 terrorist attack, the killings at the 9 a.m. Mass left parishioners trying to fathom the unfathomable: the cold-blooded killing of a man of God in a house of worship.
A Russian military helicopter that crashed into a river in Chechnya on Thursday went down as it tried to evade fire from Chechen fighters on the ground, officials said.
Ms. Argento, 27, has been acting in movies since she was 9 (Anna, her alter ego, has appeared in 20 movies by age 20) and can be seen starting today in the Vin Diesel action vehicle ''XXX'' (review, page 1 of Weekend).
The stock of the PG&E Corporation, the owner of California's biggest utility, plunged 30 percent after the company said that the credit rating of its subsidiary, PG&E National Energy Group, was cut to junk bond status by Standard & Poor's.
Rick Down, the Yankees' new hitting coach, said Soriano can get better.
The authorities declined to give further details, but they said that Mr. Sheikh's account might be true, and that Mr. Pearl, a reporter for The Wall Street Journal, might soon be free.
Several other retailers and apparel marketers have already opened their catalogs or magazines to outside advertisers, among them L. L. Bean, Louis Boston, Neiman Marcus and Nordstrom.
As if to assuage guilt pangs about feasting in a land of famine, the nearby North Korean town magically vanishes every night.
It's not that he is deserting his beloved East Hampton.
Neighbors object only to the unnecessary height proposed.
When the moment came for a final decision, he willingly consented to it.''
Stewart, like other lawyers in this situation, had to sign an agreement not to pass information to or from clients except for strictly legal purposes.
''You have to view everything he says through the prism of this election.''
Mr. and Mrs. Harrison endowed three professorships, the David A. Harrison Awards for Undergraduate Research that are given annually, and supported the football program and the rebuilding of the Law Grounds that carry his name.
English scores were about the same as the previous year but showed a drop of four percentage points from four years ago.
His network has -- his host government has been destroyed.
She took hers dry, with two olives.
A large wool tapestry measuring 15 by 24 feet would have taken five weavers about eight months.
The show begins with a prologue, set to ''It's Still Rock 'n' Roll to Me,'' in which the characters introduce themselves with the sort of exuberant, rough-edged poses common to teenagers, guys flexing their muscles and girls wriggling their hips.
REBOUNDS ALLAN HOUSTON (ankle sprain) is doubtful for tonight's game against Minnesota.
Ms. Slobodkina went on to illustrate several of Brown's other books, including, ''The Little Fireman,'' ''The Little Cowboy'' and ''Sleepy ABC'' .
And my oldest daughter, he loved her so much.''
''This puts an awful lot of pressure on the rest of the agency companies that are not part of the Big Three or soon-to-be Big Four,'' he added, like the Cordiant Communications Group in London, the Grey Global Group in New York and Havas Advertising in Paris.
''We want to concentrate on our team.
Memorial Mass Saturday, February 2, 2002, 10 AM, Church of the Sacred Heart, Broadway and Ashford Ave., Dobbs Ferry, NY.
I'm going to tell you, the first day out is, first day in office is, there are many components to state government, the first questions I'm going to ask is: What's our level of satisfaction of our customers?
''I'm skeptical too,'' said Al Rauber, a co-founder of Haunted New Jersey and a veteran paranormal investigator.
The hospital industry has been almost in a depression in many of the public sector hospitals ever since a lot of the third-party payments were cut back.
The two companies, both Tokyo builders, are seeking bank bailouts to shore up their finances.
Next morning, Freddie Elwes, our principal outfitter, had sent out an all-points bulletin that was answered by the offer of a helicopter ride to a well-oxygenated riffle where some of the Russian guides were sure there would be a concentration of salmon.
That a novel so sprawling, episodic and discursive succeeds is a sign of how soundly it is made; recurrent motifs, vibrant writing and the comic instinct of its author keep it tight.
Palestinian officials said an undercover Israeli security force abducted a militant today at a junction in the Palestinian-controlled part of the Gaza Strip.
But they have a kind of immunity since it is almost impossible to determine who belongs in which category.
Karoly Makk's entertaining film checks in with the 45-year-old Fyodor Dostoyevsky (Michael Gambon) as he tries to write his way out of financial troubles.
The case is American Coalition of Life Activists v. Planned Parenthood, No.
''For the most part this is the president's legislation, and although it moves things along a little bit, we still have significant disagreements.''
What about the looks department, the reporter persisted.
''I apologize for anything I ever said about Kentucky,'' Davis volunteered.
An effort to start a homegrown recording label also failed.
It documents a rare moment in the artist's development, a period just before reggae and Marley himself began to gain popularity.
Even if the payments were authorized, they said, some of the men listed as receiving money were members of Mr. Arafat's security apparatus, and all belonged to his Fatah faction.
In their midst, resplendent in a flowing white cape, was Tokhtakhounov, anointed a knight in the Order of St. Constantine, founder of Byzantium, for ''self-sacrifice, chivalry and philanthropy,'' particularly toward Russians at home and abroad.
As long as there were vestiges, court oversight would continue, and so would the money that that entailed.
Detectives in Brooklyn yesterday arrested a suspect who had escaped from police custody in March, in the second arrest of an escapee in two days, the authorities said.
''We're finally giving the economy the policy it needs,'' Mr. Paulson said.
In 1999 their CD ''Millennium'' sold 1.1 million copies in its first week -- more than any album before it.
Though she left intensive care in February and was moved to a rehabilitation center, she could not even stand up until June.
In the first trial last fall, which ended in a hung jury, Rabbi Mazo told the court about the rabbi's strange behavior that November night.
That is a sad situation, and it's a responsibility you will bear, maybe not in this committee, but in your conscience and, I know, when you go to sleep every night.
* JUDY CHICAGO: ''THE DINNER PARTY,'' Brooklyn Museum of Art, 200 Eastern Parkway, at Prospect Park, (718) 638-5000 (through Feb. 9).
We cannot speak of a fair trial, an equitable trial here.
Memorial donations may be made to The Humane Sociey of the US, 2100 L St, NW, Washington, DC 20003.
But, really, no one at President Jacques Chirac's last public appearance before France's election on Sunday doubted that he would survive, short of a shift akin to the French Revolution.
In its redesign of its magazine, Martha Stewart Living, which will begin with the October issue, the company has highlighted three executives with columns and features focused on them, not Ms. Stewart.
But by many accounts, few buildings surpassed the Windermere in terms of tenant harassment.
By the end of the surge, the fund had received more than $1.7 million and for the first time was higher -- albeit just slightly -- than at the same point in the previous year's appeal.
of Cambridge, MA; and Frances P. Zilkha, of Portland, ME; thirteen grandchildren; and twelve great-grandchildren.
A man with so many opinions is bound, pretty often, to be wrong, but Mr. Gould could be just as entertaining when he was wrong as when he was right.
My single cost $125 midweek (Monday to Thursday) , $137.50 with tax.
The company gave the wholesalers incentives to buy the inventory last year as sales of certain products began to decline after generic companies won court battles that allowed them to sell lower-priced versions.
Proudfoot Consulting, part of the Management Consulting Group in London, surveyed executives in the United States, Australia, Austria, Britain, France, Germany, Hungary, Japan and South Africa.
The government has also asserted the right to rely on secret evidence in immigration cases.
of Bloomberg, Lex Fenwick, but he dove under his desk.
One investigator broke her leg so severely that the bone was exposed; another suffered a blow to the back of the head and took months to recover.
He no longer relies on ''Flintstone-stoppers'' -- the soles of his shoes -- to slow down.
''It's got to help,'' Torre said.
Footnotes A commitment of $39 million to the construction of the Music and Dance Theater Chicago has been made by the philanthropists Joan W. and Irving B. Harris of Chicago.
The takeover agreement also gave the authority the one-year option to buy the plants.
Arab nations squabble about food along with everything else, so Chef Ramzi discovered that favoring a Lebanese method would prompt a flood of calls from say, Egypt, complaining of bias.
UBS Warburg and Keefe, Bruyette & Woods.
Executives and lobbyists for the nation's energy industry have long argued that the Clinton administration had granted environmental groups far greater access when formulating energy policies.
Universities lost an average of 3.6 percent on their investments in the year ending in June 2001, according to the National Association of College and University Business Officers.
SENATOR McCAIN -- Was it clear to the president -- to the senator -- that the president assured the American people that every option is being explored before a military option is exercised?
But most visitors fly to Flagstaff, Phoenix or Las Vegas and drive to Grand Canyon Village in the park (admission $20 a car).
Senator Carl Levin was re-elected to a fifth term, as expected.
If you have a digital camcorder, you can send the video straight to DVD for editing and archiving, and even stream it back out to digital video.
Howe's hardball devotion to the game worked wonders with the Athletics.
All the same, Mr. Schoenfeld was prepared to be magnanimous.
''He decided to go get an education in life.
Mr. Jackson offers a window through which doubters may look on dance by young disabled performers like the members of Def Dance, who range in age from 8 to 20.
From the book: He had one quick pint of porter in the pub and we went home with the bottles of stout.
Otherwise, lawmakers say, Medicare could not afford the new benefit.
Mr. Kanada's team spent five years designing the program used, Mr. Kudo said.
This is totally different than other protest movements.''
The new disclosures include more instances of operating expenses being improperly classified as capital investments, the main violation of commonly accepted accounting practices previously disclosed, according to an executive close to the audits.
I held it for, like, two minutes.
That could be quite difficult under the party's nominating rules.
In the South, primarily in Georgia, Florida, North Carolina and South Carolina, the muscadine market is supported by stalwarts, especially older people who make wine, jelly, juice and pie.
He said that Mr. Sindone did not have a cell phone with him, and that he did not make or receive any calls.
They were walking along, admiring architecture, when Mr. Singer quoted some lines from Shakespeare but added that he couldn't remember the exact play.
Now the cocoas on the market are almost evenly divided between Dutch style and natural, like Hershey's.
The curbs would take effect in 2003.
The requirement of one pre-1778 Hawaiian ancestor means that many students are of Hawaiian descent in only a quite attenuated sense.
She graduated from the Parsons School of Design.
Putnam is one of the biggest holders of Schering-Plough stock.
In recent decades, however, the system has changed.
Is he being a bit hypocritical?
''But the fish ecology is dependent on these cycles.''
The exemption, in place for six years, was ended in part because of an increase in the number of Argentines remaining in the United States illegally.
The bridegroom, 38, works in the New York office of the Royal Bank of Scotland, where he is the senior vice president in charge of leveraged-finance portfolio management and the president and chief operating officer of two of the bank's units, RBS Equity Corporation and the RBS Capital Corporation.
Although Dr. Fauci, 61, has been in the international spotlight for his AIDS research, the Albany center said he won the prize for a larger body of work.
It is no accident that the legal battles are playing out here, rights advocates say, since the state is home to large communities of Arab and Muslim immigrants in cities like Jersey City and Paterson, where many of the detainees were rounded up.
Russia unveiled plans this summer to build as many as five more nuclear reactors, though it later indicated it would consider scrapping the plans.
In a statement made on Earth Day, Governor McGreevey said the rules would give state regulators greater control of sewer systems planned near specific water bodies in Bergen, Passaic, Morris, Warren, Sussex, Monmouth, Hunterdon and Burlington Counties.
''Ariadne auf Naxos'' is one of Strauss's most popular works; ''Friedenstag,'' such an oddity that the recording, from 1999, will not even be released in the United States until May.
But his words have often had the opposite effect than he intended, sometimes seeming to send the financial markets diving.
Her case has attracted national attention, not only because of the horrific nature of the killings, but also because it has provoked debate about mental illness and the stress faced by many mothers.
Those who can't come early arrive breathless in the middle innings tending cellphones.
One of us books an expensive (high) room and the other a cheap (low) room.
Both couples had been through a ceremony only six nights earlier, but now they were back.
He is a man, in short, who knows his subject, and the implications of what he is arguing, most important the deaths of American soldiers and the expenditure of billions of dollars.
Service Sunday, May 19, 1:15 PM, at ''The Riverside,'' 76th Street and Amsterdam Avenue.
''In a perfect world, it would have been better if a family of farmers with pitchforks and overalls bought the property, but that's not going to happen in Bedford.''
At the Blom restaurant, another haunt of Ibsen, as well as Grieg and Munch and Vigeland, we ate solid, well-prepared Middle European food, heavy on the game (heart of reindeer was on the menu, but I had salmon), and Norwegian specialties.
Mr. Bratt gives him just the right edge of insinuating self-awareness and humorous, throwaway cool.
These medical interventions may have no effect on death rates in the case of breast cancer.
Hours: daily, 10 a.m. to 6 p.m.
''I've been wondering why my whole right arm has been killing me,'' he said.
''We need a new National Defense Public Health Act to address this imminent threat,'' Mr. Gore said.
''There was the group that wanted to shop at Garden of Eden and stock up on things like olives and brie, and then there was the group that only cared about having the ingredients for mudslides and tequila shots,'' she said.
The 30-foot-high translucent curtain wall (the panels are sandwiches of glass and rice paper) glows at night, embodying the name of the congregation: Light Is Sown.
He had family in the United States and was seeking money there for a community development project, his family said.
Botto House National Landmark, 83 Norwood Street, Haledon.
Now they lie, belly to the sky, burned out and red with rust from the autumn rain.
Yet inside Sony's PlayStation 2, Microsoft's Xbox and Nintendo's GameCube lurk powerful computers capable -- in principle at least -- of browsing the Web, recording television shows, sending e-mail messages and generally serving as the hub of the much-ballyhooed ''digital lifestyle.''
BLAZERS 104, RAPTORS 91: The Toronto Raptors just couldn't beat the Portland Trail Blazers without Antonio Davis.
But the proposals Mr. Bush is considering fall well short of what some of America's largest steel makers and union workers have demanded: 40 percent tariffs on virtually all steel products from abroad.
ARTHUR GELB I don't believe it when Bill says he doesn't recognize the people he photographs.
After seeing the disruption his project had caused, Mr. Boisvert contacted a lawyer.
The new machines created oversize puffs, and the company, as its operations manager obscurely put it, ''had to change the recipe a little bit.''
Joe Sharkey: On the Road.
The committee, ending its session on Friday, recommended that Saudi Arabia ''re-examine its imposition of corporal punishments that are in breach'' of the treaty, and that it ensure that its laws are applied equally regardless of nationality, sex, religious affiliation or other distinctions.
Eight percent of the women died in the hospital, compared with 2 percent of men.
Devoted mother of Stephanie Scharf and Jane Schiff.
Tina will get the cutest one.
agent and is close to indicting him for his involvement in the murder of a Tulsa multimillionaire businessman, Roger Wheeler, on orders from Mr. Bulger.
Information: Meyer Feig at mfeig@theinteracorp.com.
To Palmisano, she lauded the withdrawal of I.B.M.
General Gallardo said he ordered food and cots for the prisoners.
Sometimes he let the crowd sing without him: ''I begged you, I pleaded'' (the men), or ''This is one time you can't fake it hard enough'' (the women).
''Segregation is shorthand for talking about whether people are given access to opportunities,'' said John Powell, a University of Minnesota law professor and executive director of the Institute on Race and Poverty in that state.
The Chevrolet Bel Air, a convertible reminiscent of late 1950's Chevys, featured glass with a reddish hue to match its red body.
The mistakes they make are plastered across cable television and radio 24 hours a day.
The pollster John Zogby, who has done extensive work in Arab countries, took the opposite view.
The firm Beyer Blinder Belle has been properly charged with defining a plan that incorporates complex and often contradictory considerations of memorialization, underground and surface transportation, flexibility for yet-to-be-determined users and tenants, and its relationship to the waterfront, the fabric of Lower Manhattan and the skyline of the city.
After Maddox left the game, Stewart played well.
''I work far from here,'' she said as she stood outside the drab, unmarked building searching for a minibus taxi.
A circle of well wishers and jazz students gathered around him to talk.
Strategists at Merrill Lynch and Credit Suisse First Boston, for instance, have told their clients to stock up on Japanese stocks now and be ready to dump them once the rally peters out, a tactic that has paid off in previous years.
Her aides said it was her style to avoid direct attacks on her political opponents.
The system's next feature may be one solely designed for visitors who are not experts.
The band members say that because they had been involved in music in one way or another all their lives, their mates generally knew what they were getting into from the start.
Not one of the six assassins I talked to had a father at home.
It is almost 11 p.m., and Pelzer is still signing books in the lobby.
It has bought a trusty Honda, trips to Italy, Switzerland, Argentina, some painful lessons about picking her own stocks and, if all goes well, maybe even her first piece of real estate after graduation.
''We agree that's a goal,'' Mr. Krueger said.
The Blacks, known as Merle-and-Earl to the reporters who regularly seek their guidance, are traditional political scientists, with Earl serving as the Herbert S. Autrey professor of political science at Rice and Merle as the Asa G. Candler professor of politics and government at Emory.
Other art forms, meanwhile, don't seem to succumb to these bouts of nostalgia.
Tickets, $500, (212) 245-6570, ext.
Loving grandfather of Morgan and William.
And while Mr. Whittaker, a 55-year-old building contractor, moved to Scott Depot, near Hurricane, some years ago and attends church there, the bishop said, ''We're still good friends, and he's still a member of my church and still contributes to this parish.''
It was hard to concentrate on the story, steamy as it was.
Mr. Winnick, meanwhile, who remains chairman of Global Crossing's board, continues to care about public perceptions.
To get there will require more vehicles, particularly in the light-truck market, in which Hyundai sells a single S.U.V., the Santa Fe.
It has agendas you could argue with and doesn't have some artists you wish were there.
''For a period there it seemed like every week there was a kidnapping, so I wouldn't take my eyes off her.''
Although passing time can sometimes bring us closer too.
''MOVING PICTURES,'' Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum, 1071 Fifth Avenue, at 88th Street, (212) 423-3500 (through Jan. 12).
The exceptionally lovely gardens were restored by his wife, Maharani Hemlata Rajye, a former princess from a region in Kashmir (Poonch) that she herself has never seen.
The California Water Service Company's Westlake District recently installed a camera at a reservoir in Ventura County that is a favorite gathering place for teenagers, who would hang out at night with blankets, pizzas and beer on top of the concrete holding tank and paint to their hearts' content.
On Monday, the Bushes had dinner at the White House with the Johnsons and Lois Betts, the wife of Roland Betts, a fraternity friend from Yale, the chairman of Chelsea Piers in New York City and one of the president's early Democratic supporters.
Sweets include tiramisù and hot Swiss chocolate, either white or dark versions.
Midway through a honeybee's fleeting, bittersweet, and, yes, busy little life, a momentous transformation occurs: the 2-week-old worker must abandon her cloistered career as a hive-keeping nurse, and venture out into the world to forage.
Yahoo earned $28.9 million, its second quarter of profit, after a year- and-a-half string of losses.
Why she lets me do that I have no idea.
But he is proud of some photographs he never took.
His voice was nearly as strong as it was on the old albums, and the band, despite Mr. Lee's admonitions, thoroughly recharged the music.
And it shows that verse can be used to think, as well as feel: All are meant to soothe the savage breast Or back beneath whose dyed flesh there beats something That will stop.
He was board certified in radiology, though he had passed the test in 1982, before mammography was included.
An executive at BMG, the music division of Bertelsmann, said that there was a glut of new releases and that he hoped they would not cancel each other out.
*How many tickets to ''Tulips & Pansies, The Headdress Affair'' -- a fund-raiser sponsored by Village Care of New York that an ad described as ''a fabulous evening of people, pansies and possibilities to benefit health-care programs for people with H.I.V./AIDS'' -- were sold as a result of the ad's appearance in the metropolitan New York edition of the June issue of Road & Track magazine?
Much loved mother of Henriette (Henny) Sender, Rachelle (Shelly) Sender and her partner, Ron Lancaster.
I think that's why people sometimes get him all wrong.''
when she walked through the doors.
''Our belief is that if people find it difficult to sell these objects on the art market, if they fear the objects might be seized and they might end in court, it might be a deterrent,'' said Nancy Wilkie, president of the Archaeological Institute of America, who also noted that criminal prosecutions of dealers have been exceedingly rare.
If we can reach an agreement, when we reach that agreement, we will consult with and have Commissioner Selig on board completely.''
There were also individual acts of negligence.
But until then, to me, it's a moot point or issue.''
It is a decongestant, not an antihistamine.
I, for one, was probably feeling the disparity with hypersensitivity.
The perfection of big-money, sound-bite, attack-ad campaigning has made it harder to defend a thoughtful, principled vote.
''Then of course it's up to the train crew to see that no one is caught in the doors, and to keep them open until they can see that it is safe to close the doors.''
Maurits Cornelis Escher, who died in 1972, had only a high school education in mathematics and little interest in its formalities.
The amount would wipe out state income taxes for a married couple earning nearly $150,000.
Terrorism insurance had been provided free with commercial coverage before the September 2001 attacks.
The timing of Tenet's announcement, which came a day after the raid and after the company met with analysts, also raised questions about Tenet's handling of the news, which was disclosed in a news release from federal authorities on Wednesday.
The crowd of 23,536 was the smallest for the ballpark, which opened in 1994.
Both vodkas represent the maiden voyages in distilled spirits for all concerned, but the three owners said that they actively participated in their creation.
I've been following this group for the last three miles from the Rio Grande.
And since rubber cement can, over time, lose its adhesion and discolor paper, she was advised to switch to archival glue.
presentation makes no mention of any payment for the 17 frequencies.
As a result, she said, many doctors have prescribed it even for people who are not allergic to penicillin.
''The growth has been so enormous that Sept. 11 could not possibly have wiped it out,'' she said.
From its very inception, the Winter Garden, centerpiece of the World Financial Center, was actually hiding a surprising engineering secret.
Israel is also critical of the role being played in the drafting of the road map by Europe, Russia and the United Nations, as well as by Egypt, Saudi Arabia and Jordan.
In a recent study of extremely premature babies born at 22 through 25 weeks of gestation in Britain and Ireland, roughly three-quarters of the infants died.
They had been deployed as eye candy at a party where most of the guests were women.
''One month, as I searched for a final item to fill space in an employee newsletter, I came across a tongue-in-cheek announcement from another source and borrowed the idea for my own use.
Lord knows there's not anything more that can be said about our sorrow.''
There were more dazzling feats, of course.
The board is unable to transact official business because most of its members, including Mr. Webster, have not yet severed their ties to their employers in the private sector.
The Taliban may no longer be running the state but Mullah Omar, their enigmatic one-eyed leader, is believed to wander the mountains, and many of the mullahs who inspired the movement were recently elected to Parliament in neighboring Pakistan.
Sales of Vioxx rose 17 percent, to $845 million, while sales of Zocor rose 14 percent, to $1.6 billion.
In addition, critical reports about the Dow components Home Depot and Intel intensified the decline.
Mr. Stewart is a celebrity, of sorts, in a sport, of sorts.
''To try to hide from responsibility by creating yet another committee for yet another study is putting paper before the safety of children, and it's inexcusable.''
There are several reasons for the lack of consolidations.
But it fails to explain how this interest is directly advanced by imposing a financial burden on the groups that have commercial sponsorship.''
But the fashion world has been devastated before, most obviously by AIDS.
So the solo viola (much to Paganini's disgust, no doubt) is largely confined to a single lyrical, contemplative theme in long cantus firmus notes that accompany the main, orchestrally developed material in each movement.
Tickets range from $19 to $82.
was led by Arthur Levitt, a Democrat and appointee of President Bill Clinton, and not Mr. Pitt, a Republican appointed by President Bush.
Strachey, of course, is best known for having challenged the staid, fact-gathering, and incorrigibly sentimental tradition of historical biography with his irreverent and psychologically informed approach to hallowed public figures.
Heavy rainfall on areas stripped bare by a 70,000-acre wildfire triggered mudslides that swept vehicles off roads and carried farm machinery across fields and ditches, officials said.
Richard Egarr is the harpsichordist.
How come the media doesn't question that?''
Over time, the schools became effectively desegregated, though with the loss of thousands of white students; about 75 percent of the district's 24,000 students are now black or Hispanic, though the figure was 35 percent when the suit was filed.
Their plan was to surround the compound and apprehend the suspects as they departed.
Museum hours: Tuesdays through Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.; Sundays, 1 to 5 p.m. Princeton campus.
Giambi looks for the red spot formed by the seams of a slider.
''But we wanted to see if we could get a robot to do something that normal humans do.
''I love actors very much, and because I wanted to be an actor, I feel an affinity for actors.
If in my own career I have achieved a measure of success and reward, it is to some extent due to the fact that I was the son of poor parents and was reared in an atmosphere of struggle and endeavor.''
The best and preferred setting for most people with dementia is their own homes -- environments that continually remind them who they are and where they came from.
Was this what Mike had seen out in the world?
Keller has allowed three goals in four games.
I think we qualify as lifelong, die-hard Red Sox fans.
Darlene Alfieri, who is also a pediatrician, is planning to open her practice in the existing office.
Its chief contribution is shrill rhetoric, not penetrating insight.
But General Holland played a much larger role in the Afghan campaign than simply readying and providing those forces.
Across Europe, intelligence officials say that since American bombs began falling in Afghanistan last October, radicals who learned their skills at camps there have dispersed to their home countries and other places, changing the nature of the threat.
Michelle Kwan, in her own personal glide to coronation, had canned her coach and banned her choreographer, and maybe the judges would have overlooked her lack of growth if she had not fallen.
Nancy Graton, a friend, said the cause was complications of injuries suffered in an automobile crash on Jan. 2.
''That's one of the big points,'' said a senior administration official, who provided a copy of the plan to The New York Times.
She acknowledged she has far less than that.
He tells us to focus our full attention on our breathing, counting each slow inhalation and exhalation.
Another David admirer overheard our conversation and chimed in, ''I'm from the Midwest, and even I know what a tush is.''
''This is good preparation for us to play the right way.''
Then, in 2000, Philip J. Holthouse, a Los Angeles accountant, came up with a technique that he thought could double the exemption, to $1 million.
That insight is the basis of what Dr. Carter called the anthropic principle, an idea that means many things to many scientists.
That's what pro football aficionados were hoping for yesterday when Brett Favre and Kurt Warner reached into their holsters.
The White House has told the Senate Ethics Committee that Henry A. Kissinger, President Bush's choice to head an independent inquiry into the Sept. 11 attacks, is not required to disclose his global business clients for potential conflicts of interest.
Art can change as much as it likes, but space, in some form, may always be one of its enduring last frontiers, and its creation can be a thrilling sight.
He notes that one predeterminist, Dr. Maurice M. Black, a New York pathologist, would regularly decry the ''power of ritual vested interests and wishful thinking over reason.''
He took up kick-boxing to strengthen his shoulders and hips, and he said he feels good.
Mr. Liu's is certainly not for the animal lover or the faint of heart; there are Chinese who feel that the people of Guangdong have now taken the sport of extreme eating too far.
Analysts are impressed with the market's momentum but also expect it to pull back, perhaps before Thanksgiving when the market is closed.
''They've been through this for the past 10 1/2 years, and it seems like everything that happened in this whole thing was always happening around them.''
''Love those tchotchkes,'' he said.
Before World War II, France consumed most Cognac, but as digestifs became less popular, whiskey joined other Anglo-Saxon items like jeans and rock 'n' roll in fashion and Cognac lost its hold.
''The Gospel Comes to New Guinea'' (Ronin).
Counselors organize social affairs for him, too, and take him out for breakfast or lunch, one on one.
If there is a strike, there will be ''little impact'' on Gillette's marketing plans, he added, because ''we'd take appropriate measures to make sure our commercials are seen by our target audience.''
When Daluiso missed a 28-yard field goal attempt on the next drive, the Jets had dodged one more impediment.
For at least a day, something old was new again.
Succeeding Mr. Hollingsworth at the FCB Latin America office is Rafael de Guzman, who had been vice president and general manager for the personal communications sector of the Latin America Group at Motorola.
Watch this movie, and you'll probably think about it.
Eco-Artware.com has a wide range of products made from reused and recycled materials, including origami clocks made from book jackets ($29) and earrings and cuff links from typewriter keys ($40).
Flashing offensive bursts and stingy defense, the Nets downed the Grizzlies, 87-76, to snap a seven-game road losing streak.
Sponsored by Street Smarts, N.Y. Fee, $10.
Hours: Tuesdays through Sundays, 10 a.m. to 9 p.m.
Mr. Messier comes from the political right, a background that has put him at odds with men like Mr. Lescure, whose politics are left of center and who feared Mr. Messier's ability to compromise France culturally.
In today's hearing, the medical board, which licenses doctors in the state, was seeking a temporary restraining order to stop the two doctors from practicing until a more formal hearing could be held on whether their licenses should be revoked.
It was very ''La Bohème.''
''It really was the center of power for the borough for three or four decades,'' Mr. Sabini said.
We are tasked with defining and enforcing these laws.
The funeral, which is open to the public and which will feature many jazz performers, will be preceeded by a New Orleans-style funeral parade to the church.
Mr. Moussaoui was arrested on immigration violations after a flight school at which he was enrolled informed the bureau that he was acting suspiciously.
Asking which book all New Yorkers should read ranks up there with philosophical imponderables like ''How many angels can dance on the head of a pin?''
By comparison, the fourth-place Church's Chicken, a unit of Atlanta-based AFC Enterprises, has misfired on an ad budget of about $15 million, leaving it with a 6 percent market share and sales that have been lagging behind the rest of the market.
Ms. Miller does a thorough if not terribly inventive job of inhabiting the Meir of Mr. Gibson's script.
What he seeks, he writes, is ''the spirit of a certain season and the thrill of a certain kind of friendship and what happens to such friendships when the afternoon runs into the evening.''
Note the placement of these advertisements.
The administration said the agency had not produced a single major commercial project despite having received $100 million to help rebuild Harlem.
The newest wine region to adopt the syrah grape is one of the oldest wine regions in the world, the Languedoc-Roussillon in the south of France.
The fuel requirement will be phased in over a few weeks, officials said, while the emission controls are likely to take a bit longer.
Hutchison Whampoa and Singapore Technologies, which had submitted the original bid for Global Crossing, could not be reached for comment.
Another lawsuit between the companies, over Intel's Itanium chips, is scheduled for trial in Marshall, Tex., on July 1.
MURRAY - Monsignor James J.
The year's top achievements were a bill permitting up to six Indian casinos to be built and a ban on holding a cellphone while driving.
Will Americans decide that they're facing the same choice in 2004?
Darren Bragg, who entered the game after the Gold Glove center fielder Andruw Jones became dizzy in the muggy weather, made a brilliant catch to stifle a Phillies threat in the seventh.
Birds, animals and insects make their appearance.
Vivendi shares traded in Paris closed down 1.87 percent, or 23 cents, to 12.07 euros ($12.04).
Mr. Ford soon turned over the reins to a nonfamily member who began the Ford recovery.
Why did Kidd feel the need to take over?
''They're coming to L.A., where you are what you drive.''
While I admire the determination of all involved to make amends, I don't much like solution No.
Sakharov promptly accepted and, back in the political fray, soon won a position in Gorbachev's new national assembly.
The theater was a resting place for rescue workers.
He won that tournament, and it took him only a year to get back to the ranking he had when he quit, 120.
Mr. Annan first called for multinational peacekeepers, his strongest expression of alarm about Palestinians under Israeli assault, in remarks in Geneva on Friday.
But few people talked with Mr. Lay as much as Mr. Roberts, the Enron lawyer who is liaison to the creditor's committee.
I was living in Los Angeles, one of many transplanted New Yorkers driving aimlessly through the Valley, drinking a smoothie, wondering when I was going to have some great epiphany that would provide me the answers.
Because it was to have been part of a projected cycle of plays about the mendacious Talley family of Lebanon, Mo.
Another point of attack was the rushing of Ryan Grant, who carried 30 times for 190 yards behind blockers who used superior size to clear wide spaces in the Air Force defense.
Our younger son slowed his pace going up the hills and sometimes asked me to carry his backpack.
Second, that in a world in which actors constantly flow from film to television to theater and back, it's not too helpful to rail against the importation of celebrities into Broadway shows.
Ellen DeGeneres gets a book deal when she comes out; Anne Heche gets one when she goes back in.''
Yet now that they've capitulated on issues ranging from fuel-economy standards to gun control, the sum of a Democratic social vision these days often seems to have dwindled down to a prescription drug program for Medicare patients.
If, as many believe, Mr. bin Laden is hiding in the mountains on the border of Afghanistan and Pakistan, there must be Pashtuns aware of a notorious 6-foot-4 Arab in the neighborhood.
Day care is the crucial ingredient for enabling welfare mothers to work, particularly if they are expected to leave their families for 40 hours a week.
''Very natural,'' Ferneczi said, adding that Sehorn had earned the respect of the crew by going through the whole day -- sunup to sundown -- without complaint.
She grew up listening to her father's recordings of Miles Davis, John Coltrane and Johnny Hartman.
I don't think Cardinal Law can come out and face his own Catholics.''
Your big guy's down and out for what looks like the rest of the season.
''That was a little bit of fortune for us,'' said forward Josh Wolff, referring to the fact that the Americans drew Mexico in the second round instead of Italy, a three-time champion.
As soon as the declaration is so widely distributed, it is certain to leak out and become public.
Walton came up through the soccer leagues of San Diego, and his club, the La Jolla Nomads, won a national championship and traveled to England to play youth squads, and he saw a Premier Division game at Leeds.
Cherished Grandma Norma of Michael, Thomas and Nicholas.
In 2000, she received the True Value Mechanic of the Year award at Waterford, where people say she knows her business and often pitches in to help others.
We extend our deepest sympathies to the Brown and Sweetwood families and hope that they derive comfort in knowing that they are in our hearts and prayers.
Shares in the Pediatrix Medical Group, which disclosed late last week that the Federal Trade Commission was investigating its 2001 acquisition of the Magella Healthcare Corporation, fell 31 percent yesterday.
They staged plays that depicted caste and ethnic discrimination to recruit cadres.
''It comes from the repetition of plants -- beeches, oaks, ironwoods -- in patches, rows and sequences.''
According to the Civilian Complaint Review Board, there were 48 complaints filed against the 43rd Precinct in 1997; 43 filed in 1998; 70 in 1999; 42 in 2000; and 47 last year.
Directed by Christian Charles (R, 81 minutes).
His concern was more than academic.
A core of Republican-controlled Northeastern and Midwestern states seemed sufficient.
An advisory committee to the drug agency voted against approval of the drug, as did the agency's officer in charge of its review for the market, the petition said.
THE PRISONERS -- A Defense Department photograph of shackled prisoners at Guantánamo Bay kneeling before American soldiers with their heads and eyes covered prompted protests about humiliation and psychological torture from the British, German and Dutch governments and the European Union, and it also inflamed longstanding concerns that the United States answers only to itself in international matters.
The bill also included Faith Evans and Nas.
Although the companies said months ago that they would begin new clinical trials, very little has happened.
These veterans can try to get compensation through the Department of Veterans Affairs, or the courts.
Le Pen made a bitter attack on Mr. Chirac, calling him ''the godfather of the clans who have been bleeding the country for two decades and living the high life with the French people's money.''
Another place for a hearty breakfast or a substantial sandwich is the Kitchenette, 80 West Broadway.
But state lawmakers do not seem in any hurry to do that.
''Any time a district court judge says, 'We want to hear more' in an issue that the government says, 'You can't hear it at all,' obviously that pleases the defense,'' Ms. Newman said.
THE SCRIPT -- Mr. Schumer: ''Carl McCall is the most experienced, best-prepared candidate for governor that New York has seen in a long time.
For most directors, a six-year absence on the heels of an indifferent showing would amount to career suicide.
So I gave male attributes to a female character.
PISTONS 89, NUGGETS 63: Chauncey Billups scored 21 points, including five 3-pointers, for visiting Detroit.
''This device sounds like people would no longer have to fidget around for pencil and paper to write things down when they want to communicate.''
There will be modern interactive exhibitions, ships, buoys, search and rescue boats and an Imax theater.
Despite his disappointment, Dr. Dobson is philosophical.
The French president, Jacques Chirac, has said that Europe ''risked becoming vassals'' of the United States if it did not proceed with Galileo.
Experts on consumer profiling say law enforcement officials face two big problems.
doormen, concierge, renovated kitchen, h/w floors, Manhattan skyline view; maintenance $640, no tax deduction; listed at $385,000, 4 weeks on market (Broker: Insignia Douglas Elliman) FORT GREENE $232,500 9 South Oxford Street 1-bedroom, 1-bath, 900-sq.-ft. co-op in a prewar brick town house; dining area, kitchen with dishwasher, high ceilings, h/w floors, laundry facilities in basement; maintenance $500, 31% tax-deductible; listed at $250,000, 8 weeks on market (Broker: Nancy McKiernan Realty) PARK SLOPE $449,000 19 Prospect Park West 1-bedroom, 1-bath, 1,250-sq.-ft. co-op in a brownstone; dining area, bay window, high ceilings, h/w floors; maintenance $843, 50% tax-deductible; listed at $439,000 (multiple bids), 8 weeks on market (Broker: Brooklyn Properties of 7th Avenue) QUEENS FLUSHING $493,000 33-62 Utopia Parkway 2-family, 62-year-old detached frame house; 3 bedrooms in primary unit; 1 bedroom, eat-in kitchen in other; 1 bath in each; 1-car garage, 40-by-80-ft. lot; taxes $2,262; listed at $499,888, 32 weeks on market (Broker: ReMax/Millennium) FOREST HILLS $190,000 72-34 Austin Street 1-bedroom, 1-bath, 700-sq.-ft. condo in a prewar building; elevator, renovated kitchen and bath, h/w floors, laundry facilities in building; common charge $250; taxes $1,200; listed at $200,000, 4 weeks on market (Broker: Advantage Forest Hills) STATEN ISLAND ST GEORGE $133,000 50 Fort Place 2-bedroom, 1-bath, 1,076-sq.-ft. co-op in a postwar building; dining area, h/w floors, 2 walk-in closets, harbor view, common laundry and storage facilities in building; maintenance $603, 30% tax-deductible; listed at $135,000, 5 weeks on market (Broker: Gateway Arms) NEW JERSEY FAIRFIELD $335,000 173 Hollywood Avenue 3-bedroom, 2-bath, 40-year-old ranch; eat-in kitchen, family room with bar, c/a, 1-car attached garage, 0.40-acre lot; taxes $4,628; listed at $315,000 (multiple bids), 11 days on market (Broker: YHD Foxtons) HAZLET $249,900 3 Independence Way 3-bedroom, 2 1/2-bath, 24-year-old bi-level; family room, patio, new furnace and roof, fenced yard, 1-car attached garage; 0.30-acre lot; taxes $5,180; listed at $249,900, 8 days on market (Broker: YHD Foxtons) LINCOLN PARK $795,000 22 Sherbrooke Drive 4-bedroom, 2 1/2-bath, 3-year-old colonial; 2-story entry foyer, great room with fireplace, master bedroom suite, full basement, 2-tier deck with hot tub, 3-car attached garage, 2-acre lot; taxes $12,000; listed at $795,000, 5 weeks on market (Broker: Prudential N.J. Properties) WESTCHESTER ARMONK $465,000 1 Rockwood Place 3-bedroom, 2-bath, 45-year-old ranch; entry hall, living room with fireplace, 0.47-acre lot on cul-de-sac; taxes $3,937; listed at $479,500, 11 weeks on market (Brokers: Holmes & Kennedy; Houlihan/Lawrence) CHAPPAQUA $2.4 million 114 Marcourt Drive 4-bedroom, 4 1/2-bath new colonial; entry hall, living room with fireplace, dining room with fireplace, family room with fireplace, eat-in kitchen, screened porch, spa and exercise room, 2.73-acre lot; taxes to be assessed; listed at $2.45 million, 76 weeks on market (Brokers: Randolph Properties; Holmes & Kennedy) SCARSDALE $699,999 55 Sprain Valley Road 4-bedroom, 2 1/2-bath, 18-year-old colonial; entry hall, living room with fireplace, eat-in kitchen, 1.05-acre lot; taxes $15,837; listed at $699,999, 23 weeks on market (Brokers: Houlihan/Lawrence; Prudential Centennial) CONNECTICUT DANBURY $297,000 85 East Drive 3-bedroom, 2-bath, 28-year-old raised ranch; dining room, eat-in kitchen, family room with fireplace, 2-car garage, 0.62-acre lot; taxes $3,089; listed at $298,500, 7 weeks on market (Brokers: Century 21/Lombardi; William Pitt Real Estate) EASTON $480,000 4-bedroom, 3-bath, 27-year-old colonial; front porch, dining room, eat-in kitchen, family room, vaulted ceiling in master bedroom suite, rear deck, in-ground pool, 2-car garage, 3-acre lot; taxes $7,373; listed at $499,000, 19 weeks on market (Broker: Prudential Connecticut) RIDGEFIELD $182,500 45 Lawson Lane 1-bedroom, 1-bath, 900-sq.-ft., 33-year-old town-house condo; dining room, vaulted ceilings, 1-car garage; common charge $250; taxes $1,359; listed at $190,000, 1 week on market (Broker: Neumann Real Estate) LONG ISLAND GREAT NECK $690,000 2 Hill Park Avenue 2-family, 45-year-old brick colonial; 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, eat-in kitchen in each unit; 2-car attached garage, 130-by-130-ft. lot; taxes $9,802; listed at $752,000, 4 weeks on market (Brokers: Goodstein Realty Bromley; Vera Bernstein) PORT WASHINGTON $482,500 61 Highland Avenue 3-bedroom, 1-bath, 79-year-old colonial; modern eat-in kitchen, dining room, playroom in partly finished basement, 1-car detached garage, 40-by-100-ft. lot; taxes $3,774; listed at $495,000, 4 weeks on market (Brokers: Insignia Douglas Elliman; Accents on Real Estate) SOUTHOLD $740,000 302 Town Creek Road 4-bedroom, 2-bath, 163-year-old colonial; eat-in kitchen, dining room, sitting room, 2 fireplaces, porch, dock, 5-acre lot; taxes $3,395; listed at $795,000, 13 weeks on market (Broker: Century 21 Agawam Albertson)
For ''Are You Ready to Rock?''
''Sometimes when you've been living in New York for a while, your eye is trained for a different aesthetic,'' said Ms. Easley, who favors three-inch Jimmy Choo heels even in Virginia.
Great-grandmother of Evan, Zoe and Max.
Jarome Iginla added two assists for the Flames.
The P&O Princess spokeswoman said the joint venture ''was the cost of getting Royal Caribbean to the table for a deal that has already created value for shareholders.''
But can we produce any direct evidence about the effects of inequality?
Ms. Thompson, executive director of the Lower Manhattan Cultural Council, was eating with Geoffrey Wharton, an executive with Silverstein Properties, which had just leased the towers.
An executive at one agency in New York said that Continental was the first carrier to charge the $20 on paper tickets issued by travel agents.
Big Bertha pantaloons, sensual Eastern robes, corsair pirate coats over lacy skirts -- Balzac's ghost must have been howling as a gust of 19th-century Romanticism whipped through the spring 2003 collections.
A person familiar with the details said that Mr. Allen received some money, but would not say how much.
''Well, what do you call this?''
Ergonomics, the science of meshing work and equipment efficiently and safely, is used to design everything from car seats to work stations.
Mr. Daschle said the ''lack of real sensitivity to this concern for integrity is something that I think we've got to be concerned about.''
A furious President Richard Nixon, frantic to prevent further leaks, set out not only to prosecute but also to smear Ellsberg personally by creating a hit team of ''plumbers'' to rifle the files of his former psychoanalyst.
The site is covered in small birch trees, dwarf shrubs, herbs and grasses.
''The irony was not lost on me,'' Mr. LaBute said of his desire to cast Ms. Weaver.
The project was in part a reaction to the release of ''September 11 and the U.S. War: Beyond the Curtain of Smoke,'' a book of left-leaning essays about the attacks.
Exactly, Mr. Cohen said yesterday.
Still, he is not looking to expand his horizons, which have never extended far beyond standard repertory.
''The combination of the economic downturn and donor disappointment with how the Red Cross and others handled their money in this disaster will force charities to work hard to restore public confidence.''
Second, for bands of color that change from pinks and golds to melancholy blue, you need a certain amount of clouds.
Her work at Rehabilitation International now RI and later at United Cerebral Palsy of NYC, took her all over the world, and she leaves behind friends in many countries.
After all, if we couldn't, in current academic parlance, ironize the whole affair -- the glitter, the gushing thanks, the issue-of-the-day pieties and ultimately the choices -- how could we salvage our self-respect as we attend to the proceedings with more passion than we want to admit?
More liberal than his party, he served on Clinton administration panels on women, race and teenage pregnancy.
Still, supporters point out that under Dr. Lawrence's direction, the university's fund-raising has increased nearly fivefold, sponsored faculty research has almost tripled and the percentage of minority students has doubled.
The site was preserved by the Vietnamese Army, which deposed the Khmer Rouge and occupied Cambodia for 10 years, until 1989.
to write about artsy bohemians -- in fact, it's terrific to locate your characters culturally.
It's not exactly a materialistic fever they're stoking, because none of the Sims stuff is actually material.
''The festival brings people in, and I am hoping it will be a good year.''
But there are many platform conductors in many busy places, and so her job description does little to convey what she really does.
Mr. Yunas and most of the other men in the building escaped.
''We are tired of getting crumbs from the table,'' Mr. James said in a departure from the 22-page speech he delivered at his mayoral swearing-in in Newark.
KENNETH J. RUMMENIE Buffalo, Aug. 29, 2002
But they've got academic and poetic inclinations, too -one man notices ''a skein of geese winging south,'' and another remarks that looking at the light from stars means ''looking at the past'' -- and their connection to the world is tenuous.
He said officers frequently drove by his house to check on him.
Several French newspapers reported today that the government would allow France Télécom to cut its losses and pull out of MobilCom.
Steamed clams, for example, is a garlic feast, a dozen or so hard shells in white wine, parsley, lemon and a couple of tablespoons of minced garlic.
said Sarah Elliot, an urban birder for more than 40 years.
Cain's other sons packed igunaq pouches, cinching them with cord cut from the animal's hide.
Some opponents called her crazy, and a few said the country would be giving up its sovereignty by dropping the sucre.
He was looking for something.
Of the original five founders, three are still active in the daily operation.
He graduated from the University of Texas and received an M.B.A. from Harvard.
As recently as last spring, the Emergency Management Office held a meeting for school personnel on Indian Point, and barely a dozen superintendents showed up.
I was looking forward to the Zen experience.
Her father retired as a developer of commercial real estate in Los Angeles.
And it's kind of like a strive for perfection, and for making myself better.
Two Filipinos were killed and more than 20 others injured in the blast, outside a karaoke bar frequented by American and Philippine troops.
The New York Times reported last week that Enron paid no taxes on its profits in four of the last five years and was eligible for $382 million of refunds.
a patent for a software application with no clear technical nature.
''I think it's too optimistic to get it today,'' he said, ''but I think all the parties are committed.''
6 Normandy Heights Road, Morristown.
There is evident demoralization at the E.P.A., where the hazardous-waste ombudsman recently joined a parade of officials resigning in protest.
Dr. Frist's aides say he is likely to give up his hideaway -- he has little need for it now -- but there is no word yet on whether Mr. Lott will move into Dr. Frist's old space.
Those troops would bring their counterterrorism skills to covert missions while allowing the Pentagon to maintain that no uniformed combat forces were in action.
''When I first did this four years ago, there wasn't even a division for it.
A few days before the disrupted Sept. 11 primary, the Campaign Finance Board ruled that he was about $10,000 short, and denied Mr. Badillo about $1 million to which he argued he was entitled.
In fact, he added, there are now scores of different laminated flooring products that range from basic wood-floor look-alikes to laminates that bear almost uncanny resemblances to ceramic tile, slate, marble and stone.
Mr. Mapfumo's band includes both mbira and electric guitar, interlacing staccato plinks like the world's funkiest music box, above electric bass and trap drums.
Aboard Blue Yankee, Benjamin said, ''We were wearing life jackets the entire race, and were clipped in with safety harnesses.''
Troops continued to blockade the city and impose a curfew on its residents, holding out the possibility that they would re-enter.
This show, with more than 300 items from the days before European influence to the present, displays the vital design sense and extraordinary handcraft of Iroquois beadworking, from a large 18th-century wampum belt of shell beads, used for record keeping in the absence of a written language, to a recent group of Barbie dolls adorned with feathers and beads by Noreen Reese of the Cayuga nation.
Dinner for two with wine, about $68.
In his obituary of Mr. Willett in The Guardian, Richard Boston recalled their first meeting, in the mid-1960's.
Tejada was instrumental in fueling the 20-game winning streak that catapulted the Athletics from third to first, eclipsing the league's other terrific shortstops in his ability to produce timely hits.
Until a few days ago, that unit was afloat in the northern Arabian Sea.
Late on July 19, two teams of astronomers watched from northern Chile as Pluto briefly passed in front of a distant star known as P126A.
He is also the subject of intense scrutiny for his unceasing support for companies whose stocks and bonds Salomon had underwritten but that in most cases lost almost all of their value.
''Our task is to connect the dots before the fact, and see if we can't behave in a way that there won't be books written about why we slept, or what happened,'' Mr. Rumsfeld said.
The goal is not to punish users but to get the drug use out into the open, where it can be dealt with.
Arena Football League DETROIT FURY--Announced they will not renew the contract of Mouse Davis, coach.
A four-cylinder engine is offered for the first time, with just 90 -- count 'em -- horsepower.
Here anything she wanted to ask me was fair game.''
Analysts had expected Starbucks to earn 13 cents a share in the quarter.
That surface is expected to be a hybrid of softer and more forgiving materials than those used in past artificial fields.
Mr. Friedman, our schools teach religious intolerance, most of our mosques preach hate against any non-Muslims, our media is exclusively controlled by the government and religious people.
But Mr. Barr pressed the question after Peter P. Swire, a privacy official at the Office of Management and Budget in the Clinton administration, testified that the proposed legislation lacked any privacy safeguards, ''either to prevent harm to individuals or to stop a power grab by an unaccountable agency.''
Lent, district chief for the United States Geological Survey.
The bank's shares traded at more than $50 in 2001, but the fund paid $26.38, on average; the stock is now at $27.48.
Mr. Fleishman's wife, Lucylle Magid Fleishman, died in 1987.
''All we had to do was look in Rhode Island.''
Tonya Smith and her husband were driving toward Happy when they saw the tornado form.
The national gymnastics championships are now not much more than a large invitational, with only 22 colleges still competing in the sport.
* OS CARIOCAS, Joe's Pub, 425 Lafayette Street, East Village, (212) 539-8778 or (212) 239-6200.
You saw the constricted 1950's released into the 60's; rock 'n' roll, civil rights; teased, feathered and processed hair; wigs and do-rags; dancing, necking and marching in the streets.
She graduated magna cum laude from Barnard College.
After Sept. 11, a lot of flowers were going to police precincts and fire departments.
Many had trained at camps in Afghanistan and Pakistan, he added.
Anders Fogh Rasmussen, the Danish prime minister, who currently holds the rotating presidency of the European Union, predicted this week that Turkey would not be given a date to begin negotiations.
Users are finding ways to turn one big server into several small ones, saving on both hardware and maintenance.
The diocese spokesman, Frank DeRosa, said that it was a sincere desire to cooperate with law enforcement and to do the right thing.
The oils, all dated 1934, are sweeping, futuristic urban scenes with a repeated motif of airplanes landing on buildings.
Freddie Mac, the mortgage company, reported that the average interest rate on 30-year fixed-rate mortgages declined to 6.76 percent this week, down from 6.81 the previous week, according to a nationwide survey released today.
Admission: $9; $6, students and 62+ (Kimmelman).
''I know I can run faster.
Investments commonly involve products that feature advances in technologies like laser surgery, angioplasty and implantation that have already been touted in professional journals and then discussed, before invited audiences, at educational seminars held at fine restaurants and resorts.
Also under way is a new 1,000-car parking garage at Station Place and Atlantic Street, to be attached by an elevated walkway to the existing 900-car garage.
The trial is set for Sept. 30, and while Mr. Moussaoui may be achieving his goal of vexing the judge and others involved in the trial, he has also been steadily losing ground on basic tactical legal issues.
THE SCRIPT: Announcer: ''Just what does Elizabeth Dole believe?
It was required reading for the New Left of the 1960's.
Mr. Waldman will present this show from the golden age of live television, complete with commercials, at the Port Washington Library on Main Street at 7:30 p.m. Information: (516) 883-4400.
Mr. Gaines, the aforementioned writer, bereaved dog owner and resident Wainscott wit, did not have the same reservations as Ms. Foster: ''I never thought this would be an expos.
Mr. Bashir did not limit his criticism to the political system.
Last week, in a cumbersome civil trial trying to unravel Pompton's past, a group of residents rested their case after claiming that water polluted here by industry caused deaths, miscarriages and a cancer rate four times the national average.
The additional precautions were instituted after anthrax-tainted letters began circulating in the mail, killing five people.
''I just looked at my family and said, 'This isn't going to work -- the kids, the house, the chores,' '' Mr. Evans said.
The reason, he argues, lies in what he calls the Industrial Enlightenment, a series of cultural changes that connected practical and theoretical knowledge and made both more widely accessible.
But this is no story from hundreds of years ago.
The astronauts removed older equipment, including the last of Hubble's original cameras, a malfunctioning power control unit and its solar arrays.
If so, it has been an effective spin, said Katherine Egbert, an analyst at C. E. Unterberg, Towbin.
Are you hoping to get him punished?
I don't follow a Republican or Democratic Party line.
One of them works for me and I've seen the conditions of their school.
A United States-based Chinese democracy advocate has been detained in southern China after sneaking into the country to investigate recent labor unrest, colleagues in the United States said.
Michael Tomsic, president of Hyper Tech, said the company aimed to start selling wires in a couple of years.
(The price of a glass was typically $1.50 to $5.)
The giant Swiss-based drug maker Novartis A.G. surprised investors today with a positive earnings report that broke away from the generally dreary trend in the market and with word that a potential billion-dollar drug may come to market sooner than expected.
CHATEAU REYNELLA, BASKET PRESSED 1999 $30 Rich, round and spicy, with soft tannins.
''I told the team then that they didn't have heart, but today they showed me both heart and guts.
Sales personnel, who have been given a five-day course in denim, walk helpless shoppers through a maze of textile-industry terms like warp and weft, as well as Diesel's own confounding lexicon of styles and washes.
When soaring interest rates pushed the industry to the brink of bankruptcy in the early 1980's, regulators encouraged healthier institutions to buy failing ones.
This brainy dance and new media troupe will perform work choreographed by Ms. Yzermans, a transplant from Belgium, to music by Nicholas Marantz and Vivaldi with video by Kurt Ralske.
Crane earned his place in history for a much different reason.
''It took a lot of work to make this project happen and it is helping people to have decent housing in an area nobody wanted to live in for years,'' said Mr. Thompson, a carpenter.
Al Gore had just finished announcing on Sunday evening that he would not run for president in 2004 when the telephone rang at the apartment here of Donna Brazile, Mr. Gore's campaign manager from 2000.
I want Spurrier in the N.F.L.
These attached brick houses sell for perhaps $350,000 ''minted'' and $270,000 in ''ramshackle condition,'' said Ms. Doyle.
So, Carolee Jones, the manager of the Burgdorff office, said the agency helped them devise a strategy.
The principal character, like Mr. Abatemarco called Tony, turns 15 in 1965.
And for the last two nights, there have been the final ''spokes councils,'' at which representatives from dozens of organizations finalize plans for puppet performances, peaceful protests -- and mischief.
But professional imaginer or not, when you are at the destination you've dreamed of all your life, you're liable to be distracted by material reality in the form of T-shirt vendors and other tourists as you strive to be moved.
Haunted by her past, a psychotherapist discovers clues to the long-ago killing of a homecoming queen.
He has met with President Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney at the White House four times in the past two years, most recently on May 8.
''It is difficult to find a legal issue here for the Delaware Supreme Court.''
The author reported visiting Brodsky's grave and finding a handwritten note ''in a script I cannot read'' wedged into the ground cover nearby, with a ring of wooden beads on it.
Indeed, Latin Americans had long ago grown accustomed to seeing Argentina's fortunes rise and fall, going from military dictatorship to inept democracy, stumbling through hyperinflation and high unemployment.
Instead, the focus has been on lapses in risk management, like whether the bank should have done as much business as it did with Enron or WorldCom.
About an hour after the students return, teachers say, they will crash in a daze as the sugar high wears off.
Familiarity, first, with the distant past, which you feel strongly downtown.
''Happiness'' is one of the mother's favorite words; she firmly declares, ''Everyone makes their own luck in this life!''
Best Bet The combination is promising: music and wine.
''Her technique is really old-fashioned,'' she said.
The bridegroom, also 25, will begin work this month as an associate at Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver & Jacobson, a law firm in New York.
The Harlem dugout exploded with three days of suppressed emotion, proof that these Little Leaguers had smiles, too.
I remember his voice and the gentle way it imparted reason and high expectations for me.
Movie buffs are delightful creatures, but they really belong in half-empty revival houses on wet Sunday afternoons, not behind the camera.
Pakistan, the official said, had already been alerted to seal its border along Afghanistan's Paktia Province.
The Royals got just their second victory since April 24 and improved to 9-21, no longer the worst record in the majors.
For their part Microsoft executives insist that the new consumer computing devices will not speed the demise of the PC.
Federal regulators fixed this problem in June 2001, when they imposed broad price restraints throughout the Western United States.
Originally intended to cover a broad spectrum of music, including jazz, the program narrowed its focus when it was offered to radio stations nationwide.
If the inspectors are not allowed to return, then there should be a second Security Council resolution to say if there should be or not an intervention.
Much of the pleasure is, of course, in the experience of recognition.
''Craftsmen were expected to look with awe upon the process of creation, and see the hand of God in every step,'' Ms. Fitz Gibbon and Mr. Hale write.
Nov. 10, 1995, 2:15 a.m. An earwitness described a loud clank From a car on Alliance Road's bank It had crashed and then coasted Participants, toasted Found repose in the county drunk tank.
Mr. Warnke, for example, recently bought a $385 shirt from Borelli, the Neapolitan tailor with a store on the Upper East Side.
But he also has a private practice specializing in cancer, and when he first began to think of writing a book about his experiences in Carandiru, no one encouraged him more than his friend and patient Hector Babenco.
''There are three problems with these roundups,'' he said.
The defending champion, Se Ri Pak, was among four players two strokes behind.
He's a riddler, enigmatic, distrustful of appearances, generous in allusion, doubtless a dab hand at crossword puzzles.
Mr. Codere has embraced the efforts and will unveil a new federal policy in mid-October that would grant thousands of immigrants three- to five-year work permits under the proviso that they live in rural communities.
His challenges do not, at least, include the Korean economy, which is growing again after several years of pain.
The Yankees' payroll is more than double those of 17 teams.
''We have to start getting it together now.
It is highly likely you will be hearing very optimistic statements 12 months from now.''
''I was drawn by the Union Jack, yes,'' said Yomi Gbolade, a 40-year-old British actor in black denim and a black beret.
''Whether it's feasible, reasonable or in the best interest of the citizens often takes a back seat to the environmental agenda.''
Thus my specific Web search.
After a special meeting this evening, the government dismissed Ivan Djokic, a deputy defense minister, and Jovan Cekovic, the head of Yugoimport, declaring them ultimately responsible for the shipments.
The American right, in turn, appears to regard Mr. da Silva as a closet Communist and is already pressing the Bush administration to adopt a tough attitude toward him.
Now, all of a sudden, Nigeria was No.
People come from all over the country to hunt deer in Wisconsin.''
With 19 current board members -- there are four vacancies -- the downsizing means three board members will lose their seats.
''Do I wish I had not said that?
Still, the task seems manageable if we remember that the issue is neither the detainee's guilt nor the degree of danger the detainee poses.
Digeo Plans to Acquire Moxi Digital Ending more than a month of speculation about its fate, Moxi Digital, a prominent Silicon Valley start-up, announced that it was being acquired by Digeo, the interactive television company founded by Paul Allen, a co-founder of Microsoft.
approved the drug late last month -- but at a high price.
If she could have, Deborah would have awarded Michelle a perfect 6.0 just for the elegant way she removed her skate guards.
She moved up close, dropping her voice.
Ngawang Choephel, a Tibetan ethnomusicologist, was 6 years into an 18-year sentence for espionage.
Daniel had two decent rounds at the Kraft Nabisco in late March, but she shot a 75 in the third round and finished tied for 14th.
In a graceful, slightly worn Palladian villa on the west edge of town, the Musée de l'Horlogerie, or Watch Museum, 15 route de Malagnou, (41-22) 418-6470, fax (41-22) 418-6471, mah.ville-ge.ch, presents two floors of timepieces dating from 1550 to 1995.
''That's right,'' said Bryan Rabin, an event planner, who was taking a short break from spinning as this night's guest D. J.
Services Louis Suburban, Fairlawn, New Jersey, Tuesday, May 28th, at 11 A.M.
You will forever be in our hearts.
''It's just awful,'' she said.
In rehearsal, Eiko affectionately teased Ms. Halprin, telling her not to think about doing a phrase of movement to the right and then the left.
But the three other dogs are still on the loose, spreading fear through the neighborhood.
Yet Ms. Gumerova is exceptionally well placed as a classical dancer, and in her pulled-up silhouette and clarity she is a contemporary ballerina.
Some labor leaders, like Lee Saunders of District Council 37, the city's biggest municipal workers' union, have asked that the commuter tax be restored, in the spirit of sacrifice that Mr. Bloomberg has encouraged.
Under the deal in 1994, North Korea froze its atomic weapons program in return for energy aid and two light water reactors.
This film is rated R. WITH: Bill Paxton (Dad), Matthew McConaughey (Fenton Meiks), Matt O'Leary (Young Fenton Meiks), Levi Kreis (Adam Meiks), Jeremy Sumpter (Young Adam Meiks), Powers Boothe (Agent Wesley Doyle), Rebecca Tilney (Angel) and Luke Askew (Sheriff Smalls).
They varied the weight of the wedge between 200 and 1,000 pounds by adding lead weights.
After attending Bennington College, she worked as a reporter for the Journal American Newspaper in New York City.
From the beginning, it was clear that the biggest problem with freezing was the formation of ice.
In 100 Words or Less .
Not to be outdone, the Brookhaven Memorial Hospital Medical Center in Patchogue is expanding its emergency room from 27,000 square feet to 35,000 square feet.
Financial uncertainties, particularly the extent of Nassau County's contribution, may delay a building restoration project, she said.
Conseco's Prospects Dealt a Blow The key insurance rating of Conseco, the insurance and finance company, was downgraded by A. M. Best, a decision that will make it harder for Conseco to compete and worsens the prospects for a turnaround.
Another difficulty, she continued, is that some studies examining real instances of unfaithfulness -- as opposed to the imagined infidelity of college students and other laboratory subjects -- found very different patterns of results.
Mr. Renneisen, a former casino executive who took over the pageant two years ago, would not comment today on plans for a Miss America-themed slot machine.
Perhaps it is the balmy winter we've been having that reminded Regis Lemaire of the time he worked with a group of teenage girls in a community center in Brooklyn.
''There'd be my team and then 29 other teams.''
The current trial involves 10 people whom Judge Donato chose randomly from among the 1,600 plaintiffs.
-- that ''The Goat'' lacks the courage of its darkest convictions.
A satirical look at rich and powerful New Yorkers through the eyes of an Upper East Side nanny.
That reflects the increase in the number of women in the pipeline, a growing interest in the public in seeing women in office and a growing recognition, within the women's political community, of the importance of breaking this particular glass ceiling.''
People are also much more concerned about their own retirement security, not only because of the corporate scandals but because they have seen their 401(k)'s get smaller.''
But he said researchers' inability to determine the race of nearly one-third of those drivers who were photographed will very likely leave the study open to questions.
A compilation the group issued included one of her songs and brought her to the attention of the organizers of Lilith Fair, a traveling women's music festival, who booked her to perform in St. Louis and Nashville in 1998.
The next morning, a school bus picked them up and drove them to their new home.
The Spanish authorities, for example, say a Syrian accused of financing a Qaeda cell in Europe was backed by a Saudi trading company that solicited money from Saudis.
''I owe them,'' he said.
The couple hadn't provided directions to the reception because the Elizabethan-style mansion at the Stamford Nature Center was only one-eighth of a mile from the church.
MD2, which plans clinics in New York, Los Angeles and elsewhere, considers itself the ''Ritz Carlton'' of concierge medicine, with a ratio of 50 patients per doctor in its luxuriously appointed offices.
Our current president appears intent on doing the same.
Something about me makes it seem like I know something.
Finally -- and here's where it gets truly crazy -- I synchronized a Palm organizer with a laptop.
With the flawed early Derby favorite, Harlan's Holiday, running off as expected with the Blue Grass in Kentucky and Private Emblem emerging from a second-tier field in the Arkansas Derby yesterday, the dream of bottling some more magic for the Derby on May 4 at Churchill Downs was alive and well in the paddock at Aqueduct.
Kamm took it as a sign of great progress that on this trip one official handed him a document directly.
''I'll never forget that,'' he said.
When the restrictions end on Friday, New Yorkers will be able to wash their cars again, and the city's fountains will resume their old effervescence.
''I don't really have a comment,'' he said.
A subdivision that's all grown up now Accommodations Lovett Inn, 501 Lovett Boulevard, (713) 522-5224, fax (713) 528-6708, www.lovettinn .com, has 13 spacious rooms in the main house, a carriage house and two adjacent town houses.
It really is simple enough, Mr. Ruttenstein explained: ''He's a cult.''
Willey contended that leather was a valuable product humanely produced, and asked how the N.C.A.A.
Tenants include Allied Irish Bank; Macsteel Asoma, a steel trading company; America Online; and Nexus Computing Solutions, among others.
That was the big question that could be asked of both works by Raiford Rogers that the Raiford Rogers Modern Ballet of Los Angeles presented on Thursday night at the Duke on 42nd Street.
''Cities wouldn't work if we didn't have networks,'' Mr. Townsend said, ''for moving people, goods, information.''
Also survived by six grandchildren.
And this seemed like the year to begin producing my own.
Today at 6 p.m., Morgan Library, 29 East 36th Street, Manhattan, (212) 590-0333.
To the Editor: The vexation William Sorensen feels over the fact that he must help his children with their homework (''Am I Dad, or a Tutor?''
''People are not staying in the job as long as they used to,'' he said.
Mr. Gilbert offered Mr. Wein $5,000 but the auditor refused it, saying he preferred a lump sum.
Senator Mitch McConnell, the incumbent Republican and the Senate's chief opponent of limiting campaign spending, heavily outraised and outspent his Democratic challenger, Lois Combs Weinberg, and won re-election easily.
Brady did not win that game; Belichick did.
The Democrats' power will be short-lived.
Born Sept. 11, 1921, in Morocco, Mr. Jobert was educated at the National School for Administration, the training ground for France's political elite.
Arkansas bought out the remaining six years of Richardson's contract Friday, six days after Richardson publicly said, ''If they go ahead and pay me my money, they can take the job tomorrow.''
Mr. Kozlowski was the chairman of Tyco's board until yesterday.
Add 3 cups cold water and chicken pieces.
But that is not the end of the list, Ms. Schwartz said.
Several cellphone bills have already been introduced and legislators are scheduled to consider them in the next several weeks.
I wanted him to know that I was a professional, and I wanted him to think I was a good actress.
OVER the last seven years, Sarah Michelson has established herself as one of the contemporary dance world's most innovative spirits.
In the late 1990's, 90 percent of Japanese high school graduates who wanted a job had lined one up by late January.
But even an adult human forms more than a thousand billion cells each day.
But Senate officials insisted that while a deal was very near, it was not quite at hand.
One card shop chain, Archie's, has asked the Indian Supreme Court to issue an order preventing a repeat of last year's mayhem.
Whether Madden and Michaels, who is 54, can attract young viewers is a realistic question.
''It's mean, nasty and ugly,'' he said.
Robert Rosenwasser was a graduate of the City College of New York.
With the Giants ragged from a long list of injuries, Sehorn practiced extensively at right cornerback today and Zeigler worked out at right guard.
But I've traveled in third world countries, so something always happens.
Long after the game ended, Stewart made his way to the interview room.
The '61 Yankees started faster than these Yankees, with 156 homers through their first 100 games.
''Obviously, everyone's mind is already made up,'' said Dana Rohrabacher, Republican of California.
In a French/Mauritanian film on communication and alienation, ''Waiting for Happiness,'' the director Abderrahmane Sissako uses the unaffected ease of children, as well as their belief that whatever it is they're saying is the most important thing in the world, to give the film a dry calm.
The Jets have renewed contract talks with the free-agent defensive tackle Josh Evans, now that his appeal of an indefinite suspension for violating the National Football League's substance-abuse policy has been upheld.
After struggling for most of this season, White does not know if he will start in left field when the Yankees open their American League division series with the Anaheim Angels on Tuesday.
As for the legislation's criteria for censuring misdeeds by executives and corporate directors, the White House said the S.E.C.
With a book by Stuart Ross and lyrics by Ira Gasman, Ms. Barsha and Mr. Ross.
''It was time for me pick my master's thesis topic,'' Ms. Kane said.
The gates are replicas, the catcher is made of concrete and sprays water from his mitt, and the roster is a tribute, not a living, breathing lineup.
draft, approved a deal that will pay him $3.15 million over three years under the collective bargaining agreement.
Representative Tom DeLay of Texas, the Republican whip, arranged for volunteers from House districts where Republican seats were safe to be bused to nearby districts to campaign for Republicans in close contests.
So the Democrats need a net gain of seven.
They will be used to peer over hills at enemy encampments and send target information back to the artillery without putting human scouts in danger.
He is a super-empowered angry man who has all the geopolitical objectives and instincts of a nation-state.
But in 2002, to add expenses with only a promise of sales volume -- well, you can understand the outcome of that decision.''
Mr. Pritzker said that the company originated with an airport hotel in Los Angeles in 1957.
He uses Tocqueville's famous tableau of the fawning slave, the proud, elusive Indian and the white child destined to inherit history, as a starting point to interrogate his own place, or lack thereof, in this country.
Two children raced around, laughing and grabbing the fingers of a houseguest.
Much of the training provided to New Jersey troopers was based on the Drug Enforcement Administration's Operation Pipeline, which was intended to disrupt the shipment of cocaine on highways along the East Coast and in the Southwest.
The series drew 167,054 fans to the Bronx, but GEORGE STEINBRENNER sounded as if he could do without the games.
AS stocks struggle to find terra firma, one type of bond mutual fund offers a very conservative haven to the wary -- or a wild ride to those who may still have the stomach to speculate.
He finds words for concepts that are basically unvisualizable as well as anyone does -- although, when the analogies fall away, you still come up against statements like ''If the coupling strength is high, the Heterotic-E superstring looks more like a supermembrane requiring another dimension of space to vibrate in,'' the meaning of which is stubbornly elusive.
Mr. Shapiro, a junior majoring in community planning, concedes that ''anarchic'' programs like his -- just releasing the bikes into the world -- encourage vandalism and neglect.
To start with, there's the problem of managing the confessional mode in a world grown weary of memoir.
Its program was reported around the world, and its representatives went on to meet with Secretary of State Colin Powell and Secretary General Kofi Annan of the United Nations.
It was her second surgery in a year.
The lions were sculptured by Edward Clark Potter and sit outside the library's main entrance, Patience on the south side and Fortitude to the north.
Another reader, Rose Styron of Roxbury, the wife of the writer, William Stryon, had the audience similarly swooning with her presentation from ''Leaves of Grass'' by Walt Whitman, who is considered the father of American poetry and free verse, ''the democratic poet, the prophet, the pioneer,'' Ms. Kinsolving told the crowd.
Mr. Sharpton says the same thing about his behavior in the Brawley case, which for many New Yorkers still qualifies as original sin, requiring a form of expiation on his part before he can claim the mantle of a true leader.
His father prospered in the lumber and coal business.
''Normally you have the housing authority, the City Council, the board of education, all functioning as worlds unto themselves,'' said Arijit De, the project's director.
He spoke of wanting to help his neighbors as the Mets were stranded in Pittsburgh.
And mice can eat through electricity cables.''
''That just postpones the problem.''
At Yale, where he earned a B.A.
So I wore green Puma sneakers instead.
It is the first work Mr. Dalbavie has written as composer in residence with the Orchestre de Paris, to which he moved after an association with the Cleveland Orchestra.
Two of the three biggest-name potential free agents this summer also played on that team: Boston's Bill Guerin and Detroit's Chris Chelios.
In the foreground was the crippled bus, not far from the boundary with Bethlehem, the 23-year-old bomber's hometown; in the background were the sweeping ambitions of the Bush administration to reshape the Middle East with a possible war on Iraq.
Mr. Thompson could not be reached for comment, but Providian labeled the pending lawsuit a political act.
Of the 701 acres, 641 are tillable and 37 are wooded.
Why pump up a player who will never be yours?
That means the real task of making Vivendi's United States television ambitions a reality will fall to Michael Jackson.
I go to church on Sunday.
''It was incredible,'' Harris said.
A10 Chinese Corruption Case The Chinese government will bring charges against a former top banker, a message to the country's increasingly independent corporate leaders that corruption will not be tolerated.
By fax, Mr. Guccione manages to sound realistic while still posturing as the unrepentant sophisticate of old.
''He would tell everyone that story.''
Many families still come from Portland, but even more come from Seattle.
Officer Hurley had instructed schoolchildren as part of the Drug Abuse Resistance Education program, known as DARE, for several years, the mayor said.
This April in St. Paul, at the close of the N.C.A.A.
It is seen most sharply at the national oil company, Petróleos de Venezuela, where the two sides disagree on the direction and control of oil policy.
Baker wants an opportunity to go all the way in the playoffs, no longer satisfied with just getting there.
Union officials said they expected an election in March.
Fewer people than usual were looking for jobs in July, which led to a drop in the unemployment rate in New York City, according to data released yesterday by the New York State Department of Labor.
Forsberg's speed in gaining the zone backed the Wings off and created space for Reinprecht, who continued down the same side, curled behind the net of Hasek and banked a wraparound shot over the line off the skate of the other defenseman, Nicklas Lidstrom, at 17:11.
''There's not much to read in there, but it's a great flip book,'' said Mark Healy, a veteran of Details who is now a senior editor at GQ.
Lindros admitted an awareness of his surroundings yesterday.
Coughlin lowered the world short-course record for the 100-meter butterfly to 56.34 seconds and lowered the American record for the 50 backstroke to 27.08.
She got her start as a backup singer, and although her third solo album is due out in January, she has not forgotten what it feels like to be an underdog.
Yet Bourne's amazing feats are done virtually without reaction shots that would show his pleasure at his own skill.
Orlando Hernández will start Monday and Jeff Weaver will start Tuesday.
''Some things you just can't rush,'' he said.
''She told me: 'Doesn't he have a wife?
''They wanted us to be afraid of them, to give up.
''Alexi has been good for us,'' Galaxy Coach Sigi Schmid.
I would describe this cycle more fully, and be less cheerful about it than even the writer.
Susanna Starr teams up paint with sponges.
Our hearts and prayers are with his family and all who mourn his loss.
Many of the artifacts are the ephemera only a scholar could love, and indeed there is already a waiting list of researchers pining for access to the database and a seat at one of the sleek flat-screen monitors on the fourth floor.
CHIRASHI (SCATTERED) SUSHI Time: 1/2 hour 6 cups prepared sushi rice (see recipe) 2 Hass avocados in 1/2-inch strips Salt 1 pound cucumber, carrot or daikon, or a combination, cut into matchsticks 2 sheets nori (7 by 8 inches), cut into confetti 2 pounds fillets of fresh salmon, tuna, yellowtail, fluke or striped bass, in slices 3 inches by 1 inch by 1/4 inch thick 1 bunch scallions, cut in thin rings halfway up the green tops 2 teaspoons sesame seeds.
''Are you worried about having enough money to pay for tuition?''
I think they do care about it and they do want to know the history and the tradition and they do want to build on that.''
Services were held on Tuesday 10 A.M. ''Parkside'' Memorial Chapel, 2576 Flatbush Avenue, Brooklyn, NY (opposite Kings Plaza).
Two days later, I'm scouting the neighborhood again.
It needed six-channel surround sound.
Ford settled that lawsuit in January.
Masry, you're no Albert Finney.''
These days Mr. Bush's stump speech is almost a mirror opposite of the one he was giving last January, when he focused on smoking terrorists out of their caves.
The contract will pay him more than $11 million in guaranteed money in its first three years while saving the Jets $1.1 million against the salary cap this season.
Savings from those products alone could pay for at least 20 nurses, experts say.
But a bowl of rich potato leek desperately needed seasoning.
All theft begins with an imagined ideal, and ''Verve Remixed'' (Verve/Universal) is a stylish work of the imagination.
Two months later, after more leaks were discovered, the authorities refused to allow Union Terminal to turn its refrigeration system back on.
PROTELL-Dr. Martin R., DDS, 89, of Palm Beach, FL, on July 23, 2002.
Cavey's is not glamorous or especially stylish but it is certainly attractive enough.
I know what the big guy should do, but I'm not on the same page.''
It fell by the maximum Kosdaq limit of 12 percent today after the deal was revealed as fraudulent.
At the same time she was also fronting her own band, with Mr. Biondo on bass, and spending a lot of time in the studio, where she and Mr. Biondo were recording what would become the album many critics believe is her best, ''Eva by Heart.''
Or did Bosnian Muslims transport the bodies of dead soldiers (not civilians) overnight to the site and then cry massacre?
But most of them will not be coming to a newsstand near you.
The Baroness died mysteriously in Paris in 1927, at age 53, asphyxiated by gas from an oven.
''I was a little worried for a minute at the top of the stretch,'' Moiseyev said of the challenge by Victory Tilly, who has won every elite race in Scandinavia but had not raced in North America.
The Miller Theater continues its season-long series Bach in Context with a solid chunk of repertory: Bach's seven concertos for solo keyboard.
''There is no alternative,'' said Elemer Hankiss, a political scientist in Hungary.
Confirmation came, the officials said, from Mr. Zubaydah, who was captured earlier this year and is being interrogated at an undisclosed location.
''He loves having his feathers smooshed.
Most of the 23 new small high schools are planned for the South Bronx.
''The law department,'' Mr. Cortese explained, clutching his unlit cigar.
It can only be the TED conference, the three-and-a-half day, $4,000-a-pop annual roundup of brains and glitter in which deep wisdom and technological derring-do are served up on an intellectual pu pu platter by 70 speakers and performers.
The charges were the first resulting from a corruption investigation begun last year by the district attorneys in Madison and Milwaukee.
It was not immediately clear whether Andersen could be charged in coming days or whether an indictment had already been handed up under seal by a grand jury.
The Bush administration's budget request for the 2003 fiscal year raises that to $5 billion (out of a proposed counterterrorism total of $38 billion), but between the expense of reorganization and the dealmaking yet to come, that number could shrink significantly.
Yes, their lives had changed.
All I can think of was that there was so much grief in my environment to do with the unfortunate disappearance of my siblings that I just decided it would be easier on everyone if I didn't exist.''
''I always looked like I was tense, worried.''
Oran Coltrane, Ravi's brother, joined for an alto sax solo in ''Acknowledgment,'' and he played droning patterns, focusing on small areas of pitch.
Use of the ramp is free for town residents.
In the flashiest of many visually indelible moments, a cluster of gangsters silhouetted in a heavy rain are systemically mowed down on a Chicago street in a volley of machine-gun flashes that seem to erupt out of nowhere from an unseen assassin.
''Anywhere from 30 to 70 percent of these things are considered not to be financially successful.''
In this, after a disastrous opening -- the dialogue in the shipwreck scene is unintelligible -- he succeeds ably enough, though he's only partly helped by his cast.
Most car radio dials have access to nearly two dozen stations, according to F.C.C.
Going overboard on a current trend -- like looking as much as possible like Eminem, the foul-mouthed phenom of the moment -- is one way to convince casting to overlook your lack of natural aesthetics.
team hit more home runs in the first month of this season than it did in the first month of last season.
Think how different the city would be if this money had been invested to make it attractive to people of all income levels.
The chief author, Dr. Giuseppe Barbaro of the University LaSapienza in Rome, had refused to retract the paper.
It sometimes seems that, like an endangered species, this romantic view of art's impact on life and death has been moved to an eccentric setup in a far-flung location in the past, a kind of narrative preserve.
So, we're going to treat the bridge that has more impact on people first.''
Arnold Palmer was already seven over par in his farewell Masters round today when his ball bounced down near the pine trees to the right of the 490-yard 11th hole.
How might your opinion have influenced the outcome?” After a few minutes, allow students to share their responses, and discuss the following questions: Do you think it’s important for everyone affected by a decision to be involved in the decision-making process?
The videos shown today are intended for a number of Islamic countries.
Rather she found herself only gradually and then triumphed (especially in the 1990's) as a highly individual dancer.
The least complex dialect is Elmer Fudd, with only 20 search strings.
Moreover, it was revealed that contrary to a series of public statements by Mr. Torricelli, his lawyers and his aides, he went to considerable lengths to help Mr. Chang -- writing letters, making introductions and lobbying foreign officials.
''Mike has no sense of propriety, no sense of political correctness,'' said Jay Larkin, the Showtime major domo, ''but the more Mike talks, the higher the level of interest in the fight.
Some makers of telemarketing equipment redesign their equipment to ignore the tones.
She said the municipal government was already working on a plan to reroute heavy traffic, relocate 74 poor families from the hillside favelas to a new settlement and plant more trees to discourage more hillside settlements.
Dozens of Jewish doctors, nurses and patients died after the convoy's lead armored car was blown up with a mine and a gun battle began.
Philadelphia running back Duce Staley had 126 yards rushing; this was the first time the Eagles had teammates rush for 100 yards since Charlie Garner and Ricky Watters did so on Oct. 8, 1995.
It is difficult to gauge the support in Williamsburg for Aaron Teitelbaum.
The focus is on late-night, romantic tenor saxophone playing, an art that reached its zenith in the 1940's and 50's and isn't completely lost.
Robert S. Greenbaum, a real estate lawyer in Woodbridge, N.J., agreed.
Justice Breyer cited legislative history that he said indicated that Congress intended to apply a national standard.
Of Bronx, NY, on March 31, 2002.
NBBJ employs 800 people, including architects, designers and other related professionals.
Boil gnocchi immediately until they are fluffy and firm, 2 to 3 minutes.
In the end, ABC used a split screen of two shots -- with their time codes synchronized -- to show that the crash between Buddy Lazier and Laurent Redon occurred before Tracy passed Castroneves.
I've always felt like that.
Politicians are blamed for undermining these limits by mandating certain benefits and rights of appeal.
Until last week, company representatives were also holding discussions with their counterparts at American Legacy about the spot, Mr. Watson said.
Two inmates at a maximum security prison in Pontiac may legally starve themselves rather than face years of solitary confinement for misbehavior, a Livingston County circuit judge has ruled.
With reforms, he said, the government can still make money, ''but there are fewer and fewer areas where the government can give largesse to friends and family.''
For more than a decade, that system, under which the government reviews and pays claims for injuries, helped ensure that vaccines would be available.
In an Oct. 26 e-mail message to Rod Sailor, assistant treasurer at Williams, Mr. Murphy said he was nervous about Enron, adding: ''Also you said something like, 'The stock and their bonds would have to go a LOT lower to consider hedging Enron's credit.'
SOUTHERN SUITES -- All SpringHill Suites by Marriott in Florida, Georgia, Tennessee and Alabama are offering a discount of $10 a night to repeat guests through Sept. 30.
''Lifeline'' was photographed in black and white, and the silvered depth of the images makes the harrowing story of a suffering infant both vivid and like a fairy tale.
Once again, individualistic music is being pounded out in clubs on the Lower East Side (and in its newer annex, Williamsburg in Brooklyn, where high rents have driven many musicians and artists).
They both subscribe to the Hindu credo, the guest is God.
Through Thursday, McCarron, a native of Boston, had ridden 7,137 career winners, sixth on the all-time list.
to resolve the issues, pay their liabilities and move on,'' said Pam Olson, assistant Treasury secretary for tax policy.
13 h3 Bh5 14 Ne4 Bd4 15 Bd4 cd, the game was even.
But the Internal Revenue Service is faster.
This summer, a new study has surfaced that suggests the Fed's policy moves do not necessarily reflect its advantage in forecasting.
Services at New Montifiore Cemetery today, 1 PM.
Now it's just a matter of sentiment -- albeit a powerful one -- as the Brazilian government has broadly hinted.
It said it had been considering using prepackaged meat for several years and the timing of its decision was a coincidence.
Whatever the ruling, constitutional policy will change little because the government already supports religious schools by providing them with busing, textbooks and remedial aid.
The international board does not have jurisdiction over American companies.
Tickets: $21 and $24; $14 for children 12 and under.
Tonight and Monday, Tuesday and Thursday nights at 8; tomorrow at 2 and 8 p.m.; Sunday at 3 and 7:30 p.m. Tickets: $51 to $100 (Brantley).
Five of the association's seven vice presidents have demanded that Blatter resign.
1 Wal-Mart Changing Focus Wal-Mart, which became the nation's biggest company by stressing low prices, is now setting its sights on more affluent shoppers.
SETON HALL UNIVERSITY ''Two Towns-One Book,'' reading with Colson Whitehead, to discuss ''John Henry Days.''
''Very much,'' Ms. Meyers said.
A1 Suicide Bomber in Afghanistan A suicide bomber blew himself up at the German peacekeeping headquarters in Kabul, injuring two French citizens and two Afghan interpreters.
LOWER EAST SIDE TENEMENT MUSEUM, 90 Orchard Street, (212) 431-0233.
He converted his Harvard-model garage into a gym and often let children on the block use it and, according to my mom, no comment on his race or Muslim religion ever came up.
His humor, insight, kind heart and gentle ways will be sorely missed and remembered always by all who knew him.
He also pointed out that scientists now believe the small dinosaurs did survive.
They must also spend at least 400 hours treating at least 100 patients with mental disorders under the close supervision of a psychiatrist or other physician, and they must pass a national examination.
You start talking drought emergency before you need to and you're crying wolf.''
Three have never participated in the playoffs.
''So it was quite a mysterious friendship,'' she concludes.
The water must be heated to a temperature between 194 and 203 degrees Fahrenheit, then forced at nine bars of pressure, or about 135 pounds a square inch, through a quarter-ounce of finely ground coffee for 25 to 30 seconds, creating exactly one ounce of espresso.
Lessig's prose, too, is less than limpid.
An article on Aug. 25 about the opening of Trapeze School New York in Hudson River Park misstated the location of a school directed earlier by the new school's owner, Jonathan Conant.
He will make his first Martin Luther King Day address on campus as part of the opening ceremonies on Monday, Ms. Baker said.
The sharpness of India's diplomatic rebuke was surprising, since public comments by officials from other governments have generally been limited to expressions of concern about the violence that echo those of India's own leaders.
While the haughty Mr. Juppé ''managed to turn everybody off in a remarkably short space of time,'' Mr. Heisbourg said, Mr. Raffarin has ''made modesty his buzzword.''
With one out, he loaded the bases on a single and two walks.
For income tax purposes, when he uses the corporate jet for personal reasons he must pay income taxes not on the cost of the flight, but on the rough equivalent of coach fare, Mr. Sheffer said.
These are the agency's main recommendations: *Vaccinated people should not donate blood until the vaccination scab has fallen off spontaneously, or for 21 days after vaccination, whichever is later.
Yet this is a Los Angeles movie, which means that the possibility of self-transformation, with the assistance of a 12-step program or Deepak Chopra, is always just around the corner.
The latest developments come five weeks after the peace process in Colombia was brought back from the brink of collapse.
And Mr. Volpe himself said during a brief interview at the first intermission: ''He is very ill.
The Angels started Lackey on three days' rest only because Ramon Ortiz had tendinitis in his right wrist, but Lackey looked cool and comfortable.
''Nice opening,'' the teacher writes in the margin; for him, this is still business.
''From David to Cézanne'' has been selected and installed sensitively, if a bit densely, by Cara Dufour Denison, the Morgan's curator of drawings and prints.
Because both Ms. Brakni and the entire production won accolades from French theater critics and continue to draw full houses at the Comédie Française, ''Ruy Blas'' is expected to return in repertory next season.
The protective effects against dementia disappeared with higher levels of drinking, they found.
THE take-no-prisoners school of comedy has no place in his psyche.
Paul D. Whitmore, a minister of the United Church of Christ, performed the ceremony at the Southport Congregational Church.
''Politically, we are opposites,'' said Mr. Gold, a liberal Democrat.
''They wanted to call attention to their situation by killing someone in the cast.''
Harvey Kushner, an expert on terrorism who heads the criminal justice department at Long Island University, said the names should have been removed from the database regardless of how harmless the agency considered the information.
He said that many judges were acting on their own to immediately jail defendants convicted of violent crimes.
Except for the sketchy, doll-like people populating his scenes, he gave everything -- natural topography, buildings, sky and clouds -- a palpable realism.
''Our ship,'' he writes, ''the R.R.S.
They talked daily for weeks before their first date (they had ''met'' through a singles Web site).
The job became tougher when the Nets pulled away for the second straight game.
He says these things to get under Summitt's skin, to prick Tennessee's historical dominance.
When it does, you are pushed to the ground, and soon everything gets dark.
He hit it and three others, and they were enough to push Penn State to 4-1 and the No.
But Mike Kelley's 11th solo show here could use a revival of golden oldies -- for example, his colorful conglomeration of discarded afghans and stuffed animals.
When Stop and Shop bought the store, many of us shoppers were skeptical, but they promised there would be no changes.
Department of Children and Families officials say that they have no record of any of those visits and that the girl's caseworker had not approved her removal from the grandmother's home.
We do not know where he is or how to get ahold of him.''
In the microscopic, cellular world of human tissue biopsies -- the realm of the pathologist -- growth patterns, form, changes in color and variations in texture rule.
These confrontations are ugly scenes.
Women accounted for 1.2 million of the 2.5 million deaths from AIDS in the world this year.
From the mid-1980's until around 1996, when he got off the streets, Mr. Cuffie was a fixture on the Bowery and around Cooper Square in the East Village.
For example, nearly 90 percent of part-time workers and small-business employees, and more than 60 percent of Hispanics, have no employer-based pensions.
The freshwater spring pumps out about 70 million gallons of 72-degree water every day.
He was not captured until Aug. 10.
Mr. Rawls, he said, had ''a childlike innocence about the ways of the world.''
Upon completion, First Indiana will have about $2.3 billion in assets and 33 offices in central Indiana.
The black matte finish gives the pots a cast-iron look, but heavy enamel actually covers the cast iron.
The United States, Malaysia and Singapore have been urging Indonesia to crack down on Jemaah Islamiyah, a group that is believed to have ties to Al Qaeda and is said to be seeking to set up an Islamic state in Southeast Asia.
Connecticut Light and Power Company operates 3,100 miles of transmission lines and 530 substations to serve 1.1 million customers.
Mr. Condit was defeated for re-election.
''It was great that we won the game here at the Whittemore Center where we've done so well and with the fan support that we get,'' New Hampshire Coach DICK UMILE said.
Pamela Paul, the author of ''The Starter Marriage and the Future of Matrimony'' (Villard, 2002), said the Bloombergs' 1993 divorce could have spilled over into the kind of public acrimony that would have haunted the mayor-to-be.
His current company, the Trellix Corporation, founded in 1995, produces and sells software that allows small businesses to build and operate their own Web sites.
Aware that such a provision might set off a rush by individuals to open such accounts, and to defray the costs of the guarantee, lawmakers returned to the drawing board.
'Forbidden Broadway'' by Gerard Alessandrini.
But NBC backed away from the deal anyway.
The new memorandum was sent on Tuesday afternoon.
He said he had told another official, ''I don't expect to seek a fourth term.''
Evaluation / Assessment: Students will be evaluated based on participation in class discussion, participation in writing exercises, thoughtful peer editing, and creative and well thought out formal and informal paragraphs on “proper” English.
The really good news is that Sheri and I have a prior commitment -- to not being committed.
But the Tigers lost five of their next seven games, including an 80-74 defeat to Houston that knocked them out of the Conference USA tournament.
''Weekenders want to walk to everything.
The office in question is the department's Environmental Management Program, formed in 1989 to clean up the radioactive waste left from cold war nuclear development programs at 114 sites nationwide.
That way, Clemens could get some time off to rest his leg, perhaps as much as 13 days, depending on when he makes his first start after the break.
The book jacket said the name on the title page, Monte Carpenter, was a pseudonym.
I haven't seen the billboard.
Additional electric lines are being installed in the northern section of the city, where residents intermittently lost power after several circuits failed during a hot spell in August.
She buys the certificates mainly from Amazon.com or Barnes & Noble.
At GGK New York, an agency long ago merged out of existence, Wolf Rogosky told me the company had a responsibility to improve the life style of its employees.
She said, ''Nothing could be worse for workers who want to keep their jobs than to increase taxes at a time when our economy, we hope, is just beginning to recover.''
''It has happened over years and years.''
''Even though cars pollute less today, we're driving them farther and more often,'' he said.
The season finale was scheduled for 2 p.m. on Saturday, with Roosevelt's Rough Riders at home versus the visiting Seahawks from Cold Spring Harbor.
This intimate sense of connection to musical spirits long gone is, of course, present not only in Ms. Wurlitzer's family stories, but in the collection itself.
What unites the group is a love of the music, which includes popular melodies like ''I Dreamt I Dwelt in Marble Halls,'' ''The Moon Has Raised Her Lamp Above'' and ''In Happy Moments,'' all drawn from three separate operas written by two Irishmen and one Dublin-based German-born composer, all of which had their premieres in London in the middle of the 19th century.
Someone was murdered every four or five hours.
Are not both believers and secularists affected by the realization ''that other people, equally intelligent, often equally good and dedicated, disagree with them''?
But David A. Martin, a University of Virginia law professor who is a former general counsel for the immigration service, said lawyers for the agency would probably argue that international law does not require special consideration of the interests of children in making deportation decisions.
Director, GEC/Marconi, 1981-1988; director of Bellwing Property, 1988-1989; publishing director, Jane's Information Group, 1989-1992.
Treated this way, lobster meat can be kept refrigerated for as long as several hours, until just before serving time.
At Kentucky, where every basketball season is a potential catastrophe, the issue is whether the head coach, Tubby Smith, has control of the program.
Crossword E12 TV Listings E13 Public Lives B2 Weather D8
It was a good business, Ms.
The 93X stunned American designers when it showed up in Detroit in January.
Mr. Milosevic, who cross-examined K-41, repeatedly challenged the soldier's account in exchanges angering both men.
AOL's shares opened trading in 2000 at $76, more than double their current level.
We are profoundly saddened to announce the death of our colleague, distinguished professor Melvin Lax, 80, at his home in Summit, N.J. on December 8.
Internet cafes are opening up in every city I have visited here and abroad, and access is available to anyone who has money to pay for it.
on J&N Records, one of the largest producers of bachata recordings, is distributed by Sony Discos, the conglomerate's Latin music subsidiary.
Several other European countries have already relaxed their drug laws.
''I won't be in his way,'' General Pavkovic said at a news conference at a military compound in a Belgrade suburb.
I referred my wife to a surgeon who had had several suits, and he is extremely competent.
The magazine also quoted Tony Ferrugia, an A. G. Edwards analyst, on Mr. Sullivan: ''Not every CFO is cut out of that mold.''
''Talks are being conducted, but I have nothing to report about what stage they are in,'' Mr. Lipponen said in an interview with the Finnish YLE radio.
Many Democratic leaders, noting the closeness of the loss and the narrow margin in what is about to become a Republican-controlled Senate, argued that the party's defeat was more cyclical than cataclysmic.
In the United States, Europe and Japan, Morgan Stanley's ratings will be relative to the analyst's coverage universe, rather than to the broad market, the firm said.
At the other end are companies like Glatt Plagiarism Services in Chicago, which draw on techniques from cognitive theory to verify authorship.
www.kathaumixw.org MONTREAL CHAMBER MUSIC FESTIVAL -- (514-489-7444).
He added that Mr. Hevesi ''didn't just transfer dollars from his mayoral campaign, he transferred the questions that dubious contributors raised about the integrity of that campaign.''
He did, waving his arms before walking down the tunnel, slapping hands with fans.
At least I would be able to see the action.
White, who has a strained rib-cage muscle, will throw on Monday.
The video game, developed by Zipper Interactive for Sony, is part of a wave of war-themed titles whose creators are increasingly turning to flesh-and-blood soldiers for help -- not only to make digital warfare look and sound as convincing as technically possible, but also to make it unfold like the real thing.
''Everybody's ready at the starting line and we're just holding our pose,'' said Ken Mitchell, vice president for transportation at the Inuvialuit Development Corporation, a local venture capital firm that has invested in seismic research and drilling and is a unit of the Inuvialuit Regional Corporation, a business and public interest group owned and operated by Inuvialuit Indians.
Vivendi's market value is now barely one-fifth of what it was at the beginning of the year.
Two of them -- his chief strategist, Roger Stone, and Steve Pigeon, a former Erie County Democratic chairman and friend -- were overheard in a terse exchange in an elevator after a debate on WNBC-TV between Mr. Golisano and H. Carl McCall, the Democratic nominee.
They warned that the tensions between the civilian politicians and military and the concentration of power in a single branch of government -- factors that make Pakistani politics so unstable -- are likely to remain.
His response: ''I had you twice already and do not want to be told how to drive my cab.
Throughout the day, Mr. Zohar stays in contact with his wife, Daniela, by cellphone, and she immediately calls him if she hears of an attack in town, to make sure he is safe.
Her children were not informed where their mother had been taken.
The Office of Emergency Management urged residents and businesses to limit their use of ''nonessential'' appliances and electronic equipment.
Once again we ate on the terrace, making choices from a buffet set up in the dining room, with ham sandwiches, several kinds of salad, and cheesecake.
It was just a slide into second base.
The Board of Directors, Staff and Members of Bronx House mourn the passing of Suzanne Usdan, beloved mother of our Treasurer, John Usdan.
Mr. Engel began by scanning daily prayers and blessings after meals -- things that observant Jews usually carry on laminated paper in their wallets -- into a Palm-compatible format and posting them on the Web.
In Bermuda it has just three employees.
Mr. Wynter observes that ''black Americans have been central to the invention of American cultural identity since the country was founded,'' in part because the young nation ''had no clear Euro-American culture of its own.''
''Money is history you can hold in your hand,'' said Steve Bobbitt, with the American Numismatic Association, the world's largest educational association for coin collectors.
services is misleading, Ms. Minow said.
But despite heavy lobbying by Mr. Ebbers and other WorldCom executives, in June 2000 the Justice Department scuttled the deal, arguing that the combination threatened competition for long distance.
Months later, she said, she has cigar-size areas of discoloration.
Days before, she had had a routine colonoscopy, and now the doctor was asking her if her face was turning bright red, and if she was sweating uncontrollably.
The declaration appeared to have caught many Israeli ministers and military officials by surprise, and no more has been heard of it.
The number of foreign tourists in New York this year is expected to increase only marginally, by fewer than 1 percent.
With the men of one regiment facing a different direction from the others, he told them that at the command ''Right face!''
officials today portrayed Mr. Watson's departure as a blow to the bureau.
''After 9/11, tourism went down by about 40 percent,'' he said.
Under the terms of deal, shareholders of Elantec will get 1.24 shares of Intersil plus $8 in cash -- the equivalent of $53.45 -- for each share they own in Elantec.
A1 Smallpox Vaccine Fears Leading medical groups are urging caution in the use of smallpox vaccine, particularly if no cases of the disease occur.
She said ''privatization'' meant taking all the money now in the system and putting it in the stock market, a plan that neither President Bush nor other backers of ways to get a higher return on Social Security taxes have proposed.
Clear Channel, which owns 1,230 stations and is present in 90 percent of the nation's radio markets, already uses voice-tracking in every one of its 255 markets except New York.
''Only two days ago, I saw the news that they are trying to get the cow declared a national animal,'' lamented Mr. Jha, a Hindu who says he is a vegetarian purely for health reasons.
A veteran police detective driving to work was critically injured yesterday when a steel plate cut through her windshield and struck her in the head, officials said.
The city's Independent Budget Office reported last week that welfare rolls grew by several thousand in October and November for first time in six years, and predicted that they would continue to rise for the next several months.
In lieu of flowers, remembrances may be made to Temple Ohabei Shalom.
Her journey from Seaside to Oakland yesterday was longer and a lot more complicated than it might seem.
''Nobody could tell me where he was,'' Captain Swithers said in an oral history.
A ponderous way to begin a tale for children?
Helping Big Brothers APRIL 22 -- A dinner at the Waldorf-Astoria will aid the mentoring programs of Big Brothers Big Sisters of New York City.
Since Dr. Robert C. Atkins published ''Diet Revolution'' in 1972, his low-carbohydrate, high-protein, fat-friendly program and its cousins (among them the Zone, Stillman, Sugar Busters and Protein Power) have come in and out of fashion.
While demonstrations that have drawn thousands have indeed been little problem for the police in the past, as Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani told the conference organizers in the fall, the police this time could face protests that are more sophisticated -- and more violent -- than in recent years.
Vast numbers of transplants were conservative Republicans who found places like Colorado Springs and Phoenix, even Las Vegas, less crowded and safer than communities they had left.
At the same time, Ms. Berger said, contractors who are hired to carry out a decorator's suggestions probably can file a mechanic's lien if not paid for their services.
By the end of this 70-minute show, what has become painfully evident is the quality of a life that Palestinians have come to accept as normal.
Two of the women had retired from prominent banking positions in New York, and as one put it, ''I shop and I work out.''
Pettitte pitched through the discomfort, on Andrews's advice, and eventually the elbow felt fine.
Like most writers, I have a hermit's streak, and the notion of membership in anything sounds like a trick.
Room rates range from $40 for a single to $85 for an air-conditioned double.
The scariest dude in the restaurant world turns out to be a pleasant, mild-mannered tourist who is enthusiastic about Tokyo and loves the food.
By this past March she got a court order of protection against her husband.
The public anger over the plight of Enron employees who had loaded their 401(k) retirement accounts with the company's stock at the urging of top executives fueled much of the anger against Enron's leaders and, by extension, Enron's advisers at Andersen, which audited the company's books.
The Food and Drug Administration has approved hormone therapy to prevent osteoporosis, but not to treat it.
He finds that they offer better growth prospects in relation to their share prices than American equivalents like Procter & Gamble and Gillette.
The Reds, who have been in first in the N.L.
''I'm 29 years old, have no wife and no responsibilities except for Miss Marple,'' he said of his cat, named in tribute to Agatha Christie.
(No one hooted or whistled.
In my hand was the museum brochure that listed the accomplishments of Lara's life -- alongside the names of his eight wives.
Asked today whether he would win a battle with Congress on the Crusader, Mr. Rumsfeld predicted victory.
The two vehicles were said to have passed freely through three military checkpoints on a major highway in Grozny, then negotiated a military guardpost on the road to the government complex without problems.
isn't the overarching reason the Looney Tunes star is scarce on the channel (not banned, it insists); rather, Speedy shorts don't make the rotation because they simply aren't a ratings winner among the channel's vast archive of more than 8,500 cartoons.
Mr. Torres would not divulge exact figures for his Valentine's Day sales or the year, but he said Valentine's sales were double those of 2001, when the store had just opened.
(The nearby Riverfront State Park does not compensate for these liabilities, some people say, because it sits on top of the sewage plant.)
He is survived by three children, Marshall, Lenore and Carolyn, six grandchildren and a brother, Irving.
Claudio Reyna was shifted to the right wing, where he would have more room to operate, and where he could disrupt the crossing passes that Mexico frequently launched into the penalty area.
Not knowing whether the firefighter had survived the attack on the World Trade Center, she took the photograph to his firehouse, Engine Company 14, two weeks later.
Because a user's blood pressure is elevated for up to 72 hours, the risk of small-scale strokes or heart attacks increases tenfold.
For AT&T, the problem is that it would have to assume the risk of selling the shares at a time when cable stocks are slumping.
1 Contemporary Art Center in Long Island City, Queens, is one of those rare occasions when the usually hyperbolic term ''landmark exhibition'' is not an overstatement.
At 5:30 last Tuesday evening, the restaurant was already half full, with many patrons in sweatshirts, even matching sweatshirts, undaunted at dropping at least $100 a head.
It's very much done on a song-by-song basis.''
May the family be comforted among the mourners of Zion and Jerusalem.
''If it's a financial issue,'' I said, embarrassing us both, ''we have resources.''
She is one of the people who just brings you in.''
The court ruled 4 to 3 that the commission had not complied with state law that prohibits division of counties and cities within districts.
Rafeek Alli, 40, whose wife, Safra, picked the boy up from Public School 62 each day and watched him until his mother came home, said he was ''a sweet boy.''
It has been 20 years since a curly-haired youngster named Mark Morris first performed at the Pillow.
Endorsed by the state party leadership, Mr. Casey is running strong in much of the socially conservative, rural and industrial heartland.
The caravels, the lateen-sailed ships that took the Portuguese around the world 500 years ago, are lying out in the river alongside Iraqi tankers.
Some of the funds' recent divergence from the S.& P. 500 reflects the markets rather than a management shift, said William Danoff, manager of the $31.2 billion Contrafund, which was down 3.7 percent for the quarter.
Not only have changes taken place in where people shop, but also in when they shop.
Many of the nation's 100,000 residents complain that they now work 100 or more hours a week.
All they can agree on as a community is what they want to destroy, not what they want to build.
Laurence McQuillan, a veteran White House correspondent for USA Today, said, ''From a reporter's standpoint, they make the Clinton White House seem like a sieve that was gushing information.''
The Standard & Poor's 500-stock index fell 24.15 points, or 2.5 percent, to 952.83, and the Nasdaq composite index lost 24.49 points, or 1.7 percent, to 1,381.12.
He also said that Mr. Blumenthal's characterization of the trash agency's deal with Enron as a ''prepay'' was incorrect, and that Enron had simply bought out the trash agency's contract with a local electric utility.
After a 10-1 start to the season, Ishii, the former Yakult Swallows star, lost four of five starts before the victory over the Diamondbacks.
Last year the country saw 66 cases and nine deaths.
Not, of course, that anything untoward is happening; the most elaborate inducements are usually souvenir books or cast albums.
But as the government makes its policy changes, the usually confident people of Singapore, given more to hard work than introspection, are asking questions.
Ordonez had three hits -- two doubles -- and Jose Valentin homered as the White Sox offense finally opened up.
Amazon's executives do acknowledge, though, that they have felt the effects of the free music services.
Miami (24-6) and Pittsburgh (26-4) are hammer teams, clubs that play patiently and methodically and make their opponents sweat.
''I don't want to push him; I don't know if he has problems,'' Hadad said yesterday after his doubles loss with Grant Silcock of Australia.
The officer, Lt. Gen. Hal Moore, commanded the United States' first major ground engagement in Vietnam, the battle at Ia Drang in November 1965, which he recounted in his book, ''We Were Soldiers Once .
Those over age 50 are most at risk.
CAPTAIN: ''Can't do that, my friend.
He is among a block of unsigned first-round picks and may not agree to terms until the negotiation dominoes begin to fall and his value is established.
''My friends and I call each other tanorexic.
And the speakers are shielded to avoid disrupting magnetic media.
But other senior officials used public events today to explain why the administration believed diplomacy could work in containing North Korea while military action might be required to disarm Iraq.
The two will stop at nothing to prevent previous rulings in Paul's favor from being upheld, the frustrated claimant contends.
Cottrell and Edwards both guessed that players, wound up by the excitement and the anxiety of the New England game, were pressing to make plays that were not their responsibility.
He said: ''I went to New Jersey, where they had some of the biggest problems.
After an inaugural season in which they set an attendance record for the Class A New York-Penn League and won a share of the league championship, the Brooklyn Cyclones have sold 97 percent of the tickets for their second season.
The Perlman program was created eight years ago by Toby Perlman as a humane counterpoint to her own often painful violin childhood.
When Yankees pitcher Roger Clemens was due to make his first plate appearance at Shea since he chucked a broken bat at Piazza during the 2000 World Series, Piazza refused to share in the outrage.
''That's when it's going to be.''
But in this case, where I saw change for the worse, Edward sensed opportunity.
A survey of ''the dark side of the all-American meal.''
No one came after we did.
Judge Joan A. Lenard of Federal District Court concluded in February that the government had legitimate reasons for keeping Mr. Najjar behind bars for at least six months while trying to deport him.
courts, imbed a tiny camera, then let ESPN viewers imagine they're in the league's new Big and Tall Studio.
SAT questions are reviewed for Eurocentrism, too.
THE BASICS Visiting Ann Arbor Ann Arbor is 45 miles west of Detroit and 35 miles north of the Ohio state line.
''Cuba Diaries'' can be a little too free-form, but it's always striking -- above all, as a testament to the human capacity to endure and even flourish under terrible conditions.
Following are excerpts from the inaugural address of the new Nassau County executive, Thomas R. Suozzi.
On Dec. 21, President Bill Clinton signed his last bill, an omnibus spending measure, which contained the futures bill and its exemption for energy trading.
Starting with Miami today, the Broadway troupe will whisk through 14 cities over the next two weeks, singing show tunes and talking up New York as a tourist attraction -- but also, more to the point, saying thank you for the support that people around the country have given the city since the attack on the World Trade Center.
Just in time for the school year, PBS is opening the gates to a playground full of bright and curious faces - some familiar, some new, some human and some not even close.
A decade ago an exhibition of mainland art at the museum would have been unacceptable to most people in what is now the Democratic Progressive Party, said Dr. Shen Fu-hsiung, a senior party official who is in Taiwan's legislature.
The state program, introduced in 1996, allows polluters that reduce emissions below federal clean air standards to reserve the unused portion of their allowance as credits.
Because of the mergers, the New York area was left with one of the lowest ratios of bank branches to its population in the country.
Extravagance in pursuit of a Kentucky Derby champion is commonplace in an industry that loves to see wealthy people trying to spend their way to racing glory.
Those with persnickety livestock can pick from alfalfa and clover for cows and horses, and cherry-anise for that obstinate sow who will not eat a bite.
''There are some people likely to come out the other end of the chute,'' he told reporters casually.
In 1967, he incorporated his own firm in New Jersey.
Part of the settlement was also allocated for diversity projects and lawyers' fees.
Investors are entitled to the best regulatory system possible.
Taking on a project that eluded two of his predecessors building an arena for the New Jersey Nets and Devils in Newark -- Gov.
Lambertville Station 11 Bridge Street, Lambertville (609) 397-8300 www.lambertvillestation.com SATISFACTORY ATMOSPHERE -- White tablecloths and carpet muffle the bustle of the tourist crowds.
Miller continued: ''There's probably a little guilt, like, Jesus, I wanted to see action so bad.
Little wonder Colorado Coach Gary Barnett has told his players that they should take the opportunity to get to know Bloom -- while they can.
Equally important, the governor has plenty of money left to spend to bring his message home.
''Life has to go on.''
For three enervating hours, I steered among the whitecaps with my left hand and pumped water out with my right.
The evidence of an economic revival, though, was anecdotal at best, built from surveys of manufacturing and technology executives and reports on the job market.
''But not many stylists can actually set hair anymore.''
This money is not spent on cold-war-style covert operations, but as elsewhere, on public programs intended to help struggling democratic political parties, legislatures and civic organizations.
The new sequencing center could be good news for makers of equipment for genetic analysis, whose sales have slowed because the human genome project is nearly finished and because many biotechnology companies are facing financial difficulties.
Williams led Syracuse with 18 points and Shumpert had 17.
The Czech National Bank, the country's central bank, has said that the koruna has risen out of line with economic fundamentals.
Jones, third out of the blocks, took the lead well before the halfway point and held on to win in 10.96 seconds.
Among those who acquired H.I.V.
23 ef Kh7 24 Re1 fg 25 Kg2 Qh4 with an early draw.
''As I began to study this, I realized that these things had to be destroyed to give one an opportunity to move to a higher stage,'' he said in an interview with The Los Angeles Times in 1992.
Before he entered kindergarten, his mother moved the family to Harlem, where Mason had a childhood of petty fights, hip-hop and basketball, with only passing contact with the church.
Why would Arabs agree to such an undertaking?
she asked, referring to her distant relatives.
In a debate on the proposals before the largely powerless European Parliament, Mr. Fischler insisted that only ''a complete facelift'' could give credibility to the common agricultural policy.
We knew this was big.
Twenty thousand dollars rode on that bet, and Mr. DeSena spent it on a 1999 Ducati 748 motorcycle.
But these successes come at a cost to society.
After three days of meetings in Zimbabwe, the State Department's top human rights official said today that he had made no progress in persuading the government of President Robert Mugabe to improve conditions for elections and halt intimidation of the opposition.
As a digital artist in China, Mr. Feng is a large carp in a tiny pond.
Last week Mr. Girardet, who is now 66, happily came to the United States to cook dinner on Saturday night in honor of the 15th anniversary of Charlie Trotter's restaurant, in Chicago.
The Salon Media Group, publisher of the online magazine Salon, has introduced a service that allows users to publish their own Weblogs.
Gonzalez homered in the fourth inning, and that was enough to give the Diamondbacks a split of the four-game series, moving them two and a half games ahead of the Giants in the National League West.
Under the plan, which the airlines approved Thursday, the government would continue to provide subsidized coverage for especially large losses.
audits 1 in 47 filers who claim the earned-income tax credit, a program for low-paid workers, but only 1 in 145 taxpayers who earn more than $100,000 a year, and just 1 in 400 partnerships, a tax category used by many of the nation's wealthiest filers, and one especially prone to abuse.
The Phillies, who finished two games behind Atlanta in the N.L.
He had cancer when he was 40.
Sensing that something was up, the other flyrod guides eased into the feeding fish.
But there was no compelling new evidence.
The small holes they live in collect varying amounts of rain water, which affects the volume and depth of the air column within.
Mr. Bush's team is clearly concerned that Iraq will use the prospect of weapons inspections to ease pressure, and the White House responded that Iraq has made similar promises many times before.
Hours: Tuesdays through Sundays, 10 a.m. to 6 p.m.; Fridays, 10 a.m. to 8 p.m.
I hate to condemn a colleague this way, but our tax dollars are going to pay an indolent New York journalist for not growing wheat on the West Coast.
AGASSI WINS 15th MASTERS TITLE: Andre Agassi claimed his record 15th Masters Series title when Jiri Novak pulled out of the Madrid final with a groin injury.
Colonel King said it was the first such incident that he knew of since American soldiers arrived in Afghanistan late last year.
In 1940, Mr. Hampton formed his own big band.
Investigators in that inquiry, led by Billy Tauzin, Republican of Louisiana, and James C. Greenwood, Republican of Pennsylvania, today received several boxes of documents from WorldCom that are beginning to be examined.
Nor would these husbands really want to be stay-at-home dads.
The top two teams in the final B.C.S.
He had to accept some help -- if he could even find it.
From Florence, buses run every day but Sunday, and the trip takes two hours.
''You make it modern by revealing yourself, not with embellishments,'' she said.
''Now, that twofold increase is not to be taken lightly,'' Dr. Hetherington said.
''It means they are not guilty, they are not criminals,'' said Hajji Abdul Qadir, a village elder who had spent all week negotiating the release.
Though Congress is preparing to take up the subject in coming weeks, there is considerable doubt that substantive change will come out of the Enron collapse.
Always looking forward, Madame in 1958 founded and, most important, financed the Ganna Walska Lotusland Foundation to oversee the operation after her death.
You can actually find a seat in front of the Pantheon or an unoccupied cobblestone near the Trevi Fountain, and the brisk autumn chill offers one more reason to indulge in a second, or third, cappuccino.
''Sprawl's been criticized for decades, from social critics dating back to the 1920's to the 1950's when suburban development really took off,'' said Don Chen, director of Smart Growth America, a nonprofit advocacy group.
Old-fashioned trams rumble along the streets, but they pass strikingly modern skyscrapers, while restaurants with globally ethnic menus attract crowds of happy diners.
Now, they change all the time.
Many Pentagon officials support the Iraqi National Congress's ambitions to create a provisional government that could form the nucleus of a new government in Baghdad once Mr. Hussein falls.
''The federal rules don't allow us to deal with the medical aspect of mammography,'' he says, adding, ''We are trying to work between the lines.''
The couple are about to enter their final year of rabbinical studies, the bride at the Jewish Theological Seminary of America in New York and the bridegroom at the University of Judaism in Los Angeles, where he also received a master's degree in rabbinical studies.
For students in their late teens and early 20's, he said, there are social demands that make traditional high school difficult.
Practically deaf, he just couldn't stop grinning.
A kimono, ''You-I, You-I,'' features florid parachutes.
The Revolution's late run to the postseason (they eliminated the MetroStars in the last game of the regular season) has been sparked by the play of TAYLOR TWELLMAN (25 goals in 31 games) and goalkeeper ADIN BROWN.
Na6 became unglued after 29 ba Ra5 (29 .
They face up to five years in prison and fines of $250,000 on each of the two counts against them.
Doing so would violate the country's sovereignty, though, and that's one thing the W.T.O.
''You know, I'm sitting here watching all this stuff about him, and, really, during that time he was just the hardest working guy I ever met,'' said Leo Dudley, a former Marine who lived nearby.
Others require approval by individual companies and corporate executives, lawmakers, the United States Sentencing Commission and stock market directors.
Last year, Japan cut its foreign aid by 10.3 percent.
Other collectors -- in Japan, for instance, where Buddhist art from Afghanistan found a ready market -- may also eventually return some artifacts.
Hubie is nearly 70 years old.
''There was this build within that culture, within that generation, in the days just before release that no tracking could tell you.''
At Bryant Park and Madison Square Garden, wondrous creatures, so perfectly evolved as to be almost caricatures of their kind, are put on display.
With their labor contracts broken, these companies would be freed of their legacy costs, allowing buyers to step in.
1 and the Cornhuskers (11-1) are ranked No.
Still, Mr. Moussaoui's associate, Hussein al-Attas, has told the authorities that Mr. Moussaoui had said it was acceptable to kill civilians who harmed Muslims.
Though they are often performed by opera companies, they are seldom presented together.
''That is the only way to avoid conflict in the region,'' he said.
so I abandoned my fantasy and continued my walk with the dog.
This battle was not so easy to win.
''It was losing millions of dollars, the ratings were declining, I didn't think the company was in tune with the women of today.
SmartList to Go works with Version 3.5 or later of the Palm OS.
The impulses sent by electrode directly into the rat's brain are more bribery than mind control.
Some clinics are missing nearly 40 percent of all cancers, studies have shown.
for $17,217, accusing the bureau of failing to pay him fully for expenses and salary after a year of work in a fraud and terrorism investigation.
Excuse me while I light the coals.
Japan's official pacifism is more than a simple policy.
The Peterborough, N.H., retreat provides room, board and a studio for painters, writers, composers, designers, filmmakers and other artists.
Due to open in 2003, it will also house central offices for film faculty (currently scattered around campus), a state-of-the-art screening room, enhanced film production facilities, more space for archive storage and a winter garden, or glassed-in lounge, where students can congregate.
Boeing wrote the vertical situation software, and many planes already have the hardware to run it.
With a reduction of $630 per student, the year started with a supply budget so meager that parents had to supply photocopier paper.
Race-day registration, $30; $20 for members; $12 for junior and senior club members.
The tape, made as part of an investigation into the boxing promoter Don King's possible ties to the mob, was broadcast last night on HBO.
''It's about instilling positive attitudes toward people who are H.I.V.-infected,'' Ms. Kgame said.
But she could face Julia Harrison, a former councilwoman, who thinks Mrs. Stavisky got to Albany the easy way.
Bennett thinks they're a good idea.
''We have never lost sight of what Frank Thomas has meant to this organization over the past 13 seasons and are pleased to have reached this agreement,'' said Jerry Reinsdorf, the owner of the White Sox.
Executives at Flag Telecom and Cable and Wireless were unavailable for comment last night.
Consciously, however, I want a prisoner to feel that he or she received the same (if not better) treatment as the patients not wearing orange jumpsuits.
Captain Hervey said he did not know any details about the test or how it had affected Dr. Stenson.
The injury was the latest setback for Cowart, who missed the last four games of the 1999 season with a sprained left ankle, then tore his right Achilles' tendon in the 2001 season opener with the Buffalo Bills.
They are pushing for the government to pick up security costs, as well as costs related to terrorism insurance.
Many safety advocates say the government needs to be much more aggressive in updating its crash tests and its minimum performance standards.
Palestinians then perfected global terrorism, beginning in 1968 at the very outset of the Israeli occupation, by blowing up commercial airliners, murdering Olympic athletes and diplomats and schoolchildren.
Most visitors who stay in the center of the boom town of Cabo San Lucas simply use it as a base for sport fishing and golfing.
These images are plainly presented as frauds -- the spirit photographs are all fake, the accidents are staged -- yet they are frauds that can literally kill and, in fact, it is their very fraudulence that makes them so dangerous.
The '98 Cupola, Bedell's fourth edition of this super-premium wine, is on sale at Corey Creek, its sister winery, in Southold.
events in 1963, but with 13 worldwide victories, Sorenstam would let historians argue if her season was better than Wright's.
And with this performance of the Beethoven, he became the first Philharmonic conductor to use the hall's new supertitle system, which will be used from now on for all works with texts.
''When he talks, he draws you in to listen to him.
Nothing to make Jackson fussy, just another minor early-season inconvenience.
For example, there has been a 50 percent increase in participation in services and classes at the mosque.
Those deaths created distinctive forms of grief: traumatized, uncomprehending, unrelentingly public.
Primeau drilled in the short shot.
In the letter, President Bush wrote, ''The German and American people have ties that date back to the establishment of our nation.''
His professional opportunity came, he said, when he was at a wedding and his wife, a schoolteacher, turned to him and said: ''This food is terrible.
Benchmarks: Knows factors that can impact the Earth’s climate; Knows the processes involved in the water cycle (CTSS – ‘science’, ‘6-8’, ‘1’) Science Standard 15- Understands the nature of scientific inquiry.
The patents have been licensed to Keraplast, a privately financed start-up company in San Antonio.
Nonshelter dogs and their owners are barred at that time to avoid injury, lawsuits and contact with unvaccinated dogs.
The loss narrowed to 746 million kronor ($72.2 million), from 801 million kronor ($77.5 million) a year earlier.
But there will also be plenty of comers (Evisu, Buddhist Punk, Mister Blister), labels now only familiar to fashionable skate rats.
Dr. Edward O. Wilson is one example.
''In an instance like this, with Peter Troy, we didn't have the information,'' he said.
JANIKOWSKI HEADED TO COURT: Oakland Raiders kicker Sebastian Janikowski, a two-time all-American at Florida State, has a June 18 appearance scheduled in a Florida court on a reckless driving charge.
The program, presented on Saturday night as part of the American Living Room series at the Here Arts Center in the South Village, was an unalloyed delight.
The earlier machine was designed around the cathode-ray tube, which Steven P. Jobs, Apple's chief executive, pronounced dead today.
The freeze of billions of dollars of savings was instituted in December to end a run on banks by nervous investors.
''One of the things you want to do is have supplemental features stand out.''
''I tell the boss, 'Why don't I just quit?'
The Mets gave Thomson (8-11) plenty of support.
A waitress, toting a cart full of plastic-wrapped meats, trumpets the virtues of Shula's Certified Angus Beef with the fervor of a halftime cheerleader.
The Bush administration had little faith that inspections would ensure Iraq's disarmament and pressed ahead for a Security Council measure that could authorize an eventual military attack against the Iraqi leader, Saddam Hussein.
He will remain with the club as its managing director of player development.
Ben Weber allowed two runs in two-thirds of an inning.
Remove fish to a serving platter.
The clubgoers, too, are participating in the recycling.
As for his father, who reared him, Thomas said, ''He's going to keep working in the mines.''
People in Ocean Hill-Brownsville often say that the schools have already made more progress under Kathy Cashin than they did in all those years of homegrown, ethnically correct leadership.
Maybe he once looked magical to his daughters, Elana and Aliza, but Dr. Waksal has revealed himself as human and deeply flawed.
But in a news conference, Mr. Thompson repeated President Bush's strong recommendation made on Friday that the public not seek vaccination now with an older vaccine because there is no imminent danger of a bioterrorist attack.
It was made unto jazz men, holy rollers and Washington politicians.
I have a lot of other interests.
But there is no particular reason to think that bankruptcy court would in most respects be more secretive than state court.
In yet another section of the same display, Timmy Gozdziak was seated at a ''sports desk,'' announcing a hockey game that appeared on the television screen behind him.
Moving up the valley, they pointed out where, in August 1970, their grandparents had led their neighbors in Iceland's first act of environmental sabotage, dynamiting a hydroelectric dam that would have flooded the adjoining valley.
That may sound like a lot of little dots of light packed into an area the size of a fingernail, but in relative terms that level of resolution is about on par with a cheap single-use snapshot camera.
Without any starting position players on the field, the Mets' failure of 2002 faded from view with a 6-1 victory over the Braves.
''There is going to be confusion about what the Cadillac brand stands for.''
I now got more done, but it was still difficult.
THE 102nd Street Transverse is a thick, sensible S-curve among the squiggles on a map of Central Park.
In fact, because of the way it turns ''The Sound of Music'' and everything it stands for inside out, ''Dancer in the Dark'' could be seen as an act of savage deconstruction.
This episode has two chases.
moved recently it was to the building next door to the F.B.I.
''Based on the momentum we have as a company, the quality and quantity of dollars we're bringing in, I think that's the case,'' she said, noting that the site's advertisers include Allstate and AT&T.
With America the lone superpower, they are ever prickly over any hint that the United States is ignoring their views or assuming, as one German official said, ''that we are Euro wimps'' when it comes to the use of force.
They leave office and begin booking golf dates or plan overdue vacations.
''One of our priorities is to assist states in creating and strengthening national regulatory infrastructures to ensure that these radioactive sources are appropriately regulated and adequately secured at all times.''
Sir Michael took no notice of the eyes studying him around the crowded restaurant, instead chatting happily and almost nonstop about everything from acting to dining to his experiences filming ''Quiet American'' in Vietnam.
Whitey Eckstein reminds his son David to go to Mass the next morning, and the dutiful son assures his father that he will.
Ms. Ellerbee summarizes, ''If we're saying that gay people deserve tolerance and respect, we're also saying that people are entitled to their own opinions.''
NBC is hoping that ''American Dreams'' will appeal not just to baby boomers who wore mini-skirts and ''make love, not war'' buttons but to a younger generation who will get hooked on Meg and JJ and the 60's soundtrack.
Peacoats looked girlishly original affixed with three-quarter sleeves, one of them finished with sheer knit from elbow to wrist.
We hear endlessly about physician stereotypes at the far other end of the spectrum: the cold, science-obsessed automatons who know the facts inside out, but have yet to learn basic rules of courtesy, let alone some compassion for the aching flesh that keeps them solvent.
PAST POSITIONS -- Chief economist of the World Bank; chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers.
Under a plan to produce 6,000 small Hyundai cars called Elantras by next year, Mr. Mataga's company, which is controlled by the Nissho Iwai Corporation, a large Japanese trading company, will create about 1,000 jobs in the state of Anzoátegui.
Next to Mr. Clinton was the author and Nobel Peace Prize winner Elie Wiesel, who said that he had never been a former president and that there was no such thing as a ''former writer.''
Ms. Tucker said she did not know how or where the Bushes' cards were mailed, but at least a few that arrived in the Washington area on Saturday bore Dec. 3 postmarks from Crawford, Tex., the one-stoplight town seven miles from Mr. Bush's 1,600-acre ranch.
He said the spread of missile technology was also alarming the Bush administration, which had compiled a list of suspect activities by companies from ''at least a dozen nations.''
''Honey,'' written by his sister, Elia Solás, is a sentimental ode to family reconciliation between Cubans and Cuban-Americans.
Also in the interview today, Marshal Fahim forcefully rebutted suggestions made by some Afghan officials that he himself might have conspired in the killing of Hajji Qadir.
Following bridesmaids and ushers, Peggy and her father walked up the aisle.
Wells applied his knowledge with an approach that took advantage of the cold air.
''Sooner or later, someone is going to have to say this team is for real and start to recognize that,'' Hocking said.
It's a real Mom store, Mom and Pop having split up years ago.
Once when a crush appeared around his dad he seemed almost scared.
Spurned and scorned in New Orleans, Williams saw that Wannstedt wanted to use that group to help build a bridge of acceptance and trust for Williams throughout the team.
That morning, Mr. Hill had gone to his polling place near the World Trade Center and, seeing a long line, decided he would return to vote in the evening.
Today's number is an unbelievable $100 billion a year.
Through Nov. 17. INTERNATIONAL CENTER OF PHOTOGRAPHY, 1133 Avenue of the Americas, at 43rd Street, (212) 857-0000.
Christina Allen, 18, who was with her boyfriend when his '88 Jeep Cherokee was ticketed this month in a Wal-Mart parking lot in Eagan, Minn., said they both thought at first that the flier was a real parking ticket.
Invaders from Europe are sure to carry off some booty at the American Contract Bridge League's Spring Nationals here this week.
Luna, who brought his family, said he had no safety concerns, even in light of world events the past six months.
Initial reaction among gamers has been positive.
The old Luckey Platt department store, a wedding-cake of a building that once anchored the downtown but that has sat idle for 15 years, a symbol of the city's woes, will soon be in the hands of Mr. Max, who has reached an agreement with the city to take it over for $1.
''David Chang has now been caught in his own web of lies,'' Mr. Torricelli said in a written statement issued after the sentencing.
''What matters most is the issues that are important to New Yorkers, and Carl McCall is right on those issues and George Pataki is wrong,'' Mr. Greenberg said.
Kidd hit the shot, delivering a 3-pointer to push the Nets ahead for good in a 98-91 victory over the Raptors at Continental Arena.
She said a group of parents met in February with federal, state and local health officials, ''but there's still a lot of anger.''
The center-mounted instrument panel creates a focal point for the design of the car's interior, as a fireplace does in a living room.
Antoinette was a marketing consultant to Agrexco and former employee of American Airlines.
Mr. Scannell is also running TNN, MTV Networks' latest building project.
Property, Patients, Patents In the term's major federalism case, a 5-to-4 majority expanded the states' constitutional immunity beyond the courtroom to also shield states from complaints brought by private parties before federal administrative agencies.
My goggles are currently held in place with a replacement strap bought in a Speedo store at the Sydney airport with those last bits of local currency.
Vietnamese who know the countryside also confirmed her thesis of religious revival.
It is not clear whether the group of 10 had reached that elevator before it left the 41st floor but those who listened to the tape said it was most unlikely that they had enough time to escape, by the elevator or by stairs.
That is enough to make any civilized society crazy.
''Traditionally, we try to do a sporting art sale in the last week of May or first week of June, when quite a few racehorse owners and trainers are in New York,'' said Piers Davies, Christie's specialist in the genre.
3 Duke, 87-84, last night, giving the Atlantic Coast Conference title to Maryland.
The pork chop may be organic but it is tasteless, the large clams are rubbery, the slices of chorizo paltry and the broth weak.
Afghan forces, the Americans reasoned, were also the ones who knew the multiethnic country and its rugged terrain best.
team can answer a lot more questions than Walter can.''
THE CASSETTES, MODEY LEMON, Village Underground, 130 West Third Street, Greenwich Village, (212) 777-7745.
''We're a family of sorts,'' Captain Kelty said.
Even though Zhao and his colleagues are engaged in an elaborate attempt to fool a blind person, the joke is often (and ultimately) on them, and their intentions are almost absurdly selfless.
That would have eliminated most of the savings Mr. McGreevey had sought, so the issue was tabled on Thursday.
Few Benefits in Stadium Deals Experience suggests that subsidies for sports stadiums, like those proposed in New York, yield negligible economic benefits and expand the gap between the superrich and everyone else.
But every teacher in the building is inspired by the progress so far.
As the complaint box overfloweth, Kantarian discussed some solutions yesterday.
The threat against the schools came last week, five weeks after terrorists believed to be part of Al Qaeda's network blew up a Bali nightclub, killing almost 200 Western tourists.
Today, the economy is contracting, inflation has soared to more than 100 percent and nearly a half a million people need emergency food aid.
For some, much more than the egos and bragging rights are at stake.
And $493 million in tax-free bonds have been approved to help finance major construction projects, including three residential complexes around ground zero.
It seemed like another pitchers' duel today.
But there was no talk of the options that the Clinton administration discussed in 1994, when North Korea's threat to restart the reactor and ''uncan'' nuclear waste now in storage prompted a reinforcement of American troops on the Korean Peninsula and discussion of whether it would be possible to bomb the nuclear site.
When the racist sheriff, one of two ''grown-ups'' in the cast, discovers two black ''babes'' among 12 white ones, he threatens to close the show before it opens.
Among Cyrus Vance's many legacies is a lifelong devotion to the rule of law, and a commitment to making sure that our courts operate efficiently, effectively, and above all, fairly for all citizens.
Once incarcerated on Sarah Island, ''sloe-souled, green-eyed, gap-toothed, shaggy-haired & grizzle-gutted,'' Gould sets about reinventing himself as an artist.
She testified that Mr. Chambliss, Mr. Blanton and her husband ''were all together the night the bomb was built.''
Suddenly, two weeks removed from the debacle against Chicago, thoughts of San Diego and the Super Bowl do not seem quite so preposterous.
''I am determined to do everything humanly possible to get the money back that was stolen from this state.''
''The mood in the country is for some decisive action, and the government will have to respond,'' one official said.
''We're still at a very early stage of trying to define and solidify a market bottom, and it's too early to say we're recovering,'' said Thomas M. Galvin, chief investment officer at Credit Suisse First Boston.
In a similar time frame, Cadillac sold 3,128 of the Blackwood's main competitor, the Escalade EXT.
A neighbor of a 7-year-old who was taken from her suburban bedroom here and left dead by the side of a desert road was convicted today of her murder and kidnapping, the first of several such crimes to capture attention this year.
Mr. Sharon called himself one of very few Israeli leaders strong enough to persuade his nation to make the ''painful compromises'' necessary for peace.
[South Texas farmers, who have taken their case to the State Department, blockaded the border at the Pharr international trade bridge today in protest, demanding that Mexico pay back the water.
Survived by nieces, nephews and grandchildren.
After military service he worked for Diebold and founded Garden State Business Systems (later Datamation Systems).
Few of those in the wheelchair convoys own the produce they take to market.
The preliminary development accord for the Mariscal Sucre project in northeast Venezuela was initialed on Saturday by state-run Petróleos de Venezuela, Royal Dutch/Shell and the Mitsubishi Corporation.
Congressional critics of the attorney general said the Justice Department was not really interested in the program and did not help states develop the required plans.
Shares in Target advanced $2.93, or 9.1 percent, to $35.10, on a 27 percent increase in second-quarter earnings.
In 1997, he was asked to preach at Westminster Abbey in London.
But be patient, he advised.
This summer, with ''Dog Eat Dog,'' he made sure he did not make the same mistake.
Mr. Osbourne called the two days he spent with Mr. Muhammad and Mr. Malvo largely uneventful.
Another sector that has suffered is bioinformatics, which uses computers to analyze masses of genetic data.
Out of the crumbling marble cocoon of 2 Columbus Circle, Holly Hotchner sees a new American Craft Museum emerging.
''All the dark, dead zones of the Village have disappeared, whether it was for public sex or drugs,'' said Melissa Sklarz, a transsexual who is a member of Community Board 2.
The center works with people in whose family the breadwinner has suddenly died and with retired workers who have used up their savings.
At the professor's home and that of his brother next door, 12 men, including Mr. Niazi, relatives and student lodgers, were arrested.
Mr. Duncan has told investigators he stopped shredding after Ms. Temple ordered it halted Nov. 9.
The organization, a branch of the United Nations, has long focused on Western medicine, but it is looking closely at non-Western treatments, because at least 80 percent of the people in the world's poorest countries use them.
If it's not accompanied by substantive ideas, the consultants say, a stock car with your name on it isn't a whole lot different from a few bales of hay.
Still, in many cases, doctors do not seem to be passing this information to parents and continue to recommend over-the-counter drugs.
Generous and loving, your life was a recipe for joy.
Two weeks ago, the nationalist group responded to Mr. Blair's warning that it should disband by stating that the I.R.A.
Not bad for a neophyte.
''I had this one lady pull up to the pedestrian crossing in a cab,'' he recalls.
The fear of terrorism has reduced the audience size for the Acre and Jaffa theaters, much as it has reduced shopping and other public activities in Israel.
Striker is the most beautiful soccer game I have ever seen.
Brian Giles hit his 30th home run for Pittsburgh.
That agency then passes the message along by electronic communications, including e-mail, to local law enforcement agencies.
And be sure to ask about procedure.
Gooden, who now works for the Yankees and did not appear in court, was arrested in February when the Tampa police said they saw him swerving while driving on an expressway.
Elton Decar, 33, a student who lives in the same building as Ms. McDermott, described an encounter in early April in which he found Ms. McDermott sitting on the stoop and crying with her elbows propped on her knees.
While the job of comic book store clerk may not seem particularly fraught with danger, Saturday's robbery was his third in 12 years of working behind the counter, he said.
And we'll talk about back in the day.''
''It's literally a day to day assessment,'' he said.
The state-owned airlines Alitalia and Air France said yesterday that each had agreed to buy a 2 percent equity stake in the other.
He is serving a 12-year sentence for a 1997 racketeering conviction.
According to Mr. Lanza and an F.B.I.
His first meeting as a commissioner is on May 17.
Another case of corporate harassment promised money.
''Kay told me she was never sure whether the girl at the table lived at the Plaza,'' he said, ''or was just in for dinner.''
He also stayed his decision until a higher court can review it.
Hester is an independent New Yorker in her 30's, a historian celebrated for her popular writing about sexual hypocrisy among the Puritans.
It was a strange journey.
The brown dwarf is orbiting the star called 15 Sge at a distance of 1.3 billion miles -- 14 times the distance between Earth and the Sun.
The rebound has allowed Mr. O'Lunney to hire people like Ms. Dowd, a short woman with hair the color of obsidian, whose uniform includes sandals with two-inch heels.
There have been two major fraud cases this year.
Awards included Leading Conservationist from the U.S. Department of Agriculture, Inner City Reading Achievement, John F. Kennedy School Service, Mayor's of Houston, Texas Association for Childhood Education's International Teaching.
The lawsuits charged that the companies had failed to install the required controls, and tentative settlements were reached last year with two big operators -- Cinergy, based in Cincinnati, and Virginian Electric Power, in Richmond -- which agreed to install costly new controls.
''We've been able to contain the violence.''
Sara Lee, the food and consumer products company, said yesterday that it would close two bakeries as it continued to cut excess production to reduce costs.
Services will be held at Boulevard Chapel at 1 P.M., August 2nd in Hewlett, New York.
It was too juicy a story for the entertainment industry to resist.
Mr. Palmer, fleet manager for Guida's Milk and Ice Cream, which deploys 115 trucks from four Connecticut locations, said the recent 44 percent increase in Connecticut's diesel fuel tax would cost his company an additional $60,000 a year and could force Guida's to raise prices within the next six months.
Cheap prints are pinned to the wall, a geranium blooms by the dusty window, a loaf of bread on a stool (next to a pair of baby's shoes) contains a secret horde of pennies.
The United States ambassador to the United Nations, John D. Negroponte, expressed the American reaction there today, calling the declaration ''an insult to our intelligence and indeed an insult to this Council.''
In response to the association's complaint, the Justice Department sent the association and the union a letter that said, ''These are serious allegations.''
The bill the Israelis said they found in Mr. Arafat's office, itemizing the cost of various terror needs, was a strong indictment of the Palestinian leadership.
Bristol, which has taken the lead in designing the clinical trials, and ImClone said yesterday that they had begun a 250-patient trial to test Erbitux alone in colon cancer patients who had failed to respond to chemotherapy.
In a big department store where some items are moving well and others aren't, HBO has been the boutique where everybody wants to shop.''
Alan Hirmes, President David Zahner, Brd Chairman Deborah Heller and Elizabeth Mayer PTA Presidium Hebrew Academy of the Five Towns & Rockaway
WINDTALKERS Directed by John Woo; written (in English and Navajo, with English subtitles) by John Rice and Joe Batteer; director of photography, Jeffrey Kimball; edited by Steven Kemper, Jeff Gullo and Tom Rolf; music by James Horner; production designer, Holger Gross; produced by Mr.
Reconstructed from 1979 to 1981, the room comes from an old house in Damascus.
The Knicks will work out three centers today, most notably Melvin Ely of Fresno State, a 6-foot-10, 260-pound senior who averaged 23.3 points, 9.1 rebounds and 3.2 blocks last season.
''This can be made to look like a scandal only because the private document was not phrased as carefully as it would have been, had it been intended for public discussion,'' he wrote in a response published by The Guardian.
But an increasing number of states have come to the conclusion that students should not be permitted to graduate from high school unless they can pass tests in the core subjects.
''They used to tear my hair out over the reactor in Iran,'' Mr. Bovin said in an interview.
Elsewhere in London, 3,000 white rose petals fluttered from the dome of St. Paul's Cathedral in memory of the Sept. 11 dead, who included 67 Britons.
How does the biographer happen to know this?
But the United States Supreme Court has made clear in considering the new sexual predator laws that a state can detain such people only for providing treatment, not for extending punishment.
She was a flight attendant, the most junior crew member on Flight 90.
OVER several visits, I have to come to love the area where Arizona, Mexico and New Mexico converge.
5 to go 1 down, missed an 18-inch putt to give away No.
Elsewhere, voters have learned skepticism from similar policies.
''This is anarchy versus democracy,'' he said in an interview.
That's about it, and, given Mr. Garvin's job, it seems about right.
Building on the achievements of recent years, he said, China would become ''a strong, prosperous, democratic and culturally advanced socialist country by the middle of this century.''
They understood our plight and were sympathetic to it.
''We have 66,000 hotel rooms, from luxury to low cost to fill any budget, 15,000 at a cost of $150 and under; the best security; unparalleled experience with large events.''
The groups advise their members to vote their shares against plans deemed not challenging enough.
Behind a dime is an expression of suspicion.
Popular though they may be, honors programs and the steep entry requirements that often accompany them, have critics.
Cabdrivers say the greatest irritants are the limousine and livery drivers who illegally pick up passengers and, the cabdrivers complain, bribe dispatchers.
The property is 6,641 square feet and has four and a half bathrooms, hardwood floors, a game room, a family room, a wine room and a library, a swimming pool and a four-car garage.
But it said it had added customers in Asia and expected sales to increase 5 percent to 6 percent in the first and second quarters.
FIRST AMONG EQUALS The Supreme Court in American Life.
Their reluctance to jump into the e-commerce fray is understandable, given how many retail executives listened to the ''first mover advantage'' talk a few years ago and damaged their offline businesses by chasing Internet start-ups.
And he called for Americans to commit 4,000 hours to volunteer work over their lifetimes.
State troopers on the Garden State Parkway issued 35 percent fewer tickets in January this year compared with a year ago.
But mammography was supposed to be different; it was, after all, the great public-health hope of the politically charged war on breast cancer.
I originally wanted to use a midwife for my pregnancy.
As to why he received only a verbal contract from Mr. Salinas, who never explained in detail where the money would go, Mr. Peralta said at the time: ''That's how I do my business.''
''We think this is a very important environmental project,'' he said, ''but it's also going to be helpful in the future for establishing good relations in the region.
Sister of deceased brothers, Joseph, Benjamin, and Jack Cook, and sister of Minnie Diamond.
Seth Lipner, a lawyer at Deutsch & Lipner in Garden City, N.Y., who represented the Merrill Lynch client who recently won $3 million, also represents about a half-dozen current or former WorldCom employees who have sued Salomon for losses of about $7 million.
All three of us watched from a safe distance as his face registered a look of mild shock when the flavors landed on his tongue.
GEORGES ROUSSE, Robert Mann, 210 11th Avenue, near 24th Street, (212) 989-7600 (through June 29).
Loving brother of Charles, Gerard and Regina.
JOSEPH NECHVATAL, Universal Concepts Unlimited, 507 West 24th Street, (212) 727-7575 (through July 3).
Tomorrow night at 8 and 10, Cary Hoffman and Stan Rubin's 11-piece Carnegie Club Orchestra, featuring music Frank Sinatra made famous in the 1950's, with the original arrangements by Nelson Riddle and Billy May.
Russia instituted a new criminal code last week that introduced habeas corpus and other fundamental concepts of justice, like the presumption of innocence.
In it he credited Mr. Whitehead with believing that it was possible for the play to be a box office success: ''Fortunately, there are producers like Robert Whitehead and his associates who are eager to face real theatrical problems because they think of them not primarily in the light of 'investments' but as objects of their love .
The firm was dismissed by the audit committee on Aug. 16.
For the growers, auctioneers, warehouse keepers and buyers at the busy auctions in Guwahati, the mood is somber.
The noise generated by all this reproductive energy can be astonishing, more of Whitman than Thoreau, with just a tad of Ginsberg -- every crawling, flying, creeping thing, singing, blatting or yawping a song of itself.
New Yorkers old enough to remember transit strikes of the past recall the scenes -- Lilliputian hordes crossing East River bridges like invading armies in the mornings and retreating like refugees in the dusk; cars scrimmaging at every intersection; hotels jammed with suburbanites instead of tourists; commuters riding roller skates; subway train yards like branching fish bones, eerily silent.
The arrest of Mr. Amrozi mid-week was based on his ownership of the Mitsubishi van that was packed with the bomb that blew up the club.
And he knows how to protect a lead.
''The man had a mouth on him,'' said William O'Shaughnessy, owner of the New Rochelle-based radio station WVOX-1460 AM, where Mr. Holmes had a talk show for many years.
His daughters Ali Lindsay and Laine Alexandra, both in New York, were his life and they loved him just as much.
But Dana and David and Dan don't have the same recognition as Tom and Peter and Dan, so for as long as the anchors stay in place the television world will probably cling to their symbolic importance.
Go buy some expensive sugar and salt.
filed civil fraud allegations against the company last week.
We had the option of asking a wrangler to accompany us on the trail or going out alone; ranch policy is to trust the judgment of guests after seeing them demonstrate their abilities on a few guided rides.
Adolescents are supposed to be self-absorbed; that's their job.
With the Chicago Bulls, one of the few teams with a worse record than the Knicks, at Madison Square Garden tonight, Chaney tried to drive his team one more time.
New York became the town in 'Footloose.'
It's an hour before ''Friends'' will begin to tape its 198th, or 20th-to-last, episode, which was shown Oct. 17.
''Particularly with emotional, character-driven material like 'Scarface' or 'Casualties of War,' '' he continued, ''where I was in a whole different world than my visual storytelling would normally take me.
Maybe it tends to soothe the savage beast.''
Quarterback Tom Brady drilled the pass low and away from the defender and Patten snatched and smothered.
Updike shares something of Keats's unembarrassable fascination with the actualities of the flesh.
The siege continued in Bethlehem outside the Church of the Nativity, where 200 gunmen have been holed up for almost two weeks.
TORONTO BLUE JAYS--Optioned INF Orlando Hudson to Syracuse of the International League.
Create a map of the continent to function as your visual aid during the forecast.
But Mr. Obasanjo chastised them for being unruly and told them he did not have to be there.
There is historical precedent -- 11 Wood winners have gone on to be blanketed with roses; seven more second- or third-place finishers have done the same.
Jessie Iverson Bowman, Bowman's mother and Iverson's aunt, said she was pleased that the most serious charges had been dropped against her nephew.
There are not many lights in the windows of houses and apartments.
Many of the rights included in it were written into Russia's new Constitution in 1993 but remain mere abstractions nearly a decade later.
WINE LIST Bring your own.
Close by is a companion show of oils and watercolors by the German-born Modernist Oscar Bluemner, who came to New York in his 20's.
In the brain, groups of neurons quickly form around a particular goal like reaching for a newspaper, then recombine for the next task, like turning the page.
One was sitting on his legs, he said, and one on each arm.
''I thought we got tentative defensively because we were in foul trouble,'' Nets Coach Byron Scott said.
''We intended to not comment on any financial dealings because of the importance of ensuring the safety of our journalists in the field,'' said a network spokeswoman, Christa Robinson.
Among entrees, I had heard raves about Mr. Kroner's horseradish-encrusted tuna.
In New York, the Security Council met this evening to form a response to the Israelis' stand.
He is not a predator.
It toasts the outside of the roll while compacting the soft, fluffy texture on the inside.
Many, anticipating a turndown, do not even ask.
The reasons for some of the increases cited by police officials and sociologists are as varied as the communities themselves.
One source is Youngblood, Ensemble Studio Theater's company of emerging playwrights under 30.
It's music that can carry through thin air.
We certainly need to continue what we've been doing, and pitching has been the main part of it.''
Harvey L. Pitt, the commission's chairman, has acknowledged through a spokesman that the administration's level of financing will not allow it to undertake important initiatives.
He returns to his jumbo S.U.V.
The theater's vast inventory of costumes and scenery was meant to be a profit center for Paper Mill, though in recent years the storage costs have exceeded the rental fees the theater was able to charge other houses.
But a late goal by Carolina's Hege Riise gave the second-place Courage a 3-2 victory at Mitchel Field and sent the Power to its sixth straight loss -- and eighth defeat in the last 10 games.
The suit says there are more than 100 examples of such falsified forms.
Later, when his group started testing minivans, he found that his Previa model did not perform well on a key measure: the stability of the vehicle's interior.
Art Spinella, president of CNW Marketing Research, summed it up as the ''I don't want to drive my father's Oldsmobile'' problem.
''If we just win in the next two, we'll go on.''
Well, the honest answer is, I haven't the slightest idea.
But Augusta National appears on a very public stage for the Masters tournament every spring, and through its exclusionary policy sends a disturbing message: women are second-class citizens in the United States in the 21st century when it comes to the links of the golf club, and by extrapolation, they are unwelcome in the corridors of power in general.
Tua is expected to fight Hasim Rahman early next year.
Backers of the law say it goes a long way toward reforming a political process long tainted by too much money from too many interests seeking too many favors.
A region 100 miles by 150 miles has been swamped by rain for a week, and 10 counties have been declared federal disaster areas.
These proposals should be opposed because they would weaken the bill.
He retreats to an 11,000-square-foot home just outside Aspen, which is called ''the cabin'' by his family.
Shortly after Jeffrey K. Skilling resigned as Enron's chief executive last August, Mr. Harrison bought $26.1 million worth of Enron stock for around $36 a share.
For some reason, the chicken trapped in the Grand Canyon (''she couldn't think of a way that a hen / could get to the top of that canyon again'') is more endearing than Humpty Dumpty's famous verse.
Mr. Mzoudi is also accused of arranging temporary housing for one of the Sept. 11 hijackers, Marwan al-Shehhi, during the last few weeks before he left for the United States, so that he could remain ''unnoticed,'' as the prosecutor's statement put it.
But with banks holding as much as 150 trillion yen ($1.25 trillion) in questionable loans, analysts say the use of taxpayer money to finance the loan collection agency is only a matter of time.
As electricity prices skyrocketed, critics accused the agency's California Energy Resources Scheduling Office of not negotiating good deals and being in over its head.
''We are desperately searching for them,'' Brig.
The opposition Grand National Party criticized the reshuffle, in which seven ministers, including the prime minister, were replaced, as having ''ignored the demands for a neutral cabinet.''
The company plans to discontinue Majestic on April 30 after disappointing sales.
He was silent for a minute.
Moreover, the societal case for televising the trial is strong.
Neither crowd compared with Friday night's happy crush.
''It's puzzling to me that anyone would take that away.''
The Daily Photo Project (www.c71123.com/daily--photo), on the other hand, eschews one moment in favor of many.
Mexico and the United States have already clashed on products like apples and sugar.
They were tremendously supportive and cooperative.''
The bottom 80 percent receive only 9 percent, or $686 million, says the Environmental Working Group, which amassed the data through a Freedom of Information request.
I don't have a TV so I looked her up.
''The Silk Road gets a lot of attention as a trade route, but we've found a wealth of evidence indicating that sea trade between Egypt and India was also important for transporting exotic cargo, and it may have even served as a link with the Far East,'' Dr. Sidebotham said.
Eventually, the money was restored.
Rick Bauer (6-4) pitched four innings of scoreless relief, retiring Torii Hunter on a grounder with a runner at third to end it after 4 hours 33 minutes.
He does not even want to joke about the help his mentor Dick Vermeil, the coach of Kansas City, can provide if the Chiefs beat Seattle on Sunday.
The women weren't the only ones to have learned something from ''Crowns.''
Jumbo shrimp would have justified the price.
When the house was built it stood in the lush farmland that supported the Santa Clara Valley economy until the high-tech and real estate booms shook the area in the 1980's.
A freeze would amount to $510,000 lost, he said.
In ''About Schmidt,'' as in ''Election'' and ''Citizen Ruth'' (the first film this director created with his screenwriting partner, Jim Taylor), the team brilliantly reconciles a double vision of American life.
Fire Commissioner Anthony Pagano said firefighters spotted the boy at the fire.
says Stephen Beditz, assistant vice president for human resources management at SUNY at Albany.
Experienced anglers will be on hand to give fishing tips to others, Saturdays and Sundays, from noon to 5 p.m. through June and the month of September; Tuesdays through Sundays, same hours, in July and August.
investigators, any more than public meetings of secular organizations should be.
''And today I ask, what the people in America are thinking about?
Other paintings seem to have been conceived as altarpiece-style meditational devices.
McNeal, a Michael Vick-like runner and passer, finished 8 of 13 for 191 yards and had 16 carries for 89 yards.
Under Mr. Malone, Liberty bought stock in many leading media companies -- including 18 percent of Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation, 20 percent of Barry Diller's USA Interactive, 4 percent of AOL Time Warner, 3 percent of Vivendi Universal and less than 1 percent of Viacom.
Sales, which covers all the costs of the program and pays the group up to $22 for laser cartridges and $2 to $4 for inkjets, depending on the model.
With 12 hammocks, 42 fans and mobile stretchers slung with plastic bladders, she conceived her island as a kind of ''Swept Away'' for hip young anesthesiologists.
''Tatyana said that when she saw that sign, she felt as if it had attacked her,'' said Rabbi Berl Lazar, a Moscow-based Lubavitcher who is one of Russia's two chief rabbis.
The 5-to-4 decision upheld the Kansas state prison system's Sexual Abuse Treatment Program, an 18-month-long rehabilitation program that has served as a model for a growing number of states in preparing convicted sex offenders for life outside prison.
What didn't exist could exist.
It's very hard midstream to say, 'O.K., we're going to change.'
Before we can understand the phenomenon more fully, we need to learn more about the social lives of marine mammals at sea.
The law program he sampled in high school is about to grow into a career and he is confident that his exposure to students of all backgrounds will only help him in the end.
In the season opener, Mr. Richter and co-workers, vying for a $3,000 bonus, try to find a minority candidate for a vacancy in the office.
Gross recalled, he and other junior employees read the news of falling stock prices with growing unease.
Holly Leicht, a co-director of Imagine New York, the largest effort so far to include the general public in discussions about the rebuilding, said the 4,000 participants in its forums were passionate about their desire to be included in the memorial discussion.
Mr. McCain and other advocates of campaign finance overhaul have expressed the hope that a new Democratic appointee on the commission would be more sympathetic to their goals.
The Bush administration, hoping to jump-start global trade negotiations, will propose a plan on Tuesday to eliminate all tariffs on industrial and consumer goods by 2015, officials said tonight.
He did not tell the fund until after the sale was completed, an oversight that inflamed already sore feelings.
At the time, leaders of both parties were trying to gain an edge in a heated State Senate contest in Rockland and Orange Counties, and could not be deterred by a petty detail like the damaging impact on the city's long-term financial health.
St. Peter's, which upset second-seeded Archbishop Molloy in the quarterfinals, closed the first quarter by drawing to 14-10, but All Hallows put the game out of reach in the second quarter.
She said other students there were ''méchants'' or mean to her, and they laughed at her constantly.
Japanese companies ordered more equipment than expected in April, a sign the slide in business spending that has restrained growth in the country may be easing.
Its sources of financing were driven further underground.
The Nets will not have Mutombo for at least three months.
When Mr. Bokaer, in Mr. Cunningham's old role, was left holding Ms. Farmer's limp body at the end, the image seemed merely staged.
Stop & Shop pharmacists will advise customers who use the painkiller of the policy, though a spokeswoman declined to say whether the chain had been a victim of the robberies.
Farther north, in the exclusive Lincoln Park neighborhood, a twin-tower apartment complex reaching 575 feet in the air has been shrunk by more than 100 feet and broadened to include three towers.
The first is a trio, with Alfred Patterson on trombone and Wadada Leo Smith on trumpet; the second is a quartet with a slightly younger crew, including the impressive Aaron Stewart on saxophone, Brad Jones on bass and Reggie Nicholson on drums.
As students are responding, make a list on the board of these “effective speech” characteristics.
The Bartow-Pell garden is small -- the flower beds could fit inside one of the house's parlors -- but the mansion is set in the middle of a network of trails along the park's waterfront.
Iran and the United States severed relations after the Islamic revolution of 1979, when hard-line students attacked the American Embassy in Tehran and took its diplomats hostage.
''Mom, this is so boring,'' a girl of about 6 grumbled.
Rose Parsonnet's chamber music legacy also survives, although like most everything else from that era, the series flourishes further west, at the Jewish Community Center of Metropolitan New Jersey.
And the Quest concept vehicle from Nissan, intended to replace the Quest minivan, is built on the architecture of the midsize Altima sedan and seems to have been influenced by the angular styles of Renault, the company's partner.
In lieu of flowers the family requests memorial contributions be made to UNICEF, 333 E 38 St, NY, NY 10016; email condolences may be sent to info@griffinfuneral.com VESELY-Ernst.
In 2001, as in most years, the service could not figure out how much money it had available and overspent by $274 million, auditors found.
In addition, acceptance of capitalism does not require acceptance of popular culture.
''Every serious study of learning disabilities and hidden disabilities has come to the conclusion that learning disabilities are actually underassessed,'' he said.
Rutgers did not win this one, as Seton Hall rolled to a 67-54 victory.
Or, as Satel might say, have they merely harnessed their free will?
Another newcomer to the Long Island market is Dave & Buster's, based in Dallas, a entertainment-and-restaurant company that has focused on the adult market.
Indeed, some shopkeepers who at first opened their doors had a change of heart after antigovernment demonstrators threw firecrackers inside their stores.
Parents may want to have a communications plan to talk to their children and their family about the significance of Sept. 11 and about the possibility that those who would do us harm may choose that date or any time around the commemorative period to do us harm again.
''He'd get on those streaks, and it didn't make any difference -- almost if he was standing on his head.''
CAPITALS 2, PANTHERS 1: Jaromir Jagr scored a shorthanded goal at 3:56 of overtime and Olaf Kolzig made 32 saves in his first game back from a wrist injury to lead host Washington.
''Part of it is post-Warhol.
''The real red line is if they start doing something with that reprocessing plant.
There are also ball fields at the three-and-a-half acre Hemlock Park and six-acre Kings Park, which also includes a basketball court, playground and two ponds.
''When you have this much color and this much gold on them, they were more expensive to produce.''
A memorandum of understanding was signed.
Mr. Cuomo denied that his trip was intended to counter the expected boost in Jewish support that his opponent, H. Carl McCall, the state comptroller, will receive from a recent endorsement by Senator Charles Schumer.
Phillips was also angry that shortstop Rey Ordóñez did not participate in a team function Saturday.
Vincent has a fine memory, and in a wonderful extended set piece he displays Giamatti working the party, probing, teasing and thoroughly charming a roomful of people he did not know.
In a statement today, Debra DeShong, Mr. Torricelli's press secretary, said: ''Audrey Yu is an admitted perjurer and a convicted felon who conspired with David Chang to tell lies and undermine the judicial system.
He was hired shortly afterwards to be the editor of The National Journal, where he is still listed at editorial director.
A document issued by the United States Consulate in London says all applicants from China, Cuba, Iran, Iraq, Libya, Russia, Somalia, Sudan and Vietnam must fill out the same form.
Pool installers -- who clearly did not want to alarm customers and see business dry up -- insisted that the regulations would not affect owners of private backyard pools, hot tubs and saunas.
They are there to assist the Qaeda operation and, if necessary, the offensive against Iraq.
That is the best performance in nearly two decades.
Ominously suggesting a fortress are the crenelated towers and walls of what had been the Squadron A Armory and now encloses the Hunter College Campus Schools.
In mid-October, a month after reaching the deal, it appears that Bristol was still waiting for the data on the trial of Erbitux alone.
One reason for this close -- probably too close -- scrutiny is that filmmakers like Mr. Stone have attempted to pass off polemical movies about politically explosive subjects as docudrama rather than as gripping stories about people who happen to be real.
All four officeholders are Democrats.
But from the beginning, the inspectors have been careful to emphasize that a readiness to comply with the procedures laid down by the new inspections mandate -- a sharp break from the record of the 1990's, when Iraq did everything possible to frustrate the inspections -- is only a first step.
Anthony had done a couple of movies that hadn't done well, and frankly I think he had resigned himself to going back to England and doing theater the rest of his life.
Our computer put the Longhorns all the way down at No.
Dr. Strohmetz emphasizes that he is a social psychologist -- ''We look at situations in real life'' -- and it certainly seems that with the chocolate he's onto something with real-life implications.
But he lacked Mr. Klein's experience in the hurly-burly of government and politics, and never had the unqualified support of the two mayors he served.
''There was one man in the audience who asked very interesting questions, but in an irritated manner,'' Mr. Cunningham recalled.
''I don't know how I will be able to pay when I have chemotherapy again later this year,'' she said.
Using their own creativity and all available resources, groups should consider their scenarios using the following guidelines (written on the board or copied in a handout for easier student access): “Your group will invent a device that will help you accomplish the mission on your card.
Trottier, an assistant coach with the Avalanche the last four seasons, interviewed with Sather in New York last weekend.
Although the government had no objection to scheduling the trial for November, Judge Ellis, who was nominated by President Ronald Reagan, ruled otherwise.
It is a natural topic to discuss, even if Leiter is one of the Mets' most indispensable players.
Many of the structure's joints are wide open, and some of the stone flags of the 1902 plaza are displaced because of erosion underneath.
''After Sept. 11, we suddenly saw what a bad situation European airlines were in,'' he said.
I am not a new woman on the social scene.
Officials said today that the American review, led by Maj. Gen. Charles C. Campbell, had been presented to Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld.
Other people learn that a steep drop in income that they initially accepted as a trade-off for a job they love ''is too much of a sacrifice,'' she said.
Instead, diocese officials investigated the allegation on their own, as was the policy at the time.
''As it was going in, I could feel myself coming together,'' Mr. Toback said.
''Now I'm getting all these calls and I'm taking it all in,'' he explained.
Now, 10 months after her gold-medal run, Clark is again at Park City Mountain Resort -- on the mountain that changed her life -- preparing for the United States Snowboarding Grand Prix, which begins tomorrow and ends Saturday.
But six lanes of roadway packed with traffic, including some toxin-spewing trucks, will continue to obstruct access to Boston's harbor even after the highway comes down.
A bowl of chicken pad Thai ($13), thick with noodles, white meat and tomatoes, jacked up by its red and poblano peppers, Thai basil and chili oil and cooled by its coconut, was an authentic, intricate mesh of flavors.
And because of growth at Exit 8A, a bus route from Trenton was recently established to help get workers to the site.
Analysts said that the company, in lowering its forecast yesterday, showed how closely its sales were tied to the global economy.
Last Monday's opinion declared that it was unlawful for the Bush administration to conduct deportation hearings in secret whenever the government asserted that the people involved might be linked to terrorism.
In order to accomplish these goals, men write their entire abuse histories on 12-by-12 sheets of paper, hang the papers on the wall and read them.
The incumbent Republican widely considered least likely to hold onto his seat is Gov.
Moreover, the study found, the agency ''lacks adequate enforcement 'bite' to deter anticompetitive behavior or other violations of market rules'' because it is simply unable to impose meaningful civil penalties.
The A.F.L.-C.I.O., the big federation of labor unions, has conducted a letter-writing campaign to persuade public companies to remove Enron directors from their boards.
The Vatican will have to approve any policy the bishops pass, and the policy would apply only to American dioceses.
''I'm six months pregnant, and I am sitting there in the heat, and I am editing this story where I am looking at models cavorting through north Umbria wearing Chanel cashmere sweaters and rabbit-fur-trimmed Tommy Hilfiger.
The ruling also extends to pregnant women and adults with mental impairments.
Mr. McPheeters said sales had been strong in Asia and the Pacific, which helped offset declines in North America and Latin America.
Sy keeps his work space as neat as the rest of the store, a mall space that fits the décor of the space-station interiors of ''2001: A Space Odyssey'' and the retro-tech homes of ''A Clockwork Orange.''
It is still unclear whether there was any illegal conduct.
Historically black colleges and universities are part of this wonderfully diverse fabric.
A more accurate test for iron levels in the blood has eliminated many would-be donors.
His early attachment to Nietzsche, about whom in 1908 he wrote the first book ever published in the United States, has always seemed to me to be the essential bonding element in what would otherwise be his flagrant contradictions.
Parts of Suffolk County are scheduled to be sprayed with pesticide this evening, three days after health officials received preliminary test results indicating that an 81-year-old man who died last week may have had the West Nile virus.
A couple of days later, Mr. Obasanjo apologized for his remarks.
''And as it grows, it is starting to smell more and more like Lebanon.''
''We plan to submit a bill to the County Legislature in the near future that will increase the fine to at least $200, if not more,'' he said.
Intent on sampling the up-and-coming wines of Valencia, we tried an intensely fruity red Ceremonia 1997 ($24), made from a blend of tempranillo and cabernet sauvignon grapes.
''Baby walkers are known to increase the risk of injuries in infancy.
Corning is already taking a fourth-quarter charge of $550 million to $650 million to close optic fiber plants in Noble Park, Australia, and Neustadt, Germany, by early next year.
He left the studio, never to return to acting.
Until about five years ago the only way a foreign distributor could get a movie into China was to sell rights to it -- at a flat rate -- to the China Film Group.
'S, Church Lounge, TriBeCa Grand, 2 Avenue of the Americas, at White Street, TriBeCa, (212) 519-6672.
When mysterious designs begin to appear in the vast cornfields behind his house, he must confront the possibility that there are no accidents, and rediscover his faith to protect his two children and his feckless younger brother (Mr. Phoenix).
They made a visit, bought the house and haven't looked back.
''No matter where you go, people have heard of him and they love him.
''They've played a big role in our success this season.
''If we don't have a car, how do we get there to apply?''
End Bryan Thomas, who has lost nearly 30 pounds since he was drafted in the first round last April, has only half a sack and has been so ineffective the Jets considered not activating him last weekend.
From tee ball to 11th grade winter formal, the prodigy unveiled.''
Some officials said the journalists had been jailed because their newspapers were financed by foreign governments.
The owner of a car that struck 19 people in Manhattan on Tuesday in a string of hit-and-run accidents was being sought today on charges from the shooting Sunday of a woman he had been dating, the authorities said.
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., Mr. McGreevey also quoted from a speech Abraham Lincoln made to the New Jersey Senate in 1861, en route to his own inauguration.
With his partners, Daniel Koeppel and Nicolas Mathys, Mr. Zulauf manages the Zulauf Europe Hedge fund, which can take short positions -- bets that stocks will decline -- and make other bets that stocks will rise.
He fought with courage and with grace; he fought not only for himself, but for the thousands of people who suffer from this terrible disease.''
with his dad's snowboarding, although he wondered at first if having him on the slopes would cramp his style ''with the Betties'' -- a nickname for female boarders.
Some good can come of Clonaid's claim if it serves to focus the public, Congress and the White House on imposing a ban on human cloning efforts.
SEAHAWKS: D- -- The Seahawks drafted the talented but troubled Washington tight end Jerramy Stevens with the 28th pick over all.
''I think either guy who wins tomorrow will be the favorite for the final, of course, but I'm going to try my best,'' Johansson said.
Had I been given a free hand, the lunch might have been fancier, but it couldn't have been better.
Kidd was dribbling full-throttle on a fast break with 11 seconds left in the first half when he lost the ball and slammed into David Wesley.
It is because of women like Susan that a conservative newspaper, Afarinesh, recently reported that two government agencies, which were not identified, had proposed legalizing brothels, under the name of ''chastity houses,'' as a way of bringing prostitution under control.
Rates on one-year adjustable mortgages held steady at 4.34 percent this week, unchanged from last week.
Most of that growth has taken place since 1997, Mr. Johnson said.
He nodded politely two weeks ago as President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt urged him to move beyond his vague endorsement of the eventual creation of Palestinian state, to include a timeline for its creation.
Billy Kilmer, Brian Sipe, Babe Parilli, Boomer Esiason.
''The starting point of the discussion was how differently teens view sexuality from how we view it,'' said Kate Niehaus, co-director of the Heard in Rye program, and the mother of three.
But Torre could not do that this time without seriously disrupting the pitchers' schedules.
General Powell was born in Harlem and raised in the South Bronx; he graduated from Morris High School and City College.
The men were armed with handguns, hand grenades and at least one AK-47.
Until Mr. Giuliani's schedule is set, ''it is difficult to respond to the utterly overwhelming demand from the media around the world,'' Ms. Mindel said.
Even now, weeks later, Russian units have blocked all roads into Tsotsin-Yurt and more than 15,000 residents are being held virtually as prisoners, forced to pay a bribe -- amounting to a day's wages in many cases -- to enter or leave.
In his understated way, Mr. Annan told member nations last week that the organization needed a more ''rational'' budget process, and said he was putting Ms. Frechette in charge of finding one.
Uncertain on Iraq Allies American officials are at odds over which Iraqi opposition groups Washington should support in the effort to oust Saddam Hussein from power.
''And I think a lot of her dad, Stefano.
But JOHN VANDER WAL pinch-hit for Widger in the seventh and Posada caught the last two innings.
''We feel like now we have control of the series.
The company said it was complying with the settlement now, even though it had not yet been approved by a federal judge.
''It's not healthy; we don't feel good about it,'' Mr. Wichser said, ''But nothing will get in the way of our progress.''
''I couldn't believe it,'' he exclaimed to the F.B.I.
Beloved husband of Dr. Irene McEachen Raucci and a loving father and grandfather.
He pours the coffee, then the chocolate and butter, into the eggs, lets the mixer work until the batter is the texture of heavy cream and looks at me impishly.
Routledge has just republished ''Slonimsky's Book of Musical Anecdotes,'' from 1945.
Today at 5 p.m. Tickets: $21 and $25.
It is a pleasure to watch Dame Judi give herself with such voluptuous relish to a character in full sexual bloom.
Penn State's acceptance ended nearly two weeks of uncertainty concerning the Nittany Lions' postseason plans.
Rather, they most often started as a hobby, and gradually became a consuming passion.
Our bullpen has done a fine job all year.
Passengers will also be charged $25 for each paper ticket and will not be able to have alcoholic beverages in economy class on trans-Atlantic flights.
The proposal has elicited little enthusiasm.
Perseus Books to Buy Running Press The Perseus Books Group, founded as a white knight to buy underappreciated small publishers of relatively erudite nonfiction, has agreed to acquire Running Press, a publisher best known for novelties and impulse buys sold at stores specializing in toys, greeting cards and gardening supplies.
A spokeswoman for the New York City Police Department said department officials had not seen the study and could not comment on it.
Some of them talk to me about getting what I got; I ask them, do they know what it took to get it?
In an interview in his suite earlier in the evening, Mr. Spitzer tried to not sound too presumptuous about his future.
Part of the problem lies with Congress, where fat defense contracts are too often viewed merely as job creation programs.
If this sounds a bit risqué by today's standards, it was, at the time, almost unacceptably shocking; the picture's release was delayed for almost a year, and it alludes to Trudy's condition in the most oblique and teasing manner.
And DJ Cucumber Slice, also known as Bobbito the Barber, has been a fixture on New York's underground rap scene for more than a decade as a radio host, journalist, entrepreneur and playground-basketball luminary; his turntables will be the rhythm section.
At that point, they began writing screenplays on spec, which got them some meetings and some work.
Plenty of state capitals are not centrally or conveniently located.
There is another economic drama that began in the wonder days of the 1990's, which, depending on your station in life, is as riveting as the stock market follies: The end of welfare as we knew it.
'' Charles Isherwood in Variety called the cast ''as perfectly in-tune a musical comedy ensemble as you'll find on Broadway.''
The company also said it had been assured that its stock would not be delisted before the hearing, which could be any time within 30 days of the company's hearing request.
Today, American concerns are focused on the threat from Saddam Hussein in Iraq, and so long as Iraq and Iran are seen as threats in the gulf, United States military needs in a region that holds two-thirds of world oil reserves are unlikely to change.
But Ford should not expect a warm reception from Wall Street; analysts said they did not sense much urgency in Ford's overhaul efforts.
After a set of Ms. Charles's slinkiness answered by Mr. Patton's machismo, they did a gender-switched version of the Jennifer Lopez and Ja Rule hit ''I'm Real'' with Ms. Charles rapping and Mr. Patton promising love.
Its truncated pyramid is accompanied by kulich (koo-LEECH), a tall column of light sweet bread adorned with drizzles of confectioners' sugar icing and often topped with nuts, sprinkles or candied fruit.
It had a great crust, which is essential.
He must also pay taxes due, estimated to be $1.3 million with interest and penalties.
But most of the environmentalists are now focused on future exploration in the Amazon.
Eli Lilly is funding a similar service for Medicaid diabetics.
Minutes later, a nearby landlord began complaining about how noisy it could be, raising his voice to be heard over the din of the jackhammering outside his building.
''We have nothing, we have nothing, no carpets to sit on,'' Gul Dana cried, fingering her head scarf.
This summer's box office so far is up only modestly, 10 percent, from last summer's, according to Nielsen EDI.
understaffed and overconfident; it is now running scared.
But his family will feel his absence more acutely than any blocking scheme.
Next March, the nine-story Morgan Stanley Children's Hospital of New York Presbyterian is scheduled to open on a former parking lot in the Washington Heights section of Manhattan.
It is now very common to meet three or four boys, of from 10 to 16 years, even in Broadway and Pearl-street, coming full tilt, one after the other, with a hoop rattling along before them.
He says he has had only one interview at a law firm.
STANDING IN THE SHADOWS OF MOTOWN Directed by Paul Justman; written by Walter Dallas and Ntozake Shange, based on the book by Allan Slutsky; directors of photography, Doug Milsome and Lon Stratton; edited by Anne Erikson; produced by Sandy Passman, Mr. Slutsky and Mr. Justman; released by Artisan Entertainment.
In March, the Bloomberg administration asked city agencies to come up with another round of contingency spending cuts totaling $500 million, in the event the city fails to receive the aid and union concessions it has been counting on to close its projected $4.76 billion deficit.
By Ronald C. White Jr. (Simon & Schuster, $24.)
More like a classic case of multitasking.
Sound is psychologically crucial in Mr. Nauman's work, but always subtly.
Even today you can walk along the shore at Salala, the port that served the China trade, and find undisturbed shards of age-old porcelain strewn on the beach, or you can wait in the city's modern airport beside a young Bedouin woman in a silver, birdlike half-mask, the silken cuffs of her French blouse visible against hennaed wrists beneath her smart black caftan.
Atlanta was declared in violation of the Clean Air Act, meaning that federal financing for the bridge required in the project's zoning was blocked.
Every night before I go to bed I take one of my music CD's and insert it into my computer.
Soon afterward, the board decided not to renominate itself for election in 2003.
''And when he got this job, all he did was talk about how much he loved the kids and driving the bus.''
VIOLET ROSEN East Brunswick, N.J., Feb. 3, 2002
But the plan is very controversial in Africa, where many view it as just a new way to impose Western-style economic theory on their countries.
Senator Sam Brownback, the Kansas Republican who has been a leading opponent of human cloning, said he intended to introduce a bill to prohibit patents on human beings and human embryos, which he said were ''akin to slavery.''
Lest we forget, Osama bin Laden is responsible for the murder of more than 3,000 people in New York City, Washington and Pennsylvania, and perhaps thousands more around the world.
The Arab-language all-talk Voice of America, also under the control of the B.B.G., wasn't up to the fight, Pattiz concluded.
People who receive a Schedule K-1 from a partnership, an S corporation, an estate or a trust that shows a net longterm gain or loss must report it on Line 12.
Last year, they moved into a gated community, and their three-bedroom, 2,500-square-foot house with red roof tiles and a screened porch cost less than $200,000.
Ms. Mitchell said she and Mr. Greenspan were delighted with the results.
The double-sided video screen is mounted in the middle of an aluminum replica of the Farnsworth House suspended from the ceiling.
Once ingested, the granules inhibit appetite, and the slugs start dying from starvation within three to six days.
Nevertheless, at that advanced age, he still had ideas.
B6 BUSINESS DAY C1-14 Steel Tariffs Challenged The European Union has taken a significant step in the long process of challenging the Bush administration's protective tariffs on steel imports.
But the more pressing and far-reaching issue for the Mets is not whether to jettison Phillips or Valentine, but this whole notion of buying a championship.
''The court finds both parties' positions on this motion unreasonable,'' Justice Gische concluded.
(Next month Cousteau will perform at Joe's Pub in Manhattan as part of a national tour.)
''We just ask them to please give an alternative as to what else to do instead.
Janis's position is special not only because she is a female, but also because she was elected by the other troopers.''
A young Brahmin (Shashi Kapoor) leaves his family to become a sadhu, or wandering ascetic, then finds sexual passion and material wealth, only to abandon them as empty pleasures.
Being a new C.E.O., I am always seeking ways to enhance my leadership skills.''
Eleven of the 14 wounded were reported to be soldiers or policemen.
And ''The Sopranos'' has been angrily denounced by some Italian-American groups for what they view as its blatant ethnic stereotyping.
Taurasi was the most effective, making 6 of 9 for 15 points.
''A simple Lexis-Nexis search would have told them all they needed to know to avoid providing services to a client such as Villanueva,'' a law enforcement official involved in the investigation said.
Yesterday's closing share price of $16.05, down $5.90, is just six times expected annual profits, an unusually low number.
*Although Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani created the Office of Emergency Management in 1996 and spent nearly $25 million to coordinate emergency response, trade center officials said the agency had not conducted an emergency exercise there that included the Fire Department, the police and the Port Authority's emergency staff.
Analysts said at the time that Bridgestone would probably have to scrap the Firestone brand and spend years slowly building a new identity in the United States.
''I don't care if they raise the fare to $5, I'll pay it,'' she said.
It was like Seashore Drive in Newport Beach on the Fourth of July.
As Judy Wein recalls, he pointed to the stairs and made an announcement that saved lives: Anyone who can walk, get up and walk now.
''This is a show in which people's lives are disrupted, a show in which destruction falls down on them.
Russian forces battled Chechen fighters for a fourth day along Russia's border with Georgia, inflaming tensions between the countries.
Ms. Liu, 50, became the nation's most prominent target.
A program note describes her as a dancer, singer and choreographer, but at heart she is a dramatist.
Last Friday, in the cool of the morning, I took the first ferry of the day from Battery Park to Ellis Island.
But the loss did not diminish what the Worcester Little Leaguers, who had never reached Williamsport before, had accomplished.
The islands can be reached all year round by ferry or hydrofoil from Milazzo, and from June through September by hydrofoil from Palermo or Naples.
Mr. Pataki lashed out at critics who have faulted him for failing to negotiate a bill with Assembly Democrats that would soften the state's stiff mandatory drug sentences, passed under Gov.
She herself was an exemplar of style, and was described by her peers as ''a truly intellectual designer'' and ''a creator of timeless fashion'' in ready-to-wear clothes.
But Arab-American groups and immigrant advocates said the government's use of immigration laws in its terrorist investigations had sowed panic in immigrant communities.
Darren McCarty and Kirk Maltby scored second-period goals, and Dominik Hasek preserved the lead by stopping 13 shots in the third period last night as host Detroit beat Colorado, 3-1.
Spain's own problems with domestic violence from the Basque separatist group ETA were underscored today when two car bombs exploded in the southern Spanish resorts of Fuengírola and Marbella, about 100 miles from here.
Their goal is to find companies that sell for 60 percent of what the fund considers their intrinsic value.
Of course, the deal goes wrong, and Van has to set things right.
''They like to be under the radar screen,'' said Arthur W. Bowman, editor of Bowman's Accounting Report.
''This is a guy that has a very, very fast heartbeat during football games, and if you're going to approach him after a game and question the ethics in which he plays, to me that's not logical.
For a while, it looked as if the New York International Children's Film Festival might be one of the artistic casualties of Sept. 11.
For instance, they often display equations as separate graphic images that cannot be resized or searched and greatly increase the size of the file.
Go ahead, make my day!
J. P. Vigier scored for the third straight game for Atlanta, which fell to 1-7-1 in its last nine games.
After resisting becoming entangled here, President Bush reversed course and dispatched Secretary Powell as the body count grew and he came under pressure from Arab states, whose backing he is seeking for a possible attack on Iraq.
His life is worth more because he has kids.
The saxophonist McLean the younger -- he is the son of Jackie McLean -- has spent much of the last 20 years living in South Africa; his music sounds influenced by what he heard and experienced there.
Bill Clinton, scheduled for a spring gala at the Apollo Theater in Harlem.
''I can see how it would happen that way,'' one college president told me.
Throughout the night Mr. Witherspoon shook a mane of dreadlocks as he sang.
The brothers, Darrin and Rollin Amore, were met by railroad officials in Nancy, France.
The outcome of the talks was in doubt throughout the day, with Mr. Daschle threatening to pull the trade measure off the floor entirely.
To Provoke, Too Mr. Maron is not unself-conscious.
There are rumors about missing neighborhood cats and about a resident who saw a deer carcass in the area surrounding a neighboring golf course.
It has the heft and particularity of a stone.
The International Olympic Committee must now get more involved in the decision about what do about a gold medal for the two Canadian skaters who were harmed Monday night by a close and tainted vote.
The agreement also requires that diocese employees report any information from a parent or other responsible person'' that suggests a child may have been abused.
Those two announcements were made after markets had closed.
That mission had seemed foolhardy; several pilots had already died trying to cross the ocean.
They brought back the miniature train line he used to terrorize his guests at the edge of cliffs above the Connecticut River.
Although this is a quandary that women have to deal with every bit as much as men, its treatment in explicit but nonpornographic fiction has been almost exclusively the province of male writers like Henry Miller, Norman Mailer and Philip Roth.
Proponents of legislation to expense stock options believe that Enron's cooked books had something to do with stock options.
He made 30 starts but still suffered a hip injury in September.
This month, employees who want to use a system like AOL's Instant Messenger are being asked to register their buddy names with the compliance office.
They are also looking into the role that powerful air-conditioning systems may play in spreading mold spores throughout a house or building, as well as changes in the formula for some drywall, which some believe may also be a contributing factor in mold growth.
The opening sequence is a slow deceleration for the ensemble of vocal quintet, string quartet, piano duo and four percussionists, so that the sung sounds lengthen to join with the appalled whine of the reporter who was there.
Both prove, however, that when one market has been in favor recently, the other has been out.
Phillips and Whitmore, meanwhile, combined for five assists.
Mr. Li, however, soldiers on -- searching for new businesses amid the gray landscape of telecommunications.
I thought my problems were solved recently, when we bought a new car with a navigational system.
He is an impulsive killer, forged by the corrosive experience of guerrilla warfare, Southern intransigence and his own appetite for notoriety.
Mr. Eristoff notes that the bill has been revised to grant hearings to defendants.
But Mr. Putin has kept the project going against significant resistance by local politicians.
Mr. Kok, whose government resigned in April over a report holding Dutch politicians and generals partly responsible and who will be leaving office as a result of his party's rout in elections last month, reminded residents that Bosnian Serbs, not his countrymen, had killed their neighbors.
The heart wins by a nose.
Once an unsuspecting intruder breaks into a honeypot server, his or her tactics and techniques for hacking around the system are studied by the honeypot's administrators.
It said the agency had told ImClone of concerns about the structure of the Erbitux study as early as August 2000.
Her fears were calmed, she said, a few days after the attacks, when the city sent orange Sanitation Department trucks packed with sand to the plants and extra patrol officers to the streets.
Mr. Muhammad, whom some people knew as John Allen Williams or John Allen Thomas, traveled often to the United States, friends said, returning with items like compact discs, batteries, over-the-counter medicines, power tools and cameras that he sold to acquaintances and a local drug store.
Officials armed with automatic weapons have begun patrolling the waters of Lake Victoria in search of crocodiles so aggressive they have devoured an estimated 43 people in the last six months.
Let's find out why we are here.
Kenny Guinn announced that he had early prostate cancer but said his doctors had assured him it would not affect his work or his campaign for re-election this fall.
said Thursday that it would sell Consumer Network Services to Fiserv Inc. as part of a plan to reduce costs and raise cash by spinning off noncore assets.
Given the issues it raises about the truth of art and the validity of memory -- not to mention its claustrophobic point of view, dreamlike scene shifts and highly charged eroticism -- the story is one that might better have been told by David Hunt, the pseudonym Bayer uses for such moody pieces.
Rhodes notes that more than a few of the killers enjoyed their duties.
Ms. Cotter of Oxygen has high hopes for the series.
That was more than had been predicted, and the write-offs were lower than many people had feared, which explains why the stock took off after the report.
Actions spoke louder than some carefully chosen words last weekend at -- of all places -- an Ivy League campus before a debate between two long-standing rivals, Princeton and the University of Pennsylvania.
It's a stretch to describe Mr. Skinner as a rapper since he barely acknowledges rhyme or meter.
The Falcons will face the Green Bay Packers on Saturday; the Giants will play the San Francisco 49ers on Sunday.
Mr. Schwartz's mother, Linda Schnoll, a real estate agent, lives with his stepfather, Jack Schnoll, in Palm Beach Gardens, Fla. Reached at their home yesterday, the Schnolls, who are sitting shiva, declined to speak to a reporter.
After forward Theo Fleury of Canada fell on top of goalie Dominik Hasek of the Czech Republic late in today's thrilling 3-3 tie, defenseman Martin Skoula poked his stick at Fleury.
Asked why he wants to become chancellor in the Sept. 22 elections, Mr. Stoiber, 60, finally lets loose: ''We rank last in Europe in terms of economic growth.
A visor lifts, revealing the girl.
The plays that were once produced on Broadway were not only expressions of the artists, they were expressions of the producers.
For Laughs Bill Cosby will be at Carnegie Hall on Wednesday.
The authorities say they believe that the body was in the grave for at least 11 days and that the woman was Hispanic or possibly biracial.
In the corporate responsibility legislation signed by President Bush last week, lawyers -- accustomed to a degree of insulation because of the attorney-client privilege and because so many lawmakers are also lawyers -- were targets of what one of them called a ''sneak attack.''
Still, the pressure will be on for CNN to try to duplicate this moment in its history.
There are proposals to build a new performance center at an estimated cost of $34 million and to spend about $100 million to rebuild the Roy Wilkins Auditorium in adjoining St. Paul.
Hartford's descent reflects the central conundrum of Connecticut, which has the nation's highest per capita income but also has a split-level economy of affluent suburbs and almost universally floundering cities.
Taking charge of a company that skeptics had confined to the scrap heap, he has stabilized Chrysler and returned it to profitability.
South Korea threatened legal action against the British-based company that sells tickets for FIFA.
Most disappointing was the ''angler's rainbow trout.''
Mr. Reid said that Air Canada does not break out enough detailed data in its reports to judge Tango's financial success.
He had so many drops that the news media, even teammates, began anticipating when the ball would slip through his mitts instead of when he would make a play.
In 1996, he followed the money from Pittsburgh, where he was making $1.5 million a year, to the Bavarian Radio Symphony in Munich, where, by informed estimates, he made much more.
But the resolution before us offers no substantiation of these allegations, speaking only of hunches, probabilities and suspicions.
In introducing the tape, Al Jazeera said it was new because on it the spokesman made references to the debate in the United States about whether the attacks on Sept. 11 could have been anticipated by its intelligence services.
After hours of investigation, and the delicate, ultimately uneventful opening of the boxes, the police said they believed that the episode was a stunt but did not know its origin or intent.
At a news conference with Prime Minister Sher Bahadur Deuba, Secretary Powell blended expressions of support with a sober call to the government to work to crack down on corruption and mismanagement.
Officials said they could not be sure how long the American and British wardens would serve.
But while many children survive, the radiation often leaves them with learning disabilities and loss of hearing.
The coverage is there regardless.
Like the governor, some landowners questioned the Wisconsin group's motives.
'' 'He got lynched then?'
''This is the real down-to-the-ground stuff,'' he said.
Columbia had the wind at its back for the first quarter and gained 107 yards, including the drive that produced the only touchdown of the half.
His shop, Tierra de Ambar, glitters under baby spotlights highlighting the elegant jewelry.
WHEELCHAIR ACCESS There is a stoop at the entrance and a ramp inside.
Men, Dr. Harris pointed out, are more likely to be the perpetrators in all forms of violent crime.
But Israeli officials have in the past held out the possibility that they would accept American monitors, and an Israeli diplomat said today that General Zinni had recently broached the idea again with the government of Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, contending that it would be a way of bolstering Israeli confidence in dealing with the Palestinian leader, Yasir Arafat.
This afternoon, about one-third as many students filled the avenue in front of the law school, but were carefully boxed in by the riot police, who waited, showed off their weaponry, then waited some more.
I think they did a good job dealing with adversity.
Golisano was the only other bidder in the running for the team when the league approved the Berman-Hamister proposal.
Mr. Cohen declined to comment, as did Ms. Thomas-Graham.
She defended her city, her M104.
Suddenly that is the most interesting thing of all.
''I'll come back tomorrow or next week until I hear yes.''
WHERE: Fox Island, Wash. WHAT: 4-bedroom house HOW MUCH: $499,999 This year-old home sits on an acre of land overlooking Puget Sound.
Ace, one of Bermuda's largest insurers, named Philip Bancroft chief financial officer yesterday, effective immediately.
''Unless he's an operatic singer of huge vocal strength,'' she said, ''his career is not going to last.''
Also tomorrow and Sunday at 6:30 p.m., ''L'Avventura'' (1960), directed by Michelangelo Antonioni.
In his 11 years as a federal trial-court judge, Mr. Pickering has displayed an undue skepticism toward cases involving civil rights.
''I never had any problems in school, which is why it's outrageous that they are saying I was a troublemaker who was speaking out against the school and displaying hostility toward the school,'' Megan said, referring to a newspaper account of the dispute.
Applied Digital Systems, a technology company that is known for its skin-embeddable Verichip device, announced yesterday that its auditor had quit over an accounting dispute.
''That's added reason for us to go out and try to perform,'' Sprewell said.
''The Bourne Identity'' seems in sync with a post-Sept. 11 sensibility, though it was developed before the attacks.
A6 American Killed in Afghanistan An American Special Forces soldier was killed in Afghanistan after his unit came under attack while on patrol in the eastern mountains where coalition forces have been operating, military officials said.
''I even said to Joe: 'Look, you don't have to give us credit.
The high-protein advocates are right when they say that people in the United States eat too many simple carbohydrates like sugar, white flour and white rice.
All our experiences with them have been very respectful.''
Sept. 11 changed the context in which we live, and so it percolates beneath artists' choices and audiences' expectations in myriad, unseen ways.
Several of the students later said their exposure to Japanese techniques would influence the other work they do.
Victor Hall, the pastor of the church.
Mendoza will probably start the season on the disabled list with a strained neck.
Political tradition dictates that whoever is elected makes his first decree an amnesty on traffic fines.
Officials at the Treasury Department said they were so worried about the trend that they were pushing for tougher regulation of the insurance industry as a way of identifying suspicious insurance policies.
The Italian news agency Ansa reported that while Italy counted 703 places that might be likely targets for international terrorism before last Sept. 11, it now has some form of police patrol, often with military help, at more than 4,000 sites.
I've got to do it for me.
''Paul's too mentally tough,'' said Walker, who scored 30 points and grabbed 9 rebounds.
He proposed that the boat, Nona, was a stand-in for Browne's mother.
It's ads like the 2000 Budweiser ''Whassup?!''
He is someone who understands how the political system works and he understands how to make a difference.
Ms. Reyelts, who will be 50 in February, said that older athletes take to the sport because the learning curve is short and the gear is ''awesome.''
But the five states with the lowest spending per capita on criminal justice were South Dakota, Maine, Vermont, North Dakota and West Virginia, which have long been among the states with the lowest crime rates.
Many people are able to remain sanguine about the market's drop because their homes are worth far more than their market investments, and housing prices have continued to rise smartly nationwide.
A newly pressed shipment of 1,800 copies of their first CD had just been delivered, and each one needed a sticker affixed to the front trumpeting the fact that ''Crazy Eyes'' and another song, ''Sequined Mermaid Dress,'' are used in ''Kissing Jessica Stein.''
(The site still exists, run almost entirely by volunteers.)
Far more crimes against children occur as a result of encounters initiated in the physical world, of course, and some contend that the online risks are overstated.
But its light did little to warm the several hundred relatives of the dead who gathered in 28-degree temperature for a commemoration in Battery Park, a few blocks south of the disaster site.
''Five on five, we dominated.''
Police Commissioner Raymond W. Kelly, who took over after the celebrated crime-fighting years of the Giuliani administration, is one of those who takes the view that Sept. 11 remains a major factor.
Finally, McNair broke out of the pocket, angling toward the sideline before throwing the ball, a staggering 6.3 seconds after the snap.
2 last week in Billboard's Top 10 singles charts.
The AAdvantage Cruise program's Web site, www.aadvantagecruise.com, allows travelers to search for cruises offered by the six lines by destination, date, price and length.
''She seemed like someone very powerful and in control,'' he noted.
And when Clemens pumped his fist as he walked off the mound after striking out Hunter for the third time to end the eighth, he had put the exclamation point on another overpowering performance.
In a June 17 meeting, Steve Harrison, the chairman, asked board members to spend the summer recess reading Robert's Rules of Order, the 1896 bible of parliamentary procedure.
Mr. Getty, a spokesman for Survive AIDS of San Francisco, has been lobbying for five years for access to organ transplants for H.I.V.-positive people.
''I was born with this gift,'' she said.
''What took him a whole year in 1999, he managed to do in the last two months,'' said Reinhard Schlinkert, the chairman of Dimap, a polling firm in Bonn.
The company said the two directors, Scott McNealy, the chief executive of Sun Microsystems, and Paolo Fresco, the chairman of Fiat, would leave at the end of the year.
So the lead author, Dr. Cynthia R. LaBella, and her colleagues persuaded 50 basketball trainers at colleges around the country to provide weekly reports of dental injuries for 20 weeks.
Michigan State quarterback Jeff Smoker, the third-leading passer in team history, was suspended indefinitely yesterday for violating team rules.
The league invited coaches, general managers and on-ice officials -- more than 150 people in all -- to a hotel in Toronto.
''A date for them to commence operations can't be set until we have a completed application,'' said Raymond V. Casey, the commission's executive director, ''and right now I can't tell you that we do.''
Wednesday, 7 to 11 p.m. Sarah Partridge Quartet.
PNC BANK ARTS CENTER 32nd Annual Irish Festival, featuring Bobby Byrne, singer, and several Irish bands.
Set between these two immense emotional pillars, the second movement, with its evocations of Viennese dance music, and the third-movement Rondo-Burleske are often undervalued.
She found veteran cooks who could create and test recipes.
''We have a sound system that keeps the birds off the grapes,'' he said.
With 6,000 clients, the Heliópolis project should break even, he said.
But our very presence in the streets, in a final turn of the social-psychological screw, ended up implicating us, too, in the post-Vietnam neurosis.
Clicking on it yields another button that says, ''show story line.''
Few countries have had more experience with a burst bubble economy than Japan.
www.capemaymac.org OPERA FESTIVAL OF NEW JERSEY -- McCarter Theater, Princeton.
This morning, Fassel tended to Ferrera first, pulling him aside before team meetings to tell him he would be squaring off against the 340-pound Ogden.
The local connection is Steven Certilman of Old Greenwich, a lawyer and art dealer.
Strong safety Mike Doss, linebacker Matt Wilhelm and kicker Mike Nugent were among 25 players selected to the team.
But in its detailed chronicling of the stages of grief, the book becomes overly clinical.
Mayorga earned $140,000, and a yellow Corvette from the promoter Don King.
WHERE: Carlisle, S.C. WHAT: 3-bedroom house HOW MUCH: $375,000 Cedarcrest, built in 1857, was once the manor house for a cotton plantation.
By definition, you get invited to the meetings, but you don't by definition get to control them.''
(A partition between the 10 tables in the dining room and 3 in the woody bar would minimize dining-room noise generated by the taproom crowd.)
''Padilla is currently being held,'' the government says, ''consistent with the laws and customs of war.''
She sang one particularly effective run three times, showing off the kind of casual control that the women in her songs can only dream about.
A former member of Parliament petitioned the government for Mr. Jha's arrest.
Mr. Zubaydah is believed to have taken over as Al Qaeda's top military strategist after the death of Muhammad Atef in an American airstrike in Afghanistan in November.
It makes no sense to deprive them of help to meet their basic needs.
With 20,000 gas wells in production and at least 10,000 more planned, a swath of federal land the size of Connecticut accounts for 80 percent of the coal-bed methane produced in the United States.
In February, Mr. Bush said his proposals would ''strengthen the work requirements for those on welfare.''
''Plus some people think we cannot possibly side with the Americans when Saddam is giving us preferential treatment.''
''That cleared the way for me to solve my problems, and I hope others with this disorder can see that can happen for them, too.
We've got Democrats sitting around this table.
Try it -- again and again, with every permutation and combination of expressed doubt you can muster, as a lunch date stretches to a marathon four hours.
Whether it's responding to an emergency at your home or pulling you over for leaning a bit hard on the accelerator, it demands unblinking respect.
The Republican majority leader of the New York State Senate said today that United States Senator Trent Lott ''ought to be cut some slack'' over comments he made about Senator Strom Thurmond's segregationist run for president in 1948.
The owner, a wealthy 88-year-old collector named William Hurd Scheide, keeps them in his private library at Princeton University.
Israel dismissed the effort as a show, a contention likely to be strengthened by Sheik Yassin's appearance at the rally on Friday.
He said that in August, a lawyer for the library agreed in writing that the library would leave by the end of November, but said the library later told him it wanted to stay.
A revival directed by Edward Hall, another of Sir Peter's industrious offspring, suffers from a similar emphasis on political pattern over individual psychology.
Jackson signed with the Redskins in October after he was waived by Atlanta.
Another official said Mr. Cheney played a significant role ''internally, shaping the broad outlines of the speech'' over the last several days.
So I wanted to know: what was going on at the molecular level?
''I think that would be good for Andersen, and I think it would be good for the system.''
When someone asked McCarty to explain his first professional hat trick, he replied: ''You all read the Bible.
In 1996, he helped form the Campaign for Labor Rights to bring attention to sweatshop conditions in factories around the world.
But Ms. Chang's true passion lay in her travels outside of the United States, sizing up new places, making new friends and, wherever possible, testing the swimming pool at every hotel.
Mussels marinière, steamed in white wine and garlic, anchors the list, but the variations spin off from there, with mussels in a broth based on Billy Bi soup, a blend of vermouth and saffron cream, and Portuguese-style mussels in a broth flavored with chorizo and cilantro.
The decision invalidated the death penalty laws of five states and cast doubt on the laws of four others.
Mr. McGreevey's shifting opposition to tax increases drew immediate fire from Republicans, who accused him of flip-flopping on a tax pledge that they, and voters, understood to be unequivocal.
Built in 1878, the home is said to be one of the seven rental ''cottages'' that were once part of the George Hotel resort complex created by George A.
The iFinder's real strength is as a full mapping unit; the Plus version comes with hardware and software to create customized maps on a memory card.
What film-industry types call the ''per screen average'' -- the amount of money earned at each venue -- was the highest of any movie in the country, even though the film's length meant that it could be shown fewer times each day than its competitors.
Dr. Korfmann was inclined to agree at the time.
Cliff Carlson, a senior technical specialist at Ford who is co-leader of the project, said hydraulic assistance could cut fuel use by 35 percent.
Their problem may be getting a lot worse.
They treated their purchases as capital investments.
The league has since built a berm and a retaining wall to stop the flooding, but more than 50 residents have signed a petition saying their concerns have not been met.
He is survived by a son, a daughter and four grandchildren, who are all active in the art business.
There may be a compelling case to be made for war with Iraq.
Gay and Lesbian Independent Democrats mourns the passing of Harvey McLaughlin, beloved husband of Christine McLaughlin.
Her father is the president of Adcamp Associates, a New York company that markets health and beauty products to college students.
But an 80-year-old retired teacher, who gave only her first name, Iris, said she did not know how she would pay the increase on her $1,000-a-month, one-bedroom apartment in Stuyvesant Town.
For years, the New York Mets employed about two dozen female employees as matrons to clean Shea Stadium's 25 women's restrooms during ballgames and keep them stocked with supplies.
And it's absolutely critical, if you act, that you don't use your judgmental faculties.
''Hell to Pay'' is Mr. Pelecanos' second book (after last year's ''Right as Rain'') about Derek Strange and Terry Quinn, an interracial odd couple with great, hard-boiled appeal.
''If I see another valedictorian, I may throw up,'' an alumnus interviewing applicants to Cornell told me a few years ago.
They faced a 7 a.m. bus ride to their plane to Miami, where they will play the Sol tonight.
Comdisco Inc., a computer service company, said yesterday that it had reached a reorganization plan with its creditors and was planning to emerge from Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in mid-August.
''I can tell in batting practice if I'm staying back,'' Jeter said.
The City Council sided with the hospital, 20 votes to 14, and the house was razed.
''We really need some place between the formal journal article -- mainly used for academic promotion -- and the book,''she said.
(The opposition demonstrators compare him to Hitler.)
George E. Pataki objected to the suspension.
''All of these issues now become extremely important,'' she said, ''and there are not many guidelines.''
Today if you go to Ikea, you always will find some pieces which are good designs and very reasonable in pricing.''
''Did I read that right?
''Someone in this room,'' she says, ''is gonna go get AIDS because y'all are not listening.''
The behavior and biology behind the statistics are explored through the experiences of the children themselves.
had taken advantage of low short-term interest rates and investor lassitude to borrow a lot of money short term, and less money long term.
Not all little girls like to doll up.
Fond brother of Charles, Ann, Alice, Jean and Eileen Ahearne.
Coming on the same day, the three developments may help the Bush administration respond to critics who say that plans for an attack on Iraq are diverting resources from the war on terror.
His worst workout was in Denver.
But, he added, the political ''content'' of the conference -- fulfilling the vision for a Palestinian state -- was the most important objective.
A boss once told you that Americans weren't ready for a female president.
''Our job to make sure we put a system in place that eliminates distractions like crime, broken windows, and distractions from forces that may be outside of the realm of teaching.
''Every few months I get e-mail from a film producer or director unhappy if there are mostly negative reviews in the index,'' he explained.
Cigar began his winning streak in an allowance race at Aqueduct on Oct. 28, 1994, and it ended Aug. 10, 1996, in the Pacific Classic at Del Mar, in which he was upset by Dare and Go.
Mr. Bush said last week during the event for Mrs. Dole.
In the overall picture, though, that was offset by increased occupancy on Routes 4, 17 and 23.
''This is so undermining our deepest sense that we're safe among strangers.''
In other words, Westernization, even when it happened, did not lead to modernization.
The net loss narrowed to $52 million, or 9 cents a share, from $291 million, or 50 cents, a year earlier.
''I have found I need to be much more careful of what I say because when those opinions go against the grain, then one is subjected to all kinds of ad hominem attacks.''
Mr. Reagan, he said, ''saw Communist states as simply the latest enemy on the offensive against the American idea of freedom, an enemy that needed to be defeated rather than accommodated.''
Dimly lighted internally, these places have a sad, musty feeling, as though hardly anyone had visited them for decades (Johnson).
Mr. Cazalet got the soprano Sylvia McNair, who is also participating in the Wodehouse concert, to agree to collaborate on a recording from Harbinger: ''The Land Where the Good Songs Go,'' with sprightly and idiomatic performances, featuring Mr. Blier on the piano, and with insightful program notes by Mr. Ring.
Eric Lindros was sitting next to Toms when Toms was hit in the face by Karpa's pass, just over six minutes into the final period.
Not surprisingly, Leo is disappointed.
Marina has that vision to mix an Eastern sense of time and a Western sense of theater, which has amazing global appeal.
We still haven't really resolved that one.''
''It's sad for the two women involved.''
As for Mr. Columbus's film, Elvis Mitchell wrote in The New York Times, it has a ''literal-minded competence, following the letter of the law as laid down by the author.''
But at the Food Lion, the local outlet for the South's popular supermarket chain, a dissenting voice was heard.
The axes are used to sever the pirates' grappling hooks, and the hoses spraying water off the stern are supposed to make the pirate boats wet and slippery platforms from which to mount an attack.
The process used to sterilize Congressional mail after the anthrax attacks last fall could itself be making Capitol Hill workers sick, a report to be issued on Tuesday says.
But frankly, I stopped stealing because I was almost 18 and, as my mother pointed out, old enough to go to prison, where you get one basic outfit.
But she is also, on first meeting, guarded.
Some experts say the biggest contrast between the situation now and in 1990-91 relates to the rationale for war.
Mr. Bush has also suggested that Iraqi success in developing biological, chemical and nuclear weapons might one day enable Mr. Hussein to hand the weapons over to terrorists.
And like the FM stereo in your car, a cellphone can suffer from the same limitations: blocked signals and interference.
Fellini was shy about claiming to be any great humanist.
But the company has suffered from rising materials costs, from adverse shifts in the yen-dollar exchange rate and from a trend toward smaller cars in Japan, where new car sales have fallen for 11 straight months.
Robinson, who could not be reached today for comment, reluctantly became the Devils' head coach when Ftorek was fired on March 23, 2000.
They said it, we didn't and it's pretty close.
These people say that Mr. Case believes that he can prove his value to the company by the time shareholders vote in the spring.
Hours: Today, 1 to 9 p.m.; tomorrow and Sundays, 11 a.m. to 6 p.m..
Adding to the achievement, the Mavericks beat the Lakers for just the fifth time in 46 meetings since 1991 with their most lopsided victory ever over Los Angeles.
She was a powerful Lakota medicine woman.
It is also undeniable, note students of Endocrinology 101, that mankind never evolved to eat a diet high in starches or sugars.
The House Republicans, by contrast, have a plan that would quickly turn into a fiasco -- but not, of course, until after the next election.
In 1952 for Cincinnati, he was 17-13 with six shutouts, tying for the league lead with Curt Simmons.
A lot of people seem to get stuck at the gianduja.
These political developments in the wake of both the Sept. 11 attacks and the Palestinian intifada offer President Bush a golden chance to build an international alliance for peace in the Middle East that his predecessor could not put together.
Martin Biron made 26 saves for Buffalo, which has earned a point in four of five games (3-1-1).
The Christian Right clergy continues to cite Israel as the clearest proof that the end is nigh -- and continues to express the expectation that Jews will then die or convert.
Destruction has also taken place in the Dra Valley in Morocco, where a rock-art site has been turned into a stone quarry, and in the Matred Hills in the Negev in Israel, where another site was destroyed to create a training field for tanks.
The bills would make the biggest changes in federal regulation of campaign finance since the basic statutes enacted in 1974 in response to the Watergate scandals.
Mahler plays the final note of the first movement very softly, in a dynamic range identical to that of the notes for the trumpet and flute that precede it.
Mr. del Toro wants to luxuriate in the intricacy of the film's visual design and inundate the audience with horrific minutiae.
I gave him my shawl.
Ever since its founding half a century ago, North Korea has played the Russians off the Chinese following a strategy intended to win the maximum amount of aid and autonomy.
In America, by contrast, Camera Work, Stieglitz's splendid magazine, had just under 1,000 subscribers at its peak.
Four Democrats, including former Attorney General Janet Reno, are competing to challenge Mr. Bush.
Elsewhere, it is mainly a truck builder and a supplier of engines to other manufacturers, including G.M.
Although he was chief counsel to then-Gov.
Do you have a toothbrush holder?
While it is true that Vice President Cheney and Secretary of State Powell were principal participants, as secretary of defense and as chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, in the decision not to march to Baghdad in 1991, their experience benefits the United States in this current situation.
But if they do change -- by making some trips in off-peak periods or using less-convenient, less-congested roads -- they can keep the leftover.
''You need to be objective.
Reunited with her playmate -- not literally the piano of her childhood but the muse that first visited her there and the side of her personality that allows her to speak her mind -- she began to produce a steady stream of songs.
Worries over claims from the World Trade Center attacks have hovered over the reinsurance industry.
A most memorable and popular teacher, coach and ''Searchers'' leader at Horace Mann School from 1968 to 1982.
He pulls out the comic to illustrate.
This year, business lobbyists say they support a cut in the dividend taxes -- but not at the expense of other measures that would cut business taxes more directly.
CUSACK - Helen R. We mourn the loss of a wonderful saint-like woman, kind, gentle and righteous.
''Maybe,'' she said, ''something has to start before it can be stopped.''
On Monday, USA said it hoped to begin an offer to exchange its shares for those of the three companies in the near future.
Not surprisingly, Feeney heard from officials of all three clubs about what they saw as a gap in the schedule.
My translator remained silent on the journey back to the city.
''Responding to Herm in the classroom is one thing, responding on the field is another,'' Martin said.
FRIDAY: Filthy Rich and the Poor Boys; Stanhope House, 45 Main Street, Stanhope; (973) 347-0458.
In new allegations, prosecutors say agents searching Mr. Marri's apartment found an almanac in which business cards were used to bookmark pages describing major dams, reservoirs, and car and railroad tunnels.
Both of whom he has, in one context or another, been compared to.
Mr. Brodsky also said he was concerned that the tax increase would be imposed only in some municipalities for the benefit of the entire county.
Her father would have played dolls with her, too, Dawn Meyer said.
And while Duke was hot, the fourth-seeded Wolfpack was not, appearing passive against a team it has not beaten in 13 attempts.
Jaffar, who oversees a network of pesantren -- Koranic schools that, like the madrassas of Pakistan, produce countless young militants schooled in jihad -- preaches that democracy is ''incompatible with Islam'' and that Indonesia's 210 million people should be governed under strict Islamic law.
But workers may have little choice.
Now, with a wry sense of humor, all 12 members of Python 33 carry keys to the bomb-charred palace in their pockets.
Ten-year junk bonds ended the year paying an interest rate of 10.70 percent, or 5.68 percentage points higher than the 10-year Treasury note, according to Bloomberg Financial Markets.
A number of travelers have returned from the Omo River in Ethiopia, a popular rafting destination, with schistosomes.
But a lot of people can't bear to throw books away.
But as a business, the mall was a mess, with problems including rent strikes by store owners over what they said was slipshod security and maintenance.
(He says they weren't close.)
Mr. Bull said he had not met Mr. Woodward and Mr. Bernstein until Monday, when he was backstage at a cable-television show.
The youngest of nine children she is survived by many nieces and nephews.
On Nov. 24, 2000, in an e-mail message obtained by investigators, Steve Baillie, a Citigroup banker, told colleagues, ''Enron's motivation in the deal now appears to be writing up the asset in question from a basis of about $100MM to as high as $250MM, thereby creating earnings.''
Calipari said: ''I know some scouts with mid- to late-first-round picks are indicating to him that he might be a lottery pick, but if he enters the draft and is picked 16th, 17th, 18th, he shouldn't be disappointed.''
''I'm concerned with the increasing criminalization of more and more behavior, of things that merely annoy other people,'' said Bob Newland, the Libertarian candidate for attorney general of South Dakota and the chief proponent of Amendment A.
He was the first person in his family to go to college, starting at Quincy College in Illinois but dropping out when he couldn't afford it.
Surprisingly, Mr. Rams, who is now 70, seems to share that sentiment.
Why not coat a stent with something that prevents cells from dividing and proliferating?
Three years ago, he came here because, he said, he wanted to expand his horizons.
Robert Thomson, the editor of The Times, said that on the contrary, the T2 section was a showcase for talent.
Also, two Palestinians carrying bombs were killed in an explosion at the fence that separates Gaza and Israel, the army said.
Ms. Compoccia formed a new committee called Children of San Gennaro and promised to clean up the mess.
It is the unwritten rule of the Braves: when Maddux starts, anyone but Lopez catches.
Nominations for the positions were taken in the weeks before the prom, but the voting will take place on prom night.
United and US Airways have agreed to a code-sharing partnership, which is subject to government approval.
O'Neal scored 22 points and grabbed 15 rebounds and made sure the Lakers won their 10th straight playoff game on the road with a 12-point third quarter.
Asked to suggest an appropriate ratio of punitive damages to compensatory damages, Ms. Birnbaum said that the court's recent cases have suggested a multiplier no greater than three, four or five times the actual damages.
''We are a happy bunch in Salem,'' she said over breakfast oatmeal in a Midtown hotel, days before the first preview and not far from the Virginia Theater, where the play opens on Thursday.
Donald P. Green, a Yale political scientist who has studied the voting behavior of tens of thousands of people, has found, to no one's surprise, that robocalls probably have no effect in getting people out to vote for a candidate.
Students interested in rushing fraternities or sororities, for example, headed for the west campus, while minority students typically headed for the north campus.
But they also made 28 recommendations to address the problem of vortex ring state and other aerodynamic issues.
Their goal in coming here to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit was to have the record of Dr. Mudd's military trial, which is in the National Archives, ''corrected'' to reflect what they say is his innocence.
Svetlana Feofanova of Russia broke her own indoor world record in the pole vault, clearing 15 feet 53/4 inches at the Globen Galan meet yesterday in Stockholm.
What makes for compelling entertainment online is still the subject of debate.
I don't know if anybody in the East wants to play us in the first round.''
I mean, sad stories aren't tragedy.
Why are dogs attacking deer?
''The vote today is a reflection of the public's strong support for the military,'' Mr. Lewis said.
And doctors said that two groups were seeking financial backing to start new medical malpractice insurance companies in the state.
Contractors also commonly inflate costs by making artificially low initial bids and then submitting higher estimates later on, when it is hard for the Pentagon to switch to another supplier.
Fixing the service problems may be mission impossible.
The program, which began April 16, ends at midnight on June 10.
It called for Mr. Reed to play an unsettlingly long piano tremolo through the theme, and the piece as a whole, well-played by the quartet, had a dark urgent impact.
Before the renovation, the dining room had the look of a dressed-up coffee shop.
Mr. Cohen said yesterday that the family or the entities it controlled might have borrowed an additional $400 million in December to acquire convertible preferred stock it bought in January 2002, but he said, that such a strategy seemed odd.
''I understand after 9/11 there is a lot of concern.
Others are part-time students or idlers who have had their minor brushes with the police, but who returned from their trip abroad and settled unobtrusively into their old lives.
''We will cross that bridge when we come to it,'' he said.
Mr. Safir said that last year a client asked him to investigate a man who said he could find investors to provide hundreds of millions of dollars for starting a company.
Mr. Abbott, who was serving a 15-years-to-life sentence for manslaughter and was denied parole last August, had no history of psychiatric problems, Mr. Flateau said.
''Those people are there because they live there.
Tomorrow from 1 to 4 p.m. Children's Center on Pier 16, South Street Seaport Museum, South and Fulton Streets, Lower Manhattan.
Even the Kings were gratified by a tight, hard-fought game.
If these problems have been in evidence for some time now, though, the increase in male-on-male sexual-harassment cases makes them much starker.
The grill men deftly shuffled the cuts of meat from the hottest parts of the coals to cooler areas, turning them and methodically inspecting them every few minutes, in a bravura performance that is repeated night after night as the restaurant works its way through 90 tons of beef a year, which is roughly 4,600 steers!
At the Doha meeting, the organization's members pledged to resolve the issue by Dec. 31.
''Les is a Steven Jobs to Charlie Thornton's Bill Gates,'' Dr. Nordenson said, calling Mr. Robertson ''a brilliant thinker'' and Dr. Thornton pragmatic.
The cause of the crash remained unclear, with some officials saying the helicopter appeared to have been shot down by a portable surface-to-air missile.
Scale passages and melodic fragments impart a deceptive sense of tonality.
In those cases, it is usually directed toward someone who has been loved and trusted.
* ''ROAD TO PERDITION,'' starring Tom Hanks, Paul Newman and Jude Law.
After dark, they are backlit by floodlights.
I pulled over in the dark but couldn't see either him behind me or what had happened to my car, so I drove on to Chatham, N.Y., the nearest town.
Why not do the moral thing and keep this what it is and should continue to be: my son's cemetery and the cemetery of all who died with him?
What really turns him on, though, is the chance to rattle suspects and shake loose their secrets.
He said his firm would be looking at different candidates from those under consideration for the job of Gap president.
Calvin Hunt, a neighborhood advocate, stationed himself outside the firehouse in the rain yesterday to solicit signatures on a petition to keep the firehouse open.
Mass of Christian Burial Good Shepherd RC Church, Isham St. and Broadway, NYC, Monday at 11AM.
Although her technical difficulty was paint-by-numbers in comparison with her rivals, Kwan had a connection with at least five of the nine judges, who gave her a first-place finish after the short program, ahead of Slutskaya, the third-place Cohen and the fourth-place Sarah Hughes.
is an instrument to get finished goods into department stores abroad.
He reappeared in May 1966, showing up unannounced at the Federal Courthouse in Foley Square in Manhattan, with the explanation that he had been kidnapped at gunpoint by two men, one of whom warned, ''Come on, Joe, my boss wants you.''
OILERS 4, BLACKHAWKS 1: Anson Carter scored twice, and Tommy Salo stopped 24 shots to lead visiting Edmonton.
Moreover, the analysts -- ostensibly objective judges of companies' prospects, the reality check to investor-relations hype -- had become active participants in the white-hot sales efforts of New York investment banks and brokerages.
In December 2001 the scientists quietly published a short article in the journal Antiquity on their discoveries, with Mr. Seitz the lead author.
IN the camp's library and performance studio, where students and teachers mingle, they are surrounded by Airplane memorabilia: psychedelic Fillmore posters with lettering that looks like melting wax; a 1968 Life magazine cover with Mr. Kaukonen inside a clear plastic cube, beneath the headline ''Music That's Hooked the Whole Vibrating World''; and various concert photographs of a long-haired Mr. Kaukonen looking extremely thin, a tribal tattoo spidering down a wiry arm, his face gaunt and intense as he works the strings, like some Nordic hellhound set loose on American youth.
ABBY GOODNOUGH Friday 7 p.m. 1.
Much of what occurs in the play conforms to unsurprising melodrama, and the actors, under the direction of Ashok Sinha, mostly do not escape the conventions of their character types.
His cartoons were also published in other countries.
How and whether that deal delivers on its promise will probably prove more vital to Vivendi's long-term prospects than the identity of the person running Canal Plus, its pay-television in France.
Even when adding up the current value of Social Security benefits, pension wealth and a household's net worth -- the value of a house and other major assets, minus all debt -- Professor Wolff finds that wealth at retirement is down a remarkable 17 percent for the typical household headed by someone 47 to 64.
Flying more combat patrols over American cities would require a sizable mobilization of Air National Guard pilots and crews.
But with Arthur Andersen, one of the nation's largest accounting firms, fighting for its life as investigators examine its role in the collapse of its former client, the Enron Corporation, Mr. Pitt's proposal strikes some as a plan for installing new gutters and downspouts during a hurricane.
Her daughter and four sons had all attended the school.
''She would give lectures so dense with information and insight that I could barely follow them,'' Mr. Whedon said.
Then Woods left a wedge shot 3 feet from the cup on the 17th hole and appeared to be poised for another remarkable rally.
If you want to drink, they'll pour your drink.
Mr. Trani, in an interview, said that, to avoid any taxes, he might give his taxable holdings to charity.
On Tuesday, they found themselves cutting down the net in their empty gym.
And finally, to the extent that the verdict has reignited the debate over whether a white officer was culpable in an attack on a black man, it cannot help the department's continuing efforts to recruit minority candidates.
North Korea did not allow the five Japanese to bring along their children, most of whom are studying at elite universities in Pyongyang.
Mr. LoGrande accused Mr. Tonna of using what he called Gestapo tactics in demanding volumes of authority records.
''It took us a little longer than we liked,'' said Steve Trachsel, who came off the disabled list to pitch five strong innings.
She is survived by devoted husband Norman; loving children Arlene Tewel, Rita Ackerman & Kenneth Tewel; son-in-law Congressman Gary Ackerman and cherished grandchildren Lauren, Corey & Ari.
SAIGON CAFE, in a small storefront down Newark Avenue, is more conventional in every way, starting with the name.
Hospital emergency rooms reported some heat exhaustion cases and other heat-related ailments.
He is right-handed and would have to relearn the left-handed stance he used at Notre Dame, for example.
A masterful photographer, he enjoyed documenting everything around him with an eye for whimsy & beauty.
(www.spaghetti.com/mascot/), dedicated to this strange subculture.
After dinner, he'd put on a jumpsuit and start his second shift of work, whereupon a new set of secretaries would come in.''
Senior American officials insisted today that the United States did not have a new policy of using airstrikes to quell fighting among rival warlords in Afghanistan.
The success of ''Ashanti'' says a lot about how this young woman's music is listened to.
Mr. Chambliss, an effective debater, had this riposte today: ''Zell Miller votes the way a majority of Georgians think.
Calling home for permission could take more time than the planes have if they're under attack, Hansman says.
''Speed-O-Gram'' is illegal, but ''Priority-Gram'' is not.
Mr. Dolgins said the latest hiring was a sign that AEA had decided to sell.
takeover, then the union should negotiate its job security concerns with the M.T.A.
Jeff Van Gundy arrived early at Continental Arena today, meeting with the coaches Byron Scott and Phil Jackson, doing homework for his job as a television analyst for the game between the Nets and Los Angeles Lakers.
As executive editor of Time Inc. Interactive, a new job, Mr. Desmond will move to the AOL unit's headquarters in Dulles, Va., where he will work closely with the online service's programming executives.
A computer network to track foreign students in the country is still being tested and is not expected to be fully operational until next year.
36, the alma mater of Dennis M. Walcott, deputy mayor for policy, was his first trip to a school since taking office.
Mr. Braugher did not have it quite so easy.
Unable to find a single tenant for the building, Mr. Yaffe divided it into three units, which are rented to a personal training gym, a sandwich shop and a cellular phone company.
They are practicing combat skills instead of doing menial jobs.
Or, 'How can you justify buying this when you have yet to fund your trust accounts?'
''But ultimately, the answer is no.
It was hard to tell.
But that has left the Bush administration without an agreed policy that Iraqi opposition groups can support.
At a meeting with reporters last week, Mr. White said the sale of the Washington penthouse reflected only a ''personal preference for housing and does not indicate any interest in leaving the job I'm currently in.''
I might have been one of them.
Mr. Emery was hunting for a stairwell on the 97th floor when he reached his wife, Elizabeth, by cellphone.
That left the market at a point where, particularly if profits are struggling, there could be some adjustment.
We are seated at a corner banquette, on the other side of a glass wall from Nancy Reagan and her entourage.
The metamorphosis of an entire class of buildings is, like many tales of the city, a matter of being in the right place at the right time.
''It is a very small way between good and evil,'' said Rolf E. Breuer, the chairman of the supervisory board of Deutsche Bank.
The deal unraveled last year.
At La Plaza Cultural on the Lower East Side, the stones of demolished buildings have become an amphitheater, and old bricks form meandering paths.
ASTROS 7, MARLINS 2: Roy Oswalt pitched three-hit ball for eight innings and Jeff Bagwell homered and doubled, leading host Houston.
''I hope it doesn't come down to that,'' Valentine said of the possibility that Perez's minor league options could decide a roster spot.
The Web site Safer America, for example, offers the Response Escape Hood, which, it claims, filters out ''chemical agents, biological agents and nuclear particles'' for a much longer period than ordinary gas masks.
Now, as executive director of the Studio Museum in Harlem, she is seeing that fantasy come true.
Season with salt and pepper and keep warm.
Ms. Reynolds is the owner of Heavenly Scents Express, a coffee shop that opened as part of the Maplewood Concierge Company, a group of more than 79 local merchants who provide services from dry cleaning to roof appraisals to more than 2,000 commuters who use the station every day.
I'm not saying everybody will make the right choices.
But he said secrecy was warranted to protect both intelligence methods and the prosecution of Zacarias Moussaoui, the only man charged so far in the Sept. 11 attacks, or any future suspects.
Governors and state legislatures faced with post-Sept. 11 revenue shortfalls can maintain financing of colleges and universities and other popular programs by placing the country's prisons on the chopping block.
They have forced opponents to conform to patience rather than to rapid impulse.
W.W. II veteran and Lehman Brothers Assistant Comptroller, but he would like to be remembered most as Nancy's adoring, devoted husband of 60 years, loving father to Steve, Joan and Cathy and doting grandfather to Rebecca and Gabriela.
In the midst of recounting the graphic, gamey details of their explosive encounter, she stops to describe an illegal, performance-enhancing substance he was using.
Mr. Rico was subpoenaed by the committee last year and refused to testify, taking his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination.
His chances of going one step further are excellent, considering that the other quarterfinalists in his half of the draw -- Jiri Novak and Stefan Koubek -- are veterans with even less impressive résumés.
Police officers who were there declined to be interviewed.
But he said that they must also focus on getting Americans who come to the city to spend more money.
At a news conference in Hartford yesterday afternoon, both Ms. Bysiewicz and Mr. Blumenthal applauded the decision.
Joseph P. Nacchio, the former chief executive of Qwest, is also expected to testify at today's hearing.
The exhibition begins with American magazines of the 1860's that published engraved copies of Civil War photographs at a time when actual photographs could not be printed with text.
Senators goaltender Patrick Lalime finished with 24 saves.
There is not a single student who would use the excuse offered on Mr. Ambrose's behalf -- that he was under time pressure -- and expect any sympathy.
His wife, Margaret Dunn, died in 1971.
Senator Charles E. Schumer called yesterday for a waterfront park to be built with some of the money set aside by the federal government for the rebuilding of Lower Manhattan.
In a very short time, technology introduced to make skiing easier for the recreational set has remade ski racing and literally changed the landscape.
We send our sympathy to Rudy, Andrew, Caroline and the entire Giuliani family.
But that vote has no legal power and it may, in the end, push Prime Minister Ariel Sharon further to the pragmatic center.
''He imagined their world as an almost medieval one, in which the forces of darkness and of light, the devils and the angels, were at war.
In addition to controlling warlords, the new Afghan government will also have to deal with the new problem of how to distribute and coordinate billions of dollars of international aid.
One afternoon in early summer, I invited an American couple visiting Tokyo to join me in Kuhonbutsu for tea and cake.
She is survived by her daughter, Rachel Tabori Myerson of Los Angeles, her son Michel Tabori of Santa Monica, her daughter Sylvie Tabori also of Los Angeles and her grandchildren Zoe Myerson and Zachary Tabori.
The tale that obsesses Mommo in her dotage is ostensibly about, as she says, ''how the place called Bochtan came by its new appellation Bailegangaire, the place without laughter.''
Follow Route 179 down the hill and turn right on Bridge Street.
While Mr. Ambrose's scholarly works, including biographies of Dwight D. Eisenhower and Richard M. Nixon, are mainstays of college reading lists, his more recent works appear on them less frequently.
The celebration did not last long.
The Yankees tied the score in the fourth.
This page supported the airlines' proposed merger last year, which was blocked by the government.
''What may have been perceived as isolation in the past is safety and security.''
The phrase ''sound, basic'' was coined by the state's highest court, the Court of Appeals, as an interpretation of what the state Constitution requires.
Half-cooked bacon is stacked near the grill, and cut potatoes course through the deep fryer.
Mr. Filippakis, 56, was born in Crete and as a boy, planned to become a priest.
Short Orders: Suba, specializing in Spanish and French food, has opened at 109 Ludlow Street (Delancey Street).
You never know what can happen.''
Not only has Martin, a talented player in his second pro season, been suspended from games for the second time in less than three weeks for flagrant fouls, but he also allows his frustrations to get the better of him and unnecessarily irks the refs, thereby putting his team at a disadvantage.
''It seems like there should be one standard, one regulation, one something, but since there's not, I'm very grateful we have that service available.''
''I think that, to a degree, he's watched what's happened in my career and made a plan for himself,'' DiCaprio says.
Perhaps you sense a determination on my part to maintain some emotional distance here, walling myself off from the pain of delivering my mother to a locked ward.
She had only a handful of new clients when she decided to quit her television job, but her husband, David Rainesalo, a news director at a local radio station, backed her decision, and his earnings supported them in the early days of her business.
(The picture feels like some odd combination of ''Flashdance'' and ''Purple Rain.'')
Brendan's performance made it happen.
Dr. McNally, a professor at Boston College specializing in Russian intellectual life, began his odyssey as he was reading ''Dracula,'' by Bram Stoker, and noticed that many places in the book were real.
Seracini is an art diagnostician, an engineer who studied medicine but who has spent the last 27 years examining works of art.
For Cone, it is time to focus on that life after baseball.
They said that the statement was simply inaccurate and that the deal could not possibly happen that quickly.
The meeting was believed to have included Khalid al-Midhar and Nawaq Alhazmi, who were among the Sept. 11 hijackers.
She pops in a Kiss compact disc.
The cause was a heart attack, said his wife, Su.
But if Lincoln Center were to build a new concert hall and give it a new name, it would only be obeying the logic of Mr. Fisher's own gift.
The Medtronic device has a price tag of about $27,000, and the cost can go as high as $40,000.
The film's personal focus may assume too much knowledge on the part of viewers, especially since this film would be a valuable teaching guide.
Information, telephone and fax (214) 853-5603 or www.urban-iconography.org.
Fitch Ratings, the third prominent rating agency, rates Iran slightly higher, at B+; Fitch is owned by the French company Finalac and has headquarters in London, so American export-license rules do not apply to it.
You may wish to provide teams with the following quotes to start: Kofi Annan (United Nations Secretary General): “Now that the parties are locked in the logic of war, we need to do all we can to move them back to the logic of peace.
''They're putting in these giant airportlike hubs for rail, and they're landing these trains out in the prairie,'' said Michael Fonda, a senior director of the real estate services firm Cushman & Wakefield in Rosemont, Ill., referring to this project and a smaller one in Rochelle, Ill., involving the Union Pacific Corporation.
''Warburg is benefiting from fixed-income, especially mortgage-backed securities from PaineWebber,'' said Peter Thorne, a banking analyst at Banque Pictet in Geneva.
A person in the car and the driver of the truck were both killed, the police said.
Because Donovan can play both midfield and forward, Arena also chose only four strikers in Mathis, Moore, Brian McBride and Josh Wolff.
''If there was a complete silence, a judge would probably go along with the wishes of the majority.''
As Edmundson depicts it, Medford is a school in name only, a holding pen for the rundown city's Italian and Irish (and a few Jewish and black) teenagers before they go into the military or to work in factories or civil service jobs or, in rare cases, to a state college.
Ford said it would provide $700 million for Ford Credit today.
But if you find yourself watching the N.B.A.
The authorities identified Mr. Schwartz on Dec. 31 through fingerprints, and F.B.I.
Representative Martin Olav Sabo of Minnesota, the senior Democrat on the subcommittee that deals with transportation spending, said, ''We keep getting changing details day by day.''
Work stopped abruptly last summer, leaving four two-story wooden frames, two trucks, a backhoe and an earthmover.
Holding a 10-foot length of half-inch copper pipe ''used for typical home water lines,'' he said.
Fairfax County Water Authority, Va., $173.3 million of water revenue bonds.
Dr. Davis said he planned to speak.
Cohen Brothers Realty Corporation of Manhattan held a grand opening on Thursday of 333 Westchester Avenue in White Plains, the 39-acre former headquarters of Kraft Foods.
''The International Olympic Committee should get to the root of it and not allow American mass media and amateurs to give marks to our skaters,'' Matviyenko said.
On one of those fumbles, early in the second quarter, Holiday was hit so hard helmet to helmet that he spent the rest of the half on the sideline.
is a bureaucratic trade organization made up of many Evil Empires, and it vibrates with its conflicting missions.
As usual, the Devils have not made any splashes in the free-agent market.
Anyone who worships Islam is the devil's child.
THE letter that reached Collin James, the purchasing manager and mentor coordinator for the Wyandanch School District, was handwritten and sent by an 8-year-old student.
Poulidor still travels with the race, representing sponsors and signing autographs more than a quarter-century after he retired.
The department proposed in September that insurance companies be required to adopt programs to better detect accounts opened expressly to hide illegal revenues.
He said he and the architect, Jean Nouvel, had gone out of their way to ensure that the corrugated steel structure, which will have 34 loft-style units selling for $2 million to $4 million apiece, fits in with the area's industrial character.
Like many states, Arkansas has essentially never limited the amount of water that farmers can pump from their land.
''If the security situation in Afghanistan does not improve further, we will make sure the international security forces are asked, together with the Afghan forces, to take a stronger role,'' Mr. Karzai said at a news conference where he discussed the murder of Abdul Rahman, the aviation and tourism minister, as well as the tribal clashes.
While board members were allowed to sell all of their shares back to the company, the unions that were shareholders were allowed to sell back only a fraction of their shares.
''Now that people here have thought about it, they know it's a bad idea.''
Alex testified on Wednesday that Mr. Chavis committed the killing and then rehearsed with the boys the story they were to tell.
A18 Dutch Candidate Is Slain Pim Fortuyn, a right-wing politician with aspirations of becoming prime minister, was shot to death.
But the same laity whom the prosecutor finds so emboldened must now be more willing to go directly to the police rather than to the rectory when their children tell of abuses, Mr. Allen said.
Schecter's writing is more leaden than Ketchum's; still, his book effectively superimposes the historical geography of the Revolutionary War on today's New York.
Footnotes At the outset of a coast-to-coast North American tour, ''Night,'' a monologue adapted and directed by Claude Vajda from Eli Wiesel's autobiographical Holocaust memoir of the same title and performed by Alain Mottet, will be presented by the Alliance Française at 8 tonight and at 8 Friday and Saturday at Gould Hall.
And I was so proud of our work I even had nice things to say about my friend Ted Kennedy.
The 44-year-old Cooksey returned to racing yesterday at Churchill Downs in Louisville, Ky., 10 months after she learned she had breast cancer.
''What's it going to do, make them play harder?''
Mr. Marcoux, 53, had accused the archbishop of sexually assaulting him more than 22 years ago.
I consumed my blueberry blintz in about the same time it took me to say Lomzynianka.
But he is also very soft-spoken -- so much so that he comes across to some as secretive and shy.
RECENT SALES: A 1,500-square-foot contemporary on 2.34 acres built in 1980, with a river view, just went on the market and sold in four days for $895,000 (Houlihan Lawrence, 845-265-5500; www.houlihanlawrence.com).
The new campaign finance reform law takes effect the morning after Election Day, and not a moment too soon.
cable and filled with Metallica albums, legal documents or both.
Russians put Pizza Hut's logo on a rocket last year (for a fee estimated at $1 million), allowed a couple of astronauts aboard Mir, the earlier space station, to sell pens on the QVC shopping channel, and filmed commercials for milk and Radio Shack, among others, in orbit.
''That's not something I would even discuss,'' Lamoriello said.
Noting that Raymond O'Connell, the superintendent of schools for Stratford ''still keeps asking me if I have changed my mind,'' she said, ''I don't think he's ever going to give up.''
The athletes have nicknames like Skindog, Snips and Flea.
Dr. Kahn, in turn, has become a matchmaker to her own patients because, she said, ''if someone does it for you, you have to do it for someone else.''
Taking a spade finesse would be essential if East held a doubleton king and all the remaining clubs.
They have four children: JJ (Will Estes), the rebellious oldest son; saucer-eyed young Will (Ethan Dampf), who wears a brace on one leg (the result of polio, which is not explained until a later episode); pigtailed Patty (Sarah Ramos), the brainy geek of the family; and plucky 15-year-old Meg (Brittany Snow), who dreams of becoming a regular on ''American Bandstand,'' Dick Clark's memorable Philly dance show.
We tested at meets we'd never tested at before.
At the top speed limit of 75 miles an hour, the 147-mile journey through the wheat fields, cork forests and olive groves of the Alentejo region now takes just a little over two hours in normal traffic on the mostly straight four-lane highway.
The fetal and maternal blood supplies do not directly mix, but components pass back and forth through tiny projections of the thin membrane called the chorion, which surrounds the fetus.
You can't make up for that game experience in a matter of three or four weeks.''
The Wizard of Oz may be exposed, but his Emerald City -- along with other shimmering images on glass from the silent era to the Star Wars series -- retains its magic.
And no pass rush, or too little of one, meant that an injured quarterback could pick and choose.
As Newark's hometown favorite in Tuesday's mayoral election, Mayor James, 66, relies on a largely African-American cadre of city employees, union operatives and opinionated retirees who consider the four-term mayor a reliable provider and something of an adopted son.
What were communications between Oppenheimer and Chevalier like while Chevalier was writing his memoir?
To the Editor: Re ''When Art Puts Down a Bet in a House of Games'' by Herbert Muschamp [April 14]: I would suggest another reason, in addition to those given by Mr. Muschamp, for the failure of Rem Koolhaas's Guggenheim Museum projects in Las Vegas.
As the sale, which takes place tomorrow evening, neared, Mr. Weisel agreed to talk about his decision to sell.
The spring diner menu includes an appetizer of lightly sautéed shad roe with fondant potato, asparagus and a salad of frisée, with a sherry wine vinegar and bacon sauce and a sorrel emulsion.
Alongside the chunky hummus and earthy merguez, served with slivers of dates, are appetizers like pistou, the Provençal vegetable soup, and fried sardines.
The researchers found that boys with high self-esteem were 2.4 times as likely to say they had had sex as the boys with low-self esteem.
Most of the dead were victims of a single missile fired into a crowded dirt road.
Having a single pronunciation for them gives us no trouble in speech.
The nine-game drought also matches the Rangers' longest since they went 11 games without a victory during the 1989-90 season.
Because the New Victory features family entertainments, it should be said that parents need not worry about the work's title.
But Mr. Berezovsky has yet to offer any evidence to back such claims.
Each of the winners, called Times Scholars, will receive $7,500 a year in college tuition for four years, along with a free computer, a $500-a-week summer job at the newspaper and a mentor from the staff of The Times.
Roche Holding, the Swiss pharmaceuticals group, obtained F.D.A.
The season's final work will be a new comedy written for the Globe: ''The Golden Ass,'' by Peter Oswald and based on the second-century Roman satirist Lucius Apuleius' account of the marriage of Cupid and Psyche.
But what most irks Mr. Gates is the suggestion that using Linux is ultimately cheaper than Windows.
But that did not happen.
His regime once ordered the killing of every person between the ages of 15 and 70 in certain Kurdish villages in northern Iraq.
But the general level remained 10 feet above the miners at 6 p.m., with the pumps lowering the flood at the rate of a foot an hour.
Instead of cork, the aluminum or stainless steel crown is now lined, rather, with a low-density polyethylene that has certain additives to give the plastic different barrier properties.
Days after the killing, Derek and Alex provided taped confessions to police investigators.
The museum plans to expand to 25,000 square feet in the next few years, including an interactive listening area with hundreds of old radio programs and a replica of a 1929 radio studio with live FM broadcasting.
The Liberty took their coach's words to heart and coasted to a 74-63 victory in front of 14,401 fans.
But the existence of two major regional disputes -- the Israeli-Palestinian turmoil and a looming conflict over Iraq -- seems to have pushed through a compromise.
The tiny Cape had never had much going for it, but it had been my childhood home, and no one had asked my permission to replace it -- let alone with something so startlingly wrong.
Rebe Eisenstein, Loving Family and Friends
The bride's stepfather, Richard Waters, is a financial counselor at Family Services of Tidewater, a social services agency in Norfolk.
If these investors had held more diversified portfolios, they would be sleeping a lot more soundly today.
So it is no small irony that the two Democrats seeking to oppose him in this year's election -- one of them Governor Cuomo's son -- have leveled the same sort of charges against him.
''We should've won two of three.''
Sales at stores open more than a year rose 2.5 percent at Barnes & Noble stores in the period and decreased 1 percent at B. Dalton Bookseller.
Instead, he found work as a messenger.
A3 Brazil Aids Venezuela In a show of support for Venezuela's embattled president, Hugo Chávez, the Brazilian government has sent an emergency shipment of 520,000 barrels of gasoline to help relieve shortages caused by a nationwide general strike, now in its fourth week, government officials said.
The little restaurant uses only natural ingredients.
Patients include professional, collegiate, high school and recreational athletes.
This is beauty in the classical sense: the logical simplicity of the apparatus, like the logical simplicity of the analysis, seems as inevitable and pure as the lines of a Greek monument.
The Reader's Digest Association will post a loss for the first quarter of its fiscal year after deciding to delay the recognition of some sales and profit from a publishing unit it acquired in May.
Omar Samad, a spokesman for the Foreign Ministry, said it was possible that the attack on Mr. Fahim was linked to the government's efforts to curtail the production of opium.
Pound cake was a particular favorite.
He planted his bombs on a Jenin bypass road -- one of the special roads built for Israeli settlers and soldiers -- and waited for an Israeli patrol.
So when Charles's father, James I, made peace with Spain (the opening episode in the Prado show), and in the 1620's began to seek a Spanish bride for his son, there began a fatal divide between royal policy and English public opinion.
and the Boys'' and ''Playland.''
Her mount, Gold Empress, a 4-year-old filly, led for much of the one-mile race but faltered in the stretch and gave way to Winner Within, who won by four and a half lengths.
SAN JOSE SABERCATS--Re-signed FB/LB Matt Kinsinger and OL/DL Cedric Pittman.
issued a material-witness warrant for Mr. Osbourne, describing him as weighing 120 pounds and of medium height.
CHARLES J. THOMAS North Hollywood, Calif., Jan. 30, 2002
Josef Joffe, the editor of Die Welt in Hamburg, recalls a common German quip: ''Every German is ready to tighten the belt, but on the other guy's belly.''
Everyone watching at home on television had known within minutes when the towers collapsed.
Even if he has a very relaxed and smiling air, there's something in his acting that's disconcerting, destabilizing, that provokes strangeness all the time.''
When her battery finally went dead (because of a faulty generator), two slightly awestruck cops gave me a friendly police escort to a temporary parking garage.
The Eastern Division champion will most likely be Marshall.
Some blacks see the French as racists, he said, because they distrust all French society.
The government expelled the acting head of the Minsk mission of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe.
''We have tried to diversify our range considerably by bringing out value products,'' said Ed Larson, AIM's chief investment officer.
But Mr. Zucker had decided that Mr. Daly could not go on without a signed contract.
Neither Tehran nor Baghdad will like Russian policies that mean what they say.
But it all ends when the federal estate tax is repealed, which is scheduled to happen on a phased-in basis leading up to 2010.
Reason for Optimism for E-Tailers The dot-com bust is old news.
At one time, some magazine and newspaper publishers perceived television and radio as rivals for ad revenue from makers of prescription drugs, but the media are now working together.
''This ship isn't moving,'' she said, when her Canterbury neighbor Martha Cameron, 83, visited.
Lights flashed and $2.50 clanked into the metal tray.
Two weeks ago, Mr. Monti met with Mr. Arison, who argued that the commission should evaluate the cruise market as part of the larger vacation market, minimizing the effect of antitrust issues.
Boulud is a suave and smiling host in the front of the house, and often a foulmouthed tyrant in the kitchen.
She's too fast for the subway, and she's too fast for them, too.''
President Bush has said repeatedly that in waging war on terrorism, the United States will work with countries that want to cooperate, but is prepared to act on its own.
His characters take the current conventional wisdom of the adult world and color it with their own meaning.
Biologists worry that this may not be enough to sustain the population.
Sun-wizened fellows in guayaberas, they tapped out a lively serenade of ''Bésame Mucho'' even though it was only 8 a.m. ''Veracruz -- where the music starts before you've finished breakfast,'' I said to myself, inventing a tourism slogan for the city where I spent three days in February.
Utah has won two straight after losing the first two games of a nine-game trip.
Muhammad Aslam Amiri, a 30-year-old working with the American aid group International Medical Corps, pointed out that the prophet Muhammad allowed his own wife and daughter to be educated.
-- New York Philharmonic, conducted by Leonard Bernstein (Sony Classical SMK 61841).
But is that voice drilling through the brain really necessary?
The promotion appeared to make Mr. Manley, 52, a strong contender in a struggle within the ruling Liberal Party to replace Mr. Chrétien.
''It may also be a commentary on how blacks feel on how secure blacks are in our society today.
The endorsement of the police union is significant because it may serve as a validation for Mr. James, who has portrayed himself as a leader of successful anticrime efforts.
''Brad really knew I wanted to do something different,'' Ms. Louis-Dreyfus said.
[Somali leaders issued a softer statement after Friday's meeting, saying: ''We understand the social and economic pressure that new entrants bring to the community.
DENNIS MOJICA A Dream Accomplished ''The first time I met him, I told people I had met a man that was 10 feet tall,'' Maria Barreto said about her fianc, Lt. Dennis Mojica, who was 5 feet 11 inches tall.
Only about 15 percent of Americans over 65 consume what nutrition experts say is a good diet for older people.
''A BEAUTIFUL MIND,'' starring Russell Crowe, Ed Harris and Jennifer Connelly.
'' Lewis will also become an even bigger target than he was to his coaching peers around the N.F.L.
The Navy is doing the salvaging, its divers breathing special gases to go deeper than recreational scuba divers can.
Le Pen made only two more public appearances.
Jason Giambi had a two-out single off Odalis Perez in the fourth and scored on Ramirez's single.
''I'm not even going to try to say that I can.''
On different days in the last week, hundreds of Palestinians -- old women in head scarves carrying grocery bags, young girls in school uniforms, businessmen talking on cellphones -- plodded both ways along a fenced-in corridor after waiting in line to present their papers to Israeli soldiers hunkered behind sandbags.
''It's yet another piece of bad news for an area that I believe has become immune to bad news,'' he said.
The recommendations were sent this week to Health and Human Services Secretary Tommy G. Thompson.
On a night when the Jayhawks' star guard, Kirk Hinrich, who had sprained an ankle in the first round, played a season-low 17 minutes largely because of foul trouble, their cause was furthered by the inspired play of another freshman, the 6-1 guard Aaron Miles.
Displaced Workers May Get Aid Republicans and Democrats in the Senate reached a tentative agreement on providing help to workers who lose their jobs to international competition.
Indeed, other than the N.F.L.
Here is a list of winners of the 2002 Emmy Awards, presented at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles on Sunday night by the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences: Comedy Series: ''Friends,'' NBC Drama Series: ''The West Wing,'' NBC Mini-Series: ''Band of Brothers,'' HBO Television Movie: ''The Gathering Storm,'' HBO Variety, Music or Comedy Series: ''Late Show With David Letterman,'' CBS Variety, Music or Comedy Special: ''America: A Tribute to Heroes,'' Tenth Planet Productions Actor, Comedy Series: Ray Romano, ''Everybody Loves Raymond,'' CBS Actor, Drama Series: Michael Chiklis, ''The Shield,'' FX Actor, Mini-Series or Movie: Albert Finney, ''The Gathering Storm,'' HBO Actress, Comedy Series: Jennifer Aniston, ''Friends,'' NBC Actress, Drama Series: Allison Janney, ''The West Wing,'' NBC Actress, Mini-Series or Movie: Laura Linney, ''Wild Iris,'' Showtime Supporting Actor, Comedy Series: Brad Garrett, ''Everybody Loves Raymond,'' CBS Supporting Actor, Drama Series: John Spencer, ''The West Wing,'' NBC Supporting Actor, Mini-Series or Movie: Michael Moriarty, ''James Dean,'' TNT Supporting Actress, Comedy Series: Doris Roberts, ''Everybody Loves Raymond,'' CBS Supporting Actress, Drama Series: Stockard Channing, ''The West Wing,'' NBC Supporting Actress, Mini-Series or Movie: Stockard Channing, ''The Matthew Shepard Story,'' NBC Individual Variety or Musical Performance: Sting, ''A&E in Concert: Sting in Tuscany .
Without warning, the boys scattered, their mothers shuttered their doors and the young men disappeared.
I've got a yard full of animals: three potbelly pigs, one rabbit, two ducks, five dogs, three cats, three fantailed pigeons, one turkey and a lot of chickens.
Greg Rusedski BRITAIN Ranked No.
What has not changed, at least at big parties, is that the person doing the grilling does not have any fun.
The winner goes on to the Empire State Leather contest in April.
During his radio show yesterday, Mr. Bloomberg took another shot: ''The succession, if the mayor were to drop dead, goes automatically to the public advocate.
At their hotel in Arlington, Tex., last week, Yankees players met with Donald Fehr, the executive director of the union.
Deer help us reflect on what it is about modern life that turns something so elegant into a pest.
Some of them accept the supply-side belief that taxes are too high on corporations and the affluent and voted in favor of the Bush administration's huge tax cut.
''The Phantom of the Opera,'' the last of Mr. Mackintosh's hugely successful hits from the 1980's and early 90's, is still running and will soon become the third-longest-running show in Broadway history.
The 1943 team's 40-man roster had 24 players who were 4-F and 9 others who were 17 or 18 years old.
The jury later deadlocked and Rabbi Neulander faces a new trial.
Kelly Dawn Robinson and Seth Howard Caswell were married last evening at the Café La Princesa in Old San Juan, P.R.
A line of red-white-and-blue graffiti-splashed designer sportswear by Stephen Sprouse, rolled out for the Fourth of July, was a one-time arrangement and is not being renewed.
What do you think about using Google to check up on another person?
Aaron Lucas scored 16 points and Jamel Bradley added 14 for South Carolina (19-14), which shot 61 percent in the second half.
Also on the program on July 20 is Richard Danielpour's concerto for orchestra ''Zoroastrian Riddles.''
Though not a member of the group, the billionaire investor Warren E. Buffett participated in yesterday's news conference from his office in Omaha.
While some leadership scholars try to plumb the depths of rulers' psyches -- or measure specific traits like charisma, motivation and emotional intelligence -- others ignore personality altogether, emphasizing political systems and institutions, the reciprocal benefits of leader-follower interactions or any number of economic and social variables.
So I challenge Israel to take concrete steps to support the emergence of a viable, credible Palestinian state.
in his last seven starts.
Those are the first words of ''Miss Vera's Cross-Dress for Success: A Resource Guide for Boys Who Want to Be Girls'' (Villard, $12.95).
In Chicago's Millennium Park, on Michigan Avenue near Lake Michigan, 4-foot-by-6-foot prints are on display, laminated to protect them from sunlight and rain.
LITTAUER-Rudolf M. Of Poughquag, N.Y. and Sarasota, FL.
That would require the ability to at least answer the phone.
The greatest challenge, several employees said, is accurately deciphering the hasty scrawl of the ticket writers, who are employees of various city agencies as well as police officers.
The last time the Yankees lost without playing the maximum number of games in a postseason series -- the six-game 1981 World Series -- Steinbrenner apologized to the city of New York.
The game was shown after midnight on Soviet television and was rebroadcast the next day to a stunned public.
The system, which Moxi intends to license to satellite and cable operators, is built on a vision of a grand media convergence in which TV viewers in any room of the house will have access to all kinds of digital video, music and Internet data.
But the country ought not to be led into war on the basis of information the American people are not allowed to share.
But a senior administration official says no disrespect for the conventions was intended: This is a new kind of war, in which the rules we followed for more than 50 years don't necessarily apply, either as a matter of principle or by their terms, and it would be inappropriate in practice to provide some of the privileges that are given to P.O.W.
Her only son, Jeffrey M. Taylor of Pasadena, California, survives Mrs. Taylor White.
''I thought these groups had died down.
The first two pass attempts from Chad Pennington (22 for 34, 265 yards) were broken up, and the Jets, already 0 for 6 on third downs, faced the biggest one of the season.
The experience was a reminder that Yemen is, belatedly, trying to crack down on terrorism.
''You can't survive here as a boss,'' he tells Octavia, ''without understanding all the class issues hurled around this yard like bricks through windows.''
For the statue, these men will be morphed into one white, one black and one Latino -- a case, critics say, of historical accuracy being sacrificed on the altar of political correctness.
He fingered people who were obviously innocent, routinely discarded evidence, scrawled important investigative information on his legs and arms, changed some of his testimony from trial to trial, and stumbled frequently into legal trouble himself.
Still, I introduced her to some Russian ballerinas, and she said she would finance a performance.
In an interview before the elections, Rasul Bakhsh Rais, director of an American studies center at Quaid-i-Azam University in Islamabad, said anti-Americanism was simmering among the urban middle class and elite.
And the Pentagon has started environmental monitoring for areas where it sends troops.
''We have doubts about Argentina's currency,'' said Mirta Pavicich, a farmer in Córdoba province.
She has new movies opening three weeks in a row: ''Igby Goes Down'' on Friday, ''The Banger Sisters'' on Sept. 20 and ''Moonlight Mile'' on the 27th.
Experts speak of the human reflex to block out threatening thoughts and images, like the way that some people in New York City sought to compartmentalize the trade center collapse, even as the acrid smell of destruction continued to waft uptown.
If granted, the senators said, these rights of way would cause significant environmental damage.
''A Lawyer's Life,'' written with David Fisher, the author of, among other books, ''Gracie,'' with George Burns, presents readers with ample evidence to support both views.
State Senator Diane Allen said she would vote to send troops if the purpose was to stand with Israel and resist terrorism.
Fiercely independent in mind and action.
Will Mr. Pavarotti recover in time to perform in what many suspect will be -- or would have been -- his last appearance at the Met, where his lyrical voice has enthralled audiences since his 1968 debut in ''La Bohème.''
West Nile virus claimed its first life in New York City this year as a 73-year-old man from Jackson Heights, Queens, died of the disease on Sunday, health officials announced yesterday.
''We are working in partnership with the S.E.C.,'' said Christopher Christie, the United States attorney for New Jersey.
It was conducted by Mathematica, a research corporation, under a state contract that forbids public release of the findings without approval by state officials.
GOLDSTEIN-Arnold P. Dr. Arnold P. Goldstein, 68, an international expert on non-violent conflict resolution, died February 16, 2002, at his home in Syracuse, NY.
Still, Mr. Aronsohn insisted that the governor had not specifically instructed agencies not to answer questions without checking for the official policy.
They are now forced to understand that the censorship that they allowed the Putin government to impose on the press cannot ensure security and stability.
Funeral Mass Saint Mary Church, Stonington, Monday, 10AM.
It means ''Teletubbies'' on demand ($9.95 a month, other children's shows included).
But Guri Ademi, a lawyer at Ademi & O'Reilly, a firm in Cudahy, Wis., that represents Van Wagoner shareholders in the lawsuit, said, ''We think those markdowns were not accurately done.''
Morris has fared poorly in his last two starts and has struggled generally since the death of his teammate Darryl Kile on June 22.
''Obviously, it was simpler to change the footnotes, but not sufficient either for the reader or myself,'' Ms. Goodwin said.
''We recognized our responsibility for our billing mistakes,'' Ogilvy said in a statement last week, ''and cooperated fully with the government to resolve them.''
But several studies since the 1960's have shown that schools without honor codes tend to have about twice as much cheating as those with them.
Recalled OF Timo Perez from Norfolk of International League.
''You know when everyone's watching, your mom and dad, your friends in high school who thought they were better than you,'' Alexander said, ''you get your chance to get in the spotlight and shine.''
Better yet, we could focus on how this story became a story in the first place: the people who create this type of world for a 17-year-old high school junior.
It's also helped by the two best performances.
In the span of one match yesterday, the Czech-born American legend who morphed from a stocky outsider on the Tour in the 80's to a fit political advocate in the 90's was wearing the label as a progressive.
He also likes to slap the arms of his chair, bounce himself a foot into the air and then land on the hip he wasn't using before he launched.
Construction workers paused from their task of clearing the grim site known as ground zero.
But people have such variability in size, shape, age and patterns of metabolizing drugs, not to mention concurrent illnesses and necessary medicines, that the notion of a single optimal treatment makes no sense, he said.
They can be reversed to admit those legitimately fleeing persecution with no sacrifice to American safety.
A professor emeritus of soil science and forestry at North Carolina State University, Mr. Sanchez is the author or editor of books in English, Spanish and Portuguese on tropical soil and forestry.
The financial impact of abuse lawsuits against dioceses in the United States will be significant but probably not catastrophic, said Joseph Claude Harris, financial officer for the St. Vincent de Paul Society in Seattle and the author of ''The Cost of Catholic Parishes and Schools,'' a book on church finances.
This afternoon, officials confirmed her identity.
had seven such streaks, the N.L.
''The judge's primary concern is to protect the unsecured creditors and the creditors in general, not the customers,'' Mr. Andrew said.
People like to be asked to vote.''
Mr. Kontos said people often buy four or five at a time and compare the design sensibility of each.
He graduated from the University of Southern California in Los Angeles.
I have never been in an oriental restaurant, whether Thai, Indonesian, Indian, Chinese or Japanese, fusion or not, that does not serve rice.
He also had a boat that he and his wife would often take to an offshore island.
The Devils had sent 19 not-very-threatening shots at him, and the otherwise woeful Sabres had a cushy two-goal lead.
Broken windows says the ''little things'' are important.
Anyone refusing to speak could be held in contempt, and anyone lying could be charged with perjury -- but all witnesses would be granted only narrow immunity, allowing later prosecutions based on leads generated in Congress.
They came in with a blatant attempt to roll the legislature and impress everyone with how important they were compared to podunk Oregon.
Someone blows up two U.S. embassies in East Africa with truck bombs, and we still don't imagine that someone would sail an exploding dinghy into a destroyer, the U.S.S.
Their creditors want profit from their prices, not losses.''
The Board of Directors and members of the Physicians Relief Fund mourn the untimely death of its caring and compassionate president.
MIKE PIAZZA threw out CRISTIAN GUZMAN trying to steal second base in the first inning, the second base-stealer Piazza has thrown out in his last three attempts.
In 1994, before his election to fill a vacant Senate seat, he campaigned in a red pickup, presumably to dispel his aura as a high-powered lawyer and Hollywood actor.
She is survived by her second husband, Dr. Louis Reiss; two sons, Dr. Prasad Jallepalli and Satish Jallepalli; two stepdaughters, Shauna and Stephanie Reiss; her mother, Radha Rampalli; and three sisters, Padma, Sita and Vijayanti Rampalli.
Dr. William Yonushonis, who directs the animal resources program, said he employed a student part time just to send out letters to answer them.
The site will ultimately cost about $3 million and is financed by individuals, corporations (which donated building materials), grants from the Thaw Charitable Trust, the Andy Warhol Foundation and others, and earnings from sales of Mr. Ross's other work.
Mr. Stevens, who worked at Editor & Publisher before moving to High Society 17 years ago, said writers had not fared well at sex magazines.
WEDNESDAY Delaware, $225 million of debt securities.
The two companies compete as intermediaries executing bond, currency and other trades for investment banks.
Lee Cotman of Long Island is one of them.
The chairwoman is Mildred Aristide, wife of President Jean-Bertrand Aristide.
Yet one can make this glorious sound and the other can't.
''That was an ordinary event which, we think, was artifically blown out of all proportion by certain mass media,'' Mr. Ivanov said.
You need someone to look at what you are doing.
In Helmand Province, four people died in a similar encounter with government inspectors, officials said.
Robert M. Morgenthau, the Manhattan district attorney To announce, with his reputation intact as dean of prosecutors, that he will retire at the end of his current term in three years, paving the way for an orderly transition from the Morgenthau era -- which began in 1975, when he was 55 years old -- to the next generation.
Brey preached patience and Notre Dame responded.
With the Saints last season, he was demoted for poor practice habits.
John G. Rowland, a Republican, and his Democratic challenger, Bill Curry, left, released competing plans yesterday to punish corporate fraud in Connecticut.
Included are treasures that are almost always on display in London, like one of the museum's proud red granite lions from the 18th dynasty.
(Many of them have cracks and hard-to-remove stains).
But all of these methods require some fiddling to set up.
Four men, then between the ages of 50 and 65, decided something had to be done about the town budget.
Pfizer faces a wider investigation by states over its marketing of the epilepsy drug Neurontin to doctors, a Washington State official said in a court filing today.
Before President Nixon's time, they'd sweep those charges under the rug.''
''Sometimes you have to raise your goals as the season goes on.''
As Williams made clear in his 1970 book, ''The Science of Hitting,'' written with John Underwood and published by Simon & Schuster, his swing and every other facet of his batting had been honed during thousands of hours of practice, including one famous incident when a mighty midnight practice swing smashed a hotel bedpost, sending a terrified Boston teammate tumbling to the floor.
A1 Delay in Beijing Congress A crucial Communist Party meeting that is to choose the next generation of China's leaders will convene on Nov. 8, a few weeks later than usual, the party announced.
The entire route takes 40 minutes and covers about four miles.
''I thought, 'Let me go online, try to find someone, and just see what happens,' '' Ms. Beck said.
The United States and the monetary fund have a lot riding on Brazil, politically as well as economically.
And don't expect a sweeps baby to save a failing series, either.
Sixteen people are facing charges in connection with a tunnel fire that killed 155 people in November 2000, the Justice Ministry said.
The government did not oppose Mr. Cohn's request.
''We are certain that over the course of time, as the evidence comes out, that it will show that Robert committed no criminal act,'' he said.
They visited archives maintained by the ''peace churches'' -- Quaker, Mennonite, Brethren.
SWEET SLUMBER To bring a summer garden's delicate scents indoors and perhaps even into your dreams, spray l'Occitane's Bonne Mere Linen Water onto your sheets, pour it into your iron or add it to the rinse cycle of your washing machine.
''He is like Joseph Beuys,'' Ms. Sawon said, referring to the influential German artist and teacher, who died in 1986.
''I thought she was qualified for the job,'' he said, noting that his cousin had a Ph.D. Dr. Mason has not worked for Coca-Cola and it is unclear if she was ever offered a job.
It counts only Mexicans and not migrants who pass through from Central America or elsewhere.)
TWELVE By Nick McDonell 244 pages.
Even in foreign policy, where unilateralism and the repudiation of partnerships might suggest a muscular governmental policy, there is a tendency to treat the international sector as a Hobbesian ''state of nature,'' anarchic and disorderly, where ''force and fraud are cardinal virtues'' and the life of men is ''nasty, brutish and short.''
''Despite repeated attempts by his family and his counsel to see him, John has not been given access to a lawyer,'' the statement said.
Fortune, which also makes Jim Beam liquor, Moen faucets and Titleist golf balls, expects annual cabinet sales of more than $1.1 billion after the acquisition.
He graduated from Pomona College in Claremont, Calif. His parents, Dr. Jane H. Hall and Dr. David B.
Such views are not typical of religious conservative leaders.
Dreyfus owns 1.9 million shares of Station in several mutual funds.
Had he not chosen a career in art, the world would have gained an accomplished composer and pianist.
There is magic here, but what lifts this radiant novel beyond run-of-the-mill fantasy is its palpable respect for both the struggle to grow up and the mixed blessings of growing old.
''It had too many balls in the air,'' he said, ''but its stock will recover.''
Certainly ''Revelations'' is in a class by itself, but few match the humanity, humor and ferocious intensity of his dances and the pleasure of the American jazz, folk, popular and religious music to which they are often set.
With baseball back, it's sad that wine usually defeats a hot dog.
Despite the Republicans' political cheer, the White House does not want to be seen as exploiting the new cabinet agency -- and the fears of Americans -- for political gain.
To them, as well as to critics in the United States, the speech was an ill-conceived signal whose effect would be to rally Palestinians around Mr. Arafat, and to encourage Prime Minister Ariel Sharon to further escalate his assault on the Palestinians.
''It was going to be impossible to make this happen because of the costs involved and because potential lenders to the show have become reluctant to ship valuable art,'' she said.
Even so, Wisconsin, which has the 10th-biggest public fund, will not be represented at the meeting, he said.
They have essentially scrapped the spread offense, which was added last off-season because it was a favorite of Vinny Testaverde.
This is not an acceptable way for residents of Long Island or any other place to live.
''It's an effort to make it look like something is going on, but I don't think anything is going to come of it,'' said Gary R. Schoener, a psychologist in Minneapolis who has been consulted in more than 1,000 sexual abuse cases involving priests.
Mr. Duncan acknowledged that he did; Mr. Hardin responded by asking if the prosecutors had ''the hammer'' over him.
Approximate running times are in parentheses.
''We don't tell the Office of Homeland Security about recommendations, only about decisions,'' said Peter F. Verga, special assistant to the secretary of defense for domestic security.
The grape juice is about $12 for 25.4 ounces at Whole Foods Markets, Balducci's, Dean & DeLuca and Healthy Pleasures stores.
Last year, both companies saw their revenues drop precipitously.
The Democrats won that special election, a victory that drew attention beyond the district because it restored the party's majority in the Nassau County Legislature.
A brief report last Sunday misstated the location of the funeral of Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother.
Without magnesium, there is no magnesium diboride.
Florida, along with 26 other states, conforms with certain provisions of federal education law only because of a waiver granted by the Department of Education.
Within a few weeks, most subway service was back and the bridges had reopened.
Investors, lawmakers, regulators and, increasingly, consumers, are engrossed with that question as the large local phone carriers known as the Baby Bells struggle with their first decline in customers since the Depression.
Keith Van Horn, who scored 10 of his 21 points in the fourth quarter, led the Sixers' comeback try, finally getting the better of O'Neal, who bullied him most of the game.
In an effort to expand its reach in the highly coveted Hispanic consumer market in the United States, TV Azteca, a Mexican production company and broadcaster, is expected to announce formally on Tuesday the addition of a New York affiliate for its Azteca America network.
Despite missing three full seasons while serving as a Navy pilot in World War II and losing most of two seasons while a Marine pilot in the Korean War, he had the American League's highest slugging average eight times, led the league in runs scored six times, led in runs batted in and in home runs four times and captured the triple crown twice, a feat equaled only by Rogers Hornsby.
Friday at 8 p.m. Tickets: $32.
He held that the sea was ''a great molder of character.''
To date, all official public statements have been staunchly opposed to the war.
The typical Morgan Stanley broker generates annual revenue of less than $300,000, compared with about $560,000 for Merrill's brokers, Mr. Moszkowski estimates.
''The gorillas' cholesterol levels dropped by 100 milligrams when we took all the meat and eggs out of the adult diet, gave them a bigger habitat so they could get more exercise, increased their fiber intake by adding browse and high-fiber biscuits and replaced sweet fruits with more vegetables,'' she said.
With some players unaware that a fumble had taken place, nobody bothered to touch Emmons while he was on the ground, so he alertly rose and scampered 44 yards for a touchdown, giving the Eagles a 24-7 lead.
There is already a $140 million parking garage project under way.
''Fighting fires was her life.''
He will attend several other events, among them a gathering at which Mr. Giuliani was booed in years past.
''In West Sayville it is up to the town of Islip,'' he said.
''I don't think we averted a famine,'' he said.
Four spades can always succeed.
Mark Groce, a spokesman for the agency, added that transit workers had visited Mrs. Zazzali's house several weeks ago.
He later had a small role in the movie ''Ransom,'' which led to a bigger role in the movie ''Joe the King.''
Recent exhibitions included bright, geometric wall paintings by Sol LeWitt and short films by the Iranian director Shirin Neshat.
This is the humbled face of the new Enron, beleaguered, embattled and under siege.
Just last week, Mr. O'Neill roiled financial markets and created a diplomatic flap when he suggested on the television program ''Fox News Sunday'' that to obtain additional aid, Latin American nations needed policies to ''assure that, as assistance money comes, that it does some good and it doesn't just go out of the country to Swiss bank accounts.''
There is more emphasis on the back in the next and main duet as Ms. Kowroski reaches behind to grasp Mr. Askegard's hand as he turns her.
This regulatory body's creation is a direct response to the glaring conflicts of interest that accounting firms had been engaging in, and to the industry's notoriously weak history of disciplining its own.
One of the great conveniences of the modern bank machine is that the customer never has to talk to a live person.
If Hollywood didn't invent the happy ending, it holds the record for smooth touchdowns on those two-hour nonstops to the land of answered prayers and second chances.
Representatives of the agencies served on Mr. Cheney's energy task force.
But many industries are just beginning to recognize that the law will apply to them.
Suzannah Louise Shogren, the daughter of Cynthia Hawkins Shogren and Tony M. Shogren of Hobe Sound, Fla., was married yesterday to Julian Haber Kinsman, the son of Rowena E. H. Kinsman of Withybrook, England, and David J. J. Kinsman of Windermere, England.
Within two weeks of Cruise's seeing the film, a deal was in place for Paramount to acquire domestic rights from Lions Gate for about $3 million.
The boots have been worn by walking.
Come midday, we'd emerge from the shady canyons to find hazy sunshine bleaching Anza-Borrego.
The format and colors derive from Chinese scrolls.
it's treasures are mine: fifty-third and fifth; early spring in central park; purple skies at night; corner flower stalls; getting lost in the village; indie-film-mainstream!
I was right to tell Bartlett that she may not call herself ''Doctor.''
continued to rumble about vestiges, but it also knew that, practically, an appeal would mean holding up the schools for at least another three years.
Priory Healthcare, a chain of drug and alcohol rehabilitation clinics where musicians, supermodels and the superrich go to receive treatment, has agreed to be sold to a group of its managers for £288 million ($420 million), people close to the company said today.
Many in the accounting profession were insulted by the very decision to create the board, and fear that it will be unreasonably tough.
Wall Street, in particular, is an important driver of the city's economy.
Visitation will be held at The Jacob A. Holle Funeral Home, 2122 Millburn Avenue, Maplewood, New Jersey on Wednesday, 2-4 and 7-9 PM.
Legally, municipalities must respond to constituent concerns about unsafe sidewalks and roads for liability reasons.
Mr. Hoeft had represented Elgin, a Chicago suburb, since 1993.
''Some families that were fingerprinted told me, 'But at least they're not beating us,' '' he said.
''It's been systemic,'' Eugene says, ''and it's not enough for Catholic people to say, 'Isn't this awful,'' and, 'Here's my check.'
The book touches down in 1969 to find astronauts noticing the glow of erotic energy from Trachimbrod's location.
How could a country with such pretty beaches, I figured, become an international problem?
''More urgently, you must stop the bombing of civilian areas, the assassinations, the unnecessary use of lethal force, the demolitions and the daily humiliation of ordinary Palestinians.''
Eyetech, based in Midtown Manhattan, is in its final phase of trials.
But their method of reaching the English-speaking community is not as effective.
Now interest rates are low; inflation is dead.
''A hydrangea isn't just a hydrangea anymore.''
When state and local taxes are combined, New York still ranks at the top in terms of taxes as a percentage of personal income.
There was excitement in his voice as he described how his gardener's crew had prepared his soil for seed.
Race-day registration, $30, $20 for members, $12 for junior and senior members.
Mrs. Levine uses her system that way, too.
Prosecutors never disclosed what crime they suspected, but legal experts said possibilities included bribery or some kind of voter fraud.
Courts have ruled that the law does not oblige teachers to follow so-called best practices with disabled children or to help them reach their full potential.
''We make quick decisions and get on with it,'' Mr. McKinney said.
She is riled by all the checking out of babies at her park, at Fifth Avenue and 76th Street.
Tomorrow, 11 a.m. to 6 p.m.
Improving her putting stroke was the final step that secured Sorenstam's dominance.
Even though a third of all the new books in 2001 were adult fiction, children's works or in the field of sociology and economics, Melville House will issue ''Poetry After 9/11,'' an anthology of New York poets, and ''A Reader's Manifesto,'' in which the critic B. R. Meyers attacks pretentiousness in the work of such literary luminaries as Don DeLillo and Cormac McCarthy.
''The summer is what we are worried about,'' he said.
He remarked that the army tends to blame Acehnese whenever a bomb goes off.
The Pakistani police were searching for an accomplice.
Yesterday, New England crushed Carolina, 38-6, to come all the way back after starting the season with a 1-3 record and looking lost.
He retired from that post in June 1992.
She said the company did not admit any wrongdoing but thought it was best to settle the case.
Islanders Coach Peter Laviolette laughed tonight that everyone on Long Island will be a Rangers fan for a day.
Only three months ago, the Taliban and Al Qaeda were thought to be largely defeated in Khost Province, and most local energy was focused on the struggle that erupted when Padsha Khan Zadran, a longtime local warlord and ally of the Americans, tried to shoot his way into power in Khost and nearby Paktia Province.
Kamiokande, a tank of half a million gallons of very pure water a mile deep in a zinc mine in Japan, had been built to record the disintegration of protons by registering the time and direction of flashes of light produced in the water by high-energy fragments flying away.
We have to make painful decisions.''
In September the show enters its 12th season, set in Las Vegas, on the heels of ''The Real World: Chicago,'' whose July finale garnered more viewers than any episode in the history of the series.
There were some bugs yesterday, like links to three-day-old articles on the woman accused of beating her child outside a department store.
Only those who ate the chocolate bars, white or brown, said their cravings were satisfied, suggesting that satisfaction was induced by the sensory properties of the candy bars -- the aroma, taste and texture -- rather than the chemicals in cocoa.
In 1985, Americans imported 70,000 square feet of carpet from Nepal.
He strongly backs President Bush's policies on Iraq, believes decisive action against global terrorists is long overdue, views a vibrant economy as the best defense against terrorism, and supports heightened domestic security.
New district lines factored into the other upsets, but this contest turned on local issues.
BROOKS ARTS CENTER ''The Real Inspector Hound'' by Tom Stoppard and ''The Duck Variations'' by David Mamet.
So Congress set up a trading system in which power companies can buy and sell ''allowances'' to emit sulfur dioxide.
To the Editor: Contrary to ''How to Try a Terrorist'' (editorial, Dec. 29), trying Al Qaeda leaders for violating the laws of armed conflict would not legitimize their attack on America as warfare.
Nobody is killing us as much as they are.''
''Dodsworth'' and ''It Can't Happen Here'' were his biggest successes, both artistically and commercially, but his particular insights and gifts had had their day.
A lot of what they're doing, it turns out, is blogging.
Changing the accounting rule governing options, which analysts say could cut the reported profits of large companies on average by 10 percent or more, has gained some political support since the collapse of Enron, Global Crossing and WorldCom in rapid succession.
Mr. Freeman shows himself, once again, incapable of giving a bad performance.
So I am listening to Frank Muller narrate ''A Tale of Two Cities'' (Barnes & Noble), Ian McKellen recite Homer (Penguin) and David Horovitch dryly ennact Turgenev's ''Fathers and Sons'' (Audio Partners).
But this movie, a chaotic caper film at heart, wrecks its comic tone with some moments of gruesome violence.
''We simply cannot sustain the world's population without free markets, increased capitalization and their corresponding technological and intellectual innovation.
The union, the bus companies and the city reached a tentative deal on Saturday after a majority of City Council members backed a resolution calling for job security for the bus workers, and after City Hall promised to give the companies a $3.75 million advance to pay for health coverage.
Where else?,'' with now-and-then spots that painstakingly recreate scenes of everyday life from the 20th century.
''It's a kind of fanatical fan base, and it crosses all age groups.''
Heimo Zobernig also pursues an art-about-art ad absurdum tack, in installations and videos that treat classical Modernism as a kind of do-it-yourself kit of formal effects.
When he retired in 1903, a new generation inherited his legacy.
I am shocked that this little guy is being questioned over all the other stuff on TV.
He was thinking not so much of any one film but of a book called ''Fellini's Faces,'' edited by Christian Strich.
Mr. Barnevik also created the world's second-biggest paper maker by fusing Stora of Sweden with Enso of Finland.
By printing and delivering as demand requires, there is no waste of transporting books back and forth between warehouses and bookstores.
That would take 18 to 21 months, well past the date Congress specified, Mr. DeCosta said.
Some private flights will be barred to make it easier for the Air Force to track the remaining flights, said Monte Belger, the acting administrator of the agency.
JONATHAN PORCELLI Brooklyn, Dec. 5, 2002
''Buyers of the smallest season-ticket plan can plan on getting playoff tickets every season,'' Chadwin said.
In a brief comment about Oliwa, Sather said, ''Players like that are in demand -- a big, strong guy who can do a lot of interesting things.''
Why was her daughter stricken?
The best Mom ever of John, Mary, & Annie and beloved ''Mommee'' of Sarah, Kate, Sophie, Albyn, Madeleine, and Nick.
TO many investors, 1-800 Contacts Inc. looks like a cheap stock.
Ms. Kroeper, 38, is the person who makes sure things go smoothly for everybody else, and she's been doing so for 20 years.
A24 NEW YORK/REGION B1-6 Identity Theft Ring Had More Than 30,000 Victims An identity-theft ring that relied on a low-level employee of a Long Island software company stole the credit histories of more than 30,000 people and used them to empty bank accounts, take out false loans, and run up charges on credit cards, among other crimes, federal authorities in Manhattan said.
The witty, voluble drummer Matt Wilson comes from west-central Illinois, as did Sandburg, the poet and author of ''American Songbag.''
He is survived by two children, four grandchildren, a great grandson, three siblings and many relatives and friends.
Mr. Straub was elected state treasurer in 1964 and served two terms.
The federal appeals court in San Francisco ruled that the Clean Water Act did apply to deep ripping, upholding a $500,000 fine and an order to restore four acres of former wetlands that Mr. Tsakopoulos had plowed for his project.
Because of his relationship with G.E., Mr. Welch and his wife also got discounts on diamonds and jewelry settings.
The Thomas Henry Museum in Cherbourg, France, for instance, had never had an work stolen since it opened in 1835.
An internal inquiry by Merrill Lynch found no trace of such an agreement, and both Mr. Bacanovic and Mr. Faneuil were suspended with pay in June.
They have the sort of assuredness that the Yankees wielded like a light saber in recent postseasons, a trait rooted in the knowledge that they have won before.
After New York's tolls changed last year, fewer cars used the bridges during morning rush hour, and more did so from 5 a.m. to 6 a.m, when the roads are less crowded, the Port Authority said.
The older people in the jobs earn, on average, $12.42 an hour, more than twice the minimum wage, but as high as $26 an hour.
My mother always uses it to make flowers on top.
Despite today's bleak statistics, few economists think that Germany is at risk of tumbling back into a recession.
''He's got the potential to get the record,'' Cottrell said of Abraham.
''That was one of the reasons,'' said Hollis Price, who had 23 points for Oklahoma (24-2, 13-3).
Just last month, it announced plans to buy Burger King, which has been losing market share, for $2.26 billion.
The second difference is that people can identify with someone who's ripping off welfare, i.e., their taxes, rather than a very complex corporate scheme, off-the-books partnerships, that are very remote.
Mr. Reichardt has been focusing on repairing the company's credit operation.
Her father is a partner in Salenger & Sack, a Manhattan law firm.
I knew about those: six books sold the previous night (three to a former student still protesting his grade, one to a skinhead who also collects butterflies, ''only the wings,'' one to someone who says, ''Just your name; no inscription,'' one to a person who likes your work ''because it's not too serious.
(The club rents boats to those who don't own them.)
Opposes New Agency Director Robert Mueller of the F.B.I.
''If the commission holds that money,'' he said, ''my money says customers will never see that $36 million.''
agents in searching for and arresting terrorism suspects and has outlawed and blocked the assets of many entities that are thought to be linked to terrorism.
But it also has flashes of the theatrical exuberance and extravagant fancy that is so specifically Mr. Guare's.
Like the 16-millimeter short film that arrived in the mailbox of the recording artist Beck after Mr. Gondry had been hired to direct a video for his 1997 hit ''Dead Weight.''
His success at selling that approach to skeptical marketers enabled his agency, Chiat/Day, to grow from a regional shop with 50 employees and billings of $8 million at a single office in Los Angeles in 1968 to an international creative force with 1,200 employees and billings of $1.3 billion at its peak in the early 90's.
Residents of the rural areas remain concerned, however, she said as she and Pam Guillet chatted at the New England Crafters shop Ms. Guillet owns on Main Street in Killingly.
The scene did indeed eerily mirror the attack on the World Trade Center, with television images of smoke billowing out of the top of a glass-and-steel monolith, and bloodied, dazed workers staggering on glass-carpeted streets as others ran.
''And I said, well, do you mind if I stick my magazine in the camera lens?
The hearing had been scheduled for Thursday.
That's good enough for me.''
A color photograph of Mr. Bodrov, clad in a windbreaker, took up a quarter of the page.
Contributions in his memory may be made to Memorial Sloan-Kettering Hospital and Cancer Center, 1275 York Avenue, New York, New York 10021.
Of course, it's possible that Broadway has become too homely a sister to Hollywood to generate its own matinee idols ever again.
''It's been a great year for the magazine,'' she says, folding her legs beneath her with a cheerleader's flexibility.
* Source Enterprises, New York, to PASS Marketing, New York, as first agency of record for the company's properties, which include The Source magazine and the annual Source Awards.
Ms. Kitt's home is on the market for $1.55 million.
Weeks This On Week List Nonfiction 1 2 ABLE FOR TWO, by Nora Roberts.
''But he didn't seem himself after that, so we had an ultrasound done on him.
The director, John Schultz, gets a lot from his little star -- not, incidentally, his Lil star, since Bow Wow has decided that the next evolutionary stage in his career involves dropping the adjective from his nom de hip-hop.
Mr. Colanéri even has a trick question to separate the amateurs from the pretenders: ''What does criollo mean to you?''
The last pope to willingly resign was Celestine V in 1294.
As he spoke, a yellow backhoe cleared bomb rubble for a commercial and hotel complex, with Kandahar's first underground parking.
The change is apparent in small ways, too.
In Branford, CT, December 26, Ruth Crabbs Moore, devoted wife of Millard S. Moore for 73 years.
There were signs of struggle by the apartment's door, said Detective Robert Price.
As early supporters of President Hamid Karzai against the Taliban, the villagers of Kakrak never thought they would be targets of American guns, Mr. Shah said.
''I was lucky enough to get out at the right time, but now a lot of people are maxed out on their credit cards and just have not figured out they should stop spending,'' said Mr. Bucci, who was shopping with his wife and three sons.
Families of a 26-year-old Australian man and a pair of young British citizens captured with fighters for Al Qaeda and the Taliban in Afghanistan and now held at an American military base in Cuba are about to go to court in Washington to demand the men's freedom, lawyers involved with their court challenge said today.
ConAgra Beef of Greeley, Colo., is voluntarily recalling 354,200 pounds of fresh and frozen ground beef products that may be contaminated with E. coli bacteria, the Agriculture Department announced today.
These are the yachtsmen who lost their spinnaker on Tuesday but managed to hold off the Italian sloop Prada during the final leg.
Harris is only one of many key Nets who is failing to deliver in the biggest series in franchise history.
''That's where all of the great players are saving their shots.
Tomorrow at 10 p.m.; tickets are $75 in advance, $85 at the door (Sanneh).
Mr. Thompson, the health secretary, signed contracts with two companies -- Acambis, a biotechnology concern, and Baxter, the pharmaceutical giant -- for a total of 209 million doses.
''I think it's one of those situations where you're like that gunfighter and you walk into town and everybody clears out except that one person.
The agreement does not address the issue of sovereignty, nor do the Inuit renounce their own claims to northern portions of Quebec.
Do they have a potential for accounting abuses or trading abuses?
On Tuesday, it will become Vanderbilt Station.
Ms. Chan fears that even if this second lawsuit is won, there may be more to come.
Prevention doesn't work unless large numbers of people agree to be tested.
Friends may call at Frank E. Campbell, 1076 Madison Avenue at 81st Street, Wednesday 7-9 P.M. with service Thursday 11:30 A.M.
''Is it really a good thing to know that there are hundreds of these people under the pool?''
He possessed a deep passion for music, art, and golf.
''I told him, 'While I am here, and while I am alive, I will help you.'
''He's doing fine,'' the assistant trainer Michelle Jensen said yesterday.
A1 Focus on Terrorism The National Park service activated a face recognition surveillance system in Lower Manhattan that will focus mostly on tourists.
Ms. Matusow dismissed Mr. Bradley's attacks as the bluster of a desperate candidate.
''I've heard some things this off-season that have bothered me about my play,'' Floyd said unsolicited.
With two exceptions, the 40 or so songs she sang last week were her own.
''But since I am one of the principal figures in the divisive national events in the last two or three years, our political efforts would result in a never-ending divisiveness.''
''I don't suspect they'd have anything to talk about.
Tonight and tomorrow night at 9:30.
But more than that, he was Russia's great Westernizer, the ruler who scoured Europe for the best of its culture and science, then made it Russia's own.
Once viewed as one of the most promising members of the new team that Mr. Blair brought into government, Mr. Byers, 49, has seldom seen his name in print in recent months without words like beleaguered and embattled in front of it.
''What makes these shows work is that it all comes down to a person's moral foundation,'' said Steven Bochco, the creator of ''L.A.
Among other meats, the , marinated pork chops were perfectly cooked and juicy.
What's a little rooster crowing?
Greater New York said it supported Premier's reforms.
Convertibles can be issued at a lower interest rate than traditional bonds because investors have the option to convert to stock.
The Eakins exhibition is both animated and chilled by his uncompromising determination to see and paint things as they are and by his diligent, methodical process.
At 40 he earned a medical degree, then sold the family business and moved to Africa.
''The opening at the Grand Canyon doesn't come along that often, so when I saw the opportunity, I applied for it,'' he said.
''An American Tribute,'' with Hugh Sung, pianist; Samuel Caviezel, clarinetist; Pricilla Lee, cellist; Monica Ziglar, soprano.
I was able to visit the next day, and five years later, I'm a regular Wednesday-is-new-comics-day customer.
It did not hinder his career that this one was George Herbert Walker Bush, his first cousin, with whom, he said, he was ''relatively close'' during their Washington days.
''That's one of many issues we are concerned about.''
On rare occasions, it causes headaches, fever, severe brain swelling and even death, especially among the elderly.
But while the exercise may make for good politics, as a philosophical proposition it is arguably deeply flawed.
Afternoon tea is served on Tuesday through Saturday, 2:30 to 4:15.
They won it on Eric Lindros's one-timer from the left circle at 11 minutes 21 seconds of the final period.
Only a few know its excellent Talon, a big rich blend of about 90 percent syrah and 10 percent mourvèdre.
Some environmental groups have been pressing for several years to curtail salmon aquaculture in Maine, saying that fish or diseases escaping from pens at the floating fish farms could threaten native stocks.
''He was not involved in anything, he didn't do anything wrong,'' his aunt, Anne Darragh, said.
In its responses to Mr. Denton, Aetna defended its compensation policies as appropriate.
Fancy automated welding techniques, intended to speed up the job and save money, were an expensive failure for Koch Erecting, as they often failed to work on the huge steel legs at the very bases of the towers.
Tonight's milestone should have been reached years ago.
A copy from someone calling himself ''the abiding dude'' can be had on eBay for about 100 bucks.
Life in a Maine industrial town where the prospects are few.
In a study released this week, the Massachusetts Department of Health said UST Inc., the nation's largest snuff maker, had increased its advertising in teenager-focused magazines to $9.4 million in 2001 from $3.6 million in 1997 since signing a settlement of its own.
W. Ronald Jameson will perform the ceremony at St. Matthew's Cathedral in Washington.
Celebrities are the American counterpart of British royalty.
''It was an inappropriate decision to release the list in that format and certainly there was no desire to compromise police security,'' said Mr. Policano, adding that it would not happen again.
President Vladimir V. Putin declared drug addiction the equivalent of a natural disaster, citing new figures showing Russia has 500,000 registered drug users, three-quarters of them under 30.
To the Editor: Your Dec. 29 front-page article ''At Odds With Harvard President, Black-Studies Stars Eye Princeton'' was correct in describing Lawrence H. Summers, the president of Harvard, as proud of Harvard's Afro-American Studies department, ''collectively and individually,'' and anxious to ''compete vigorously to make this an attractive environment.''
What flaws ''Accidents in the Home'' has are the result of Hadley's attempt at precisely charting the emotional geometry of a very extended clan.
Mr. Hough, 31, is an associate at Kelley Drye & Warren, a law firm in New York.
Sears could conceivably make more money on catalog and Internet sales by handling them internally through the Lands' End distribution system.
THE giggly and self-assured fashion designer Han Feng can, like Dr. Pangloss, convince you that this is the best of all possible worlds.
I didn't want her to write the paper for me; I just wanted her to point me in the right direction.
Their remittances home provide a lifeline to poor rural families throughout the interior -- but especially in Sichuan, where such gifts typically outstrip local incomes many times over.
His mother is a substitute teacher in the Bridgewater-Raritan Regional School District in New Jersey.
Another factor could be the emergence of music sold through digital downloading using services that include Pressplay and MusicNet, which are backed by some of the major recording companies.
''My clothes need only fall away for you to discover in my person one continuous mystery,'' she tells him.
Belgium inflicted an excruciating 3-2 defeat today on a complacent Russian team that apparently thought it was riding an easy tie to the second round.
Aug. 5: One for All.
''People think these are free loans but the appraisal, title search and origination fees show up on the back end and can cost as much as $2,500,'' Mr. Oleson said.
There was something therapeutic about watching a self-contained little world spin out of control over two and a half hours, particularly when the chaos was delivered with such assured control.
To draw something new out of it.''
THE RISE OF SOUTHERN REPUBLICANS By Earl Black and Merle Black.
Wall Street firms have jettisoned more than 40,000 bankers in the last year to reduce costs.
But it is Leonard Bernstein's conducting that makes his 1971 recording with the Vienna Philharmonic my favorite.
Mr. Engel's Republican opponent, C. Scott Vanderhoef, is the Rockland County executive.
A decade ago in Los Angeles, there was little appreciation for the kind of innovation that springs from the grass roots.
A. Michael L. Landsman, a Manhattan real estate lawyer, said that as a general rule, residential property owners are not required to grant builders working next door access to their property.
Mr. Weld and his successor, Paul Cellucci, plus his successor, Ms.
The suits are expected to accuse the authority of safety lapses and poor evacuation procedures at the World Trade Center.
The company also said that its financial statements going back to 1997 could not be relied upon.
MOVIES AND MUSIC UNDER THE STARS ''The Iron Giant'' (1999); swing music with Black Magic Swing Band.
Yukio Ueshima and Company contemplates a man's quest for his true self.
Duke first got to know Ogden as his family physician.
''He has since then been singing'' to the authorities, said one person close to the inquiry.
Her mother, Joan Hoffenberg, is a saleswoman at the Neiman Marcus store in White Plains.
''That's not disaster relief; it's a shell game.''
POLIN-Raymond, Ph.D. Age 83, beloved husband of Constance for 45 years; loving father of Jane, Lawrence, Kenneth, Ellen, and Theodore.
Francis Bacon once commented on the ''obscure and inglorious origins'' of the magnetic compass, gunpowder, and paper and printmaking, three inventions that he claimed transformed civilization.
THE SETTING -- The smoky back streets behind the Dalton School, on East 89th Street near Park Avenue.
May the Family be comforted among the Mourners of Zion and Jerusalem.
He had just quit working at the Plaza Hotel -- he cooked for Joan Rivers's daughter's wedding there -- to work more manageable corporate hours.
I'd sell the building in a minute if it would bring even one of them back.
But when he spoke of his country's great political divide, Mr. Chávez gesticulated to make his points, sounding conciliatory one moment and dismissive the next.
''It was blunt, it was tough,'' an official said of Mr. Powell's call.
After that problem was fixed, I started to appreciate the convenience of using voice interfaces.
On appeal, Ring argued that Arizona's capital sentencing scheme violates the Sixth and Fourteenth Amendments to the U.S. Constitution because it entrusts to a judge the finding of a fact raising the defendant's maximum penalty.
Yet glimpses of the lifestyles of the rich and tasteless don't necessarily add up in people's minds to a clear picture of the tectonic shifts that have taken place in the distribution of income and wealth in this country.
First Mr. Walker's predecessor, F. Thomas Ament, resigned under threat of recall after revelations that his administration had approved huge lump-sum pension payouts, including $1.2 million for him.
Some observers say the structures are mere shells of log homes -- less like Frontier Days, and more like Walt Disney's Frontier Land.
THE RACE TO THE WHITE CONTINENT, by Alan Gurney.
Even Einstein's brilliant realizations were part of a tissue of ideas, a great work in progress with an ever-changing cast of co-authors extending across the world.
Contributions in his memory may be made to the New York Public Library.
''My friend Amanda, she started getting it, and she showed me hers.
With deep aero skirts around the car, and miles-deep black paint, the Monte Carlo grows on you.
His quickness and footwork had caught the coaching staff's eye in spring practice, and Guidugli was on his way to a 324-yard passing day.
First Choice for Drug Therapy Although oral contraceptives, particularly those based primarily on progestins, have long been the mainstay of treatment, GnRH agonists are now the first choice for drug therapy.
''He was neurotic and needy and desperate and perfect for public access,'' said Mr. Milano.
'' If he delights at targeting vapid sentimentality, he is remarkably gung-ho about the Oscars.
Mr. Ratsiraka and his ministers, who were driven from the capital, set up another capital in Toamasina, the country's biggest and most important port.
At customs, he presented an Egyptian passport and visa, acquired in late 1999.
Cancer patients are often told that a positive attitude can lengthen their lives.
Since the attack in Bali, Australians have grown far more wary of sending the Australian military far overseas.
As an answer to those difficulties, Mayor Richard M. Daley has backed a proposal to expand the airport by adding a 7,500-foot runway and shifting three runways, so the airport's 930,000 flights annually can grow to 1.6 million.
There are currently two playhouses untenanted on 42nd Street and, like the American play itself, in dire need of repair.
Lincoln Center offers the opportunity to participate in projects that will have meaning for decades.''
Amateur auto racing is no eccentric fringe pursuit; it is popular and growing.
Why don't you play more?'
Aides to Mrs. Clinton and the executive producer of Mr. Russert's show called the timing coincidental and said no one should think that either Mr. Russert or Mrs. Clinton had arranged to cast a shadow over Mr. Stephanopoulos's big morning.
Ashley Bouder was an intriguingly merry, witty Dewdrop whose strong balances and turns were dazzling.
The store's plans for the loading area, he said, were not a problem.
''Several factors contributed to the eventual breakdown of S.E.C.
They refused, opting instead for a project using available water within the Wanaque watershed to increase its supplies.
The Russians, sad to say, have been a keen disappointment.
AS if the economy and the plight of the Knicks and the Rangers weren't enough, men now have something new to cry about.
When James Levine accepted the entreaties of the Munich Philharmonic Orchestra to become its new conductor in 1999, it seemed an inexplicable career move.
Brilliant, but Canceled Trio, next Sunday, 9 p.m. Beginning tomorrow: ''East Side, West Side'' (7 p.m.), ''Profit'' (8 p.m.), ''Face Time'' (9 p.m.), ''The Famous Teddy Z'' (9:30 p.m.).
''We often talk about the Republican Party as being the party of family values,'' she said in explaining the reason she sponsored the measure.
Take-Two Interactive Software Inc. said yesterday that it had named Jeffrey C. Lapin as its new chief executive, effective Jan. 2.
The Acoustic Research pair at least has an auto-scan button that purports to hunt down a clear channel.
Clarkes, Neri's and Bills' restaurants.
American agricultural goods will enter ''on a large scale,'' Mr. Zhu said, so Chinese farmers will find prices falling further.
The election, to be held Tuesday, is to determine the successor to Eric N. Vitaliano, a Democrat, who was elected to serve as a Civil Court judge.
''Basically, it's water and bridges.
I think this will mean a lot to him.
But his translation skills left something to be desired.
''But it's a very interesting business.''
The limitations also sacrifice picture resolution and limit the sensor's ability to operate in low light.
Almost every day for two decades, the mother, Nobuko, placed devotional offerings of food and tea before at a household shrine.
Russia's decision to blow an aerosolized form of a powerful narcotic through the ventilation system of a theater to end a hostage crisis in Moscow late last month raised anew an inevitable and terrifying question: what if a terrorist unleashed a potentially lethal chemical in this country?
When we know that we are constantly being watched and recorded, will we continue to feel free to speak, act and move about as we wish?
''We thought it would be very inappropriate to use supermodels to embody the message because it is so personal, it's so real and so intimate.''
The Rams are a track team with pads, elevated to warp speed.
15 2 THE NEW JEDI ORDER: dark journey, by Elaine Cunningham.
Not since 1992, when the format changed, had anyone reached up to grab gold from her position.
He plays an anti-Mr. Rogers, a children's show host who goes bad.
''It's not in their handwriting anymore, which is too bad,'' one fourth-grade teacher in Brooklyn said.
Even so, the Democrats did not throw a single political punch at one another tonight.
The current problems are not shared by other health insurers, analysts said.
President Bush is expected to visit the country he knows best, Mexico, in March, and a trip to South America is being contemplated for later in the year.
It was doubly disturbing, those who knew Ms. Hernandez said, because she was not originally scheduled to work on Tuesday night.
Presumably, if Thome accepted that deal over a five-year offer from the Indians said to be worth $60 million, it would leave Philadelphia with less to spend on Glavine.
Stocks Mixed but Fall for Week Stocks were mixed but closed lower for the third consecutive week.
Mrs. Vincent Astor, Honorary Chairman Samuel C. Butler, Chairman Andrew Heiskell Elizabeth Rohatyn Marshall Rose Chairmen Emeriti Paul LeClerc, President BLASS-Bill.
Well, Mr. Koch went on to be mayor and Mr. Stern was a longtime parks commissioner.
We want to help our workers find their own voices.''
''By our mere existence, we show them that the field is about collaboration.''
What they insist on, however, is a responsible approach to drilling.
But when Argentina triumphed, the military dictatorship then in power used the victory to justify its harsh rule.
Karen Putzer of Italy won the bronze medal.
Ms. Mulcahy exempted that fledgling unit from Xerox's hiring freeze, and Mr. Dolan said he has already hired about five senior executives and 25 field people.
''The City of New York contemplates using the WTC Radio Repeater system as a model for future system development throughout the City,'' Mr. Scoppetta wrote.
Her father fled to a prepared bolt-hole in Liechtenstein, and she and her mother were thrown into prison as hostages against his return.
While these facts have been known for some time, seeing excerpts of a 1999 training video of firefighters in full equipment in one of the towers is eerie.
These documents provide extensive information on the identities and compensation of executives.
TENNESSEE--Announced junior F Marcus Haislip will forgo his senior year and make himself available for the NBA draft.
Not all women agree that Augusta should be open to women.
Full of such doubts and worries, the cancer patient understandably finds it difficult to make the best choices about treatment or, as the author points out, to derive maximum benefit from it.
Others filed out of a shiny new wing at the Newington site, glad to find a willing ear.
To do so would endanger the enlargement process and the principle of inclusiveness that has sustained it.
Well, we will find out, beginning Thursday night.
Nelson hit his first five 3-pointers.
T&V Baseball Camp, West Haven, for boys age 7 to 16.
Afterward, Dr. Charles Goddard Weld, a patron of the Peabody Museum, bought what Mr. Worswick believes to be the best prints and gave them to the museum.
Vichyssoise, the chilled potato and leek soup, is rich and creamy enough and thick with flavor, while tuna tartare is fresh and spicy, although no better than the hundreds of other decent tuna tartares around the city.
In addition, department officials said they were refusing to release the names to protect the privacy of those arrested.
And his target was not ''the rich,'' or even ''the superrich,'' as much as the nexus between wealth and political power -- the subordination of politics to money, the cynical use of a free-market ideology as the stalking horse for self-interest.
Cablevision has rejected YES's request that it pay a fee of $2 a month per subscriber to carry YES on the expanded-basic tier.
Apparently fashion 500 years from now will include some costumes borrowed from ''Gladiator,'' others from Wall Street and gray uniforms worn by Alliance officers that seem left over from chauffeur characters in 1930's movies.
Now it is only a right.
There was a window of opportunity in our lives: we were retired from regular jobs and in good health, fit enough to enjoy strenuous side trips.
Mr. Langton, 39, has raised $3,000 to $5,000 each year.
Bautista added a solo homer in the third inning, a drive that landed in the left-field stands for a 3-0 lead.
But in some ways it had to be more galling than Boston's stunning victory in overtime that night.
The 19 objects from the series are placed on pedestals of varying height and face different directions to take advantage of the light from the windows.
Just as Enron embodied the stock-market delirium on the way up, it will, now that the euphoria is over, be the scapegoat for all those smooth talkers who convinced us dummies that we could be rich.
In doing so, he was filling a conspicuous vacancy.
The Venetian Gothic style reflected the city's view of itself as the ''third Rome,'' an imperial lineage inherited, along with much military plunder, from Constantinople.
Organizations that help victims of domestic abuse often want them for clients to use in emergencies.
He realized that a robot did not need an ability to avoid obstacles, but could be programmed ''to seek paths through empty space.''
In addition, a number of major American corporations with large staffs are bound by contract and insurance requirements to provide their own means of evacuation for employees in time of crisis, administration officials said.
But the simple rules of the Japanese verse -- seventeen syllables broken down into three lines of five, seven and five -- have given him a pithy outlet for his frustration.
Although she is obviously a human being, her looks, singing, dancing and acting all suggest a computerized composite of some people's ideal of the post-teenage all-American girl.
''I hated the movie 'Rudy,' '' said Marilyn McNeil, athletic director of Monmouth University in West Long Branch, N.J., referring to the film about perhaps the most famous walk-on of all, Rudy Ruettiger of Notre Dame.
And in many stores, English is simply not spoken.
Mr. Milken went to prison on a securities fraud conviction.
''We sincerely hope that this signals the start of a return to normalcy,'' said Pamela Conover, president of the Cunard Line, the QE2's operator.
The restoration of the garden is the first privately funded, collaborative project undertaken by the Archaeological Survey.
Besides her biology work, she had spent part of the vacation plowing through two English essays, history projects and homework in every subject except math.
That's a Madison Avenue boutique.
Buckley's sendup of political sex scandals in the age of constant media takes the form of a legal thriller; accused of assassinating her wayward husband, the first lady denies having done it, but whatever she did is secondary to the heroic proportions of the trial that ensues.
On the other hand, the league and Ahlerich agree with Robinson.
Police officers picked up Derek on Nov. 24 while he was visiting a girlfriend and returned him to his father.
Within the Chinese bureaucracy, the commission has tended to support greater foreign investment in China.
Few people see much difference between the two candidates, who are in a tight race.
''I've become even more gung-ho about joining because I want to carry on Ray's name,'' he said.
In passing, it noted that only 10 percent of cat bites were considered unprovoked, compared with more than half of all dog bites.
The changes were refined again in a 1938 revision.
''Our instinct would be to offer services, but it's just not fiscally justifiable,'' Dr. Marcello said.
''Many travelers think they're being ripped off,'' said Jens Jurgen, founder of the Travel Companion Exchange, a service that helps solo travelers connect with each other.
has reduced matching contributions to its workers' 401(k) plans, while Ford, Delphi and Chrysler, a unit of DaimlerChrysler, have suspended matching contributions entirely.
You want me to be here for the negotiations, you stay in the negotiation.''
The department said it was stringently overseeing a voluntary cleanup being carried out by Verizon, Sylvania's corporate successor, and would see to it that all necessary remediation is done.
George Steinbrenner was the latest to question the propriety of an Expos move.
In a junkyard deep in Florida, a guilt-ridden Cuban Army veteran waits for someone, anyone, to kill him.
''You face the uncertainty about additional acts of terrorism,'' he said.
He took him his infantry patch and other memorabilia.
''These people ought to be punished, and the institutional investors ought to be one of the parties to take up the cry.''
While 85 percent of Republicans support Mr. Rowland, Mr. Curry carries only 57 percent of Democrats, the poll found.
Through the uproar one hears pungent chords from Brahms, the stately sequential patterns of Bruckner and Mahler's wry little imitations of nature.
On Friday night, Pakistani law enforcement officials seized a computer that they said might have been used to draft two of the messages sent earlier last week, said an official close to the investigation.
A Benefactor of The Hebrew University, he served on the International Board of Governors.
Nearby is Printed Matter, another excellent art bookstore, just off the lobby of the gallery building at 535 West 22nd, and known for its unrivaled selection of artist-designed books.
This magnificent ode to Factory Records tracks the rise and fall of that post-punk label.
Vulpone said: ''Ardsley has always had tough little guys.
They also had help from a government-sponsored company that bought bad loans totaling 1 trillion yen ($8.2 billion) in face value in the period.
It could be weeks before the seventh graders receive their scores, Ms. Feinberg said.
Democrats who control the Senate and its Judiciary Committee, which sets the pace of considering nominations, have not held hearings on 8 of the 11, and Republicans complained that Mr. Bush's nominees were not being treated fairly.
Others refuse to recognize 911's built after 1998 as true Porsches, since that is the year that the company replaced its air-cooled engine with a water-cooled one, largely to help meet new emissions standards.
No refunds on the deposit will be given after June 1.
Now he takes his daughter to the Overlook several times a year.
That would explain the lyric's ''never satisfied,'' as well as its sauce of deceit, and supply another entendre to the fretful whimpering of fussin'.
Only the very vocal courtship by Webber's friend and former teammate Latrell Sprewell lent any credence to the Knicks' wishful thinking.
When he moved, I blocked him.''
After that, the combined company will have less market share in France than Royal Canin does now.
Mr. Riley said in the deposition that his firm knew, from the time there was such an article about Sunbeam, that there would be an investigation by the agency.
The justices said the Texas defendants had failed to raise the retardation question at the proper time in the state courts.
But whatever you do, make it simple -- as much for your guests as for you.
Cover dough, and refrigerate for 30 minutes.
Through tax incentives and the purchase of development rights, the town and county have ''made the vineyards the greatest land preservation block'' on the North Fork, said Barry Novick, an associate broker at Hahn Realty in Cutchogue.
The villagers consider themselves Deobandis, but the purity of Islamic practice expounded by the scholars at the nearby seminary does not extend even this far from the gates of Darul Uloom.
The Winter Garden, at 50th Street and Broadway, was the longtime home of the musical ''Cats'' and now houses ''Mamma Mia!,'' the hit musical based on the songs of Abba.
He is survived by his beloved wife of 35 years, Louise Mathews Bozorth, by his son and daughter, Squire Mathews Bozorth, and Caroline Bozorth Sayan, his granddaughter, Laila Louise Bozorth, and his sisters, Caroline Bozorth Baumann, Linda Bozorth Weagant, Cheryl Bozorth Peters, and Janet Bozorth Boise.
I found myself agreeing with a lot of the things he was saying.''
Even though the buildings survived the initial impacts, the twisting and bending of the towers caused fatal havoc.
Nestled in self-proclaimed Ski Town U.S.A., Steamboat Springs, Colo., it was named for Carl Howelson, the Norwegian who introduced skiing to the small mountain town in 1909.
Six were specializing in Arabic, two were studying Korean and one was studying Mandarin Chinese.
Yesterday's memo at Cravath tried to dampen expectations for next year as well, observing that ''near-term prospects for improved results are uncertain at best.''
While ''Mango Street'' found an almost cult following among young Latinas and English teachers, ''Caramelo'' seems to be striking a chord among a wider audience, particularly immigrants.
He needed money at the time, he said, but eventually agreed to cooperate with F.B.I.
Talking about Mr. Sondheim's songs, Ms. Cook said there are times she wishes she did know how to read music.
They said previously that they would seek to thwart terrorist attacks at the country's 10 World Cup stadiums by employing antiaircraft missiles, land-to-air rockets, fighter jets, soldiers, snipers, bioterrorism experts and bomb-disposal units to protect players and spectators.
''Given the often excessive air-conditioning, I find it's often more a matter of bundling up than paring down,'' said Jon Romberg, an associate professor of law at Seton Hall University School of Law in Newark.
The images from the queen's memory are lovely and magical, but they're served in simple, sensual sentences that sound the way one's everlasting spirit might sound, if it could speak.
Earlier in the game, a group of young girls kept yelling Sprewell's name each time a player stepped to the foul line.
''So the goal is to keep all our options open and not criticize, not to provoke a backlash.
C1 Penney Seeks Christmas Surge J. C. Penney, a struggling retailer that has seen some turnaround in its stores, is hoping this Christmas season brings a profitable performance from its catalog division, where sales are down from $4.3 billion in 1999 to about $2.6 billion this year.
''It's very difficult to deal with a lot of temperamental people, so we've tried very hard in the audition process that they are not only gifted and talented, but are not going to be so difficult to work with,'' she said.
None of the other services have offered this.
But Mr. Wims said that in light of the complaints he had decided to examine whether to establish a fund for those men through the Prince George's County Chamber of Commerce.
Market forces alone aren't adequate to ensure either appropriate driving behavior or adequate information disclosure, and it's for the same reason: the third parties who can be injured through reckless behavior.
Last year, Louis Bloomfield, a physics professor at the University of Virginia, created one such software program that he uses to run quick checks on his students' work.
The department, which lost 343 men in the World Trade Center attack, has been struggling to rebuild its ranks, which have been badly battered through retirements and attrition.
''Now for every four licenses of Microsoft Office we save enough to buy another computer.''
But critics worry that even a well-informed consumer outside the medical field is not educated enough to understand the results of many tests.
In order for them to have their voices heard, they need political representation.''
''My personal agenda,'' he said while combing debris as the sun set over an area known as the graveyard of the Atlantic, ''is to find bone.''
His fall makes it more likely that his political patron, Prime Minister Zhu Rongji, will step down in the coming months, as expected, Chinese political analysts said today.
Most of the production numbers were comparatively subdued.
I and W.R. II, Miami went on to play for the national championship.
Requiem Repartee MARK GREEN, the failed Democratic candidate for mayor, attended the funeral of Moe Foner on Sunday.
It is the story of Amaro and Amelia, young and raging with hormones.
Many are just shaking off the previous night's sleep, and are looking for a drink.
The ground floor has an open floor plan that includes a living room, a dining room and a den, each with fireplaces, and a large kitchen.
Provisions that limit industry partners from suing each other for patent infringement, Microsoft noted, have been standard practice for decades and not been found to be anticompetitive.
Later in the hearing, Patrick Wood III, the chairman of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, defended the agency against criticism that it had failed to do its job.
Although he has not had enough returns to qualify as a league leader, Santana Moss has averaged 18.7 yards on 7 punts.
But, while gratified by the album's sales, Mr. Taylor, who has sold well over 30 million records in the course of his career, is philosophical about his commercial prospects.
These are faux movies, and are about the only kind most teenagers respond to.
Thus it's the Reform movement -- the largest of the divisions of Judaism in the U.S. -- that is carrying the banner in the outreach effort.
interview by Catherine Saint Louis
The city has been handing out tickets for double-parked trucks and blocked sidewalks.
Toward that end, the United Nations is working to raise between $30 million and $50 million for a broad three-year program against AIDS.
Gary Locke, a Democrat, resurrected the issue, made the $30 car-registration fee the law and said it was the will of the people.
A typical case involves just one or two professionals at the agency.
Before killing him, she made him a big ham-and-yam dinner, because she wanted him sitting down.
Senator Marina Silva, a rubber tapper's daughter who was a close associate of the slain Amazon ecologist Chico Mendes, has been named environment minister, while the pop star Gilberto Gil said on Thursday that he had accepted the president-elect's offer to become culture minister.
By the 1870's, Village Lane in Orient had a charming boarding house that allowed city dwellers, mostly from Brooklyn, to escape to the sea and sun.
Johns calls color ''the accessory you never take off'' -- and a valuable accessory it is.
You have to find somebody who not only wants to spend $4 million to $10 million on a house, but who likes the furniture package or is willing to scrap it.
Based on the interrogation of the operative, Omar al-Faruq, the government would take ''legal steps'' in the ''next one or two days,'' Mr. Yudhoyono said.
Fourteen of them will share the car, which they will have for 13 hours.
The new complement of officers is likely to remain after the exercise in preparation for a war against Iraq, the Pentagon said.
A question now is whether the drug maker AstraZeneca will win approval for Iressa, another cancer drug in the same class as ImClone's.
Still, change isn't supposed to be comfortable, and even at the best of times architecture is a conservative art.
Directly above the tunnel mouth, out of Mohammed's view, there was a steep wooded hill with an abandoned World War II pillbox at the top.
Revenue rose to $9.9 million from $3.2 million.
With a dehydrated Blake wobbling to the finish, Hewitt won the five-set second-round match, then denied race had anything to do with his argument to the umpire.
The White House said Attorney General John Ashcroft, in cooperation with Mr. Ridge's office, would make the final decision on where to set threat levels, which can be applied nationally, locally or to particular industries or facilities.
If you are in Explorer, you need to be sure that the Links toolbar is showing.
One prong in the strategy that Ms.
Envirotest has come under fire since March 2000, when employees at a testing station in Bridgeport were accused of soliciting bribes to pass cars that had failed emissions tests.
Testimony closer to the event must be given greater weight than changes or additions made years later, when the witness's own memory is often muddled or influenced by television programs, films, books and discussions with others.''
At about 8 years old, children now abandon conventional toys in favor of electronic games, so it is a big part of the business, said Thomas S. Arbuckle, general manager of the Toy Center and a vice president of the Helmsley-Spear management company.
Avoid the bar unless you like smoke and televised soccer.
''What we had was a movement,'' said Richard Martinez, an aide who will run Mr. Grijalva's Tucson office.
Regardless of which side you're on, you'll see green rolling hills and smell the crisp Midwestern air.
The focus on either lyrics or melody is not necessarily exclusive.
Net income dropped to $86 million, or 18 cents a share, from $212 million, or 44 cents, a year earlier.
A historian's learned, eclectic approach to the spooky gratification (known to Henry James and Rose Macaulay) that comes with contemplating the collapse of presumptuousness past, the wreck of vanished wealth, importance and influence.
22 by the A.P., broke a two-game losing streak and stayed in contention for the Big 12's North Division title.
After an early marriage to a diplomat who was 13 years her senior, she announced that it had been ''boring to be a diplomat's wife.''
The cloned kitten in Texas, whose cutesy name is cc, for copycat or carbon copy, bears some resemblance to its biological mother but is hardly identical.
Upon her return, Hingis was typically sharper than the rest, able to dismantle her huffing opponents with devilish drop shots.
He was not a trust-fund kid.
It is only under the Attic daylight that the British, the Greeks and the rest of the world can appreciate these sculptures in the light they were meant to be seen in.
A spokesman for Merrill in Singapore said that there was no evidence of insider trading and that the company had not heard from regulators about any investigation.
He predicted that as many as 1,000 boats would participate.
Nothing too subtle in this setup.
The group turned its brief set into a raucous celebration of New York hip-hop, co-starring Busta Rhymes and Nice & Smooth.
Children at the 11th-century Loches Dungeon near Tours can try their hand at copying the graffiti cut into the stone by medieval prisoners.
WIZARDS 95, HEAT 65: Washington used a torrid-shooting first half to take control, and Jerry Stackhouse made the lead stand up in a rout of visiting Miami.
In addition to the call against Recchi, a minor penalty was assessed against Lindros, the former Flyer who now plays for the Rangers.
''The way we look at it, we are a protein and antibody company, and we pick the best drug,'' he said.
Hospitals in Westchester are supposed to conduct monthly call audits of a random selection of emergency medical calls supervised by a doctor Mr. Sutton said, adding that some hospitals are more diligent than others.
resolution condemning ''the alteration of constitutional order in Venezuela'' only after learning that Mr. Chávez had regained control, Latin American diplomats said.
More than three years later, the 22-year-old Mauresmo is still the subject of back-hall whispers that are out of her control.
Mr. Sachs, who said in an article in The New York Times Magazine on Sunday that he found the engineering of the death camps ''amazing,'' also said that he was using the iconography of the Holocaust to bring attention to fashion.
It's the least we can do.
''A lot of the people had been here since the 1960's and 70's.
''Will you tell me how to prevent riches from becoming the effects of temperance and industry?''
Mr. Lévesque has had his own share of setbacks.
The contractor said that the union was mistaken in believing that the proposal did not include replacement workers.
''Cathouse'' proves, even more than ''The Bachelor,'' that ordinary people want to be on television even if it means 15 minutes of shame.
And as for fetal monitors (mentioned in the article as a time-validating mechanism), fuhgeddaboutit!
For sushi, you cut to fit on top of the rice.
I'd also opt for main courses like the lovely square of pan-roasted halibut ($19) in a mild lobster consommé escorted by mashed potatoes laced with bacon, scallions and little rock shrimp, as well as the meaty, crisp-coated Japanese fried shrimp ($15) with their plate mates of spirited wasabi mashed potatoes, stir-fried vegetables and hoisin garlic chili dipping sauce.
In 1987, women directed only 3 of the 100 highest-grossing films; in 2001, that number had risen only to 4, according to a study from San Diego State University titled ''Celluloid Ceiling.''
We're not even going to consider keeping you as a sales agent.'
The biologists Stephen Jay Gould and Richard Lewontin and the anthropologist Marshall Sahlins discovered more right-wing politics than sound science lifting sociobiology to prominence.
''If everyone were benefiting from these kinds of projects, that would be one thing,'' he said.
Over the last 25 years, the military partner has increased its power and the war has escalated.
Does it not count because it comes from me?
Miniver,'' a tribute to English resilience in the face of the Nazis and the biggest hit of 1942, seems almost unbearably mawkish in its pandering idealism.
''They keep their eyes on anybody who is doing any organized activity because they want to make sure that they are not a threat,'' said one diplomat.
But when they met with a designer who had worked with a friend, they found the experience discouraging.
These cheat techniques have quite a few desirable qualities.
Many inmates had seen that film and an earlier one about a gang leader, ''Lúcio Flávio,'' so when they learned that the movie to be made was Mr. Babenco's, their attitudes changed.
In 1998, he began to get out the door again, though he said: ''I didn't have it at all.
''If there's a Haitian involved, the cops are going to be much quicker to pull the trigger,'' he said.
Giambi said one of the things he likes about the American League is the D.H. because he can rest while still getting his at-bats.
PRICES Lunch, main dishes, $7.50 to $25.
''It's no excuse,'' he said.
''If ever jolly, tipsy bruins and senseless dancing goats were faithfully put upon canvas,'' The New-York Times sort of raved in 1862, ''they are here.''
LIVING PROOF A Medical Mutiny.
We mourn the loss of our beloved brother, a dedicated and respected physician who for the last 67 years, compassionately served his community of Brooklyn Heights as a family doctor.
But while an American-led military campaign to topple Mr. Hussein holds out the possibility of making their freedoms more secure, the Kurdish leaders, backed by almost every Kurd who discussed the issue, said Washington would be asking them to put all they have gained from their decade of autonomy at risk of a fresh Iraqi offensive.
Remembrances to Spaulding Rehabilitation Hospital 125 Nashua St. Boston, MA 02114, or Dana Farber Cancer Institute 44 Binney St. Boston, MA 02115.
On Friday, United Pan-Europe said it would not meet a $97 million payment to service debt, and it proposed converting $6.4 billion in debt and preferred stock into equity.
But a crisis was brewing.
La Caravelle is a French restaurant of the old school, a great social stage where people go to see and be seen.
Lott did, and Martin believes he is in better shape, at 29, than he was as a rookie in 1995.
Mel Stottlemyre, the Yankees' pitching coach, explained the situation to Hernández and Weaver before the game, but it may be a problem that will linger for the rest of the season.
Zito came to the conclusion that there was no point in dwelling on the past, and only one logical explanation for it.
Many transportation experts say that if the ban remains, what will undoubtedly happen is a continued funneling of people onto mass transit -- and mounting worries about how the system can handle it.
The prime candidate here is an attractive concert by the St. Peter's Choir and the Basically Bach Festival Orchestra, conducted by Thomas Schmidt, the festival's artistic director, tomorrow night at 8.
Ms. Tulais -- Panchita -- had indeed tended cows for much of her life.
The centenary performance will benefit the Actors Fund of America.
Amanda Theresa Zucker and David William Bowker were married last evening by Rabbi Marc Lee Raphael at Decatur House, a historic house in Washington.
As for that last, really awful plague -- death of the firstborn -- the museum has decided to be a little less concrete: children will trace the phrase in Hebrew.
They were racing and revolving and taking the straightaways, through the blinking crossings and over the trestled bridges -- boys swimming in the river below -- of his town, no one else's, alive with activity.
The debate over the rules will affect utilities around the nation.
Air passengers have long known that they and their bags are subject to search.
A lawyer for Belo, owner of The Morning News, wrote to Mr. Adelman last month requesting that he remove links to articles within the newspaper's site and link only to its home page, as specified in the site's terms of use.
We certainly understand the Russians' concerns, but we keep saying is you have to understand the need to cooperate.''
The band members, all now edging into their late 30's, have figured out how to keep their well-paid jobs as rock stars while allowing themselves plenty of down time.
''Everyone can watch the common people, but that has nothing to do with the political question of who can watch the powerful.''
Fish hawks, falcons and herons have been released to the wild; owls and perhaps hares are on the menu.
He said: ''The opera is a complete art form.
Unlike Mr. Giuliani, who rarely offended core Republican supporters in car-dependent neighborhoods outside Manhattan, Mr. Bloomberg so far seems unconcerned by the obvious displeasure that many of his policies will cause in those same areas.
What annoyed her was that the entertainment fobbed off on audiences was not artful enough, that it did not fulfill -- and indeed threatened to undermine -- the great promise of the movies, which is to provide pleasure.
Sales in the United States rose 17 percent in the first five months of the year, to a record 102,010 vehicles.
Police officers who discovered the bodies found a fake identity card for a person named Muhammad Babar.
Joining Ms. Skye in the cast are Josh Hamilton (''Proof''), Keira Naughton, Armando Riesco and Peter Dinklage.
That's why there will always be work for economists.
Initially, we looked at pictures of spiders; later, he handled a rubber spider and watched the movie ''Arachnophobia.''
Among the most poignant objects are dozens of scrapbooks, including Phyllis Caplan's snapshots of her life as a Wac, a fleeting moment when women were expected to be competent in a man's world.
The stark horror of the seemingly random attack stunned the neighborhoods that surround the park, a leafy oasis at the intersection of Crown Heights and Brownsville.
This is how life has been for Smith for the last 12 seasons.
A 91-minute match in real time stretched to 111 on the NBC clock.
headquarters had obstructed the work of the local office in determining if Mr. Moussaoui was a terrorist.
But students and teachers alike were concerned for those students who do not do well but who need financial assistance for college.
Mr. Leider is working for the Value Enhancement Fund IV, run by Lend Lease, a commingled pension fund that follows what is described to investors as a mildly aggressive investment strategy.
The Center for Constitutional Rights mourns the passing of our beloved Board member, Edith Tiger.
As guests sipped and chatted in Polish, Yiddish and English, they discussed hiking in Israel, past Paris fashion collections and the influx of fancy Manhattanites like Bette Midler and Jean Zimmerman, an executive at Chanel, to the area.
In a flash, the inconceivable had become real, the horror of the unbelievable had become part of my and every American's existence.
The dramatic line goes slack and the details get muddied, but not enough to obscure the value of the enterprise.
American troops were doing a dangerous job in difficult circumstances and were doing their best to make the right judgments, he said.
There is hope for Stanford.
''I have not seen an Al Qaeda surrender or show a white flag, that sort of thing,'' said Col. Frank Wiercinski, a brigade commander in the 101st Airborne Division.
''He will present a grave danger of taking another human life,'' Mr. Schwanwede wrote.
peers -- and that includes owners, coaches and players -- often relish their misery and turn away enviously at their success.
The Lakers led from beginning to end, beating the Kings, 106-99, to take a 1-0 lead in the four-of-seven-game series.
Mr. Bean has a similar wireless link in his Eclipse, but it is the control panel on his system that has won him admirers online.
There were other changes at the publishing division, a nonprofit subsidiary of Harvard University.
I simply stripped to my underwear, put my shoes on without socks, then carried everybody over on my back, one by one.
We send our heartfelt condolences to her family.
Neil A. Goteiner, Mr. Abbott's lawyer, said his client's past had nothing to do with the charges or Mr. Abbott's credibility, and was unlikely to become evidence in the case.
''It's two really good teams who know each other.''
Around 1948, a remnant population of wild turkeys from northern Pennsylvania took advantage of this restored habitat and crossed into western New York.
Mr. Skakel's lead defense lawyer, Michael Sherman, has asked Judge Kavanewsky for permission to introduce evidence suggesting Mr. Littleton was actually the killer.
Bear this in mind, too.
Going from Bethlehem to a nearby village now takes a Palestinian four hours, when it's possible at all.
A House of Lords committee endorsed legislation, upheld by a court ruling in November, that permits the cloning of human embryos for medical research.
Spokesmen for Celera, which is based in Rockville, Md., and Applied Biosystems of Foster City, Calif., would not comment.
After five games, I got used to physical play: started using my speed, crossing over.
Pfizer disclosed in April that the United States attorney in Boston and ''several'' states were investigating the matter, The Boston Globe reported today.
She's unapologetic and unsympathetic toward her son, who became a schoolyard bully because, he says, ''at home I was alone and weak.''
In 1870 two of her paintings were accepted in the Salon, and the next year she sold her first three oils to Paul Durand-Ruel, the art dealer who later carried Impressionism to the United States.
''But I've never seen anyone win a sprint with a man standing in front of him.''
Joyce Perrett is the Salvation Army's community relations and development director for southern New England, and she has also found that major donors are giving less in stock gifts than they traditionally do at the end of the year.
Telephone calls to the club last night were not answered.
This is the most difficult part of the work to paint, with the carpet and especially the tractor.
With a nod of respect to the Dallas Cowboys, the first America's team, and to the Atlanta Braves, who have also dared to wear the moniker, the St. Louis Rams looked most fit to carry the tag into the new millennium.
Over lunch at the press club, where most of the diners were nonjournalist associate members, Naoyuki Shinohara, the spokesman of the finance ministry, said he was startled by the change.
''Enron is a minor thing compared to what's going on over there,'' said Sgt.
In lieu of flowers memorial contributions may be made to Memorial Sloan - Kettering Cancer Center.
''I was an athlete,'' she said.
Mr. Montgomery said the fire should have little effect on the mission effort, provided insurance covers rebuilding costs and congregants keep their financial pledges.
Most historians agree that the war merely accelerated the dissolution of Britain's empire.
So Milner now has his name on the Vanderbilt trophy, which dates back to 1930.
Borrower and lender signed a contract that specified their mutual obligations.
Of the trio, Ms. Umanoff is plainly the practical one.
A second image is of Abraham Lincoln, also a man with little military expertise, constantly second-guessing his generals' tactics -- because they were not aggressive enough.
Five people died of anthrax exposure last fall.
Mr. Gaffney is asking the County Legislature to propose other cuts by Dec. 19.
''Any map that put my district office in Bay Shore out of my district did not resemble what I was looking for,'' he said.
And it seemed to go on forever.
He, like others interviewed at the site's offices, emphasized that it was a vehicle for a broad range of mainstream Islamic views.
(On Friday, BAA announced it would increase its annual spending at its London terminals by a third, to $1.16 billion, to speed Heathrow's expansion.)
I felt lucky, actually -- after all, no one was hurt.
''There's a stigma to it -- you're a pariah.''
They had not, said Donald Soctomah, the state representative of the Passamaquoddy tribe, but ''we were happy just to have the word removed.''
Dr. Berberich suffered a heart attack last Sunday while playing golf.
But she said the impact of the lesser depth had not been studied as part of the permitting process.
The act, which was passed over President Richard M. Nixon's veto, set a 60-day limit under which the president could commit troops to combat without specific authorization by Congress.
Harlem (1-1), the Mid-Atlantic region champion, can reach them if it beats Aptos, Calif., (1-1) on Tuesday afternoon in its final preliminary-pool game.
He will have to successfully offer an amendment to block the increase, probably to the Treasury Department's spending bill, something he he has failed in the past to accomplish.
files on people who came under scrutiny, as in Hoover's day, because of their politics.
Much of the so-called synergy between Vivendi Universal and USA Networks is meant to come from combining the extensive Universal film and television library with USA Networks' extensive television production operation.
SOUTHWEST TEXAS STATE--Named Manny Matsakis football coach.
SENATORS 3, LIGHTNING 1: Marian Hossa scored the game-winner and set up Radek Bonk for the insurance goal as Ottawa defeated Tampa Bay to break a four-game home losing streak.
But if they could create something out of the ordinary, a destination use like a Ralph Lauren factory outlet store, that might also work.''
There were times when watching Molissa Fenley and Dancers on Wednesday night was like watching passing clouds.
The campaign could have a strong impact in Japan.
He said the players also won because they, too, favored improved competitive balance.
The hotels should be within walking distance of each other.
The economy, quite simply, was paralyzed.
''If this keeps happening, people are not going to want to get on those ships,'' Dean Gianoukos, an analyst at J. P. Morgan, said.
As Madonna told her fans in an Internet chat: ''I'm not a vegetarian.
Her doctors thought she would be able to make a full recovery, but it would take a year.
The Grey Poupon upturned noses of these stereotypes would have been a tired cliché even in the 30's when the original ''Mr.
A spokesman had no comment, and some investors considered the report unrealistic.
We made it a focus.''
Not only did my dad mail the letter, he included every single failed attempt as well.
Reception 2 PM, American Yacht Club.
This is one of the airiest and shadiest spots in Pompeii, and the ideal place for a rest.
Basquiat's story is fascinating, but to me it's secondary to the paintings.
Treatment with chemotherapy promised misery but little hope of success, so both of them refused it.
It takes more than the contrast between Ms. Freeman's introductory song, ''Flight,'' about a woman's quest to be free, and Madear's ascent to ultimate freedom.
has boldly built the hapmap project around it.
Lima's Taste 432 East 13th Street (Avenue A), East Village; (212) 228-7900.
''Within seconds,'' he said, ''we were having a good time.''
The now-familiar bunches of carnations, held together with decorative plastic wrap, were scattered outside.
Digby stayed in Syria, living between the house she built in Damascus and the black tents of the desert for the next 30 years, until she died in 1881.
''I claim a double standard.
It is no such thing.
While the shop is open to the public, the building is not, so appointments are necessary: (212) 722-5342.
We don't want to upset America, but we have to defend our interests.'
They all have plans for a memorial to be built on the 10-acre site where debris from ground zero was unloaded.
The Walt Disney Company said yesterday that it was entering the consumer electronics market for the first time with a line of two-way radios and cordless telephones featuring popular Disney characters like Mickey Mouse and Buzz Lightyear.
But last weekend, the story goes here, Pentagon brass were shocked by news photos of scruffy looking Special Operations Forces swinging into action to help abort the assassination attempt here against President Hamid Karzai in which his companion, Gul Agha Shirzai, governor of Kandahar Province, was wounded.
The new pass is valid for six months from the purchase date, but rail-travel days need not be consecutive.
Emboldened by my unexpected delight with O. biennis, I next turned to Missouri primroses (O. macrocarpa), and these are truly garden treasures.
''He wanted it to look like Cold Spring Harbor,'' said his brother, John Conroy.
Our use of text may be scripting more than either hearing or reading.''
The convergence of art and apparel at retail is not new.
''We have to factor in that it was a new building,'' said Marie DiManno, director of museum shops, ''but it was phenomenal.''
For that reason, he says he is on a new mission -- to make the fully financed reforms meaningful before the spigot of state aid runs dry.
Much loved grandmother of Michael and Debra Lakow, Lisa and Daniel Stamatelos, Debra and Eric Dorfman, Wendy and John Hunter, Natasha, Candice, Hanna and Phillip Zipes.
Because the memorial is likely to draw millions of visitors each year, project officials have said they do not want the 16-acre site to look like a perennial construction zone.
Even though we were beaten three times today, tomorrow might be better.''
Place bacon in a heavy 4-quart saucepan.
The Lakers pride themselves on representing the Western Conference, but the Nets may bring more respect to the West Coast game than anything Shaquille O'Neal, a Newark native, or Philadelphia's own Kobe Bryant can muster.
His consummate knowledge of keyboard playing will be missed by all of us.
Helen Mendel, the committee's director of marketing, said that sales were brisk and that revenue might reach $20,000.
There was no sectarian violence after the blast, as might have happened in northern India.
This is not my reason, thanks to my husband, my parents, several neighbors, a wonderful baby sitter, and the list of instructions I left for each of them, cross-referencing the boys' every want, need and activity.
Any show offering the zany 70's-era watercolors of William T. Wily is worth visiting, and this one has some particularly fine examples, including the one that depicts a creek-side campsite.
In this Pinochet failed, and the democratic governments that followed him beginning in 1990 have succeeded .
Tomorrow night at 7:30, Great Hall, Cooper Union, Third Avenue at Seventh Street, East Village, (212) 279-4200.
''I've never been to a play in the city.
He knew it the moment he stepped off the Rikers Island bus in northern Queens at 5:16 a.m.
The conservancy has already protected 16,000 acres, insuring clean air, scenic views and low-density housing, and these benefits are not confined to the rich and fatuous.
But Thome, the best hitter in this low-rated free-agent class, also chose a team whose immediate future is potentially far brighter than the Indians'.
Saturday at 8 p.m. Tickets: $15; $12 for students and those 62-plus.
The seminary's teachers imparted to their students a socially conservative vision of Islam purified of folk and Hindu customs and concerned with teaching individuals how to practice their faith properly.
If I was running a bank, I'd come up with 20 or 30 criteria to evaluate all of the branch offices every day.''
An inventory of the collection will be available online.
All the history plays are still rolled up into a very fast televised football game.
You begin to wonder about the amperage in Tokyo apartment buildings, and to notice that a freezer can also serve as a coffee table.
''The rockets came from right behind.
Beloved husband of the late Mildred Berkowitz.
Prepared for the Worst In a story that Mason Hoffenberg, the screenwriter (''Candy''), used to tell, Marlon Richards, the son of Keith Richards and Anita Pallenberg, was periodically given wads of money by his father to distribute to the elder Mr. Richards's druggy hangers-on.
SEASCAPE By Edward Albee; directed by Mark Lamos; sets by Riccardo Hernandez; costumes by Constance Hoffman; lighting by Mimi Jordan Sherin; sound by David Budries; movement coordinator, Mark Olsen; production stage manager, Deborah Vandergrift; general manager, John Conte; associate artistic director, Christopher Baker; production manager, Jack O'Connor.
''That's an option that we're looking at,'' Mr. McKeon said.
Tacos are served either as appetizers or main courses.
The company also sells aboveground pools from $519.95 for one that is 18 feet across and 3 feet deep to $1,195.95 for one 24 feet across and 4 feet deep; www.qualityinflatable.com, or (310) 257-9400.
The day I hear the rumor I am 14 years old, enclosed in a bathroom stall.
''It was preventing us from moving forward and expanding.''
But that did not mean the out-of-town masses came, and those who did show up complained about the steep fees they were charged.
For Patrick, the price of this largesse was years of sexual abuse, Ms. Gallagher said.
''I like pushing my grandmother's fame and I'm delighted this group wanted to see the studio,'' she said.
And when we do, then O.K., you move on to the next game.''
The guide says that cost should be $35 or less.
For a taste of old Montauk year-round, there's the Shagwong Restaurant, which has been around since 1937.
Indeed, not all of the guys involved in the Burt Chevrolet suit realized ''that this was discrimination at first,'' says Mia Bitterman, one of the E.E.O.C.
Jerry Lee, mutton chopped and portly, makes a sweet and blustery walrus out of Watson, and Melanie Boland is convincingly wicked as a not really grieving widow and convincingly prim and upright as Holmes's kindly landlady (with a secret of course), a role that includes a rather complicated bit of stage business involving a bowl of scone batter.
A front-page article in Arts & Leisure today about science as a subject of dramatic art refers incorrectly in some copies to an experiment by Galileo that is recreated in Philip Glass's opera ''Galileo Galilei.''
He also starred with his wife, the singer and actress Miriam Kressyn, for more than 40 years on the radio, performing pop standards in Yiddish.
The rookie cornerback Mike Rumph from Miami will get an early chance to contribute.
His father was Max Wilder, who ran a railway cafe, and his mother was the former Eugenia Baldinger, whose family owned a resort hotel.