I'm ready to change that.''
37a) Liszt Polonaise from Tchaikovsky's Opera ''Eugene Onegin''
The pound is now tied to other European currencies within a trading range of 12 percent.
Last Monday in a farewell appearance at Bay Meadows in San Mateo, Calif., he begged off the last of three mounts and limped back to the jockeys' room.
He is survived by his wife, Frances Palmer Clark; three daughters, Sally Collins of LaCrosse, Wis., Janet Morse and Wendy Wescott, both of Barrington, R.I.; six grandchildren, and two great-grandchildren.
NEW YORK CITY DELIA'S, 197 East Third Street, (212) 254-9184 "Hello dahhhling," beckons Delia Roche-Kelly, owner of this romantic club in the unromantic environs of the Lower East Side.
The majority opinion was joined by Justices Byron R. White, Sandra Day O'Connor, Antonin Scalia and Anthony M. Kennedy.
This year it was host to the East Coast premiere of ''The Baby Dance,'' a new drama first produced at the Pasadena Playhouse, starring Linda Purl and Stephanie Zimbalist.
Symptoms may take a decade or more to appear.
headquarters in the heart of downtown Cincinnati, a small group of executives gathered to assess the problem.
Commenting on the fall of the coalition Government in Israel last week, Mr. Arafat openly advocated the election of a new Government headed by Shimon Peres, the Labor Party leader.
Its proposals deserve strong support from the Administration, Congress and anyone hopeful of reviving the floundering space program.
John Root, a Broadway set designer, died of heart failure on Tuesday at Doylestown (Pa.) Hospital.
'French Connection' Connection Mr. Grosso was a policeman in New York for more than 20 years.
Mr. Sergeyev is openly scorned by Government economists - Mr. Shatalin, the Cabinet economist, described him in an interview as ''an economic illiterate'' - but his views are considered influential on at least two members of Mr. Gorbachev's Cabinet.
He came to art world attention after organizing ''Facing History: The Black Image in American Art, 1710-1940,'' which opened at the Corcoran Gallery in Washington in January, and is now at the Brooklyn Museum.
Lad Bazaar, a narrow lane forking off Char Minar, echoes with delicacies that please the eye and the ear: old spices, herbs and perfumes, silver and gold laces, floral silk quilts for bridal beds, gold turbans for grooms.
The rivalry between Micro Channel and E.I.S.A.
Indeed, as this century retreats from us, its abiding composers seem to be the ones who created no school and spearheaded no cause.
repeal or modify the financial interest and syndication rules, which prohibit the three major networks from acquiring financial interests or re-run rights to shows they run.
That family name is clearly intended as a pun, as each character, even the concerned younger brother, acts to damage the horse's well-being.
But my momma has always said, ''Son, be careful when somebody tells you, 'I think that's fair.'
In an interview, Mr. Britvan said a new openness has recently allowed most adoptions to take place without the involvement of adoption agencies.
The condition was aggravated by batting and could be alleviated only by a combination of rest and rehabilitation.
A national accrediting group for hospitals has found that quality standards at Federal hospitals for veterans generally lag behind those of other hospitals.
The open-door policy of the 1980's fostered a sense of awe for China that spilled out of the corridors of power and into the boardrooms.
SPRINGER'S PROGRESS, by David Markson.
Dona Violeta is closer to the people than her skeptics would like to believe.
He dropped out of school and instead of becoming a physicist, he took up welding.
And the historical ties that once bound Czechoslovakia and the United States have become frayed over the years.
No one from the team was available for comment on Andelman's statement.
Seventeen Westerners, including eight Americans, are believed held hostage.
The restaurant is practically next door to the show's theater, Theater East, on the Upper East Side.
Unfortunately, the tall shadow of death taints these worthy endeavors.
Mr. Hashimoto's comments prompted a somewhat embarrassed flurry of statements from the Government's chief spokesman, Misoji Sakamoto, who at first suggested that the Finance Minister was expressing Japan's official view of how to reverse the low population growth trend, and then backed away from the comments.
The historian Lorenz Eitner said that Gericault's motives may well have been political at the start, but ultimately the ''Raft'' became a kind of catharsis for personal misery that seemingly was rooted in a wretched love affair.
To date these lenders have committed $800 million to the new mortgage.
Late in the game, he had his first intercepted pass in his last 233 passes.
''Anti-Semitism has always been a complex problem in the Soviet Union,'' said the engineer, who acted as spokesman for the group.
Geren lined into a double play.
After the upheaval in Eastern Europe and the United States invasion of Panama, the Bush Administration is using a little-known Federal agency as a tool to achieve one of its main international policy goals - market-oriented economic reconstruction.
But personally, he was O.K., and especially with this kind of thing.''
He denied there was a coverup.
''They'd all be different,'' said Howard Hamm, 82, a retired engineer who is active in the Seniornet center at Syracuse University.
Mr. Williams's improvisational approach has resulted in a design loyal to no particular style of architecture or decor.
Stacey King scored a season-high 18 points and had 10 rebounds, while John Paxson also had 18 for Chicago, which won for the 19th time at home against just two defeats.
The magazine's main goal is to educate children about the environment so they can act to preserve it, she said.
For this reason, patients are asked to sign a consent form to cover the possible need for both procedures.
He wrote a good deal on interpretation.
Police Cite Lone Gunman The rabbi, who founded the Jewish Defense League in New York City and became a force on the far-right fringes of Israeli politics until his Kach party was outlawed as racist for its anti-Arab stance, was gunned down in a midtown hotel on Monday night.
Meanwhile, the unwillingness of Mexico and Venezuela to accept a visit by Mr. Quayle has underscored the way in which Mr. Bush has so far failed to rally public support for his Panama policy in the region, even if he has achieved the military objectives he set for the invasion.
I think people sense that about me, and they respond to it.''
'You've got to talk to her,' Michael answered, adding, what is the matter with you? ''
''You should try to keep the flames to a minimum when grilling sausages,'' they said, ''and turn them frequently as they cook to insure even browning.''
Hormones can also affect growth, meaning that they may grow faster during pregnancy or in people with a hyperactive thyroid gland.
Her fiance, 25, is a son of Mr. and Mrs. Bruce Kulik of Ramsey.
Putting that decision into practice requires a new regulation.
SHEIK ASKS RELEASE OF HOSTAGES BEIRUT, Lebanon, Feb. 23 (Reuters) - A leading pro-Iranian Muslim cleric appealed today for the release of Western hostages in Lebanon, saying the West had used their plight to defame Islam.
b-Reflected net loss equal to 11 cents a share at Barnes' Brazilian subsidiary due to economic turmoil in that country, compared with a 3 cents a share profit last year for both the quarter and 6 months.
''No, it's like being in love,'' he always explains.
Anyone who has even a passing acquaintance with a produce counter in an American market knows that such information is almost universally unavailable.
''It put the job on the line in the most clear and unequivocable way,'' Dr. Pursch said.
"I don't think of myself as a humble servant," she said.
United States Representative John G. Rowland, for example, generally said to be the Republican front-runner, said in a statement that he thought the budget news had ''dashed the optimism and hope that Connecticut residents brought to the start of this new decade.''
Moreover, under existing law, the city Police Department has a formal procedure in which anyone possessing an illegal weapon may turn it in and be eligible for amnesty at any time, though the department records the person's name and address and checks to see whether the gun was used in a crime, in which case the person could be subject to prosecution.
Reducing spending, you point out, requires ''tough political choices,'' but New York State is faced with a structural budget defect that can only be addressed by reducing spending to match available revenues.
As early as the 1850's Toqueville, the shrewdest observer of the world political scene, predicted that democracy would destroy aristocracy everywhere.
The Rockets' Vernon Maxwell had 20 points, followed by Kenny Smith with 18.
Mr. Healey, however, had a better explanation.
It is not easy to imagine that jurors would detect anything sexually arousing in this album's vile references to sex, insults to women and dirty nursery rhymes.
Mary Ann Elizabeth Kelly, the daughter of the late Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Leo Kelly of Scarsdale, N.Y., and Robert James Brady, a son of the late Mr. and Mrs. Harold James Brady of Brooklyn, were married yesterday at the Scarsdale Congregational Church by the Rev.
Today at 2 P.M. will be "Halloween Hunters," which will include a discussion about spiders, bats and flying insects.
Mr. Cheney proposed last month to cut the size of the armed forces by 25 percent.
At the time, the chief executive of NBC, Robert C. Wright, said the Tele-Communications request was intended to highlight the most controversial aspect of a cable re-regulation bill that has just been marked up by the Senate.
Since then, both men have whittled their grass-court tennis into textbook form, and although Edberg possesses the more artistic game, Lendl has insisted that he has not only reached a truce with the surface, but has also conquered it.
It was a year of dropping prices, used cassettes and "Dick Tracy," of the emerging laser disk, of consolidation and Blockbuster and Warner and MGM/UA, of "The Cook, the Thief" and NC-17.
High on marijuana, Lou imagines the bird to be her mother, ''already reincarnated,'' come back to give a ''benediction,'' a ''legacy,'' ''comfort from the other side.''
The variance in earnings may reflect different schools the men attended, and how well they did there, Mr. Sowell might say.
In the 1970's, the Nixon Administration proposed most-favored-nation treatment for the Soviet Union after Moscow paid the first installment on long-standing debts to the United States.
Ms. Caddell's doll was obviously more in love with herself than with the soldier.
It was a pivotal event of the season, and one that aroused the most mixed emotions.
Federal law requires states to repay the Government for a right-of-way purchased for a highway project that is abandoned, unless the right-of-way is used for specified purposes.
''But the situation on the ground in Kuwait is not improving.''
Mr. Axel, 35, graduated from the Fieldston School and magna cum laude from Harvard.
One, the Beaux Arts Trio, opened the final week of the festival on Monday evening at Avery Fisher Hall.
The report by the Food and Drug Administration did not suggest that the problems in reporting errors caused contaminated blood to be sent out, but rather that the reports of such errors after the fact were poorly handled.
She is a graduate of the Cate School and Middlebury College.
''The Mazowiecki Government's program, even if it is bitter medicine, is implemented on the basis of a social consensus,'' the Kremlin economist said.
Mr. Dole said at the time that some of his fellow senators are privately as critical of Israeli policy as he is.
or provided by Act of Congress or in rules prescribed by the Supreme Court .
A spokesman for the Bundesbank, West Germany's central bank, said the Bundesbank did not comment on rumors.
A reader has written recently to point out that it is Deak Square, not nearby Vorosmarty Square.
But the leaders missed the yellow the first time past the start-finish line and kept racing.
The apogee of this era, in many publishers' view, was the single-page proposal for Yves Saint Laurent's life story handed around at the 1988 Frankfurt Book Fair.
Awards will be given to 11 players as the best at their positions during this National Football League season.
"I've been a 3-D nut from then on," Mr. Benton said.
I love a fireside when a storm is due.
If anybody wants to come along, fine,' " the inside linebacker Steve DeOssie recalled.
In a society most people believe is disintegrating, at a time when the assignment of blame seems more important than the acceptance of responsibility, Mr. Wideman argues for a vision of life that includes virtues that may be disappearing from 20th-century culture: mercy, the ability to tolerate and accept difference, even distasteful difference.
''The S.S. and the farmer with a pitchfork searched for us, found a few and beat them.
Admiral Truly and several top NASA managers took over the agency after the shuttle Challenger exploded in January 1986, killing all seven crew members.
More unsettling still is the deathly green color of the local lake that fishermen frequented before its pollution.
A Cornwall resident, Dr. Brecher is the author of six books, including ''Brass Valley: The Story of Working People's Lives and Struggles in an American Industrial Region'' (Temple University Press, 1982) and ''History From Below: How to Uncover and Tell the Story of Your Community, Association or Union'' (Advocate Press, 1986).
The United States Attorney's office would get 10 military prosecutors from the Pentagon, and the Federal Bureau of Prisons would speed construction of a long-planned detention facility.
''I'm excited,'' said Peter Isler of San Diego, a member of the afterguard for the last two America's Cup defense teams.
8 Nine presumed lost as trawler capsizes in Bering Sea 10 A plan to cut Social Security taxes was strongly endorsed by the political wing of the Democratic Party, led by the chairman, Ronald Brown, despite opposition from the Democratic leadership in Congress.
Yucca Mountain is the last candidate, selected after a stormy, decades-long, multibillion-dollar search that crisscrossed much of the nation and eliminated dozens of other potential sites, often for reasons of politics rather than science.
Although a blood test for the AIDS virus had been developed by then, the sailor's blood samples had not been saved and the doctors could not verify the presumed diagnosis of AIDS.
He was affiliated with Wyckoff Heights Hospital in Brooklyn.
They spin off with companionable energy into dance that is as discontinuous as anything on the program but that has a sense of purpose and context.
Method is the thing, and students at Peter Kump's are taught that a true omelet has no brown spots, that it should be runny on the inside and that it should never be flipped with anything more than the wrist or - in a desperate pinch - a fork.
For the first time since testimony began nearly three weeks ago, the jury in the Central Park attack trial yesterday heard evidence linking one defendant with the rape and attempted murder of a jogger.
Mrs. Heller-Doros, 32 years old, is the director of educational video and print sales at New Yorker Films.
McIlvaine indicated that he might still be interested in a trade for Ellis Burks, the center fielder for the Boston Red Sox.
School boards in those counties pay for medical examinations and do not require drug tests and fingerprinting for applicants.
''What always surprised me was the greed of the people,'' said Miss Badillo, interviewed at the Mexico City prison where she is now being held.
Philip A. Fulvi, a professor of foreign languages at Pace University, died on Sunday at Cabrini Medical Center in Manhattan.
Twenty-six of 8,682 patients studied from 1986 to 1988 died, and 14 of them were younger than 6 months old, the centers said.
A Need to Preserve Order Hans-Jurgen Fischbeck, a founding member of Democracy Now, said the opposition cannot let the Government collapse.
''Tonight, my voice never got any higher than it is now.
From ''The Great and Secret Show,'' it is clear that Mr. Barker's intention is to force the horror genre to encompass a kind of dread, an existential despair, that it hasn't noticeably evinced until now.
The author was then in the midst of writing a $750,000 book for Warner about the baseball star Pete Rose.
''I'm not convinced that cigarettes cause cancer,'' she said.
''Creighton is a fine school and we tried to do something extra and we got stung badly.
1 Brazil shakes up its steel industry 29 Rebel forces in Liberia began an offensive apparently aimed at cutting off Liberia's capital from the rest of the country.
The agency's owners deny receiving any financing from the P.L.O.
Ms. Fong said Friday that most of the vacant apartments have either been filled or have had applicants assigned to them.
''We definitely are underachieving,'' he said.
An anti-Semitic tribunal, presented in secret with flimsy evidence, court-martialed Dreyfus in 1894 as a German spy.
His appeal for black schoolchildren to return to classes was also widely disregarded.
He was admitted to a hospital at Katmandu, where doctors found multiple fractures of the thigh.
He borrowed money to meet estimated costs of around $120,000.
Problems of Land and Duties The United States has tried to persuade Israel to lower the duties - even as Washington is considering a request for $400 million in special loan guarantees for Israel to pay for new immigrant housing.
''When consumer confidence is low, people become thrift shoppers.
Hours later, after his disappearance for more than two months, Mr. Vento surfaced in Ohio, but he declined then to say whether he would keep his agreement to testify.
Twice, she fell and twice she was wobbled by leg cramps, although she remained vertical until her victory slump in her chair at courtside, a wonderful moment for her, an agonizing one for Seles.
Microphone comes with ''canned'' command sequences, called scripts, that automate the operation of such popular electronic information services as Compuserve, MCI Mail, Delphi, Genie, BIX, Easylink, Dow Jones and the Well.
The United Steel Workers, whose agreement with USX expires in January, will soon begin fighting for an accord similar to those won at Bethlehem, Inland, Armco Inc. and the LTV Corporation.
"They're more confident if we show confidence," Maggie Cameron, a gate agent, said.
Finally, install the inner sash and molding strips enclosing it.
''I just can't, in good conscience, continue to do this.''
Yesterday's price run-up came a day before the Treasury was expected to auction a record $10.8 billion worth of new two-year notes.
I had to go on with my life and it's really working out for me.
But at the insistence of Britain, the NATO communique also said that ''there are no circumstances in which nuclear retaliation in response to military action might be discounted.''
The throw came after an infield single by Omar Vizquel, whose high bouncer glanced off Witt's glove, and a walk to Harold Reynolds, both with nobody out.
The banks locked out union members Feb. 1.
The 1989 year results included pretax charges totaling $855.2 million related to Bristol-Myers' merger with Squibb.
Maurice Brahms, a spokesman for the Red Zone, said residents who complain are simply unwilling to coexist with a nightclub.
"V. and Other Poems" is divided into two sections: one British, one American.
The college hockey season has already has its first officiating controversy about goals, one that counted and one that did not.
They dominated every area of play.''
Even today, he said, he would welcome the Iraqi leader in Egypt as part of an effort to find such a face-saving solution.
They agreed to waive profits.
It also marks the beginning of an era in which the challenges facing the museum, like those facing the country it represents, only grow more complex.
David Lee, senior vice president of the Magazine Publishers of America, called the move a milestone for the Audit Bureau of Circulations.
Annual sales per restaurant are about $1.6 million a year, flat since 1988 -- a decline when inflation is taken into account.
500 up 3.32, to 340.27.
It's fenced with begonias; it bears a small bronze plaque that celebrates the ''integrity of his life.''
Should the Senate reject this nominee, Mr. Bush can send up somebody similar, and another and another if need be.
'The Tough Ones' A security guard was scolding a loiterer outside the Daughter of Jacob Nursing Home, where Mr. Donatuti, accompanied by Robert Pearson, a Chemical account officer, parked, on his way to meet its director.
It is easy to reconcile the achievements of the most advanced contemporary engineering, which are largely transcultural and less tainted by topicality than pidgin is (for pidgin is made of the immediate the way souffles are fashioned out of whipped air), with the meditative simplicities of the Japanese tradition - including its reverence for craft, its insistence upon ritual (that is, on formal procedures), its love of material and relentless attention to detail, its rigor and rightness - and with, despite the artificiality of its objects, technology's profound and necessary respect for natural law.
Such a proposal emerged from the 1987 crash, but then was forgotten - until the minicrash last October.
I just bought a new house on the water, and I'm going to try not to grind.
He thinks the worst is over, but, he said only half jokingly in an interview, ''if I had to do it all over again, I'd make sure to volunteer somebody else for the job.''
He was beaten with, among other things, a baseball bat.
In many work places and in vast stretches of the country, secrecy remains the norm for homosexuals, but in no other large segment of society is the hostility toward them as absolute or codified as it is in the armed forces.
''Very few developers went in to the Mitchell-Lama program with the specific idea that 'aha, I'm going to make a whole lot money 20 years from now,' '' said Mr. Higgins, who has been struggling to fashion a moratorium agreement that both the Assembly and the Senate can accept.
Meanwhile, Dave Winfield did not exactly belong to anybody, at least until an arbitrator could decide how much permission was required for the trade and how much was given.
In fiscal 1990, the arts endowment received $171.2 million from the Federal Government while the humanities endowment got $156.9 million.
"In more secure times, people would be more willing to talk about it," he said.
It's a perverse kind of pleasure.''
The collection begins with a letter to President Nixon from Mr. Davies, dated May 8, 1970, protesting the killings.
As much as anything else, it is that feeling of futility that sustains the leftist rebels and drives the decade-old conflict.
#1 Out of 10 Could Close Defense Secretary Dick Cheney is already planning to close Zweibrucken Air Base, in the southwest corner of the state about 100 miles from Bad Kreuznach.
Those who insist that a horse must prove his quality by beating other good horses say that all Champagneforashley is right now is a very good New York-bred.
A transit police spokesman, Al O'Leary, said the incident occurred at 5:35 A.M. when the seven youths -four girls and three boys - climbed aboard the northbound D train at Stillwell Avenue.
Differences between the Soviet Union and the United States on when to use force to uphold economic sanctions against Iraq are troublesome.
Whitey Herzog of the Cardinals had shoulder surgery and Don Zimmer of the Cubs had a knee operation during the off season.
But Edward Judson, the church's founder and first minister, had surprising ideas about his ministry.
Justice Owens also said yesteray that he might instruct the jurors considering the case against Mr. Mondello that if they find him not guilty of murder, they may reduce the charges to manslaughter, which carries a shorter prison sentence.
A Touchy Issue Mr. Varga has avoided clashes over the job cuts by working with Tungsram's union.
If Mr. Malan was seeking to diminish outrage over Mr. Lubowski's death by claiming that he used his position as a senior official of the South-West Africa People's Organization to spy for South Africa, the immediate reaction indicated that the effort had backfired.
This involves applying three layers with time for curing allowed between.
While lending to middle-market businesses requires more staff and more investment in branches than does wholesale banking, it produces profit margins that are much higher than those from loans to blue-chip companies, which can pick the best deal from dozens of competing banks.
When they pass each other you feel a change, something is missing.''
By Suzanne Farrell with Toni Bentley.
He became Lieutenant Governor of the state in 1983, and he has been active in more than a dozen organizations seeking improvements in the environment, education and government.
The bank will be the first international financial institution to which the Soviet Union belongs.
The compromise was for the state to build an 18-foot-wide bicycle path at the base of the wall.
The Hawkeyes took an early lead of 28-0 and never looked back as they coasted to a 54-28 victory.
We have to think about the future.
To the Editor: In response to Andre Gregory's Sept. 7 letter on the use of ''white face'' makeup by the African-American actor Paul Winfield: The debate over the use of makeup by actors of any racial or ethnic background when playing characters of another racial or ethnic background is absurd.
Mr. Rockmuller said Tahra was not being "educated in a complete sense" in public school, and the couple wanted her to have more time to pursue her creative writing.
''They have a lot more lateral support and more comfort from a driver's perspective.
''It's like a sporting event, where you can buy a hot dog, and you don't have to wear a coat and tie.''
Orange juice contracts for other months, which are limited to daily moves of 5 cents a pound, rose moderately to catch up with January.
''The real issue is that the human community has created all sorts of wonderful things.
With 80 singers and three performances a year, the organization's sheet music was piling up.
''The aftereffects of World War II, let loose 50 years ago, call for vigilance,'' he said in an address to the Holy See's diplomatic corps.
"You're putting yourself on the line -- I get nervous every time," Joel noted.
It sounds very much like what we've been talking about for two months here.''
"People really want to know more about the Soviet Union, and this is a fun way to learn," said Pat Duncan, president of the company.
The protesters were arrested by security officers at the desert site, 105 miles northwest of Las Vegas, and the blast took place at 11:17 A.M., two hours behind schedule.
It was close only once.
My spirits do not soar at the prospect of a battle.
The Administration treated the opposition leader almost like a head of state, acknowledging how far Mr. Kinnock has moderated his party and hinting at how far Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher's political fortunes have faded.
He pulled out photographs that appeared to show him as a young man holding a combat rifle with other armed young men.
Outboard Marine has turned to feelings, rather than features, to sell its Johnson outboard motors.
500 contract had fallen 12 points, to 352.80.
The state flood control headquarters, quoted by the official New China News Agency, said the typhoon flooded 695,000 acres of farmland in the two provinces and destroyed 25,200 houses in Guangdong.
with: 'I pledge allegiance to the balance of trade and to the Export-Import Bank for which it stands.
''This is unbelievable,'' Clemens said long after Boston failed to avoid the inevitable, a fourth and final loss to Oakland.
It will even remind you whom to call.
Burger King is switching to Coke from Pepsi as its soft-drink supplier.
This is from the annual message to congress for 1862, included in "Abraham Lincoln on Democracy," edited by Mario M. Cuomo and Harold Holzer (Cornelia & Michael Bessie/HarperCollins).
The Republican candidate, Senator Pete Wilson, promised to be an ''activist governor'' who would ''make the changes California desperately needs.''
"The public loved the fights, against NATO, for social change," she said.
But Mr. Jaramillo, who was heading to a Caribbean beach for a vacation, had decided to leave his bulletproof vest at home.
However, ''Mother Nature,'' to be shown at the company's fund-raising gala on Wednesday, might be described as a modern masque.
Six-Screen Theater Planned Still, the apparent paralysis has not frightened away developers.
ABC executives pointed to the consistency of the program's ratings as evidence that viewers were not drifting away from the series.
Japanese buyers and American sellers are wary of offending an American public that has become sensitive to a burgeoning number of Japanese investors, who now trail only the British as foreigners with a financial investment in the United States.
But what does that mean specifically, here and now, for actions in the gulf?
Saks Fifth Avenue and Marshall Field will be put up for sale this week, each hoping to attract a bid of more than $1 billion.
As your report implies, insofar as overseas Chinese support is concerned, the present campaign for democracy is no parallel to Sun Yat-sen's campaign to overthrow the Manchu dynasty at the beginning of this century.
Philip H. Geier Jr. has become a kind of corporate psychiatrist treating a case of schizophrenia at the Interpublic Group of Companies, the largest and oldest advertising conglomerate in the United States.
500 mark for the first time in their history with 2-1 record.
Throughout the 33 countries, heart disease accounted for 30 percent of the deaths, with cancer accounting for 21 percent and strokes for 14 percent.
13 in C (K. 415), with Louie Lortie as the soloist, and the Sinfonia Concertante in E flat (K. 364), with the violinist Cho-Liang Lin and the violist Jaime Laredo as the soloists.
THE DEBATE ABOUT THE WATER system tends to be cast as an argument over facts: How much water is lost through leaks?
It is finally paying off: Ground was broken this month for a project offering eligible families 28 half-acre homesites in Southold Village for $30,000 each.
Ship brokers, freight agents and shipping executives agree that higher prices have meant more profits for shipowners.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Right Management ConsultFants Qtr to June 30 1990 1989 Revenue 8,077,000 5,716,000 Net inc 589,000 308,000 Share earns .22 .12 6mo rev 15,608,000 10,876,000 Net inc 1,107,000 579,000 Share earns .41 .22 View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Both can steal bases, enhancing an already strong phase of the Expos' game (they led the league with 160 stolen bases last season).
Keith is a prodigious consumer of aphrodisiac ''porno'' beverages and burning curries, and Mr. Amis gives us, all too often, a graphic account of Keith's bodily functions; repetition dulls the effects of the author's savagery.
Later he was executive producer of the ''CBS Morning News'' and the late-night CBS news program ''Nightwatch.''
As campaigning for the Texas gubernatorial primaries reached a peak last week, secret negotiations were conducted by two high-priced media consultants, each representing a top contender in the Republican race.
The Solidarity Prime Minister, Tadeusz Mazowiecki, spoke this month to supporters when he formally set the date for the local elections on May 27.
But Alan Greenspan, chairman of the Federal Reserve, is concerned that making securities reflect their market value could make bank earnings volatile and cause banks to avoid making otherwise sound investments.
''On paper, the potential is there for us to be great as a unit,'' said Shaw.
Where the ''village'' writers rail against the dangers of materialist corruption by the West - describing rock-and-roll as ''spiritual AIDS'' -Mr. Erofeyev said he believes that Soviet writers can be invigorated by the West without losing their heritage.
The 29 Asiad events will include, in addition to most of the typical Olympic sports, such Asian specialties as kabbadi, which has the advantage in poor countries that it requires no special equipment.
The takeovers he funded forced corporate executives to trim fat.
Following are the results of the Treasury's weekly bill auctions: (000 omitted in dollar figures) $ 3-Mo.
The House bill would double the Federal tax on cars with low gasoline mileage.
Yet accounting might be one of the best careers for the future.
Groats can also be ground into flour.
In addition to the NASA effort, they said, a 20-person panel from the Aerospace Industries Association is looking at the process of gathering new ideas, seeing if new channels need to be cut through the Federal bureaucracy and its procurement process.
''For horse riding it doesn't matter where you come from.''
A selection of prepared dishes ranges from cold fish concoctions in aspic to heavily sauced meats and vegetables; wines and sweets are available in the same shop.
''The prospects are pretty bleak at this point,'' said Don Nakamoto, spokesman for District 722 of the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers, which represents 5,000 workers at the Lockheed plant in Burbank.
In every sport, certain events transcend the hype that engulfs them, though I'm not sure I could explain that to Angles.
Baylor credited Dave Stewart, Bret Saberhagen, Roger Clemens and Bob Welch as pitchers who pitch inside effectively.
b-Net income Hampton said actual shares outstanding at Dec. 30, 1989, were 4,290,780, compared to 3,900,910 a year earlier.
* Allied-Signal Inc., Morristown, N.J., an aerospace and industrial-products company, said it would build a plant in Thailand to produce copper-clad laminates for circuit boards.
''I'm not sure, but I would bet 100 to 1 that VMS will not be around for long,'' said Scott Miller, a Houston-based consultant who has followed VMS for years.
He wanted to make an idealized portrait of what freedom represented to him, so it really wasn't a portrait of me at all."
The issue is rated AA-3 by Moody's and A-plus by Standard & Poor's.
Lack of a Transition Because of its abrupt and violent revolution, Rumania has not had the luxury of being gently guided from single-party authoritarianism toward pluralism.
''As long ago as I can remember, our family, at the dinner table, was interested in geological, astronomical developments,'' Dr. Teschan said.
VALUE OF CONSTRUCTION CONTRACTS (Residential in millions of dollars) Source: F.W.
Line 430 of one of the supreme poems of modernism, ''The Waste Land,'' reads: ''Le Prince d'Aquitaine a la tour abolie.''
A George IV ebony side cabinet - inlaid with 17th-century marble plaques of stylized flowers, birds and insects - was sold by the Brooklyn Museum on April 26 for $770,000, a record at auction for 19th-century furniture.
Since January, the Almeida, which is nonprofit and supervised by a board, has become a producing playhouse attracting talent like the actresses Glenda Jackson and Claire Bloom and the directors Nicholas Hytner and Andrei Serban.
He added that he had never heard Mr. Milken criticize a deal to which Drexel had committed itself.
''They've got the top shot in Al MacInnis, and a great complement on the point in Gary Suter.
Equal access to world markets is one thing, but a marketing blitz by powerful, wealthy multinational tobacco companies is another.
And, within weeks of the wedding, Hoover twice spotted Gardner with another woman, once at Gardner's house, cooking him his breakfast.
De Beauvoir didn't betray women.
But butter is also highly saturated, Mrs. Roberts pointed out, and while no one would advocate an all-butter diet, few would object to the use of a couple of tablespoons, as with the palm oil, to finish a sauce for six people.
''Will more of the burden be shifted to the states, and if so, how much?''
A Department of Energy panel recommended against financing, and the only confirmed contribution was a $50,000 grant from the Utah Power & Light Company in March.
Matters bottomed out one morning in Sicily, as we hiked the wildflower-strewn path to the lonely Greek temple at Seggesta.
Arkansas Applies the Press Princeton inbounded the ball, but had trouble advancing to midcourt against Arkansas's press and called time with 8 seconds left.
"The Island is thicker in Nassau than the East End," he said.
The selling's beginning to feed on itself.''
Mrs. Hermann has a three-year contract with Ballet Theater.
Now the Dinkins administration asks whether the city can afford the project.
Even as the characters diverge from the known specifics of their biographies - in his invention, Mr. Dear has collapsed 10 years into one evening - and as the dialogue embraces the anachronistic, the play captures the tumultuous Hogarthian period.
DEBT * L.A. Gear Inc., Los Angeles, has established a $360 million one-year line of credit with a group of domestic and international banks led by BankAmerica, replacing a $325 million line of credit arranged earlier this year.
But he said he expected that potential buyers would send representatives to inspect the properties.
The scores of urban parents my colleagues and I have interviewed from all ethnic and income groups do not let their children out unsupervised.
The work-ethic business is not merely a matter of dedication to physical conditioning.
The Mayor's endorsement - his first in a political contest since being elected - is important to Mr. Serrano, not only because it appears to carry the support of the liberal, black and Hispanic coalition that elected Mr. Dinkins but also because of the rising number of blacks in Mr. Serrano's South Bronx district.
The company also said today that a Federal judge in Pittsburgh had granted a temporary stay delaying its emergence from bankruptcy protection.
When it was revealed last October that half of the price paid by Mr.
''But we have definitely begun looking beyond the obvious, no matter how illogical or obscure.''
4, rose 1 3/8, to 23 3/8; First Interstate, No.
Three minutes later, Day, who finished with 19 points, drew a technical after being called for a foul.
When Miss Tutwiler was asked whether the United States supported self-determination and independence for Soviet Armenians and Azerbaijanis, as it does for Latvians, Lithuanians and Estonians, she declined to comment, but said she would check on what exactly was the Bush Administration's position.
''There's something of Alice in Wonderland in it,'' Mr. Roemer says, and it's true that Harry, like Alice, seems at the mercy of the rapid-fire events that befall him.
Women's more-open dress and casual shoes are likely to keep their feet well aerated, but when worn without stockings or socks, even sandals may rub and cause blisters and calluses.
Mr. McPhee allows himself to be fanciful only now and then.
He is accused of plotting to share in a $7.2 million profit from the sale of a $33.4 million ranch to the tribe in 1987.
They listed 340 survivors, but it was uncertain how many people had actually been aboard when the fire broke out.
Who is responsible for correcting this problem?
The furniture was brought to a vacant building at Pilgrim Psychiatric Center and United Way agencies were invited to come on down and pick it out, all for free.
Although he was formally vice president in charge of land acquisition, much of his work was raising funds and working out complex deals involving enormous sums of money.
This turn-of-the-century hotel, with tall windows that open onto the Vieux Port, has 37 rooms and 6 suites, most of which have a view of the harbor.
Some studies indicate the average officer would have to work 300 years before becoming involved in a fatal shooting of a civilian.
Grace Lee Nute, a historian and educator who was a retired research associate at the Minnesota Historical Society, died May 4 at a nursing home in Menlo Park, Calif. She was 94 years old and lived in Walnut Creek, Calif. Miss Nute began her career as curator of the Minnesota Historical Society's manuscript collection in 1921, after earning a Ph.D. in American history at Harvard University.
One can hear a lot of talking about ''indecision,'' ''foot-dragging'' and ''delays'' in taking required measures.
The reduplication of a word, substituting shm- for the beginning of its first syllable, is Yiddish.
But when the journal's reviewers raised questions, the authors said they were too busy to respond and withdrew the paper.
Mr. Mandela's lawyer, Dullah Omar, said in Cape Town today that Mr. Mandela was drafting his own reply to Mr. de Klerk's speech.
Among other details, the authors describe how an offhand remark by Alton H. Maddox Jr., a lawyer who was an adviser to Miss Brawley, turned into a major accusation against a white Dutchess County prosecutor and then led in turn to a lawsuit against the advisers charging defamation.
One, for example, mandates that a person convicted of possessing five grams of crack serve at least five years.
Mr. Philmore and the singer Designer are to merge calypso and steel-drum music in their duet ''Pan by Storm,'' and the program also includes the masquerade competition for King of the Bands, satirical humor from the Ole Mas and Characters troupe and an appearance by the Moko Jumbie stiltwalkers.
On the evening of Monday Aug. 20, Mr. Pickering was instructed to call an urgent Security Council meeting to seek a resolution allowing the use of force to enforce the sanctions.
c-Included a $43 million gain from a change in accounting for income tax.
He said that the payroll survey, which takes account of workers with multiple jobs and is generally considered a better economic gauge, had historically overstated job growth at economic peaks and that a recent narrowing of the gap between it and the household survey meant economic weakness.
In June they sold their Greenwich Village apartment and bought a house in Ridgewood, N.J. "Emotionally it was the right thing, because we wanted to get away from the city and all its problems, but we went into it blindly," said Ms. Silverman, who is also 36.
The lawsuit, filed Tuesday, seeks a court order allowing the Councilmen to file for re-election.
But Mr. Moore said he did not think closing the stores would resolve long-term problems at the root of the conflict and the others that have erupted in the city between various immigrant and ethnic groups over the years.
Today's weaker market in the New York area, plus the reduced number of sales to inside tenants at the time of conversion, means that, even after five years, a sponsor may still own most of a building's apartments.
She also tried to capture the vivid ways little children talk and what kind of drawings they respond to.
Having defined Nicaraguan politics as part of a broader East-West conflict, diplomats say, neither the Reagan Administration nor the Bush Administration placed much store in their beleaguered outpost.
Indeed, Saturn dealers have been patient with the slow production in part because they received red-carpet treatment from the auto maker.
The Yankees left the meetings without having made an offer to the two pitchers Michael said they have interest in, Bob Welch and Zane Smith.
The two most publicized new channels, both all-comedy entities, were compelled to merge.
's European business, said Juergen Berg, who directs the company's European operations.
Kashmiri militants had earlier campaigned for union with Pakistan, which claims Kashmir because of its predominantly Muslim population, but the militants now demand independence and the status of a neutral country.
But some loyalists worry about the party's ability to hold its own in the new, more competitive political environment.
''I considered having Morris hit away,'' Piniella acknowledged, ''but there are a lot more ways to score a guy from third with one out than from first and second with no outs.
NYC's cost effective solution: DO NOTHING.''
Under Ron Link's direction, frenzy is the bottom line.
Maybe these team meetings should become a permanent part of the Mets' daily schedule, just like batting practice and running sprints.
As a result of the cutbacks, Pan Am projects it will fly 7.5 percent fewer passenger miles next year.
Nonetheless, several investors and analysts said Alex.
What's most important is to increase math and science literacy among all Americans, whether or not they pursue graduate degrees.
The encounter took place at a game at the Rose Bowl in November when some members of Lambda Delta Lambda arrived wearing lavender T-shirts bearing their Greek letters.
The official was slightly wounded in the neck and arm.
In 1950, a 10-minute telephone call between the United States and Britain cost $209; it now costs as little as $9.90.
Ms. Scott, a veteran musical comedy performer who also has appeared in TV soaps (''Ryan's Hope'' and ''All My Children'') recently completed a role in ''Bingo,'' a film directed by Ossie Davis.
The Hollywood Years After ''The Rules of the Game,'' (a colossal failure when it appeared), Renoir spent the 1940's in Hollywood.
Saks and Marshall Field were put on the auction block last September by B.A.T.
His father was a lawyer.
A doorman's double-breasted melton coat with brass buttons and, with luck, an embroidered name of a tony Manhattan building sells for $60.
In the Megeve area, there are 89 lifts and about 170 miles of groomed trails.
Anderson said he would not be disappointed if he is left unprotected, ''but a little surprised.''
The nation's seven regional Bell companies have all announced plans to offer caller identification in the near future, and some have predicted that as many as 20 percent of their customers will subscribe to the service.
In follow-up interviews after last week's New York Times/CBS News Poll, Americans talked with disgust about Washington's inability to resolve the budget impasse.
That, he said, made continued work on the Star Wars system imperative.
"Caution and profit taking are the watchwords of the day.
Smartfood popcorn has been available only in New England, where the brand was marketed through promotions conducted by Mullen, which has held the popcorn company's public relations account since 1986.
The spokesman said NBC would have to confer with its affiliates before acting on the request.
And like many others before him, Mr. Johnson had been certified for the ministry by a bishop who knew of his sexual preference but chose not to make it an issue.
Volume slid to 155.1 million shares, from 172.3 million the day before, with 791 stocks down and 725 ahead.
People had that all wrong, Mrs. Hurwitz countered.
The money report had no effect on prices in the credit markets.
In the woods where the plane went down, emergency workers confronted the grim reality of the accident, lining up a row of bodies and covering them in sheets.
By cutting state agency budgets by 2 percent, the administration was able to save roughly $130 million.
He has become a local hero of huge proportions, in a state known for doing things in a huge way.
''The markets are worrying that there will be a prolonged and messy confrontation,'' said Edward Yardeni, the chief economist of Prudential-Bache Securities, who previously had voiced hopes that Iraq would back down and withdraw from Kuwait without violence.
At the time Dr. Salamon checked for signs of fusion, Dr. Will said, ''experimental conditions prevailing in those experiments were not suitable to finding the phenomenon.''
Often general lighting can be augmented with mirror lighting and shower or tub fixtures.
As he made his way around a lunchroom for elderly people in Massachusetts today, Mr. Atkins observed, "People like to see you.
''The question is the definition of real estate,'' he said.
''We used to live in a world where things were meant to be good,'' says Stephen Schiff, critic-at-large for Vanity Fair magazine.
It also bore a picture of the slain youth.
We will have to do more than build our way out of the problem.
Mr. Baker and President Bush decided that they would keep the two-plus-four idea closely held and begin secretly polling the three other Allies, one by one.
The National Collegiate Athletic Association found that the coaching staff at East Carolina, which is in Greenville, N.C., had hidden away a prospective player from other college recruiters, a tactic known as ''baby-sitting.''
When Senator Helms complained that the bill was the ''flagship of the homosexual-lesbian agenda,'' Mr. Hatch retorted that it was misleading to suggest that the bill created any rights for homosexuals.
Latest quarter and year results included acquisition of Automax Inc. on Nov. 29, 1989 for 552,000 shares of common stock by pooling-of-interest method.
''Come back in six months and I'll tell you how it feels,'' he said.
The major television networks are expected to carry the President's speech.
The term ''hypothermia'' popped into my head.
Deals in the Soviet Union Ms. Dyson said she wants to extend the deal-making process to include the Soviet Union.
I sat entranced for more than an hour, until the fire faded and I could pick out Orion.
The Greater Hartford Open also gave Levi his 11th victory in a career that began in 1977, leaving him with more victories than better-known veterans like Greg Norman, Fuzzy Zoeller, Larry Nelson, Stadler and Hal Sutton.
Evelyn MacGregor Blewer was her sister's maid of honor.
When Budd opened the meeting to questions, however, he was stunned by the audience's hostility.
"We would have wished she had been more effective in arguing for these policies, but that might have been an awful lot to expect of this Administration."
''They handle young children well, but they can't stand being challenged,'' Dr. Ayres said.
Her father, the late Heinz Juergen von Lepel, was the founder and the president of the Lepel Corporation, a manufacturer of semiconductor equipment in Maspeth, Queens.
It stretches them and shows them other directions.
It is the first time lenders had offered such favorable terms to a highly indebted middle-income country.
Most Western buyers, according to Mr. Longhi, are too late to form comprehensive collections of Japanese and Chinese art.
''When I first heard them, I was coming to the end of school and wanted to do something I could be instinctive about.
Mr. Vargas Llosa, an admirer of Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher of Britain, has drawn up a blueprint for a free-market revolution in Peru.
'C'est pour cela qu'on les appelle lecons .
Their generally competent essays offer us something between a nonalphabetical encyclopedia and a miscellany, with no primary subject and no sustained argument.
Nobody could tell the difference.
It is also one of the most severely corroded section of the pipeline, though officials say there is no immediate danger of the pipeline bursting.
C. Olivetti & Company, the Italian office machine and computer concern, announced it had formed a consortium to build a second cellular telephone system in Italy.
b-After losses from discontinued operations of $276,000 for the quarter and $494,000 for the year.
He said he believed censure was the ''minimum appropriate action.''cause.
That means more to me than winning Cy Young.''
Should we give the contras just nonmilitary aid?
But it wouldn't be a common stock with accountability to shareholders.''
For example, studies of hormonal treatments for enlarged prostates in older men may produce a far less costly alternative to the 400,000 prostate operations done each year.
The only potential problem is, when hip New York night owls sniff it out, will there be any room for chefs?
A third could not be reached for comment.
The demonstrators carried signs reading, ''We Love Education,'' and ''Katzman Must Go'' - a reference to the committee chairman, Arthur J. Katzman, 85 years old, of Forest Hills.
David T. McLaughlin is president of the Aspen Institute, which sponsors international conferences on political philosophy and policy issues.
Never letting go, you are!''
But early on he began losing faith in New Forum and other opposition groups.
It operates more than 200 daily flights between the major Hawaiian islands.
Mr. Rona and Mr. Starr said they were unaware of any other court rulings in favor of an Indian group that had not been recognized as a tribe.
He was 76 years old.
Other food wastes do not belong in compost because they attract rodents, especially rats, mice and raccoons.
In 1980, they only had one chance to look over the bureau's shoulder.
As he has reduced Chiappucci's lead, which was as much as 7:27, on July 12, LeMond has often stated he will proclaim himself winner only after he crosses the final finish line on the Champs-Elysees.
''And while it is not perfect economically, we can live with it.''
For her adoring audience, the 72-year-old Miss Bailey did a slightly elevated lounge act, with pop songs, standards and selections from ''Hello, Dolly!''
"But the North-West Frontier Province gets only 13.5, because Pukhtoons living in other provinces and in the tribal areas are not counted.
The article should have carried a response from the Lubavitcher movement.
But I - the linkage is between the emigration and the I mean the, the trade-agreement linkage - is between, the M.F.N.
Ms. Dearing made her own dance costumes and many of her own clothes, a skill she learned as a child.
Blame for that accident was placed on personnel who failed to close bow doors.
Private Mink, a lanky 20-year-old from Palatine, Ill., waited patiently in the checkout line Sunday morning, relishing his first visit to what, for the hundreds of thousands of American soldiers in Saudi Arabia, is the next best thing to a ticket home: the post office and PX, or post exchange.
Next, embrace the Senate Budget Committee's goal of reducing the deficit by $43 billion in 1991.
At the time the company was hoping to make a name for itself in the New York development arena.
'We had a problem with our transition game again.
Two other Knicks have scored 2,000 or more points.
Unrealistic Estimates He added that Mr. Shugrue's estimate that jet-fuel prices would be about 91 cents a gallon on the average next year was unrealistic, considering the risk of war in the Middle East.
He was a trustee of Stamford Hospital and Yale-New Haven Hospital.
When the czarist regime eliminated the oil monopoly at the beginning of the 1870's, opening the door to private enterprise, it ignited a burst of investment and development, and there emerged a large, dynamic industry led by the Nobel and Rothschild families.
The expected indictments follow a 10-month investigation.
If Mrs. Andreyeva is slipping to the margins of history, as the polls and election results suggest, she is comforted by knowing she is not going alone.
The companies concealed the debris by mixing and covering it with dirt, granite and other ''clean'' waste, prosecutors said.
In 59 games since that day, though, Dykstra has batted .286, a performance more in line with his .268 career average.
But in this country, TBWA has been something of an ad industry enigma.
The operating rate at factories, mines and utilities rose 0.2 percent, to 83.3 percent.
Continuation From Friday The market activity yesterday was largely a continuation of that on Friday, when the dollar tumbled in reaction to reports of slow growth of the gross national product in June.
''Competitive forces should decide which pipelines get built,'' said G. Mitchell Wilk, president of the commission.
Leonard Greenspoon, a Clemson University religion professor, said yoga, while having Eastern religious roots, had become a secularized form of exercise and relaxation.
A comparison, for instance, with our sister state of California (which has a prison population of more than 80,000), should make it clear that New York State has not been unwilling to use such alternatives.
Guetterman Injured This season, not even a Yankee victory can be thoroughly enjoyed.
MIRANDA AND THE MOVIES Written and illustrated by Jane Kendall.
The shingles on any roof, including slate, are not what keeps the water out; it is the heavy black felt paper (tar paper) under the shingles that sheds the water.
"There were a few stares, but nobody ever called me a faggot," he said.
Indeed, although there is a libretto and singers, the work is divided into four movements that correspond recognizably to the movements of a conventional symphony.
Mr. Courter has not endorsed anyone in the race, although he has agreed to become an adviser for Mr. Zimmer and Mr. McConkey on foreign affairs and defense.
Indeed, Mr. Tortorici said, the ambitions of the programmers in the fall may have to be drastically scaled back.
* Simon & Schuster, New York, a publishing subsidiary of Paramount Communications, named Martin E. Kenney Jr. president of its Supplementary Education Group.
The evening was dedicated to the late Akiko Tachibana, a pioneer in bringing ballet to Japan.
Arab Leaders Meeting A senior Israeli official, Yossi Ben-Aharon, director of Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir's office, linked the bombing to the meeting of Arab leaders that opened today in Baghdad.
Perhaps the more important consideration is network security.
For example, 35 percent of high school seniors don't think that smoking a pack a day causes serious harm; and while 95 percent of high school smokers believe they will later stop smoking, eight years later only 25 percent of them have.
The Salvadoran military is betting that it will.
Daffy's, which promotes itself as providing ''Clothing Bargains for Millionaires'' - and has been known to park limousines outside its stores for effect - is certain to broaden competition in the area.
The main national evening news program, ''Vremya,'' showed one worker who raised the subject when Yuri D. Maslyukov, a Politburo member, visited a plant here in Vilnius.
''I think I would have been a lot more close-minded about people in general,'' Rachel said.
Today the authorities said the man, William Bennett, was no longer a suspect.
The August wholesale prices were 1.1 percent higher than in August 1989.
Carpeaux knew the secret of dance.
Large lumps that stick up should be chiseled or scraped off with a stiff putty knife and hammer, but the rest can be removed by sanding with coarse paper.
While he said he did not think that the President had lost his constituency, Senator Chafee conceded that ''their enthusiasm has been dulled so they might not be out there in such force as they might have been in November for our candidates.''
This is the most prominent account conflict since the merger fever struck the accounting profession last spring.
Charles A. Bevan Jr. performed the ceremony at St. John's Episcopal Church in Salisbury, Conn., assisted by the Rev.
In 1988, they were charged with civil fraud and other allegations by theSecurities and Exchange Commission, and Drexel agreed to plead guilty to six felonies and pay $650 million.
Losses were estimated at $500,00 to $1 million.
That a foreigner should touch what is often regarded as the greatest of all Spanish paintings did not sit well with Spaniards.
And since the distinguishing American technologies were related to the all-important conversion of resources into products, the United States became the front-runner in technology, Mr. Wright argues.
Warm exchanges of toasts with the men who ordered the murders.
Nevertheless, he presented such a compellingly written and scientifically detailed narrative that Dr. Gallo seemed guilty of either chicanery or terrible sloppiness merely by implication.
Meanwhile, employers in New Jersey are awaiting final guidelines from the State Division on Civil Rights.
Christians have identified and maltreated many minorities, but none have been subjected to the same depth of obloquy and cruelty, sustained over so many centuries, as the Jews.
He said demand will rise to 18.4 trillion cubic feet in 1991, up from 18.1 trillion cubic feet this year.
The problem of secession comprises deep economic, social, political-legal, defense-strategic and international-geopolitical aspects.
I just gave one to the thrift shop and I should have kept it another year.
The scope, the scale of it.
With only a few dissenters, the panel concluded that if worldwide ''business as usual'' continues, the earth's global mean temperature could increase by 5.4 degrees Fahrenheit by the end of the next century.
For the first time in anyone's memory, the rank and file of the academy's party committee shouted down their superiors.
Mrs. York is two months pregnant with the couple's first child, said Mark Franciskovich, who was monitoring the Yorks' phone.
Poland's Solidarity-led Government is demanding that most banks become independent and self-supporting, and as the banks seek to make profits, they will play an essential role in restructuring the economy, by steering investment money to promising enterprises and denying loans to inefficient ones, helping to nudge them into oblivion.
At least one person, however, was falsely named, and that is at the heart of a growing controversy over balancing the need for deterrence against the rights of the accused.
Among his early prizes: the 1987 United States Open junior championship, and one season with the Stanford University's N.C.A.A.
Some educators argue that because the centers do not pay instructors as much as they could earn on their own as private tutors, they do not attract the best teachers.
''Today we are reworking the packaging.
The drama that has led to the pending shareholder vote began last summer, at a meeting of the company's six-member board of directors.
Set not in the Octagon but in the lobby of the A.I.A.
The keyboardists and composers Wayne Horvitz and Robin Holcomb lead a big band that savors bluesy riffs, patterned repetitions and the muscle of brass, saxophones and rhythm section.
"They can't afford housing in those towns and we found that they are more than willing to deal with a 25-minute commute on I-84 or Route 8, for a better price."
Blue Jays 4, Mariners 2 TORONTO (AP) - George Bell drove in three runs and Jimmy Key and Duane Ward combined on a three-hitter as Toronto gained its fifth consecutive victory.
Again without hesitation he replied that he and the A.N.C.
Until questions are answered about what is on the tapes that CNN says it has, and how the tapes were made and obtained, there is no way to assess whether Mr. Noriega's right to consult privately with his lawyers might have been compromised to such a degree that the case against him cannot proceed without violating the Constitution.
He referred specifically to his opposite number, Alastair Morton.
But surely his party could have contrived a stiffer challenge to a Governor who can only benefit from reasoned and relentless questioning.
Long-term erosion trends can be identified through the use of aerial photographs, the National Academy panel said.
''After a couple of weeks, the players felt that they were ready to get back to normalcy,'' Port said, ''and when they came back in January, they were very intense.''
''That suggests as much as anything that this economy has skirted a recession,'' said James Annable, an economist at the First National Bank of Chicago.
And in a shift away from the Government's long preoccupation with racial groups, it says, "It must be borne in mind that group interests may cross over color barriers."
Whether it is valid or not is all together a different issue.''
He had just spent more than an hour listening to the complaints of representatives of export companies who said they were running out of dinars.
The sun has come out and they rise in jagged groups and roller-coaster north across the sky.
To the Editor: If Frida Kahlo is a perfect "woman for the 90's," Ms. Herrera might have chosen a more credible authority than Madonna to make the point.
There is a lot to do before the conditions of life in all parts of the country are equalized."
The owner kept a locker next to Yaz's so he could talk about baseball.
The National Alliance for the Mentally Ill, a patient advocacy group, asked the Federal Trade Commission to investigate clozapine, and members of the alliance appeared on the ABC television program "20/20" last month to describe their problems in obtaining the drug from state Medicaid programs.
The Royal Shakespeare had already planned to stage fewer productions with fewer actors in its 1990 season.
It was the same sort of pitch Mattingly took for strike three in the first.
The problem was that few effective drugs have been developed until fairly recently.
Renaissance painting in Venice, as everyone knows, was founded by one remarkable family, the Bellinis.
In ''Into the Woods,'' the main story line is about a baker and his wife who want a child.
The Fairfield Period Instrument Academy, founded in 1985 by Thomas Crawford and calling itself ''Connecticut's first 'authentic' instrument orchestra,'' brings its musicologically apt performances of Mozart to the Norwalk Concert Hall Saturday evening at 8:30.
Nowhere has the full-line concept been more heartily embraced than at Kitchen Aid, which has been a source of new-product introductions.
If Atlanta opts for George they risk the future of Chris Miller, their three-year quarterback who has shown impressive skills.
''The test results could have been normal, but we happened to catch one pause,'' he said of the six-second event.
At the committee meeting, Transit Police Chief William J. Bratton reported that the number of felony crimes in the subway increased 16 percent to 1,472 felonies in April, compared with 1,269 felonies in the same month last year.
Just a one-shot issue, followed sometimes by a second issue, placed in carefully selected newsracks.
In 1983, when his family moved to California, Mr. Woetzel joined the Los Angeles Ballet.
''Mexico should plow all this money back into oil,'' said Christopher Whalen, an international trade analyst in Washington.
International 3-11 A diplomatic solution in the gulf crisis remains distinctly possible, Iraqi and European officials say, as the U.N. deadline authorizing the use of force against Iraq approaches.
He did not play for San Diego, which placed him on the reserve military list.
In many ways, the progress in Birmingham has been striking.
To the Editor: Public television's eviscerating series on the Civil War has numbed us all.
But one is out of the 50's, and one is out of the 80's.''
As that bad dream threatens to become reality, new alliances among scholars, musicians and listeners become inevitable.
* Inflation has been subdued, and the index of retail prices stood last month only 1 percent higher than a year earlier.
But on Friday, a few regional banks reduced this rate, the benchmark for many commercial and personal loans, to 9.75 percent, and others may follow this week.
I got dispossessed I don't know how many times.
Former Teammates Dent, who was Righetti's Yankee teammate in 1981 and part of 1982, said it was difficult to tell the pitcher of his decision.
''We definitely were on the sidelines.''
''The Congressional budgeting process must succeed, and the negotiators are facing tough questions about where to make cuts and where to raise revenues, and these are not decisions that anyone relishes.
Plants Outlast Researchers But neither of the bamboo's reproductive methods allows for standard agricultural manipulations.
* And in 1989, a boy, 8, in Grand Rapids, Mich., was asphyxiated when he was caught between the door and the garage floor.
Murder Charge Ruled Invalid State lawyers charged Mr. Enrile and other members of the opposition with ''rebellion complexed with murder'' arising from the deaths of 113 people during the weeklong coup attempt last December against President Aquino.
He said the panel would help the two sides reach an accord.
"Places like ours can be immensely effective in generating a lot of tonnage," he said.
Taken altogether, the changes announced by Mr. de Klerk amount to a significant reconsideration of the Government's policy toward dissent, because they appear to address most of the complaints by the anti-apartheid movement about Government repression.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Radius Inc. Qtr to Sept 30 1990 1989 Sales 31,391,000 23,054,000 Net inc 2,043,000 1,752,000 Share earns .16 .15 Shares outst 12,758,000 11,391,000 Yr sales 110,601,000 81,953,000 Net inc 6,242,000 6,119,000 Share earns .53 .56 Shares outst 11,875,000 10,867,000 View Full Article in Timesmachine »
The tax, a per capita assessment on all adults, replaces real estate taxes that had previously been paid only by property owners and people who rented from them.
The recent article ''A Man Who Doesn't Know His Son Is Married'' (Opinion page) brought back not too far-off memories of my own life with my father.
But despite all the evidence of his directorial hand at work on the set of his new comedy, ''Sibling Rivalry,'' Mr. Reiner takes scant credit for their inventiveness.
Turning to the political problem, Mr. Scowcroft said Mr. Bush is actually putting in a full day's work and is so pressed for time that he winds up taking ''a forced march around the golf course instead of a leisurely round.''
Jail in Lieu of Fine Bishop Vaughan, 62 years old and a former teacher at the archdiocesan seminary in Yonkers, has been the pastor at the Newburgh church for 10 years.
The incidents followed clashes on Thursday in Srinagar, the capital of Jammu and Kashmir state, where 11 people, including a paramilitary soldier, were killed in shootings between militants and security forces.
To expand the shoes' appeal more to young professional women, Keds in 1988 hired a small advertising agency in Providence, R.I., to develop a new approach.
Jose Canseco fouled out behind the plate, but Lansford stole third, and Dave Henderson walked to load the bases.
''He's always looking for new talent, and I guess he takes pride in finding new talent.''
A decade ago, she came to New York in search of "a bigger pond."
Your article was informative and, at times, chilling in its implications.
Insurance industry data show, for instance, that in 1983, when no generic alternative was available, a fender for a Dodge Aries was $221.
"The King represents stability and peace."
I'd drop him off in the morning, and at a set time, drive past him on the bridge, honk, and meet him at its foot.
Prior to July 1989, operating results are as a division of Connecticut Light and Power Co., a Northeast Utilities subsidiary.
Such is the case with Barbara Lebow's affecting drama, ''A Shayna Maidel,'' now at the Studio Theater in Lindenhurst through Saturday.
But it is not likely, even if plagiarism is proved, that the Ph.D. degree in theology would be revoked, because neither Dr. King nor his dissertation adviser is alive to defend the work.
The Navy wants it to replace the aging A-6 Intruder for attacking the Soviet Union with nuclear weapons.
In most contexts, testimony by one person about what another person said is inadmissible as hearsay, but a number of state courts have bent their normal rules against hearsay to make it possible for this type of evidence to be used in child abuse cases.
''Stay home,'' Mr. Kohl told them after the election, thereby provoking harsh criticism from his Social Democratic challenger in West Germany, Oskar Lafontaine, who declared that Mr. Kohl had ''betrayed'' the population of East Germany.
A Saudi police officer, a hotel clerk and a customs official reached by telephone tonight in the town of Khafji said the Kuwaitis had begun to cross the border this afternoon.
The critics believe that the theater is too valuable to be razed, given its significance to the civil-rights movement and its distinctive architecture.
To imply, as you do, that the Protestant clergy is abandoning the inner city is damaging to the good that is being done and a disservice to your readers and the community that you serve.
This is the tragic vignette of a housewife, played by Julia Childs, who has fed her husband bacon, eggs and buttered toast every morning for 40 years.
In June, a Federal judge in Orlando, Fla., addressed the question of malfunctioning equipment.
The bloody war has been stalemated in recent weeks, with President Doe's troops controlling only a small portion of central Monrovia.
They also say they will be able to use this approach across the Soviet Union.
And now the Fox, which had not been operating for about five years, is being converted into 56,000 square feet of office space, 5,000 square feet of retail space and a 137-space garage.
Prohibiting the owning of anything in the privacy of one's home is a terrifying assault on the concept of one's home as castle.
For whereas the setting of the other 13 lines bears a load of grief, and almost of resignation, a black rage flares up for a moment at the notion of ''art made tongue-tied by authority.''
Although initially unsuccessful, it attracted considerable attention after World War II.
It just grows, and if left untended, it becomes quite spindly.
Push pace - stay on the move 4.
However, opinion polls in Quebec in recent months suggest that opinion there has moved sharply away from the Trudeau vision to the point that many recent polls have shown between 50 and 60 percent of those surveyed favoring some form of independence.
Timothy P. Andree, public relations manager for Toyota Motor Corporate Services of North America, said the company had no comment.
There were eight of us aboard, some American Drug Enforcement Administration agents, some Bolivian narcotics police and yours truly, a novelist looking for a plot line.
THE rapid growth of discount hotels on the outskirts of the city has also hurt, hoteliers said.
At least one other Democrat, Assemblyman Ronald C. Tocci of New Rochelle, opposed it.
He will also meet Foreign Minister Eduard A. Shevardnadze of the Soviet Union in a European capital to discuss the gulf crisis and arms control.
& M. University, College Station, Tex., and from Dec. 4 to Dec. 7 at the Jackie Gleason Performing Arts Center in Miami.
But many analysts have concluded that their dividends are safe, although they are not likely to be increased soon.
"Obviously we are very pleased with this development."
Mr. Melton said he is currently estimating the economy will grow by an inflation-adjusted rate of 1 percent in the first quarter, but that growth will be almost flat in the second quarter.
They found that the risk of leukemia was nine times that of those who got chemotherapy instead of radiation treatment.
The giant Yamanouchi Pharmaceutical Company of Japan and Genetics Institute Inc. announced two joint ventures to develop and market bone treatments based on the Massachusetts biotechnology company's research.
Democrats are extremely hopeful here.
The Beethoven sonatas, at any rate, survived.
Brendan Gill has had a distinguished career as theater and architecture critic, biographer, New Yorker writer, urbane raconteur and guardian of America's cultural heritage.
He has just returned from a 1,500-mile solo trek across the Arctic.
There are no symbols, no accessories.
Why Simon & Schuster Diversified Thus, when Paramount reviewed its publishing strategy six years ago, it was clear that a ''trade house can make 10 percent in a good year,'' Mr. Snyder said.
Because the figures announced today embodied the bureau's calculation of the population as of last April 1, the military buildup spurred by the Persian Gulf crisis had no effect on the numbers.
A white, orange and green silk parachute was tied to trees along Card Sound to shield Mr. Mitterrand, who dislikes direct sunlight.
Mr. Bourassa's remarks contrasted with the more strident tone he had adopted on Friday night when he appeared to blame the collapse of the Meech Lake pact on the English-speaking regions as a whole.
Two American defenders failed to clear the ball and Aljosa Asanovic pounced on it and beat the goalkeeper, Tony Meola, from close range.
International Brazil's new President began a radical attack on inflation.
There are two vacancies President Bush still has to fill.
The net effect will be to make the dollar less attractive to foreign investors, currency analysts say.
They said that officers are not penalized or transfered if they do not write enough summonses, although a commanding officer might look at the numbers in evaluating an officer's overall performance.
On another, the statement of cash flow puts it at $900,000 in the hole.
"Elderly people are very much dissatisfied with the quality of welfare."
'A Lot of Bad Energy' Lucy Sexton, who lives on 13th Street and works at Florent, a restaurant, said drug dealers had increased.
In a letter dated Tuesday, D. M. Tellep, Lockheed's chairman, wrote to Mr. Simmons that the proposal ''would create a diversion from other important business to be considered at the meeting.''
It is (516) 751-7900, ext.
I found myself emerging from my self-appointed job as stock clerk and began facing those in need.
''Many people have no real idea about the parties,'' Mr. Levendel said.
The figure rose to $11 billion in 1988 and $20 billion in 1989.
''While we hadn't heard the other side, King's case was presented very well.
They describe rising at dawn to make breakfast and working past midnight until the last dinner dishes are cleared away.
"It deals with what we were before 1492 and what we have been able to do since 1492."
But in 1974 he stepped off the beaten academic path and never returned to it.
The farm takes its name from the Orb Weaver spider, a garden spider that spins round webs on grass, plants and vegetables.
* Joseph G. Schulte has joined Wells, Rich, Greene as executive vice president and managing director of the agency's Detroit office.
Outlook: The turmoil in the Southwest Conference helped the Aggies recruit immediate help.
Who cares that Ricky chooses the brand of tape that will be least painful for Martina, when the entire film includes more than a whiff of ''Hit her; she really needs it''?
The purpose is to develop a new generation of D-RAM's for Intel's market.
The Greek word is ''mousike,'' of the Muses, who were also Greek!
The proposal was originally criticized for the ''intrusive'' impact of a 50-story residential tower and two adjoining 35-story apartment buiildings.
When you're in the rough like I was all day, you have to add and deduct with the wind, and it gets very confusing.''
In truth, the dancers on stage were reportedly responding to ultrasonic signals sent out by the composer, David Tudor, and their trajectory activated the gurgling or crackling sounds heard by the audience.
Their program lists several duos, one of the violin and piano sonatas, and the Divertimento for Two Horns and Strings.
Today, that might serve as a warning as much as a recommendation to those unaccustomed to deep silence.
''Each day it's bleaker in Kuwait,'' she said.
Once he poked his head under the desk of the prosecutors, searching, he said, for the clients they represent.
''Our security matters cannot be settled by proxy for us.''
Mr. Ford walked up, took the receiver and put it to his ear.
All too often, the irresponsible deeds of a few polluters spoil the beaches for everyone.''
In all, 35 child actors were hired to play the nine Kennedy children at various stages.
If the company keeps the worker for 24 months, the Government will cancel 50 percent of that loan.
Mr. Kirili is a genuinely interesting artist and an invaluable voice.
LIVING COLOUR: ''TIME'S UP'' - In music of social commitment, the group retains what worked for it in the past, takes more chances and annexes new styles.
Pour off the fat from the cast-iron pan and add the stock with the carrots.
We played very hard defensively.
It is clear that Mr. Pareles is aware that the activism, commitment and teaching of the militant rappers he discusses are devoted to doctrines of racial superiority, racial separatism, the subordination of women and the dogma that whites are, literally, devils.
George A. Grasso, managing attorney in the advocate's office and Deputy Chief Keven P. Farrell of the review board's investigative bureau - say that many officers make accusations anonymously and hundreds of internal charges are prepared annually by the department's own uniformed investigators.
Ripken, who tied the score at 2-2 with a bases-empty homer in the sixth inning, connected on Gene Nelson's first pitch in the ninth for his sixth home run of the season.
Darren Daulton, the next batter, flied to right to end the game.
''East of Hartford is more of a moderate income area.
And investors have been turning to them in droves.
The shelter on Banya Street, in the shadow of a beer factory and a Coca-Cola plant, is considered one of Budapest's bleakest.
About 350 are silents - the classic ''Three Ages'' (1923), for example, Buster Keaton's parody of D. W. Griffith's ''Intolerance'' - for which Video Yesteryear holds copyrghts.
Leading the Big Board losers was the Amdura Corporation of Denver, a hardware distributor and the country's largest distributor of automotive after-market products.
They continue on Wednesday, with the auction of $7.5 billion worth of new seven-year notes.
On Tuesday, General Development, based in Miami, closed 24 sales offices in the United States and broker bureaus overseas and laid off about 1,100 workers.
has not made going to the races a sufficiently attractive proposition to stem the departure of patrons to OTB shops or other forms of amusement.
Neither has testified before a grand jury in the Iran-contra case.
The skillful amnesia displayed by Mr. Reagan in his testimony on tape suggests that Mr. Poindexter will not have been granted due process until his lawyers have the chance to examine Mr. Reagan before a jury.
The couple's small project, at Nos.
Mr. Barre was indicted four weeks ago for the slaying on June 16 of Norma Marks, a widow who lived in the same building as Mr. Barre.
These listings are based on computer-processed sales figures from 3,000 bookstores and from representative wholesalers with more than 28,000 other retail outlets, including variety stores and supermarkets.
This white, gingerbread Victorian house with cornflower blue shutters has open doorways, swirling ceiling fans and herb, vegetable and cutting gardens.
An increase in the property tax would pay for $150 million of the program.
The bill that Mr. Mosbacher endorsed would set uniform national standards that would require clear and convincing evidence to impose punitive damages in liability cases.
It was mysteriously, maddeningly undated.
"I was a little unpopular with some of my colleagues by saying it was time to slow down on real estate," said John Medlin, Wachovia's chairman.
(Cool nights will encourage bud set on Christmas cactuses.)
''We have this question in our minds - how to rebuild a new Kuwait,'' the Crown Prince said.
On any fine evening during the starling invasion, sensible pedestrians carried open umbrellas and stepped cautiously.
As many recent films show, most movies are variations of other movies.
With that, few would disagree.
Black business people debate just what their responsibilities should be.
And he worries about the tyranny of the collective.
is not quite sure which colleges have played the most basketball games against each other, but the best bet appears to be Oregon versus Oregon State.
That has not yet been the case.
Admission is $25, and there is a $10 drink minimum.
In a decision likely to fuel the growing debate over how to pay for medical care for poor people, the Supreme Court ruled today that hospitals and nursing homes can sue states for higher Medicaid reimbursement rates.
They vote at higher rates than most other Americans.
Card Wars Both Mastercard International Inc. and Visa U.S.A. Inc. now offer similar programs as part of the standard benefits on their preferred or ''gold'' bank credit cards.
Today's report was the latest indicating a slowdown in consumer spending, which has been a driving force for much of the current economic expansion that is now in its eighth year.
''It's like we're talking about two different people,'' said his former wife, Adrienne Lockhart.
Not all the stations present programs directed toward minority members.
To the Editor: It seems ironic that China would attempt to exploit the art of the Buddhist religion (''Serene Haven of Buddhist Art,'' Travel, Jan. 14) after having so devastatingly destroyed much of the art of Tibet.
It showed a workman in a hard hat buffing one of the company's giant red-white-and-blue signs.
That's our challenge now, tighter controls.
Tim Johnson, the Redskins' defensive tackle, said he watched Grim and the gang from the sidelines, admiring their persistence.
They put 90 percent of it either in refuse receptacles, she said, or close to them to make it easier for park workers to clean up later.
Dr. Charles Marmar, associate professor of psychiatry at the University of California at San Francisco, who is director of the stress disorder program at that city's Veterans Affairs Medical Center, said that Incidence of Combat Stress It was only in 1980 that the American Psychiatric Association recognized the existence of a specific condition produced by combat and termed it post- traumatic stress disorder, said Dr. Arthur Blank, director of Vietnam veterans' outreach programs for the Department of Veterans Affairs.
''They may work two or three hours longer than anyone else,'' he said.
Our room, though large and air-conditioned (once they fixed it) was ragged and spartan.
The stock jumped again yesterday and trading reached nearly 2.3 million shares when the deal became official.
The National Association of Purchasing Management reported that the nation's economy declined in February for the 10th consecutive month, but at the lowest rate since June.
Rexham's share price shot up after Nortek filed its 13-D. Investors who sold Rexham shares from Jan. 27 through Jan. 30, 1987, will be eligible to claim part of the payment, the S.E.C.
The three- and four-night market is one of the fastest growing segments of the cruise industry.
''To my mind, it is miserable,'' she said.
The company also promoted Simon X. Benito to vice president of Merck Sharp & Dohme International.
By the end of March, he went on, the company expects to hire enough replacement drivers to run all its routes.
The stories in ''Escapes'' take place in a perilous world, swirling with inexorable forces - lost love, illness, death.
With a demeanor that alternated between slightly shy and self-assured, David, whose battle to survive and recover drew national attention and a hospital visit from Ronald and Nancy Reagan, fielded reporters' questions as he prepared to leave Jamaica Hospital in Queens for his family's home.
County historical societies have published studies about their areas.
Administrative Headaches As bankers wait for the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control to provide more details by Aug. 18 about which Kuwaiti accounts are deemed to be Government controlled, they are applying for special licenses to handle transactions like payments of interest and dividends that do transfer Kuwaiti assets to Iraq.
A. I would have to be refreshed.
There is steel in her Juliet's delicate sweetness.
''I'm 50 years old - I ain't throwing no brick through no window.''
Mr. Vasan, 31, is a vice president at Citibank in New York.
But the number of cases in litigation have almost doubled, from 4,700 in 1986 to 8,300 last year.
Asked whether the new figures would change the Bush Administration's opposition to increases in Federal family planning budgets, Louis W. Sullivan, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, told reporters at a breakfast meeting in Washington today: ''We do have a commitment to family planning.
''The Government does not want to give in, and it is right because this would release a whole avalanche of wage demands and would leave the country without any national authorities.''
Shock, sadness and anxiety have swept this campus community after three students at the University of California died in a fraternity house fire and one was shot to death by a gunman who held 33 people hostage in an off-campus bar.
Mr. Lorenzo's stormy 18 years at the helm have been ones of labor unrest as he tried to break unions and slashed workers' pay.
During questioning, the police said, Mr. Brady talked of God and about a ''mechanical device'' inside him controlling his actions.
200 -- Michael Johnson, FC-Bay.
He said the Israeli rockets hit a one-story building used by the front as its local headquarters in the town of Taalabaya, about 43 miles north of the Israeli border.
To the Editor: There is some merit in Senator Alfonse M. D'Amato's proposal to use Federal capital funds to fight crime in the subways (news story, Sept. 17).
With your record of 35 years of extradordinary service to the field and productions which have received artistic acclaim from all corners of the world, I cannot imagine that you would run afoul of this law.
It reads: ''In honor of Dr. Peter Sammartino, who as President of the Restore Ellis Island Committee, persuaded Congress to initiate the restoration of this historic island.''
Other defensemen, including veterans like Doug Crossman, Gerald Diduck and Gary Nylund, gave honest effort, but were unable to keep Ranger forwards from cruising the goal crease and putting themselves in position for deflections.
''I simply didn't want to work for Donald Trump any longer,'' said Jack O'Donnell, the former president of the Trump Plaza and a well-regarded gaming industry executive who quit last month.
The police initially identified the Mandela infant this morning as Nelson Mandela's great granddaughter.
The ban applies even if an American citizen arrives in Cuba from a third country that permits travel to Cuba.
''Hell,'' she said in an interview one afternoon 20 years later, ''I was a patsy to my own vanity.''
Eddie (Darius McCrary) on ''Family Matters'' thinks the world revolves around a new pair of Nikes; Roseanne's offspring live for the malls, and Edda (Sara Rue) on ''Grand'' is preoccupied with her weight.
How will this history of Jewry, composed abroad, appear to the current Czechoslovak generation, who are largely nonobservant, cut off from Israel for the last 40 years.
Though ''Too Beautiful for You'' doesn't worry much about what will finally happen, it moves effortlessly, briskly, from beginning to end at the clip of an iceboat sailing across a perfect surface.
Mr. Steen and his working crews go out to the lighthouse on a small barge, from the dock of John and Virginia Rapp in Saugerties.
''I haven't seen the film, and my letter had nothing to do with its content,'' Mr. Nader said.
His Interior Macedonian Revolutionary Organization, or IMRO, was said to have killed 3,500 of its enemies in a 12-year struggle that included factional fighting among rival Macedonian revolutionaries.
In addition to the Coffee, Sugar and Cocoa Exchange, 4 World Trade Center is the site of the New York Commodity Exchange Center, the New York Mercantile Exchange, the New York Cotton Exchange and the New York Futures Exchange.
'' The director doesn't care to compare ''Presumed Innocent'' to other films of the genre - not to his ''To Kill a Mockingbird,'' and not to such classics as ''Witness for the Prosecution'' or ''Anatomy of a Murder.''
Dr. Kim, 26, a graduate of Harvard University and the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey, is to become a surgical resident in urology at the State University Health Science Center at Brooklyn next month.
''I've had several long conversations with him about all sorts of things,'' she continues, ''from choosing repertory to choosing managements.
Foreign investors now own major shares in three of the country's four major dailies and a number of provincial newspapers.
From that time until the early 1870's his business was described as ''saloon'' or ''oysters'' and was at 407 Grand Street - an old wooden building.
ISAACSON: The two things that were sold in '86 were simplicity and fairness.
This is the kind of film that makes you look over your shoulder leaving the theater.
Star Wars, moreover, is by now a certified non-starter, out of Buck Rogers by Rube Goldberg.
At Maggie's Fabric Patch, run by Maggie Grmela, you can have a lace-trimmed velvet Czechoslovak folk costume - blouse, apron, skirt and vest - made to order for $250 to $500.
Until that 20-year lease is signed, sealed and framed on the wall of Al Davis's very own silver-and-black luxury box in the Los Angeles Coliseum, keep in mind that his autograph is easier to get than his team.
Chris Terreri, the tiny, talented goaltender for the Devils, made saves from his knees and his back, and all of the crucial ones down the stretch.
They did not say when detailed proposals would be made to Pyongyang, with which Seoul has no direct contact.
Pentagon officials have said that Mr. Cheney will propose a budget for 1991 that amounts to $295 billion in outlays.
Stocks got some good news when oil fell below $30 a barrel for the first time in three weeks, and there was evidence that the Federal Reserve Board had moved to ease short-term interest rates.
The book sold about 35,000 copies in hard cover, at $25.95, and after shipping 40,000 copies of the $12.95 paperback, the publisher has just gone back for an additional 10,000.
''Spare him,'' says the king, ''if he will but repent.''
For highly explosive materials, the report said, the laboratory control system for such materials ''is not adequate to insure that losses have not occurred.''
JANET F. NEZHAD, a daughter of Dr. and Mrs. Michael F. Nezhad of Middlebury, Conn., was married there yesterday to LAURENCE MERRILL BAND, the son of Dr. and Mrs. Raymond I.
It was the first victory at Michigan Stadium since 1981 for Iowa (5-1 over all, 3-0 in the Big Ten).
Wash and dry the frisee and place it in a salad bowl.
It is owned by the Sumitomo Corporation, a subsidiary of the huge corporate group that includes the Sumitomo Bank and manufacturing companies.
One says, ''You have wrecked a flourishing state,'' another something else of the same kind.
He approaches baseball the way a lawyer would go at a case, as prepared as he can be.
b-Included extraordinary tax credits of $137,000, or 1 cent a share for the latest quarter and $101,000, or 1 cent a share for the year-earlier period.
''I was able to get ahead of the hitters and I threw good changeups when I had to and I got curveballs over when I had to.
It also has pressed for an agreement on clearing the channel of debris.
Cocom's 17 members compose elaborate lists of products that cannot be sold to the Soviet Union, but each nation is free to make its own export rules for Iraq, Libya and Iran.
One exceptional dish is a salmon fillet poached in white wine and encrusted with thin nickel-sized slices of fried zucchini.
While Dr. King held to the principle of nonviolence and the dream of racial justice, Malcolm X called for black nationalism.
American officials said Moscow was still resisting strict limits on its training and interceptor planes, among other problems.
The American Dance Theater of the Deaf was founded to give deaf dancers a place to train and perform.
"We don't want to talk bad about it, because we're very concerned about the people left behind."
''Yes, this is a hot new product, and yes, it does fix the problems in the old one,'' said William P. Lyons, Ashton-Tate's president.
A joint statement by the two delegations described their three days of talks as a ''fruitful and illuminating exchange of ideas.''
Judge McCabe's ruling resulted from a lawsuit filed by nine women and two men convicted of prostitution.
TBS, which owns the Cable News Network, is expected to provide the information, largely consumer-oriented, for the advertising-supported service.
Byron Temple's cylindrical ''Covered Jar'' has a salt glaze with a lava-like texture of subdued earth tones.
Others have to remain invested according to fund bylaws.
To get people to pick them up and read the enthusiastic endorsements try gimmicks like bold, embossed letters on a shiny background, or laser holograms.
''He hangs over his bicycle seat,'' another rider pointed out.
''You rarely saw me handle the ball out front at Indiana.
''What could be more accessible than sheets?''
Most school systems rely on the recommendations of teachers before testing students for the impairment, rather that testing all students for it.
The actual price of OPEC oil now hovers closer to $24 a barrel, on average.
''Sometimes the first win or the first save or the first anything is the toughest one of the season.
'A Linguistic Barrier' In an effort to increase students' interest in the Pacific Rim, the university offers scholarships of up to $1,500 a year - not based on financial need -to those bound for the region.
A poster near the bus panel has a quote from Mr. Perkins, ''The world is really paisley, but somehow the white always shines through.''
Prosecutor Watches Companies So far, the major work has been undertaken by outside companies, but subcontracts worth a total of $5.5 million have gone to two Crotone companies.
Of course, a woman troubled by a hostile child and a lover who can neither recognize nor accept the child's behavior might simply walk away from the situation.
Mr. Reagan allows that that is what President Reagan must have felt.
Nothing seems to have any holding power, any legs.
"There is a long-term national economic crisis as dangerous to this country as Saddam Hussein," Governor Cuomo said.
But the commander of the 44th Precinct detectives, Lieut.
The free concert will include premieres of pieces by Ms.
The magnificent child comes by chance, one day after a good laugh, a picnic, fun in the woods, a roll in the hay, then a magnificent child is born!''
Stock Seesaws MCA's stock had seesawed yesterday, plummeting early on fears that the negotiations might fall apart over price.
But Japanese institutions were less than contrite.
He played in the high school jazz band, performed at weddings and sang in choirs.
Passing just out of reach, it seemed to study me with its yellow, feline eyes.
His memory of getting checked hard and elbowed in the head by Vyacheslav Fetisov in the Devils' 3-2 victory in New Jersey Jan. 8 must have stilumated his mind midway through the second period.
Against all odds he wrote some good books, and against much greater odds Mr. Sawyer-Laucanno has written a good one about him.''
In the good old days, I told Joe, players took what owners offered them.
Let me make this point clear: I am certainly not suggesting abandoning or short-changing our long-time friends around the world.
The treaty would cut their nuclear missile arsenals by about 30 percent.
Cable television's technical mess is complex.
But many developers who excelled at speculative building are discovering what the build-to-suit developers have known all along: the two businesses are radically different.
In the small house in Soweto, Motlana says, surrounded by his comrades and visitors, Mandela has nowhere to relax or exercise.
The dialectic is present, but it would be an oversimplification to call this another boy-meets-girl-meets-tractor story.
'An Essential Prerequisite' But President Bush reiterated that the United States still considered a conventional arms reduction treaty in Europe, which has been in negotiation between Washington and Moscow for almost two years, ''an essential prerequisite'' for holding the summit conference.
Renting a house for the whole group is a wonderful way to get together once a year in a charming place, splitting what otherwise would be an enormous rental fee, averaging anywhere from $12,000 to $16,000 for a month-long vacation.
Instead, he chose to regroup with 21 .
Without the continued leadership of Tom Armstrong, we must re-evaluate our position.''
The previous record was 13,606,990 tickets sold and an average of 60,745 a game in 1981.
Inevitably, there was speculation that the Mayor's announcements were intended to put pressure on unions that have not yet settled new contracts, especially since the teachers' contract agreement was so widely criticized by fiscal monitors.
He, Ronnie Lott and Spencer Tillman, the 49ers' co-captains, lost the pregame coin toss, although Tillman was the one who called tails.
It was implemented by the agency's next director, Gen. Walter Bedell Smith, under an April 1950 policy directive.
We owe much to the outstanding leadership of Secretary General Javier Perez de Cuellar.
By filing for bankruptcy protection in the midst of the busy holiday travel period, Continental has cushioned itself against, or at least delayed, any consumer backlash.
Chicago (10-3) at Detroit (4-9) Sunday night: The Bears and Mike Ditka have strangled the Lions.
"My daughters all have my recipes," she said.
But the principal problem is the failure of savings-and-loan institutions, traditionally the largest source of home mortgages.
''Am I surprised at all the changes?
Its most recent is to the brush-and-gray-wash drawing of ''The Farmer Entrusting the Plow to His Son,'' purchased in 1983.
Roy Romer of Colorado, a Democrat, gave the Federal Resolution Trust Corporation, which manages the failed savings and loan institutions, more than $42,000 in campaign contributions to him from those involved with Silverado.
One young black whose attention was grabbed by golf is the 22-year-old Grant, who turned professional in August after graduating from Kentucky.
The newcomers, mostly peasant farmers and goat herders, were said to have changed the character of the city, a sprawling oil port on the Caspian Sea that prided itself on being cosmopolitan.
When schools then close and towns go bankrupt, the public will no doubt be unhappy.
A pivotal figure is Mr. Dinkins's successor as Manhattan Borough President, Ruth W. Messinger.
First tastings are not always to be trusted, of course, but here is a preliminary opinion: Mr. Ligeti's piece sounded like old avant-garde wine in a fancy new bottle.
''His functions will be to handle such cases as earthquakes, armed clashes, matters of war and peace.
''But we don't have very rapid decay of large numbers of lakes.''
The engagement of Elizabeth Ann O'Neill to James Anthony Mercadante, the son of Dr. and Mrs. James L. Mercadante of Garden City, L.I., has been announced by her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Daniel J. O'Neill of Garden City.
But this year, ''that was canceled .
Focus on Comptroller The immediate focus of the debate is at the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, which regulates Federally chartered banks and has generally been strict about allowing intangibles to be counted as capital.
Their performance is comparable to that of a competent home stereo system.
Or, for $55, you can get a current set from the Airline Tariff Publishing Company, a nonprofit clearing house controlled by the airlines, at 703-471-7510.
Preschool-age children may seem generous one day and hoard possessions the next, depending upon how secure or upset they are feeling.
Mr. Wolf had been a former No.
''Britain's cellular is undeveloped, second-rate and in need of competition.''
Several times a week, Mr. Blazer sits in a screening room at one of the three broadcast networks, carefully scrutinizing every scene in the programs he has been assigned by his company, Advertising Information Services.
And with television technique, we can shrink the size of the screen, change its color, turn it upside down, explode it, rearrange all the elements.''
First we get them out of Berlin.
In 1984, when insurgent forces backed by Libya mounted an attack to overthrow Mr. Habre, France sent troops to keep him in power and the United States offered food and diplomatic support.
But out where the darkness has depth, where there are no street lights and the stars leap out of the sky, condescension, a feeling of supremacy, what the animal-rights types call speciesism, is impossible.
The offer was a success, 20 contracts have been signed since sales opened in May, and now the developer has decided to pay the points for all buyers who take mortgages with Norstar Mortgage Corporation, the project's participating lender.
After a meeting with Righetti's agent yesterday, General Manager Gene Michael and Robert Nederlander, the managing partner, had no promising news about signing the relief pitcher.
The company's earnings from continuing operations rose by nearly 5 percent last year, to $297.1 million, from $283.4 million in 1988.
said that security agents could ask passengers to open a container of fluid to make sure it is not a flammable substance, but those airlines would not inquire about passengers' flasks.
Several officials, led by Housing Minister Ariel Sharon, asserted that no one should be punished.
''He always has everyone enthralled,'' Mr. Goodchild said. ''
But Mr. Karem's lawyer, R. Laurence Macon, said he and defense and prosecution lawyers involved in the murder case obtained a telephone deposition from her on Monday night.
The hotel rooms are being paid for, but the men must buy their own food.
Under the plan, a scaled-back version of the space station would be built largely using unmanned rockets.
The clinics will be held at the Nassau County range, from 9 A.M. to noon, Saturday and Sept. 29.
''My immediate reaction is one of sadness, having played the event so many times,'' said Ann Jones, one of Britain's most famous players.
ISAAC ASIMOV barely made it to his own party last night.
A9 Tanzania's former leader has no regrets about socialism A8 Arab-Jewish violence in Israel grew, leaving one man dead and at least eight wounded.
"It's an effective use of their cash in Europe," said Jay Stevens of Dean Witter Reynolds.
Anyone who enjoys riesling, and becomes familiar with the better German versions, will never look back at California.
The Red Sox did not disclose financial terms, but Burks reportedly signed a one-year contract for $475,000 guaranteed, plus incentives based on games and plate appearances worth an additional $75,000.
Scientists who have studied the present-day application of these techniques and skills are finding that they provide a more reliable and sustainable living over the long term than can be achieved by neighbors who rely on modern cash-cropping.
Kelly has included two of his own color photographs of Gaudi's tiles in the Guell Palace and Guell Park (1900-03) in Barcelona.
To the Editor: Wellesley College's graduation ceremonies (front page, June 2) will soon be forgotten, despite controversies surrounding student protests over the selection of Barbara Bush as commencement speaker.
So far, the community as a whole has encountered enormous difficulties in agreeing on measures to prevent drug traffickers, terrorists, refugees and illegal immigrants from benefiting from the elimination of its internal borders.
This moderate image helped make Mr. Rae an attractive alternative to Mr. Peterson, who many pollsters say misjudged voter sentiment with a smug and complacent campaign.
The paintings -- six of which are reproduced in the book -- stimulate Don Rigoberto's lascivious reveries; the washing primes his body for their fulfillment, and Dona Lucrecia, who has just turned 40, blissfully combines fantasy and physical fact.
Among the station's other innovations have been weekly reports, called "Issuetrack," about important issues in the race, like whether the state needs an income tax.
''My Fair Lady'' is of a time when scenes or songs were performed in front of a curtain while the set was being changed behind it.
Up to then, the Rams were overwhelming.
"She devastated me," he said.
Barbecued salmon with a subtle Chinese mustard sauce is satisfying but not special, and steamed fillet of halibut in cucumber broth is as insipid as it sounds.
Surrounded now by barbed wire and fences, as well as by sentries who immediately shot them if they approached the ghetto's perimeter, the Jews were faced with the challenge of sustaining their lives under nearly impossible circumstances.
Nine hundred years ago, this was a strategic site for the rulers of Entringen.
Intelsat, a not-for-profit consortium of 119 countries that operates a global communications satellite system, will decide whether to accept NASA's offer at its board of governors meeting, in Barbados next month.
''All you want to do is do your shift and get out alive or unhurt.''
And the Administration notes, correctly, that it has, by executive action, granted students the same right to apply for renewal of their visas without first returning home.
She is a promotion coordinator at Inc. magazine in New York.
Cook for about 2 minutes.
The store has also done well with a turtleneck mohair sweater dress at $68 that comes in a dozen colors, including orange, yellow, pink, blue and apple green.
Behavior Called Indefensible Echoing blunt criticism from Washington, Alvin P. Adams, the American Ambassador in Haiti, described General Avril's behavior as ''indefensible and outrageous.''
Water in the reservoir originates 30 miles north, in the Croton watershed of Westchester and Putnam Counties.
In a two-day trial, the judge heard the album, took testimony from experts and was shown X-rated movies and magazines purchased in Broward County, though not in neighboring Dade or Palm Beach Counties.
''We can't wait for lawsuits to resolve themselves,'' said Jim Binns, legal counsel to the W.B.A.
Physical activity can reduce respiratory congestion.
Suddenly she finds out that her mother, who had been cryogenically frozen when our leading lady was a child, returns; and what we have is a daughter and a mother who are the same age.
B3 52d Street festival is packed, man, but fluid B3 Well-known Bronx woman just disappears B2 BUSINESS DIGEST D1 SPORTSMONDAY Baseball: Mets run out of time C1 Pirates celebrate C1 Jays top Red Sox C3 Yanks beat Brewers C3 McIlvaine departure seems inevitable C4 Column: Berkow on Comiskey Park C3 Anderson on the Mets C4 Outdoors: Seeking the false albacore C11 Football: Giants rout Cowboys C1 The value of tying C2 Raiders stay unbeaten C6 Colts upset Eagles C6 Jets defeat Patriots C7 Hockey: Remaking of North Stars C5 OBITUARIES B11 Patrick White, Nobel Prize-winning Australian novelist Lawrence Kasha, producer E. F. Kook, lighting designer ARTS/ENTERTAINMENT Kurosawa is sailing unfamilar seas C13 Martha Graham and ''Maple Leaf Rag'' C13 Gary Oldman's madmen C13 Theater: ''Caucasian Chalk Circle'' C14 Film: ''Taxi Blues'' C16 Dance: International Biennial C15 Word and Image: ''North of Hope'' by Jon Hassler C20 EDITORIALS/LETTERS/OP-ED Editorials A20 The siege is just 8 weeks old A veto Mr. Bush can still avoid Tokyo and Moscow Letters A20 William Safire: The phony war A21 Anthony Lewis: Crime in politics A21 Jimmy Carter: Haiti's election needs help A21 Wassily Leontief: Federal statistics are in big trouble A21
It is visually striking, but accessible only in the most subjective terms.
Investors who put up $1,000 in 1985 for Silver Screen II, which included hits like ''Down and Out in Beverly Hills'' and ''Stakeout'' but also ''Return to Oz,'' have recouped $977.
Except for moving structural components, like bulkheads, the company will add or change whatever the customer wishes, he said.
Mr. Shatalin said adding a referendum to the nation's agenda of crises would take at least six months.
The experience so far is discouraging, but companies keep trying.
"That's what makes Don the best coach," Bill Walsh, whose 49er teams won three Super Bowls, said earlier this season.
Soyuz is now the largest bloc in the 2,250-member Congress, with 456 members, only 15 of them military.
Compared with the Met's new Franco Zeffirelli ''Don Giovanni'' this past season, Vienna's is on another level of theatrical involvement.
Visitors to the Holiday Show will see a 25-foot high, decorated balsam fir, as well as several varieties of pointsettias in white, pink, red and marble.
But he added that under California law, a "homestead exemption" will give Mr. Metzger the first $45,000 in proceeds from a sheriff's sale of the property, presumably to be used for new lodgings.
Mr. Williams said that he and others formulated plans in case of attack.
There is one other category: surviving spouse.
''The crew made me stop and get out a house-and-a-half away from my home,'' she said.
At that time, people here say, ordinary Chinese did awful things to each other; this time they go out of their way to shelter each other.
As Ms. Ernst stood in a classroom bursting with third-graders, she said her teaching career parallels the ebb and flow of school enrollment.
The Fed also reported that the operating rate of the nation's factories, mines and utilities dipped 1.2 percentage points, to 81.9 percent, last month.
Guerrillas Fire Missiles Eight hours after the air strike, Party of God fighters fired three surface-to-surface missiles from the foothills of Mount Hermon toward the Israeli border, the police said.
Soft-spoken, introspective, even a little shy, he had a far different agenda from that of his blunt-spoken, relentlessly political predecessor, William Donald Schaefer.
Mr. Izzo said he was not sure if such a breach in safety procedures had occurred before.
Dr. Suvit Nantapanich, the director of an island hospital, said the bodies would be put on a ferry to the mainland, then flown to Bangkok on Thursday.
Other worthy starters were negimaki (tender beef slices rolled around crunchy raw scallions) and tempura (shrimp, broccoli and yams in a light, frothy batter) - both available as entrees in larger portions.
The fertilizer just made the area that much more nutrient rich to support mold growth.
But this long ragged coastline and its azure sea are also home to some of Mexico's newest and best beach resorts.
Quite often I met Dr. Dube there, and naturally we took the opportunity to talk at length.''
''Right now, the American fixed-income market is extremely expensive'' relative to other markets, said Roger Portnoy, chief global strategist for Technical Data, a bond market advisory and analysis firm in London.
Most, however, are in the neighborhood of 3 feet by 2 feet, and some, like Roberto Juarez's ''Pine Palm,'' are twice that size.
A biography of Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis.
The eggs would not be taken or broken because the swans would nest elsewhere.
Highlights the second and third weeks include a session on ''Italian-American Contributions to Politics and Public Service,'' with Geraldine Ferraro as keynoter, on Oct. 29; Haitian and Korean dances, Nov. 1, and both ''Soul-less Soul,'' a reading by Linda Dudley, and a performance by Faces, a multicultural improvisational theater group, Nov. 6.
My room was big, with two double beds, white tile floors and a new ceiling fan.
Western trade and investment are on the rise.
''What color tie does one wear?''
Lean but never mean, songs like "Nice Guys (Don't Get Paid)" and "Easy Street" mix cheerfulness and depression in a quotient that avoids commitment to either state of mind.
When it comes to detergent or cat food, I prefer particular brands.
Her father is a professor of English at Chatham College in Pittsburgh.
Steve Condos, who won widespread acclaim as a tap-dance virtuoso in recent years after a lifelong career in films and vaudeville, died shortly after performing at the Lyons International Dance Biennial in France tonight.
* American support for the location in Prague of the European Development Bank now being set up to aid Eastern European countries in reconstruction.
Could Mr. Aspin be thinking of Nicaragua, if the Sandinistas win the coming elections?
B1 A defendant in the jogger trial, Kharey Wise exploded in rage on the witness stand, repudiating his written and videotaped admissions to his part in the rape in Central Park.
The antitrust division issued the civil investigative demands, which are similar to subpoenas, seeking detailed information from the companies about their production and pricing decisions since the invasion of Kuwait on Aug. 2.
Well, television "The Big Funk" isn't.
So homeless or abused children are seen as great a problem, as much to be feared, as drug pushers.
Then they all strolled along, languidly looking at us.
Mobil jumped to a new high of 69, but fell back to 66 7/8, down 3/8, by the end of the day, also on volume of 3.26 million shares.
And Mr. Kaifu is further handicapped by the lack of a political following.
Dr. Stanley Shannies, president of the Long Island Heart Council, believes organized efforts of these kind are long overdue.
(Note the torn-up daisies on the floor of the pen.)
agent must travel to the U.S. Attorney's office, sometimes far away, describe the alleged violation to a Federal prosecutor, often before there is much evidence, and then seek the prosecutor's approval to open up a grand jury investigation and issue the subpoena, which then creates another set of restraints,'' he said.
This is what the old liberal Democrats would have sponsored.
Facing the competitive challenge aggressively, the textile industry has in the last decade invested $18 billion in modernizing plants and equipment.
Some 2,000 of Pompeii's 8,000 to 12,000 inhabitants died on the spot, including a young woman who is now on display at the I.B.M.
Tonight, Mr. Mandela met Law and Order Minister Adriaan Vlok, who oversees the police, at an undisclosed site for discussions about the situation.
He was made a vice president in 1956, supervising the bank's business in Argentina, and became a senior vice president in 1961, in charge of eastern Caribbean branches.
Only a few miles from the West German border and graced with a stunning castle and lovely half-timbered houses, Wernigerode has drawn tens of thousands of Western visitors since the border opened last November.
But off to the side of a valley, on a trail reaching like a thread to the horizon, was a caravan of camels, sheep and goats, herded by men on horseback, with women and children marching along behind.
With regard to ''Faust,'' fears that criticism will prove fatal at this stage in its history are ungrounded.
Jet Sets Short-Handed Mark Dave McLlwain scored his league-leading fifth short-handed goal as the Jets handed the their sixth straight loss, 6-1, last night in Winnipeg.
''Steve has been the catalyst for some of the more exciting and successful real estate deals over the past few years - he knows the market and knows the players.
But it doesn't always; sometimes it only entrenches sloth and self-interest -- which is what generates the drive for term limitation.
Only six Senators, all Democrats, have announced that they will vote against him.
But it has served Mr. Ford and his home state well.
''Let's take an ombra'' became a way of inviting someone to take a break from work and share a glass of wine in the shade.
Once we find that person, we assume we can teach them specific job skills.''
Her mother, Sandra Dreier, teaches at the Wardlaw-Hartridge School in Plainfield, N.J. Mr. Wishnow, 26, graduated from the University of Vermont and is an assistant vice president in the New York office of the Union Bank of Switzerland.
Their older brother was dying of Duchenne muscular dystrophy, a genetic disease that destroys its victims slowly.
''The thrust of these changes is the need always to adjust to new situations, to assure not only continued, but more importantly, improved delivery of government services,'' Mrs. Aquino said in a televised statement.
R. STAR TREK V: THE FINAL FRONTIER - It has ''appealing moments.
From 1968 to 1972 he managed the audit and tax divisions of a regional accounting firm in Champaign, Ill. From 1972 to 1979 he worked in the consulting division of Arthur Andersen.
If her books are sometimes accused of escapism, it's because she believes we can escape.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
The balloting for the Hall of Fame is conducted by a panel of more than 100 racing writers.
Mr. Freedman's good teacher is Jessica Siegel, a woman in her 30's, single, childless, an English teacher possessed of no discernible sentimentality about her mission and yet much passion.
The store has more than 200 items that "have been carefully selected to make your life easier," even if you have 20/20 vision, said Marit Florio, the manager.
The buffalo comes from ranches in Wyoming and Colorado.
And even for incumbents who stay on, the re-election rate hasn't suddenly soared with TV spots and big money.
''We were able to grow a large number of crystals, some of which look very promising.''
Early in the debate on plate tectonics it was deduced that there had been a collision about a billion years ago that left the Grenville formation, a segment that runs from Newfoundland through the Adirondacks to Mexico.
If that is the case, then American computer and semiconductor companies that cannot make circuits on glass will be locked out of computer manufacturing.
Introduced by the McDonald's Corporation nationally on Sept. 22, 1975, about four years after the debut of the slogan "You Deserve a Break Today," it was the boxy embodiment of American fast-food culture, the near-perfect convenience container.
Securities fraud charges were filed against Bolar Pharmaceutical and its former president.
That 1973 group was heade by Wilbur Wood of the White Sox (24-20) and Joe Coleman of the Tigers (23-15), and it included three members of the Oakland Athletics: Catfish Hunter (21-5), Ken Holtzman (21-13) and Vida Blue (20-9).
But at both ends, the atmosphere is sad rather than menacing.
He had taken a leave of absence three weeks ago while officials investigated allegations of sexual misconduct against him and of misuse of funds.
I walk by shops devoted to desirable foods.
''Bill Cibes represents an unusual concentration of unpopular characteristics,'' said Stanley B. Greenberg, a Democratic poll-taker who has worked for Mr. Morrison.
'Bold Criminal Acts' ''Extremist groups are organizing mass disorders, provoking strikes, fanning national enmity,'' the Government decree said.
After a rigorous competition, 500 recent college graduates won places out of a field of 2,500 applicants, proving Ms. Kopp's theory that making the corps selective would enhance its appeal to college students.
A 90-minute Caribbean fairy tale told in rousing song and dance, this show is a joyous marriage of the slick and the folkloric, of the hard-nosed sophistication of Broadway musical theater and the indigenous culture of a tropical isle.
The first is expected to open in February in the Coconut Grove section of Miami, with subsequent outlets in San Diego and Pasadena, Calif., and Scottsdale, Ariz. Mr. Clark's teammates in the venture are Roberto Ruggeri, owner of Bice in New York (and five others Bices in the United States and Europe), and Bruce Axler, former general manager of Tavern on the Green.
The promises may have set an impossible standard; in television, there is only so much invention to go around.
At home, the standing of the largest American banks in the commercial paper market - another important source of short-term financing - has clearly deteriorated.
Peter is a 40-year-old fellow who works in ''facilitation consulting'' and lives in Lazy Lakes, a lakeless subdivision of Houston, not so far from ''the new wish-I-was-designed-by-a-famous-architect convention center.''
''The Fed, we believe, will in fact be able to and should bring down the cost of money,'' he said.
Last year, the Netherlands provided about $50 million in aid.
In at least one way, the destruction of Dresden was akin to that of Hiroshima.
His principal rival, the Pan-Hellenic Socialist Movement of former Prime Minister Andreas Papandreou, had won 123.
Private employment is down, the financial markets are jittery and now Standard & Poor's, the rating agency, has put the city's bonds on a ''credit watch.''
It was Moynihan's first experience of seeing the peril that others ignored.
Striking a Deal He finally made a deal: He let a department representive come along but only after the department released answers to a list of questions Mr. Moakley had submitted two months before.
Questions of general interest will be answered in this column; unpublished letters cannot be answered individually.
An appeals court voided the verdict, finding that Justice Demakos had made errors in the trial that were harmful to the defense.
In a meeting today with reporters, the Justice Department's chief spokesman, David Runkel, indicated that Dr. Alvarez would not be returned to Mexico even if his capture did violate Mexico's sovereignty.
b-Net income Latest fourth quarter loss included a $12 million writeoff of goodwill related to the futue sale of certain subsidiaries.
''If black folk in Montgomery could be disciplined enough to not ride the bus for a year,'' Mr. Crider said, ''surely African Americans, over time and through education, can be disciplined enough not to run in Nike shoes for as long as it takes.''
But many of the Harvard study's recommendations - especially the suggestion for coordinated actions by television executives, independent programmers and corporate sponsors - are already meeting resistance.
He expects just a few million dollars in profits this year because of restructuring costs, soaring oil prices, high inflation and a 20 percent drop in sales to recession-plagued Eastern Europe.
Experts urge also that parents make sure the seat size is suitable to a child's age and that the seat is placed in the rear of a car if possible.
Among them were "The Hazard of Modern Poetry," 1953; "Thomas Mann: The Ironic German," 1979; "The Artist's Journey into the Interior and Other Essays," 1965; "The Poet's Self and the Poem," 1976, and "In the Age of Prose," 1984.
Despite their adeptness at the symbolic gesture, institute members do not do weddings and bar mitzvahs.
If that's true, all Moroccans must be crazy."
On defense, no middle linebacker and a bad secondary.
A group of apple growers filed a lawsuit today against the CBS and its news program "60 Minutes" and an environmental group, seeking compensation for declining sales during a scare over the growth chemical Alar.
At the Henry Street Settlement, 466 Grand Street.
MR. CORNISH, the golf-course architect, said that in many parts of the country developers have been able to charge 35 percent more for homes beside a golf course.
The publishers' campaign, which was developed by John Emmerling Inc., will have three parts.
Trammell Crow's first venture in downtown Minneapolis caused other problems.
It generates 75 percent of the state's annual $2.3 billion in revenues from a per-barrel tax and also fuels a good portion of the state's economy through jobs tied directly or indirectly to oil.
Only Capriati and her ladylike opponent remained unrattled today.
Mr. Boyden, who is white, was qualified.
The banking company said it lost $142 million in Arizona during the year, mostly from real estate loans.
She also worked for European periodicals like Architecture and Women and Maison Francaise.
By placing a clear plastic skin, lined with thousands of tiny grooves, over a plane's fuselage, the manufacturers have smoothed the flow of air over the plane.
The fact that the scores did not overlap suggests strongly that perfect pitch is a dominant genetic trait, Dr. Drayna said.
technology is a method for rapidly multiplying desired segments of genetic information.
Ask Joe Montana about the role of his offensive line.
You can get a map of the graves of celebrities from the Bureau de Conservation, to the left of the main entrance on the Boulevard Edgar- Quinet.
International A2-12 The 28th Communist Party congress began in Moscow with an address by President Gorbachev.
He also called for earlier Board meetings, and when Diane A. Keane, the new Republican majority leader, got up to make the routine announcement of the next meeting, in this case at 10 A.M. on Jan. 22, Mr. Brady rose from his seat to comment.
Worldwide, some 300 have been classified.
Dr. William Imes, a United Church of Christ minister, performed the ceremony at Christ Episcopal Church in Hamilton.
A report prepared in 1985 by the Koch administration said the arrangement ''consigns the transit officer permanently to the most demoralizing policing conditions in the city, with far fewer rewards of promotion and diversity of challenge than his brethren in the city service.''
In the city of Perm last week, a demonstration that began in front of an empty tobacco shop spilled into downtown streets, ending in a rally outside City Hall, where 2,000 people chanted and waved banners, badgering the Communist Party for cigarettes.
The combustion of fossil fuels like oil and coal is the chief source of carbon dioxide pollution.
4,'' which extends nearly 32 feet, consists of a 6,000-pound piece of concrete and steel that slices through two large rooms, looking something like the underside of an ancient freighter.
Much as marines protect United States embassies around the world, the C.R.S.
She died of a stroke, her son-in-law, Robert W. Block, said.
Quincy could close his eyes and know, just by listening, whether it was a Paramount picture or an MGM.
Drizzle in the soy sauce, blending well.
Only 13 agencies had coordinated their services with those of mental health agencies, the survey went on, although 18 others said they planned to do so.
"That's not my idea, believe me."
women's Division I basketball tournament, on page 1 (The Times, April 2), you also carried George Vecsey's column denouncing Oklahoma's decision to drop its women's basketball program (''Oklahoma Has Done It Yet Again,'' The Times, April 5).
Because of an editing error, a weekly television ratings chart yesterday misidentified the Middle Eastern leader interviewed on Sunday by Dan Rather on the CBS News program ''60 Minutes.''
From behind his empty desk and in front of an empty bookcase in his second floor office, he says the present state of mind is optimistic.
And Pete Wilson knows it.''
b-After extraordinary credits of $22,002,000, or $1.38 a share, for the quarter and $58,456,000, or $3.67 a share, for the year, both from repurchase of senior subordinated and subordinated notes.
Ms. Sims, in her informative but awkwardly written overview, describes the exhibition as an ''exercise of presenting a group of African-American artists'' who ''will come to prominence in this decade.''
If Ron Brown thinks the Republican Party wants to bail out the Democratic campaign contributors, who caused the savings and loan mess, he must be dreaming and prayimg.''
Their crime lay not in exporting the waste but in mislabeling it and storing it dangerously.
Weeks This On Week List Nonfiction 1 22 ALL I REALLY NEED TO KNOW I LEARNED IN KINDERGARTEN, by Robert Fulghum.
Although the agent's job was nothing special, the life-insurance proceeds after Professor Belth's father died in 1952 helped the family pay off its business debts.
Employment in the state's aircraft and missile industries dropped by 120,000 jobs in four years, and unemployment rates swelled to three percentage points above the national average, drastically slowing migration to the region.
Dr. John Adrian Onderdonk Jr., chief of cardiology at the Chestnut Hill Hospital in Philadelphia, died Tuesday, apparently of a heart attack, at his home in Radnor, Pa.
But the Equator, that imaginary 24,000-mile-long circle around the earth, is clearly visible 15 miles north of Quito, Ecuador, where it takes the form of a four-inch-wide strip of stones through the center of a stone walkway, marking the division between the Northern and Southern hemispheres.
Until now, the ivory obtained from culling has been sold at Government auction under quotas established by the old CITES rules, with proceeds going to local farmers.
The document includes detailed descriptions of the transactions that were part of a criminal conspiracy - one of the six felonies to which Mr. Milken pleaded guilty in April to settle the Government's criminal case against him.
Seeking Help Providing Care Fills the Day At least Medicaid pays for nursing homes once people have used most of their own money or if they were poor to start.
In one of her latest television commercials, Ms. Feinstein promotes a sense of discord between her stand on crime and her lifelong tenure as a Democrat.
THE question often arises by midafternoon at our house: ''What are we cooking for dinner?''
The new plan sets a minimum spending level of $2,900 in the first year of the program.
Mr. Morton, a 61-year-old sculptor from Colorado who began rehabilitating carousels 15 years ago, recalled that when he and his wife, Marlene, came to Brooklyn last fall the carousel ''was a grim subject.''
In California, there was also gloating, with many of the trend-setting residents of Los Angeles explaining that they had long since given up on Perrier, since it was considered too common.
Unafraid of the comic-strip detective, Warner Brothers is opening ''Gremlins 2'' opposite ''Dick Tracy'' on June 15.
Mr. Rappaport is a first vice president of Prudential-Bache Securities in New York and an author of books about investing.
Although that is not a major change, Ms. Caplan said it is striking considering that 55 percent would rather shop for food.
''It was a lot of stubbornness, in our judgment, on their part,'' he said.
But isn't there room in the time capsule for ''Pretty Woman,'' the romantic comedy about a lovelorn corporate raider and a sweet, wholesome streetwalker from Hollywood Boulevard?
I guiltily wonder if the situation were reversed and I moved to where they came from whether they would be more hospitable.
But Mr. Demme's sense of the road is at its most astute and vibrant in ''Something Wild.''
The austere study of a repentant Peter, depicted as an old man with wrinkled hands and face as he kneels on a stone floor with his keys beside him, was bought for an undisclosed price in December 1988 at the London gallery of Thomas Agnew & Son by Joel Friedland, a Miami developer.
"If they implement a riparian standard that's so stringent you can't run cattle there, the permits will disappear and ranches like this, the backbone of the valley, will also go," says Bill Doggett.
Is there any need to apply a sealer or protective coating to this siding, other than for cosmetic reasons?
Last year, the Giants also faced those two teams, in reverse order, and lost.
The Treasury has argued that since the bailout involves billions of dollars in taxpayer money, the White House, through the Treasury Department, needs to have ultimate authority over how the money is spent.
Like her women, Ms. Astley's men are all too susceptible to "the gobbledy-gook of sad little human rivalries setting flesh aquake."
The vast majority of works were taken by the Nazis; some were destroyed during the fighting.
The event is sponsored by Tibet House, a group headed by the actor RICHARD GERE.
''These results point to a simpler and perhaps neater portrait of multiple sclerosis than we had thought might apply,'' said Dr. David A. Hafler, a neuroimmunologist who is an author of the report in Science.
His lack of qualifications was obvious.
''We don't see anything like Winston Churchill or Franklin Roosevelt at work here,'' said James David Barber, a historian at Duke University.
Mr. Babangida, arriving in Lagos, Nigeria, from a two-day emergency summit meeting of the West African Economic Community in Gambia, suggested that the West African leaders hoped for some form of American intervention.
The request became moot with her release.
Sure enough, in the closing seconds of the news, as Gumbel moves to take his place next to the former President, Nixon extends a hand enthusiastically and says, loud, ''Well, how are you?''
The numbers in this informal report are not comparable to those required in the various public documents that the casinos have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Different Manifestations The Slovenian and Croatian Governments have already written a model confederal agreement and threatened to secede from Yugoslavia if one cannot be worked out.
Off-Season Commitment Harbaugh realized during the off season that this season was a pivotal year in his pro career.
Two of them -- "Cosby" on NBC and "Roseanne" on ABC -- routinely traded first and second places in the Nielsen ratings; by season's end, "Roseanne" had usurped the top spot held by "Cosby" for the previous four years.
The party loved the ad, but outsiders seemed less taken with it.
He was 76 years old and lived in Palm Beach, Fla., and Rye, N.Y. Mr. Gantz was chairman of the board of Empire Brushes Inc., a manufacturer of brooms and household brushes.
It's a creative project, but one whose costs aren't meshing.
The 41-year-old Dubrovnik Festival in Yugoslavia has varied events on more than 50 different stages within the walls of one of Europe's most spectacular medieval cities.
Waccabuc, N.Y. $355,000 Post Office Road 4-bedroom, 3-bath, 28-year-old ranch; 2 fireplaces, eat-in kitchen, den, playroom, office, solarium, deck, 2.4 acres; taxes $7,109.
In 1976, General Electric paid the state a $3 million penalty and agreed to spend $1 million for research.
When the new limits go into effect, the computations to determine the cap will become much simpler, according to the agency that runs Medicare.
But he said it would probably be days or longer before a decision would be made as the Administration evaluated the political and practical consequences of borrowing without Congressional approval.
Open-Air Mortuaries Wailing children have been shown wandering through what are virtually open-air mortuaries.
He is 0 for 9 with five strikeouts since returning after being on the disabled list with a back problem.
We kept a few for a cookout that afternoon when we rendezvoused with the rest of our party.
With the region's economy in the shape it's in, I didn't see a reason to join in the fall."
Yugoslavia's most compelling need now is for effective reforms to halt its slide toward ethnic conflict and economic ruin.
The charges of censorship primarily involve coverage of activities involving troops in Asia that military commanders apparently find unflattering.
''If you don't do it now, you get stuck here.
''I guess maybe there's a faint heartbeat somewhere, but I'm not hearing it very well.''
Several hours later, a second flight left for Zurich carrying a group of 36 Europeans freed after efforts by a Swiss parliamentary group.
The state's scandals span in scope from open vote buying in the 1750's to the 1985 trial of Claus von Bulow, a Newport socialite who was acquitted after two trials on charges of trying to murder his wealthy wife.
You can, however, get delivery by early May if you're willing to scream.
In recent years, American dance has become more and more a virtuosic, intellectual exercise.
Federal and state rules say that any member of the public can walk in, receive nine hours of camera training and put a program on the air, free of charge.
Mr. Guite of Salomon said the offer for NCR seemed fair.
Year-ago period included a number of one-time items related to the company's 1989 restructuring.
Great faith in the curative power of the market economy and privatization is widely expressed, often by people with no expertise in economics.
So the kindhearted husband agrees and down they come.
One warned that the appointment of one of the Soviet Government's Arabists as Foreign Minister could soften Moscow's apparent support for the use of force to drive Iraq out of Kuwait.
U.S. Withholds Recognition WASHINGTON, Dec. 3 (Reuters) -- The United States said today that it would not formally recognize the new Government in Chad.
(Farrar, Straus & Giroux, $22.95.)
On occasion, the museum also carries rokkaku kites by Shouzi Kobayashi, one of Japan's most distinguished kite makers.
Aerobics tapes typically are speeded up to about 150 beats a minute, to get exercisers moving faster, Ms. Thomas said.
But up close Smith's miniature imgaes present carefully rendered schemes of deadly chaos: silhouettes of falling helicopters, camouflage patterns and numbers suggesting geographical co-ordinates.
GERTRUDE I. MCWILLIAMS Editor & Publisher, Concerning Cars Pound Ridge, N.Y., Sept. 4, 1990
Others, however, would have to be cut down.
Turkish officials say their losses are at least $5 billion and possibly as high as $7 billion.
Heisman and his rider, Michael Matz of Collegeville, Pa., won the $100,000 Crown Royal Grand Prix for show jumpers at today's closing session of the annual Hampton Classic Horse Show.
''To hold that against their clients would be unfair.''
A9 The U.S. may consider an Arab plan to send U.N. observers to the Israeli-occupied territories to monitor the treatment of Palestinians by Israeli security forces, Secretary of State Baker said.
Her singing of Mr. Bernstein's "Glitter and Be Gay" was much more trouble free later in the evening.
The agency cast about 200 non-actors, whom it found by advertising in local newspapers in the Long Island resort town of East Hampton.
One Boston internist estimates he is 200 hours behind on his paperwork, and the thought of adding catch-up hours to his already overloaded schedule exhausts him.
While the rich spend $10 for a box of imported Raisin Bran, many poor families now call beans, a traditional staple, ''rich people's food.''
About a two- hour drive northwest from the city lies Lake Naivasha, a freshwater lake in the Rift Valley.
With all its potential to treat blacks with condescension and Jews as sterotypes, "Driving Miss Daisy" is more notable for avoiding the pitfalls of sentimentality and stereotyping than it is for creating characters of substance.
''But I think they did so out of concern that a new 40-year might get another bad reception.''
It's not clear what Kansas did to make Oklahoma angry, or what the Jayhawks took that belonged to the Sooners, but Oklahoma pounded the top-ranked Jayhawks tonight as if they had stolen something in administering a lopsided defeat.
Mr. Coppola's brand of nepotism is more thoughtful than most.
''A lot of people say, 'Well, we have the Hartford Symphony, why do we need you?'
A general garden fertilizer such as 5-10-5 can be used.
Putting aside all that can be said about the usefulness of unsparing reports from the trenches of contemporary experience, we take from realist novels the bracing pain other ages took from tragic drama.
So does the tension between the religious and classical associations of the figures in space and a method of carving that abstracts the imagery and makes the rough, even angry treatment of the wood a focus in itself.
''We knew the telephone was tapped, so we'd call and ask when her last asthma attack had come on and which clinic she was being treated in,'' Mrs. Richter recalled.
'No Choice But Surrender' Mr. Kollin said arguments over General Noriega's surrender were one of many legal motions the defense would make and which could delay the trial for months.
J. P. Morgan & Company, Pepsico's investment banker in the deal, said the deal would not have been possible without the recently liberalized trade policies of the Government of President Carlos Salinas de Gortari, which had to clear the acquisition.
When they were half the price of California wines, that was great.
Signaling the importance of the Chinese market for American farmers, the Agriculture Department announced today that China has bought an additional 449,370 metric tons of wheat, its second purchase this week.
International traffic at major hub airports, including Newark, Dallas, Chicago and Atlanta, is growing far faster than at Kennedy.
One of the city's largest co-op converters, Time Equities, filed notice last week that it is behind on maintenance charges or in arrears in bank loans it has taken out at 102 co-op buildings.
He is survived by his wife, Henrietta; a son, Timothy of Tarrytown, N.Y.; a daughter, Janet Reist of Chapel Hill, N.C.; two sisters, Zella Norman of Danville, Calif., and Kathleen Olds of Gates Mills, Ohio; and four grandchildren.
Home Box Office has developed the kind of wacky sense of humor in its promotional ads that helped make MTV a success.
He had not known then of her decision to withdraw.
Jeffrey T. Michaels, executive director of the State Republican Committee, conceded ''these numbers are absolutely startling.''
When Secretary of State James A. Baker 3d appeared before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee last week, Senator Jesse Helms registered his disdain for the open hearings as "television theater" and proposed that the Secretary be heard in executive session.
However, sausage products, as opposed to raw-meat products, have a long shelf life, they do not spoil as quickly as raw meat.
''At the same time, we continue to focus on managing the growth in our operating expenses.''
SAN JOSE STATE - Dismissed Claude Gilbert head football coach.
''This is politically significant for the future if it holds up.''
If any difficulty develops, the boatman is there to assist or to carry out a rescue.
''What happened to the six items I left here three minutes ago?
Community and special education programs need to be established in our schools to integrate people with traumatic brain injury into the mainstream.
The project includes lighting grids and climate control for the third-floor gallery, new educational facilities, a storage area for the museum's 70,000 artifacts, landscaping of the entrance for the handicapped, modifications of the lobby and a new lobby gallery.
Under the one-to-one guidance of a faculty member, each student pursues a research project of eight to ten weeks.
But Trevino's superlative effort is only a stroke better than another Senior PGA Tour rookie, the long-hitting Jim Dent, who put together a second consecutive 68 despite making a double-bogey 6 on the 360-yard first hole.
The amount above the $100,000 threshold is $200,000.
The company said latest 40 weeks and year-earlier period included a net loss of $3,455,000 and $6,443,000, respectively, both related to disposition of operations.
Women Lead the Genre Ms. Pauley's shift to prime time continues a network trend of building prime-time programs around leading female correspondents.
Malcolm Forbes Jr., president and editor and chief of the magazine, said, ''His allegations are as truthful as his estimates of his wealth.''
He has, after all, taken such risks before.
In countries where there is so little and such low purchasing power, the interest for business will be the initial infrastructural projects, which will be done with money from our side.
Donald H. Brown, a United Methodist minister, officiated.
This film is rated PG-13.
Before Darwin, the idea of an insuperable boundary between humans and animals was usually defended in one of two ways: ''First, by the notion that man is made in the image of God, and secondly, by the notion that man is a uniquely rational being.''
So he set off on the campaign trail, often with just his driver.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Cytogen Corp. (OTC) 13wks to Dec 30 1989 1988 Revenue 2,655,000 851,000 Net loss 2,978,000 6,911,000 Shares outst 12,096,000 11,935,000 52wk rev 7,468,000 5,906,000 Net loss 13,956,000 17,821,000 Shares outst 11,994,000 11,924,000 View Full Article in Timesmachine »
''In the past, they have been bad at executing policy.''
The company reported a net loss of $31.6 million for the 1988 calendar year, the latest annual figures available.
It is impossible for Republicans to hear such music without dancing.
The Education Department said it disagreed with the report's findings and that officials were preparing a detailed response.
At 10:45, while analysts talked with I.B.M., the stock dropped to its lowest point.
We need not be actors or directors or musicians, for just crossing that stage sends a frisson up the spine.
Shares in Ultimate were unchanged today at $7.50 in over-the-counter trading.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Cade Industries Inc. Qtr to March 31 1990 1989 Sales 6,808,000 12,963,000 Net inc 558,000 338,000 Share earns .03 .02 Shares outst 16,910,583 16,966,106 View Full Article in Timesmachine »
The spade loser was thrown on the club ace, and the moment of truth had arrived.
Mr. Shukla hopes to bring in a business associate, a Mr. Vespoli.
''Even if it were only 1 percent effective, the saving would be $700 million.''
''When sellers panic, the odds are tipped in favor of the buyers,'' said Mr. Herzfeld, who specializes in closed-end fund investment and analysis.
During the same period, "South Africa Now" broke several significant stories, among them South Africa's moves toward developing a nuclear-arms capability, as well as how Armscor, the South African arms manufacturer, had supplied weapons to the Iraqi military before the invasion of Kuwait.
There is also no more noise at a geothermal power plant than at Con Edison's quiet complex at First Avenue and 42d Street in New York City.
(AP) Pistons 105, Cavaliers 96: Joe Dumars scored 22 points and Isiah Thomas had 20 points and 11 assists to lead Detroit at home.
The Los Angeles cosmetics and personal-care products company said late Tuesday that profits in the second quarter would be about 50 percent lower than the $6.2 million of last year's second quarter.
Concern for the Kandinskys has been expressed because in 1964, during the tenure of Mr. Krens's predecessor, Thomas Messer, the Guggenheim auctioned 50 works by that artist, out of 170 that it owned, for $1.5 million.
That is because, in the interim, resignations and retirements have produced the shrinkage that Boeing had originally planned to achieve through layoffs.
She befriends him during the making of ''Giant,'' when he also discovers that a magazine is threatening to ''expose'' his private life.
''It's very important that this little trick not be talked about, not be given away.''
Meanwhile, King termed the rumors of troubles between Tyson and him "just wishful thinking."
President Johnson was reluctant to mobilize reserves because he feared a call-up would encourage public opposition to the conflict.
Nd7, the introduction to a variation against the Ruy Lopez that derives from the 19th century Russian challenger for the world championship, Mikhail Chigorin, embellished in the 1940's by the Soviet theoretician Vyacheslav Ragosin.
With the series deadlocked at 2-2, the comeback would mean little if the Knicks were unable to win in the Boston Garden.
The other 14 drugs were discontinued for economic reasons, Bolar said.
''Any time we provide new services, that raises the cost,'' said Mr. Carson, who thinks insurers should move into the prevention field.
Not long after this exploit, Sharon was named to found Unit 101, which became an effective antiterrorist squad that carried out retributive raids each time Israel was the victim of a guerrilla attack.
Forte said that he recognized his gambling was a terrible addiction, and realized the problems it has caused his family as well.
But most of that budget is made up of student loan guarantees, which are mandated by law.
It is built on speed-rock electric guitar solos (fast, virtuosic, nearly everything articulated with frenzied right-hand strumming and manic left-hand skittering up and down the fret board, the general esthetic being more-notes-per-second equals better).
Several journalists, including Bill Moyers, have rallied around the two men who were dismissed.
Case Seen as Concocted The defense team has contended that the entire case was concocted, not only that the case was too weak to obtain convictions but also that there was simply no evidence that any child had been abused at the school.
But Democrats dismissed the threats as partisan posturing.
More than 2,500 Mariel exiles are in United States custody, all charged with some crime.
For example, on occasion, some may accept less than the standard minimum monthly payment, which typically is between 2 1/2 to 5 percent of the total on credit card debt and more on installment debt.
OTHER AREAS East Massapequa, L.I.
Edited by Thomas Pettepiece and Anatoly Aleksin.
The company said year-ago figures were not available.
After it foreclosed, Mr. Van Varick said, the bank hoped to sell the rental apartments to the Glen Oaks Village co-op corporation, thereby making apartment owners in the co-op landlords as well.
Gold futures prices rose strongly yesterday on the Commodity Exchange in New York as fears of tightening oil supplies pushed crude oil futures to record highs, spurring some investors to buy gold as a hedge against inflation.
Here in East Berlin, at least, reunification is no longer a dream or an option; it has become an urgent imperative.
But some include ''asides'' to observe reality, such as stretches of sky and bits of figures.
The Iraqis have up to now denied visits to the American Embassy.
The complaints led to an investigation by Nassau County District Attorney Denis E. Dillon.
A goal is to avoid a politically disastrous property-tax increase.
But the open skies talks have yet to reach an accord.
Mr. and Mrs. James P. Maloney of New Hartford, N.Y., have announced August wedding plans for their daughter Bridget Kristine Maloney and John Kenneth Bush, the son of Mr. and Mrs. Alton K. Bush of Little Rock, Ark.
The rebels sprayed machine-gun fire from three sides into the Meera Juma mosque, where about 200 worshipers had gathered, and also lobbed grenades.
Other than the New York Futures Exchange, which was able to continue trading two of its five products manually, the exchanges suspended all trading and notified customers that they would reopen briefly around 2 P.M., enabling traders to settle any unwanted trading positions.
They were in the papers.''
He gave up all the Chicago runs and five hits in four and two-thirds innings.
He asked not to be identified.
One of the largest condominium apartment buildings is the 231-unit River Ridge on Old Palisade Road, where one-bedroom units go for about $275,000 and two-bedrooms for about $375,000.
The exhibition focuses on weavings that re-create sand paintings used in Navajo chants performed to cure illnesses, alleviate evil influences and restore harmony.
Treason carries a maximum sentence of life imprisonment in Germany.
Being on location with ''The African Queen,'' Mr. Eastwood suggested, looked rosy only from a distance.
Nf6 5 Nc3 d6, allows White to use the violent Keres Attack 6 g4!?
Among the pitchers who have won 300 or more major league games, did any ever fail to lead the league in victories for every season of his career?
New York: St. Martin's Press.
Control of power at the provincial as well as the national level would give the Islamic Democratic Alliance a virtual monopoly over patronage resources for serving its grass-roots constituencies.
Goalies Moog enters the fourth round with a goals-against average of 1.92, best of any goaltender of the 16 playoff qualifiers.
Occasionally, he is stumped by a location, which gives him an opportunity to show the depth of his interest.
But Harvey took Jason Buchanan's in-bounds pass and dribbled the length of the court, putting in a jumper just to the left of the foul line.
But it said, ''Many states are showing signs of economic slowdown that are not reflected in national economic indicators.''
For several years Dr. Susan Schwartz of the University of Puerto Rico Caribbean Primate Research Center has been studying a free-foraging population of 1,100 macaque monkeys on the island of Cayo Santiago, off the southeast coast of Puerto Rico.
OR take the case of VR 1257.
"I'd rather not disclose my starters now.
Mexico had wanted to take up freer movement of workers as well as goods.
He said there were 28 gang killings on the West Side last year.
Term limits are welcomed by those -- usually majorities -- who are anti-politician, anti-establishment, anti-taxes and anti-Washington.
* Goldner Hawn Johnson & Morrison Inc., Minneapolis, led an investment group that completed the previously announced acquisition of Byerly's Inc., Minneapolis, a supermarket business.
It is named for Harry A. Gampel, a Florida real-estate developer, Class of 1943, who made the largest private donation for the building - $1 million.
The wing consists of about 50 huge C-141 jet transports that can take the new division's units virtually anywhere in the world.
Mr. Ashenfelter can tell you that 1989 is going to be good.
And, if a conversion can be accomplished, it will enable us to take what has been an economic disaster for Long Island and turn it into a significant asset.
Under the ban, advertisements must use precise language, saying in large print that the products have nothing to do with fighting AIDS, or that the products are helpful in combating the disease and that scientific documentation is available upon request.. ''Our job is to insure full disclosure so there is informed consumer choice,'' Mr. Green said in an interview.
But Dr. Navarro also gave ample credit to the Papal Nuncio in Panama City, Msgr.
These dresses tend to be more romantic than in years past.
''Palm trees, white sand, the blue Mediterranean.
Anatole Chelnov, a retired vice president of the international division of Encyclopedia Britannica, died July 1 at his home in San Francisco.
Soft sales provoked a gloomy prediction from an economist at the National Automobile Dealers Association, Tom Webb, who said, ''Unless there is a major change in the economy, such as reduced interest rates, domestic new-car sales appear destined to remain in their current doldrums.''
At times, it was difficult to fathom what he had in mind.
The hobgoblin sector enables Mr. Oberman to maneuver in case he sees a company he likes that doesn't fit into one of his themes.
Dance for the Environment March 6 - Since its founding in 1970, the National Resources Defense Council has been lobbying Federal, state and local governments on environmental and public health issues.
One dinner vice chairman who was on the program but not in sight was PETER A. COHEN, whose resignation last week as head of Shearson Lehman Hutton is said on Wall Street to have been the work of Mr. Robinson.
"I had a different picture of him from TV, what I've read and from his own press releases," said George L. Geers, editor of The Chronicle, a small daily in Willimantic that Mr. Morrison visited on Monday to meet the editors and seek the paper's endorsement.
''I would like to follow the Mayor's lead in building bridges,'' he said at a news conference with Mayor Dinkins.
3Jody Reed 2b (.289, 5, 51) The leadoff batter, he tied George Brett for the league lead in doubles with 45.
He yielded two runs in the first inning on Jeff Treadway's run-scoring single and a run-scoring double by Dave Justice.
Although McIlvaine said he was not contacted by Padre officials until three weeks ago, it is believed that overtures were made to him last August on behalf of Tom Werner, head of a 15-member group that bought the Padres from Joan Kroc in mid-June.
Sometimes parents write for their children.
Under the new labor agreement, any future collusion would cost the owners treble damages.
He said he was aware of the reports of deeper official involvement in the killing, but made it clear he put no stock in them.
Natural gas prices were either down or unchanged for the day.
At that point, the Hungarians will take inventory of the estimated 5,750 buildings left on the Soviets's 60 army camps and six air bases.
He said his successor, the emperor Claudius, had political reasons for promoting the idea that it was Caligula and not the imperial system itself that was ''inherently evil.''
Where did this passion for property come from?
Their mother's careful decorating -- the film's metaphor for the banality of evil -- raises a question for interior design enthusiasts who see the film: why did so many British sitting rooms of the 50's look like this?
The upward surge was seen following the museum's last major exhibition of such material, in 1978-79, ''Great American Samplers From the Collection of Theodore Kapnek Sr.'' Mr. Kapnek died in 1980, and the market gained momentum when his collection was auctioned in 1981 at Sotheby's in New York.
German Role in NATO At Ottawa last month, when the ''two plus four'' formula for negotiating German reunification was announced, the United States, Britain and France said they would seek to keep a united Germany in NATO, but offer assurances to its eastern neighbors and the Soviet Union.
Based on a recent sampling, the chef, Anthony Najiola, formerly of Restaurant Raphael, has yet to hone his menu of traditional bistro specialties.
The state's rate increased 22 percent.
He was 67 years old and lived in Woodbridge, Conn. Dr. Perlis was a noted scholar and researcher in computer programming language design.
Mr. Carl said American Savings was actually $1 billion deeper in debt than estimated when regulators assessed the $3.3 billion liquidation fee.
''The purpose of this complex has been turned on its head,'' said Robert Hartman, a lawyer representing the dissident group.
Revamped Batting Order But they did, and McReynolds offers one reason: The batting order was revamped by Manager Bud Harrelson.
"Everyone has to believe in something," mused Gennadi I. Malofeyev, the principal of School No.
QVC attributed the decline to the problems of integrating its own home-shopping programs with those of the larger CVN Companies, which it acquired last year for more than $400 million.
A few general issues must be considered first.
Ultimately, Miller went with a battery of Texaco lawyers to Judge Howard Schwartzberg's house in Larchmont, N.Y., on a Sunday morning in April 1987 and personally delivered the bankruptcy petition.
Not for the kind which in almost five years has thrown the country into the vortex of crisis and led it to the line where we have come face to face with an orgy of anarchy and the breakdown of the economy, with the grimace of all-out collapse and the decline of morals.
Jerry's fainting spells are diagnosed as arrhythmia, and he must have a pacemaker implanted.
Since the 1940's, Dr. Cohen said, investigators have acted on the assumption that chemicals cause cancer by directly damaging DNA, the genetic material.
When it comes to print ads, the simplest approach is often the best, she said.
At the Brooklyn news conference yesterday, in a basement meeting room at the chancery office in the Fort Greene section, the contrasts between the outgoing and incoming bishops were stark.
's deepest teams but has lost in the opening round 9 of the last 11 seasons.
UAL rose 7/8, to 158.
Domaine Carneros, the seventh California sparkling wine operation to be built or bought by the French, recently shipped its first wine and is typical of the optimism.
I'm very confident that we will more than satisfy the Legislature and our own members that we're doing a good job.
The Blue Jays and the Red Sox were both idle yesterday Without Clemens, Toronto's Kelly Gruber said, the Red Sox were basically ''fighting with one arm tied behind their backs.''
Barbara Alexander, managing director of the Construction and Building Products Group for Salomon Brothers, the investment bankers, said that the country could lose 100,000 new housing starts a year for the next five years because of the credit crunch the new regulations are creating for residential builders.
''He has a riverboat gambler's cleverness, a wiliness.''
acknowledged that not all pay telephones were correctly labeled and that that could cause consumer confusion.
He says that the adhesives used to secure carpeting might be the culprits.
Midway through the evening, she was joined by the folk-pop team of David Buskin and Robin Batteau, with whom she collaborated on five songs for her recent album, "Fires of Eden."
This question appears every year at this time and the answer remains somewhat the same.
Nor is there a breakdown on what portion of AZT patients are full-fledged AIDS cases, as against those in earlier stages of the disease.
The Jewels of the Town Whoever emerges - it could be years - will take charge of the old wooden rooms whose floors have turned rock hard from six generations pounding down the clay dust as they moved around the kiln.
The spokesman said the university had no clues to who is responsible for the bombing, and added that the school knew of no student or student groups who would use such means as a protest of any school policy.
The meetings between five powerful Senators and the savings and loan regulators meet Mr. Bennett's test.
This is a lesson that, Mr. Norman notes, ''the services incorporated .
View of Communists The African National Congress also maintains an active alliance with the South African Communist Party.
Nothing short of a brutal comprehensive crackdown would work.
But she said, "The side effects have been disastrous."
We will be visiting Emmaboda in the southern part of Sweden in July.
Jason McManus, Time Warner's editor in chief and Mr. Grunwald's successor, said in a statement yesterday that Mr. Donovan brought ''great integrity and a sense of citizenship to everything he did.''
"Having said that, we've got to see the specific language of this proposal."
In addition, by dangling the lure of free video equipment, Whittle Communications, a Tennessee marketing and media company, says it has persuaded 5,761 schools in 45 states to show its daily, advertiser-sponsored news programs in their classrooms.
Kyriacos Spyrou says his father ''gave me an ultimatum that if I didn't prove to him that I was heterosexual within three months, then I'd have to leave home.''
''The post office gets an extra branch at practically no additional cost, and the entrepreneur gets a lot of potential buyers for whatever he's selling.''
"If we had waited a few months to say something, when most people are convinced that we are in a recession now, then we might have been laughed at."
Mr. Roh's adviser, Lee Hong Koo, said the Cabinet would meet on Saturday to settle details that would translate the President's announced ''free, unrestricted and unconditional exchange'' into a regulated program for a limited number of people.
But Jackson did say he was concerned that Cheeks's injury was not healing as quickly as anticipated.
Gold futures prices rose strongly.
''And we're still in a bad situation.
Hundreds of thumb-size figures cover the table tops, mantles, shelves and other outcroppings of her house, not to mention the thousands of larger dolls that sit primly on antique sofas and chairs and fill the showcases in the basement museum, Aunt Len's Doll and Toy Museum.
This week, MCA Records, which has released the soundtrack album of Mr. Williams's sweeping score for ''Born on the Fourth of July,'' is putting out a specially edited single of the movie's title theme.
'Little to Do With Race'e ''What we are seeing is the initial stages of a campaign to wipe out dissidence, and it has very little to do with race; who is not for the A.N.C.
For much of that period, the military has waged a fierce counterinsurgency war against leftist guerrillas.
Those filings explained the relevancy of the diary entries to Mr. Poindexter's defense.
Merrill is paying about $42 a square foot for the space, the firm's officials have said, or $300 million over 23 years.
''Some guys have to survive off the land,'' said Howard Sutter, 25, a Bronx man awaiting trial on robbery charges in a punishment cell.
From the West's point of view, and in the view of the so-called moderate Arabs led by Egypt and Saudi Arabia, the invasion of Kuwait is the burning issue of the day.
Nonaligned countries represented on the 15-member Council include Malaysia, Ethiopia, Colombia, Ivory Coast, Zaire, Yemen and Cuba.
Mill Bakery, Eatery and Brewery (6791 Newberry Road, Gainesville; 904-338-0100).
The shore remains critical to the New Jersey economy.
The next attempt the following day involved my kind caretaker and his young son who helped.
Dean Spencer remembered the young man with a leg cast and crutches who hobbled laboriously up to the commencement platform.
''The problems was the amount of time they had to spend on the sport, so we said, 'Let's go right at the time situation.'
''We were well into the Sharpton investigation and actually suspended it for a time during the Brawley investigation,'' Mr. Gilles said.
A6 Nelson Mandela rests, then departs for Sweden A6 The coup attempt in Afghanistan last week underscored the vulnerability of President Najibullah, officials in the Bush Administration said.
A memorial service is to be held aboard the Saratoga on Sunday afternoon.
The split over gulf policy has taken on an increasingly partisan tone in Congress over the last several weeks, highlighted by the angry exchanges between liberal Democrats and Administration officials during hearings conducted by Mr. Nunn's panel and the Foreign Relations Committee.
'Call It Riyadh-Politic' Saudi officials say the new loan to the Soviets forms part of a long-term, purposeful plan to establish closer relations with the Soviet Union that has been given new importance by the confrontation with Iraq, a longstanding Soviet ally.
The lamps were burning late in the afternoon of Christmas Day in the office of Eugenio F. Lari, director of East European operations for the World Bank, as he completed a report on a project to modernize the Hungarian banking system.
Speaking to a group of Likud mayors today, Rabbi Deri said: ''Shas has no agreement with Labor.
As an alternative it proposes expanding the questionnaire to cover heterosexual risk and asking all new donors first to be tested for the AIDS virus.
Gradually, a motley assortment of political allies - Sir John Biggs-Davidson, a Conservative M.P.
She has not heard from him since.
Those who miss the exhibition at Sarah Lawrence can see it from Jan. 5 to Feb. 10 at Hofstra University in Hempstead, L.I.
Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir said he was ''horrified by the atrocious crime'' and called on Arabs not to be led into an escalation of violence in the occupied territories.
For an employee of a Madison Avenue law firm who's in a hurry to get to lunch, what's going on around them is the last thing on their mind.''
The bill passed the House on May 10, 287-187.
Dr. Silber's thought was in keeping with his often-stated view that working women have been disruptive of the American family, though he frequently points out that his own mother, a teacher, had to work to support his family during the Great Depression.
The suit - the 14th time the Government has taken civil action under RICO - continues a new strategy on the part of prosecutors seeking to disrupt the Mafia's control over labor.
But it's deceptive nobility, that masks two devastating facts: * The proposal would do nothing to save Social Security.
Many people could not get to work, many food deliveries could not be made, and there was a rush of panic buying for essentials like break and milk.
For him, it's just jacket, jeans and T-shirt.
Each also collected perhaps $30 million nominally given to the state parties but sent, with a wink, to the candidates.
All we have accomplished at this point is removal of some of the obstacles to negotiating the eradication of apartheid.
''Alcohol doesn't console, it doesn't fill up anyone's psychological gaps, all it replaces is the lack of God.''
Something like 53 fouls were called in the game.
I want to keep on trying to be, in the full sense of that wonderful word, a musician.
What is increasingly apparent is that repetitive use of many psychoactive chemicals, licit and illicit, results in changes in neuronal membrane receptors and neurotransmitters that may be permanent.
No apologies can cancel his remarks.
According to Mr. Kocsis and his colleagues on Friday, the 18th century had long since lost its franchise on Beethoven's music by the time the concerto was written.
During the times of program trading the Dow net gain was 15.32 points.
Kazimierz Kord, the music director, will conduct the philharmonic in the little-known Scherzo Tarantella by the Polish composer Karol Szymanowski.
In 1983, the agency recommended banning blood donations from people who emigrated from Haiti after 1977, the year the epidemic is believed to have started.
"There are inconsistencies everywhere in all kinds of Federal regulations," said Mr. Guimond, head of the E.P.A.
''The fantasy is a pro-active, grab-it, zap-it, gulp-it health product.
More Ads and Readers New York Newsday has also seen an increase in advertising and circulation since The News's strike, a spokeswoman, Chiara Coletti, said.
If Mr. Cochrane has so far finessed the bad hops a housing market can take, the man he bought from in Texas should probably have stayed away; Mr. Cochrane was told the seller had to bring $20,000 extra to the closing table to pay off the mortgage when Mr. Cochrane bought the house.
The accord expires June 23 unless all provinces have ratified it, and there are still two firm holdouts, Manitoba and Newfoundland.
He missed Hannah Arendt, Lucy Dawidowicz, Laura Z. Hobson, Emma Lazarus, Rachel Levy, Rosa Luxemburg and a number of others who are to be found in the index, even if one did not bother browsing beyond the letter ''L.''
Mr. Shekhar still believes in more incentives for the public sector, large parts of which continue to suffer heavy losses.
Information on the Appalachian Mountain Club can be obtained from club headquarters, 5 Joy Street, Boston, Mass.
Richard C. Breeden, the chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission, has urged Congress to pass a measure that would enable his agency to receive information about other affiliates of a securities firm, rather than just the broker-dealer.
Edward Taylor, a school psychologist for the district, said the optional program would help ''take away the competition for dress among students and allow them to concentrate more on their work.''
Also, such trials in China are neither independent nor impartial, and the outcome is determined before the trial begins.
The Planned Parenthood Federation of America has started a nationwide campaign to protest A.T.&T.
Imports Down Sharply The reason is a decline in crude oil imports.
More than 600 patients were tested for the AIDS virus in the largest study of its kind; only one, an intravenous drug user, was found positive.
On top of a mosque, American, British and Israeli flags shriveled up in flames.
In March, the Senate overwhelmingly approved a bill that would provide at least $100 million to create and finance service corps in different states.
You are not there to defend material things.
FOOTBALL ATLANTA (NFC) -- Placed James Milling, wide receiver, on injured reserve.
A center-right party, the Croatian Democratic Union, assumed power in Croatia last month after trouncing the ruling Communists in the first multiparty elections in 45 years.
The chemical, steel, utility and auto industries will bear much of the estimated $30 billion in compliance costs but may have little luck passing them onto customers if a recession causes demand for their products to shrink.
But the photos don't allow us to look around corners; in the end they shut us out.
Whether he will succeed in convincing Americans as well is another matter, political and government leaders say.
And the abnormally warm weather in January and February led to a rise in spring clothing prices and sharply increased construction activity and employment in the early spring.
"Waxter has come out against waste?"
''If they're not, they must be crazy.''
But the rules require the lawmakers to approve next year's budget by next month, long before the foundation has been laid.
At one remove from true vintage bikes are reproductions, among them the Western Flyer, made by Columbia Manufacturing from a 1950 design; at Midtown Bicycles in New York it sells for $400.
Failure of System Cited After the introduction of measles vaccine in the 1960's, the number of cases of the disease in the United States dropped to a record low of 1,497 in 1983, from 400,000 a year, and a Government plan to eradicate the disease in this country was expected to succeed in a few years.
He'd give his home-run call, ''You can kiss it good-bye,'' and then let the crowd tell the radio audience how exciting it was.
Mr. Bush discussed his options with President Francois Mitterrand of France last week at a meeting in Florida and with other Western leaders in telephone conversations and other diplomatic contacts over the weekend.
The competitive outcome could take a turn in March, when results are released of the first major clinical study to directly compare the mortality rates of patients treated with TPA and with streptokinase.
Fred Wertheimer, the head of Common Cause, has been pushing for sweeping restrictions on the use of the Congressional mailing, or franking, privilege, including a ban on mass mailings in an election year.
What makes him a compelling, valuable singer, and what makes his voice so attractive, is his astute molding to the emotional demands of the texts.
'In real games, he can apply his intimidation.
Life in the Embassy Mr. Fang said he had spent most of his time in the embassy doing research and writing five scientific papers.
$ 5 25 50 SIMPLE THINGS YOU CAN DO TO SAVE THE EARTH, by the Earthworks Group.
''I'm still in favor of joint custody because it sends the right signal to fathers, but I don't have any illusions about it,'' said Andrew Cherlin, a Johns Hopkins sociologist who cited studies showing that large numbers of fathers stopped seeing their children, even with joint custody.
This sort of approach to criticism, with its arbitrary choice of examples and its insistence on seeing everything in terms of sexual politics, ultimately diminishes many of the works it seeks to illuminate: it substitutes ideology for esthetics, and in doing so turns literature from a rich and ambiguity-filled art form into a fuzzy branch of sociology.
Environmentalists today celebrated the vote in the Agriculture Committee.
The New York-based company posted second-quarter profits of $142.3 million, or $8.19 a share, compared with $140.2 million, or $7.83 a share, in the year-earlier period.
Probably three people in the country, and I would neither vote for those people nor appoint them to any office.''
The Los Angeles Rams used it in 1988 in beating the Giants, 45-31.
Unenthusiastic about the picture's chances in Japan, Fox is willing to let the producers have that country.
''The other two have a habit more like the native Cornus florida.''
Kudrin should have played the calm 27 h3 but was apparently infected by the same aggressive force driving Miles, and he charged ahead with 27 f4 Ng4 28 Re7.
Many other Americans, even if they were no particular fans of the entertainer, probably feel the same way, and for humane as well as theatrical reasons.
Family Moves Again and Again Christian families have been capriciously scattered, about 50 of them taking refuge in a monastery in the Kesrouan Mountains, 25 miles northeast of Beirut.
In New York City, the 52-year-old Federal law that allowed The News to fill the jobs of striking workers with permanent nonunion employees came under new attack today.
Fred Washington, a rookie defensive tackle for the Chicago Bears, was killed along with a companion when the car the player was driving crashed into a tree early this morning in this Chicago suburb, Deputy Police Chief Gary Wieczorek said.
He declined to give a reason, the news agency said.
Keith Francis told The Associated Press that Michael Miller, 21, had been visiting his grandfather for several days when they got into an argument.
For Dr. Morse, monitoring the hot, smelly doings of skunk cabbage and its relatives is a way to study a particular mechanism.
Wouldn't it be nice if our current, all-purpose cameras could make panoramas as easily as the Stretch, but with a choice of aperture, shutter speed and focal length?
Schoolgirls sing a jingle: ''Saddam, Saddam, we will give our blood for you.''
The conservatory setting is what makes the show special.
Injections of salt solution ''provoked'' symptoms of chemical sensitivity as often as the suspected toxin, and ''neutralizing doses,'' given following a response, were determined to be equally efficacious whether the substance or salt water was injected.
"There is a saying that a man's wealth can be gauged by his friends," the minister said.
In the most recent Times ranking, Colorado was tied for fifth with Brigham Young, which defeated Utah, 45-22.
Cycling Men's Pro Road -- Rudy Dhaenene, Belgium.
If this new method had been used in 1988, net income for the 1988 fourth quarter would have been lower by $352,000, or 11 cents a share.
Under Federal and city laws, such a plea would almost certainly result in some time behind bars for Mr. Barry and would also require him to resign from office.
''Well, at least the flicker of it,'' he said.
Figures are in Canadian funds.
Sunday dinner is from 6:30 to 11 P.M. (Review, May 6, 1988).
A separate investigation into Mr. Dinkins's transfer of the stock to his son in 1986 is being conducted by the United States Attorney's office in Brooklyn.
Diane Safer is a newcomer to New York, a woman still adjusting to the towering buildings, the packs of pedestrians barreling down the sidewalks and the homeless people sifting through garbage cans.
10 Three bombs explode in Tripoli, killing one 4 NATIONAL/18-22 The states once dependent on oil, Oklahoma, Texas and Louisiana, are slowly remolding their economies, searching for new vocations to survive a future without it.
Probably just another barroom braggart, but still .
And he was voluble about his general prescriptions for opera.
Wisconsin beat Marquette for the fifth consecutive time.
Other helpful practices include a slow warm-up, then up to five minutes of maximum exertion followed by a rest.
There is no constitutional right to foreign cars or second mortgages.
But at the OPEC meeting today, senior OPEC officials said, the United Arab Emirates and Kuwait agreed to a proposed new accord on production, under which they will limit their output to 1.5 million barrels a day, down from the nearly 2 million barrels a day they had each been pumping.
He flew, alone, to London.
The Franklins kept their private collection separate in their house in Beverly Hills, Calif., Mrs. Franklin-Nordin said.
At the Cannes festival last year, ''Cinema Paradiso,'' which opens its commercial run in New York on Feb. 2, was awarded a special jury prize.
Extending credit does not mean that the money must be used.
''Diana's mother brought her to me when she was 9,'' Miss San Miguel recalled.
''We planned to change defensively, but when we saw them not making their shots we stayed with our zone.''
The music is not always on the same high plane.
Homeless people sleep in the ferry terminal and wander down the street where she lives.
A8 Survey in Moscow sees a high level of anti-Jewish feeling A8 Iraq has built missile launchers within range of Tel Aviv and Damascus, according to American intelligence reports.
To the Editor: Your articles about breast implants over the last two years, including ''Breast Implant Surgery: More Facts Are Sought in the Battle Over Safety'' (Health page, Dec. 28), reintroduce the same problems.
Compaq responded by hurrying orders for more parts and materials, but deliveries were not filled in time for manufacturing schedules to keep pace with demand.
These are the best times of the day and I will miss them when David grows up.
Kennedy said: ''I felt good.
Dr. Baker said the surprisingly high proportion of acidic lakes in Florida appeared to be largely a result of coal-burning power plants in the state.
''You must find the right place with a slight slope and no traffic.
On Christmas Day, Mr. Stepan was arrested for ordering the violence.
My conscience couldn't let me enjoy the warmth and sunshine here if I didn't sent you a little bit extra.
While videocassette recorders are produced everywhere, most recording heads - the high-technology, expensive components -are rarely made outside Japan.
His previous management experience had been at a consulting company that employed fewer than two dozen people.
In recent years, Merrill has fallen under particular criticism for failing to rein in costs, and the new initiatives indicate the firm's resolve to change that.
Mr. O'Connor, a graduate of Pingry and Johns Hopkins University, received a law degree from Seton Hall University.
It is also true that in 1956 -before the increased use of newsletters, before the partisan redistricting of California in the 1980's, before widespread use of television campaigning - 94.6 percent of all incumbents who sought re-election were re-elected.
The game concluded long after Hawkins had departed when Pat Borders lined a two-out single to left-center field that drove home Rance Mulliniks from second base and gave the Toronto Blue Jays an 11-inning, 2-1 victory.
Since her marriage to Nauman about a year ago, she has spent several months in the desert of New Mexico, where she and Nauman own five horses, and she is planning to move there.
But the recession took the steam out of profits and consumer spending, and state budget outlays, as a result, have continued to rise sharply while revenues, for the first time, have shrunk.
I hung my head in shame and went home to drink over the injustice of it all.
The existence of the camps was made public in an article on Friday in Demokratsiya, the newspaper of the opposition coalition called the United Democratic Forces, and more reports with new details and allegations have appeared since in other newspapers and on Bulgarian television.
But he added that increased awareness probably played a role in the increased death rate.
No, the trainer is supposed to be the boss.
The measure, part of a campaign for the phased withdrawal of Soviet troops from the republic, followed a dramatic deterioration of relations between the military and local officials.
(Some manufacturers counter that they are helping to clarify the issue with such labels and that, compared to other products, theirs are indeed ''environmentally friendly.'')
His lawyers filed still another unsuccessful petition; their appeal went to Judge John T. Noonan of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit in San Francisco,, a former law professor with a Ph.D. in philosophy named to the Court by President Ronald Reagan.
The cheapest price for a pair of shoes 8.
I wanted to find a different kind of esthetic working here, but I wanted to make sure that there was fundamentally a sense of social responsibility, that the arts have a reason for being, and they relate to society and they relate to people who live in New York.
''I don't have a magic wand to make bad labor relations disappear overnight,'' he said.
In this view, the cultivation of Asia is not an option for Japan, but a necessity.
Mr. Boesky was believed to be trading in Guinness, Argyll and Distillers.
The bridegroom, 37, is the son of Mr. and Mrs. Brunett of Clifton.
The 20-year-old from Los Angeles is a member of the Alpha Company in the 1st Battalion, Third Marine Regiment, which was deployed in September.
He will be working under Charles J. Zwick, 64, chairman and chief executive, who plans to retire in July 1993.
Worse, the 5.5 percent raise sent a gilt-edged invitation to other unions to seek similar raises for themselves.
'' Here's George Carlin, a couple of decades earlier: ''Baseball is played in a 'park'; football is played in a stadium - 'War Memorial Stadium.'
The posse has looked forward to this game ever since the schedule was made.''
''School funding suits,'' said Mr. Augenblick, ''are like a Russian novel.
There are two electronic wall maps and two scale models of the city's monumental core, and videodiscs provide information on 100 tourist destinations elswhere in Washington.
Mr. Sununu was at odds with colleagues who wanted to drop the negotiations much earlier.
The players in this cast, it must be assumed, were not at fault.
Such a survey has recently been completed by the Berger-Braithwaite Lab in New York City, a consumer testing organization in the video field, on behalf of Video magazine.
The store will take special orders at (201) 340-0628.
A basis point is one-hundredth of a percentage point.
It's a long tradition of Lincoln Republicanism."
''Of course, she took the job.''
Thanks to that contrariness, Mr. Groening (pronounced GREEN-ing) now finds himself presiding over a full-fledged if unlikely pop-culture phenomenon as the inventor of a family of cartoon misfits struggling desperately to appear normal and inevitably failing.
He said the lawyer told him he should be more careful about his requests for classified information.
She also discovered, through her research, that the author had wanted only to earn enough money to make a silk dress.
Song of the Year: ''Wind Beneath My Wings,'' by Larry Henley and Jeff Silbar New Artist: Milli Vanilli.
It's this dissolving, discontinuous world.''
Using a putty knife, fill the crack with joint compound and spread a layer of compound about four inches wide and an eighth of an inch thick along both sides of the corner.
He withdrew Soviet troops from Afghanistan and encourages a settlement there, in Angola and in Cambodia.
Among the retailers that have already agreed to carry the book during April and turn the proceeds over to the city, are the more than 2,000 stores in the Waldenbooks and B. Dalton/Barnes & Noble chains.
United Van Lines is equipping about 180 trucks that carry high-value merchandise, and the company hopes to eventually outfit some 5,000 vehicles that move household goods.
''He fought with his fists, like a man.
He said that Boesky had wanted to find a ''friend'' who would agree to hold the stock for him.
From that scramble Lopez emerged with the first of his key foul shots.
They were the Bahamas Ministry of Tourism, which D.M.B.& B. said it had resigned, and Sabena Belgian World Airlines, which was handled by its Brussels office.
But this year, the players' union vetoed such camps on the ground that they might lull the club owners into a sense of serenity in the labor talks.
A spokesman for Sir Leon said Air France and its partners were likely to give the commission more details of the deal in the coming week.
The companies have also added equipment that thwarts blue boxes, and have started a nationwide deterrent campaign that includes instructional films, posters and leaflets warning students that they are breaking the law if they use stolen codes.
The stock's high this year was 4,640; last year it reached 5,050.
Windows 3.0 is a software extension to DOS, the disk operating system software that controls tens of millions of I.B.M.
Mr. Koppel said Nielsen was no longer an influence on Danish composers, as he was on Mr. Koppel himself and others of his generation in their formative years.
''I related the whole thing to architecture.
Residents fleeing from the area also reported seeing Government soldiers dousing homes and shops with gasoline.
But the Administration proposes only a tired list of tried-and-failed tax ''incentives'' that give away more than they get; tried-and-rejected spending cuts that have failed to garner a majority of votes from even the President's party in Congress; and $13.9 billion of ''revenue enhancements.''
Gross is an actress under the name of Ruth Brooks.
"Falluja would be interesting," I say.
Mark Hardy, a Rangers' defenseman, asked out loud about the two hours of exercise, a game of hockey that would neither count in the standing nor count as an encouraging effort.
Fit the patch into place and press the area with a rolling pin so that the patch and surrounding flooring adhere to the tape.
SUNY Professors Favor Increase Both Mr. Murphy and Mr. Hershenson said that the stipulation regarding financial aid was of particular concern because more than 40 percent of CUNY's 200,000 students now attend part time, meaning they take less than 12 credits a semester.
Nan is no mundane Gorgeous Heroine whose icy exterior hides a sweet soul and a vulnerable heart.
Presented by Lincoln Center Theater, Gregory Mosher, director; Bernard Gersten, executive producer.
New York: McGraw-Hill Publishing Company.
Some students have thanked me for forcing that confrontation and awakening them to reality.
But the quake made the decision for him.
His appointment was considered part of a fresh strategy to drive out organized-crime factions by using civil-court procedures rather than criminal indictments.
One Republican-backed amendment that was defeated would have continued the current Hatch Act restrictions on employees of agencies like the Internal Revenue Service and the Central Intelligence Agency.
''Bob Naegele came in originally to help fund the company, and then he took control of it,'' said Mr. Olson, 31, who has since introduced a competing skate called Switchit that accommodates either wheels or an ice-skating blade.
A spokesman for the center said Mr. Fry had died of leukemia.
''To restore public trust, to assure the highest scientific quality, and to assure the independence of investigators, the department needs an independent system,'' it added.
''The pay is very cheap,'' Miss Zeng said.
''Last year, they forced him to go left, and they had help.
"A lot of these projects are going to be asking for big bucks, and there's no place for it to come from."
Their overarching point of agreement -backed by Peter Vallone, Speaker of the City Council - is the need to hire ''thousands'' more cops.
Policemen firing bullets in the air dispersed the angry crowds.
John Conklin's lovely classical set, with its sand-colored pillars and deep rear anteroom, seems to echo the august interior of the Art Institute behind the theater.
Congress can help tomorrow's economy and tomorrow's older displaced homemakers.
''It might be different if you were talking about pictures for sale,'' he said, ''but here each picture was picked out for its relation to the whole exhibit.''
Karolj Seles had heard jeers from tennis pundits who felt Monica's double-handed forehand was far-fetched, but Bollettieri elected not to tamper with it.
It also criticized high land prices as an example of how economic growth had failed to benefit the average Japanese.
"She has the last word on most things now and, yes, for her that is different," said Slozil.
Consistency -- who needs it?
The study group's recommendation is expected to be made final in a report to Mr. Watkins next month.
"And I haven't heard anything."
The practical issues include whether the spouse should find a job or how long the household can be run on a typical severance pay of six months' salary.
Still, what is described in the pictures is often sufficiently interesting - Nazca lines, a windmill farm, a golf course overlaid on an Indian mound - that the peculiarities of style and printing can be overlooked.
I certainly was among them, and I believe he knows it is an important point in the Washington mayoralty issue facing him.
In 1962, while still on the Lyric Opera staff, Mr. Stivender began working as an assistant to Kurt Adler at the Metropolitan.
A native of Albany, General Dugan also served several stints at the Pentagon, most recently as a deputy Air Force chief of staff for programs and resources, and later for plans and operations.
It opened in 1929 as the city's second tallest building.
She believes these findings apply to humans.
The Soviet Communist Party Central Committee sharply attacked a group of party radicals agitating for drastic changes and said today that if they did not conform they had no place in the party organization.
He was a member of the Connecticut Legislature, 1939-42, and then served two terms in the House of Representatives.
Mr. Kung said he worried because soon Yan Yan's sister would emigrate too, and no one would visit.
''We've only played three games in the conference, and we've got five more games to go.''
In the areas of New York State, Maine and New Hampshire where I do my grouse hunting, I probably walk a mile for every grouse I flush and thrice that distance for every one that affords me a shot.
Many residents shop at the larger malls in nearby Somerville or Short Hills.
''He looked vigorous and confident,'' General Thurman said of the captive.
It's become an outer cir-cle, which with each added member grows more and more distant from the center of power.
We will replicate this cost-effective prototype to create hundreds of other beds.
I have spoken to several plumbers, and all say that the pan must be replaced.
But it's not easy for him, but he'll do O.K.
He commandeered a taxi and captured the suspected gunman.
The failure of the proposed constitutional amendment to allow punishment of flag-burning was a remarkable thing in its way.
Then, teletypewriters or TTY's, which printed directly onto paper, were few and far between.
Other skulls show up in the form of large beads crowning the forehead.
Karpov has used the Saemisch Attack sparingly in recent years, yet its 5 f3 carefully bolsters the white center against counterattack, and it creates options of castling either on the queen's wing with the aim of a mating attack or of castling on the other wing and aiming for a solid positional game.
and the dozens of other police and intelligence agencies of the Soviet Union -- none of them disbanded in the almost five years of the Gorbachev regime.
Championship as well as 16 PGA Tour events and the Masters, said yesterday that as a result of the issues raised by the controversy, network executives would hold discussions with the P.G.A.
A founding partner of Bond Ryder, Mr.
Couscous With Raisins Y cup raisins 1 tablespoon olive oil 1/4 cup chopped onion 1 teaspoon finely chopped garlic 1 1/2 cups boiling water 1/8 teaspoon ground cinnamon 1/8 teaspoon ground cumin Salt and freshly ground pepper to taste 1 cup quick-cooking couscous 1 teaspoon finely chopped fresh mint 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice 1 teaspoon balsamic vinegar.
Soccer Closing In on the Cup: Aston Villa moved closer to a record eighth F.A.
With its range of tailored clothing and sports wear, including such designers as Ronaldus Shamask, Paul Smith and Robert Comstock, it has the feeling of comprehensiveness that only a complete men's store, like Barneys New York, has.
He said the result was a mandate for his campaign's theme of limiting campaign contributions to reduce the influence of political action committees.
The engineer at the Johnson space center who spoke on the condition of not being named, said many of the solutions were based on highly optimistic assumptions that might not pan out.
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Heritage said the merger could not be completed until after Oct. 31.
The sale was modified after lawmakers pointed out that production of the 150 M-1A2 tanks in the package would not begin until November 1992, and therefore the tanks could not be used for immediate defenses.
And who of them has ever pronounced a word of his own repentance?''
New Pizza Rack Griffo Grill, a company in Quincy, Ill., that makes grilling racks that simplify barbecuing small pieces of food, has introduced a pizza rack for home ovens.
Among her subjects were Hedy Lamarr, Arturo Toscanini, Eleanor Roosevelt, Raymond Massey, Albert Einstein, Sinclair Lewis, Paul Robeson, Gian Carlo Menotti and Conrad Veidt.
The good news was that the event finally grabbed the attention the organizers have always insisted it deserved.
During my stay at Mudumalai I saw bison, spotted deer, antelopes, elephants, hyenas and jackals, to name just a few animals; at Periyar I saw large herds of elephants as well as other mammals and waterfowl; at Nagarahole I saw most of the animals I had seen at Mudumalai as well as a tiger and a leopard.
The gardeners argued that their neighborhood, which lies within Community Board 7, had already been saturated with more of the state office's housing than any other in the borough.
And understandably after what happened in Baka," where the three Jews were killed, "there's extremism, and you can't get absolute quiet.
''You've got to do what you can to help.''
The success of Butler's Tray has not gone unnoticed.
Hypodermic needles continue to wash ashore year-round in New York City, but the numbers have declined since the summer of 1988, when about 2,000 were collected.
Prices vary from area to area and by the part of the season.
The game will be televised over NBC (Channel 4 in New York) starting at 12:30 P.M. Eastern time.
Trading was light as an estimated 270 million shares changed hands.
said it had reduced the senior debt rating of Bankers Trust New York to AA from AA+, the subordinated debt rating to AA- from AA, and the preferred stock rating to A+ from AA.
Simply put, the speedway would allow its name and the name of its race -- registered trademarks -- to be attached to a series of oval-track Indy-car races internationally, with the Indy 500 as part of that series.
And Gordon Liddy, who took orders and kept his mouth shut no matter what, at least seems to stand for something.
I wanted to tell her: look, life can be so simple.
To keep the words hidden is to kill the murdered twice, this time with the forgetting mind.
It's as if information from each source finds its way to a different cluster of thoughts.
A deer drive involves one or more hunters walking in a pre-determined direction through the woods toward a waiting hunter or hunters.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey warned yesterday that construction work on the George Washington Bridge this weekend could cause major traffic tie-ups on the West Side of Manhattan.
I'll unpack my books and put back up that famous photograph of the writers gathered at the Gotham Book Mart in 1948. .
Manholes are provided so inspectors can check conditions within the pile of waste.
''I finally convinced her to come one night because she loves Clark Gillies.
Gillette, the personal-care products company based in Boston, had announced in December its intention to buy Wilkinson's blade and razor business outside the European Community for $72 million from Swedish Match A.B.
Since 1863, the Concord Baptist Church of Christ in Brooklyn has had only four pastors, an average tenure of nearly 32 years.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Swift Energy (AMEX) Qtr to March 31 1990 1989 Revenue 5,543,000 3,943,000 Net inc 2,462,000 1,470,000 Share earns .52 .36 Shares outst 4,779,000 4,069,000 View Full Article in Timesmachine »
The floor is painted in trompe-l'oeil zebra skin.
After he fainted during a Dec. 9 game, a cardiac arrhythmia, an irregular heartbeat, was ''noted, treated and monitored on a regular basis,'' according to Dr. Vernon Hitori, his personal physician.
The proposal for Greenburgh also has been the most fiercely contested, and Mr. Cuomo's discomfort over opposition and delays may not be over.
The strike, a step that the unions had desperately sought to avoid on the ground that it would clear the way for management to begin hiring permanent replacements, was announced at 9:40 P.M. by the president of the drivers' union, Michael J. Alvino.
(A) Qtr to March 30 1990 1989 Sales 62,144,000 62,397,000 Net inc 3,726,000 3,699,000 Share earns .53 .42 Shares outst 7,058,302 8,763,812 6mo sales 120,063,000 120,973,000 Net inc 7,209,000 7,165,000 Share earns 1.02 .81 Shares outst 7,078,315 8,842,080 View Full Article in Timesmachine »
But gains were eliminated by near-perfect weather in the Middle West, which is helping crop maturity and improving the size of yields.
Who better to play the shallow television producer, a man the Woody Allen hero deplores, than an actor-director who neatly divides public opinion between those who think he's profound and those who see him as a naked emperor?
But he cautioned that women who followed a restricted diet during pregnancy and nursing must be counseled by a nutritionist and must take multi-vitamin and mineral supplements to avert nutritional deficiencies.
While Karpov was a pawn ahead, there was no doubt that Kasparov had active play.
subordinated debt was lowered to AA+ from triple-A by the Standard & Poor's Corporation, reflecting what the rating agency termed as changes in the bank's capital structure.
The country has relied more on diplomacy and lavish foreign aid and less on the size of its armed forces to maintain its independence for the last several decades.
T. H. SCHERMAN Durham, N.C.
These do not send out any active signals, unlike radar, and their operation is therefore impossible for an enemy to detect.
The teleplay was written by Ms. Flanigan and Ken Koser.
At the second, we use internally designed, nonstandardized tests to choose students who show special promise.
Mr. Parra is alleged to command up to 100 gangs of gunmen hired to murder the traffickers' enemies.
Those casinos would pay nothing to the state, Mr. Berenson said, while private parimutuels hand over tens of millions of dollars a year.
The secret of the kind of spontaneous combustion he and Crazy Horse churn up, Mr. Young said, lies in their collective sense of when to stop polishing the music.
''I had my doubts,'' he acknowledged.
Most Americans are sick and tired of endless battles in the Congress and between the branches over budget matters.
A protege of Representative Dan Rostenkowski, the Illinois Democrat who is chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, Mr. Pease said he received Republican support from Senator Bob Dole of Kansas, the Republican leader.
Numerous excellent scoring opportunities again went astray for the Devils, who had 30 shots and managed only the goals by John MacLean and Doug Brown.
The Governor's unusual way of rebuking an opponent has surprised Democrats and made Mr. Bruno a celebrity among Republicans.
This may explain the enthusiasm with which Sam Peckinpah so liberally used violence (a lot of it seen in the poetic terms of slow motion) to dramatize the decline and fall of the Old West.
Intermediate Goods Down Intermediate goods, which are one step further removed from the ultimate user, such as a bag of flour or a bolt of cloth, edged down two-tenths of 1 percent with most categories showing little change.
15 8 5 NOW YOU KNOW, by Kitty Dukakis with Jane Scovell.
''A good publicity man complains about censorship and gets a lot of publicity.''
As the Bush Administration talked tough about Saddam Hussein last week, families of American troops in the Persian Gulf region wondered if the renewed bellicosity signaled danger for their loved ones, who so far have battled only sand, scorpions and restlessness.
'We Shouldn't Neglect Them' Mr. Bush said he had been advised to meet with Mr. Assad by President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt and other officials with whom he had talked over the last week and suggested that the purpose was to reassure Mr. Assad that he is a full partner in the coalition.
The catfish industry has provided some jobs, but high unemployment also persists, and wages rarely exceed the $3.80 Federal minimum wage by more than a dollar.
''I had no idea I would be breaking up bar fights, investigating murders and making reports on assaults.''
"CNN has decided not to appeal," said Terry Bienstock, a lawyer for the network.
Nevertheless, Mr. Abramson is not excited about the takeover prospects in that quarter.
We've flown 50,000 miles since James beat Tyson, and 90 percent of that was to help others.
"The Campas are childlike," the Rev.
To the Editor: Bela Liptak states (letter, Jan. 10) that the Szekelys, the largest ethnic group in Transylvania, ''trace their roots to the imperial Avars (and even to Attila the Hun).''
Really, seven or eight bucks isn't so much for a chance to watch night fall over midtown Manhattan, is it?
The American composer Leonard Bernstein and the Italian film maker Federico Fellini are among the five winners of the 1990 Japanese Praemium Imperiale awards for lifetime achievement in the arts, it was announced at Claridge's Hotel here today.
The mood around the Rangers was one of acute anticipation that the deal, which could include Tony Granato, would be completed as representatives of the league gathered here Sunday afternoon.
Lobster tossed with fettuccine with a tomato and basil broth was an excellent main course; so were the red snapper roasted in a dry skillet and served with vegetable risotto and the filet mignon with a pungent herb puree.
The decline in volume has hurt the markets at the same time that many of their member firms have seen some of their other lines of business virtually collapse.
Senators have asked the House for restraint.
It is this that greets the modern visitor on his way in from the airport.
Robinson, finally able to pitch although still hurting, made five starts in winning games.
Mr. Kenny also said agencies were more willing to accept lesser-known and less-expensive directors.
In 1974 she appeared in "Mack and Mabel," a Broadway show with music and lyrics by Jerry Herman.
In an editorial in the journal, Stefan Bengtson, a paleontologist at Uppsala University in Sweden, calls the finding an ''extraordinary discovery.''
PLEASANTVILLE -- United Methodist Church, 70 Bedford Road.
If the company's expense ratio had been the same as that of its competitors, its earnings last year would have been $86.5 million, or $1.37 a share, instead of its actual profits of $157.9 million, or $2.51 a share.
Surviving are a sister, Nellie Hicks, of Owosso, and several nieces and nephews.
As the population of Azerbaijan remained firmly under the influence of the nationalist front, the central Government raised the possibility of ending the military curfew that has enraged the southern republic's capital city, Baku, and has stiffened the front's demands that Moscow withdraw its troops or face the possibility of secession.
''To my knowledge of all the race films ever made, there's never been this kind of effort to insure authenticity,'' says Bill France, clearly delighted about the movie.
Cunniff, like his players, had trouble hiding his delight at the way the team performed against the North Stars and the Oilers, who, respectively, have the second- and third-best home records in the league.
Very inexpensive devices are available, like the Biofeedback Monitor sold at Radio Shack stores for $13.95, that have gross sensitivity ranges requiring large physiological changes to affect the devices' measurement indicators.
Yet the country is strapped for funds to deal with such issues as drugs, education and public health.''
"This will not be a protracted, drawn-out war."
Film critics have noted that the heroes of some recent movies are devoted to killing as though it were a badge of masculinity; they hardly excuse their violence.
Miss Carothers and Mr. Weaver were joyous lovers.
But if a violin is used, as it must be if Waxman's intentions are to be realized, then one needs a more brilliant, assertive player than Mr. Dicterow.
When a blockage deprives nerve cells of nourishing glucose and oxygen, they may die.
Dr. Spencer is an avid skier and a wind surfer.
Characterizing John F. Kennedy's father as a bootlegger, he knows that ''enough money buys respectability - you can even send your son to the White House.''
The last entries in his dossier, Mr. Hirsch said, were from February 1990, indicating that the Stasi was still hard at work under the Government of Prime Minister Hans Modrow, the Communist who led East Germany until its first free elections in March.
PETER M. JONES New York, Feb. 22, 1990
Tickets, on sale at the box office after June 10 or through CenterCharge (874-6770), are $10-23, or $15-$30 for special events, and $120 for a coupon booklet of eight.
Just when MCA Records has released Oingo Boingo's newest album, ''Dark at the End of the Tunnel,'' Mr. Elfman is composing the score for Warren Beatty's film ''Dick Tracy,'' to be released in the summer.
The British Government today cleared the proposed merger of Sky Television, headed by Rupert Murdoch, and British Satellite Broadcasting.
It is reminiscent of the infamous shuffle just before the last financial crisis in which capital funds were used to defer the city's cash shortfall.
Meanwhile, industry lobbyists are likely to re-assert some of their own complaints.
The Governor's aides insisted today, however, that he had no ulterior motive in agreeing to debate tonight.
He mentioned ''Bonfire of the Vanities'' by TOM WOLFE, which he has been citing as current reading for two years.
He has crowded onto the stage all of the expected memorabilia, including a green-velvet upholstered chaise, a large wardrobe trunk, a Victorian hat rack draped with a feather boa, a patterned Chinese screen and, of course, a large piano.
Now he runs a state welfare system that because of Goldberg v. Kelly holds 800 hearings every working day.
Future subjects include community gardens, flower gardens, seasonal maintenance and caring for trees and shrubs.
Frustrated by the snail's pace, Poland's new Minister of Privatization, Waldemar Kuczynski, hopes now to start selling off companies as fast as he can.
He is survived by his wife, the former Joan Lico; a son, Reid, of Houston; a sister, Carol Swift of Pittsburgh, and two grandchildren.
The Unified Mark Just eight months after the fall of the Berlin wall, East and West Germany plan to unify their currencies.
''Gus Savage is a walking embarrassment to black people,'' Mr. Clay said.
Conferences and seminars addressed such topics as ''Hot Mac-to-Vax issues,'' the Vax being the Digital Equipment Corporation's minicomputer, and ''CL/1: the Key to Macs and the Corporate Database,'' CL/1 being a computer language that allows the Mac to work with mainframes made by the International Business Machines Corporation as well as with Vax computers.
Despite the protests of friends and colleagues who admire his wit, charm and generosity, he has long been tagged as arrogant, impatient and ruthless, whether in exercising power in Washington or in adding to a fortune that Forbes magazine estimated last year at $300 million.
The expansion project, which was financed by the New York City Department of Cultural Affairs and private donations, also included the building of a new education center and renovations to the Palm House, a catering center.
Back in the still cool spring days of October, Mr. Etchegaray organized a party for a visit by the Duchess of York, the former Sarah Ferguson.
To Borrow or Sell Equity?
Mr. Hutton auditioned on a Friday, got the part on Monday and rehearsed with the cast for only two weeks before starting performances.
I HAVEN'T HAD A COACH IN nearly 20 years, and my front crawl is the same as it was when I was 10 years old, which is nothing to brag about.
It's not a free-speech issue, advocates say, just a label that provides consumer information.
Julie Markell Brooks, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Edward Brooks Jr. of St. Paul, Minn., was married there yesterday to Charles Andruss Zelle, a son of Mr. and Mrs. Louis N. Zelle of Minneapolis.
And the company's core textbook publishing business, which accounts for almost half of sales, has suffered problems, particularly in the school division, where the younger Mr. Jovanovich acknowledged that ''the company has not been as innovative as I would like in recent years.''
It will include documents that can contain text, graphics, images and data.
In pictures and from the air, the Bulgarian Black Sea coast looks like a vacationer's paradise.
This one flowers later than the Maytime lilacs and is rich with perfume.
PC Tools Deluxe Version 6 is $149.
You've got your best pitcher.
Speaking for just about everyone, Charlotte Ford, the socialite and etiquette adviser says, ''I like having my little list and crossing items off.
''It's not like retailers, who want to pound you five days a week.
Then again, he wasn't really managing because so many people have so many things to say.
Six years went by before ''L'Atalante'' was recut into a longer version and re-released.
Mrs. Marcos was taken to New York Hospital-Cornell Medical Center, where she remained overnight for observation.
Mr. Hanks gives a carefully thought-out performance that never manages to be more than theoretically comic, since the material is so muddled, a mixture of comedy, fantasy and mock-dirge.
''It's a trade-off,'' he said.
Pizante said that a contract that Chavez signed to fight Taylor on Nov. 11, 1989 gave King no options on Chavez's services.
She is also a granddaughter of Mrs. Grayson M.-P. Murphy of New York and the late Mr. Murphy, a senior partner in the New York law firm of Shearman & Sterling.
A favorite hangout for Mr. Gotti is the Bergin Hunt and Fish Club in Ozone Park, Queens, where law-enforcement officials say the mob stores fireworks and cooks macaroni -- and where Mr. Gotti was heard on wiretaps dispensing etiquette tips to thugs.
Private citizens have little wealth with which to purchase them.
I am fulfilled by relationships with friends, buoyed by my rekindled love for my family and stunned by the miracle of marriage to a good and kind man.
He was director of libraries at the University of Pennsylvania before he came to New York in 1987 to the public library.
He argued that there was no risk of flight by Mr. Gotti, adding, "Your honor, they can't convict him."
Mr. Raeburn says, ''Looking back at 1985, the ranking might have been totally different with different jurors.
There's evidence to back the theory -- three failed marriages, a thousand and three briefer connections, an apparently bottomless capacity for depression and self-contempt.
At Bankers Trust, expenses continued to rise rapidly as management paid high salaries and bonuses to hold the allegiance of traders and corporate finance specialists.
He did by turning Calvin Schiraldi's pitch into a missile.
Also, there is no strong forensic evidence linking the defendants to the crime.
''What good is it having multi-candidate elections if people don't bother to find out the difference between them and to make an intelligent choice?''
Their triumph was safe, but it would be 59, 58, 57 seconds before the tumblers would fall in place and an accomplishment of memorable perfection would be unlocked for the taking.
Automobile employment held steady last month, but construction jobs fell 64,000 after seasonal adjustment because fewer-than-usual winter layoffs left a relatively large number of workers already on construction payrolls, providing little opportunity for new hiring.
''This Government will fall because it is unwilling to introduce a market,'' predicted Igor Gryazin, an Estonian deputy in the Soviet Parliament and a free-market advocate.
Philip had won a horse race at the Pan-Hellennic games of 356 B.C.
On Wednesday, the Republican candidate, Pierre A. Rinfret, waylaid the Democratic candidate, Gov.
But they say much research remains to be done to determine how the protein works.
During the last year, Raymond Levy, chairman and president of Renault, has made it clear that the French company needs a partner.
"Dave Dombrowksi said they were interested in a relief pitcher and I said that had a chance," Schueler said, referring to the Expos' general manager.
''I just wanted to warn you that I love you,'' Angie said.
They have one game remaining, against Austria, next Tuesday night.
This view is supported by a study that is to be released soon by the Urban Research Center at the Robert F. Wagner School of Public Service at N.Y.U.
Events overseas were also the talk of many of the air show's spectators, some of whom were not surprised to see so few aircraft on display.
''It was a big mistake by myself.
But possibilities from Australia, France, California, Oregon and Washington are also available.
ETHEL DUNN Berkeley, Calif., April 4, 1990 The writer has written on the disabled in the Soviet Union and is contributing editor of The Station Relay: Facts and Views on Daily Life in the Soviet Union, a journal.
Prosecutors maintain that Mr. Gotti, as the new leader of the Gambino family, directed members of the Westies to shoot Mr. O'Connor in retaliation for a labor dispute.
Tenafly 275,000 22 Surrey Lane 3-bedroom, 1 1/2-bath, 52-year-old colonial; eat-in-kitchen, fenced yard, c/a; taxes $4,128.
You don't go there every night, for any one of a number of reasons.
At the arraignment in State Supreme Court in Manhattan, supporters of Mr. Kahane, a proponent of a tougher policy against Palestinians, stood on one side of the court shouting, "filthy murderer."
Without working closely with committee chairmen or study groups, Wright pushed his bills through, but at a high price in bruised egos and bitter feelings.
The proposal was not well received by the electorate.
In getting to what is the business equivalent of the on-deck circle, he has overcome problems that sink many entrepreneurs.
These, the National Peasants Party and the National Liberal Party, have reconstituted themselves as an anti-Communist opposition.
The ordinance prohibits entering "any public restroom designated for the exclusive use of the sex opposite to such person's sex .
A20 A tip that a flight crew was drinking should have been enough evidence to stop the flight, the chairman of a Congressional panel said.
Include all pertinent dates, such as when the contract was signed and when your request for a mortgage was denied.
Kaoma's ''Lambada'' outdistances the dozens of competing versions in the way it features the bandoneon accordion as a solo instrument.
* Pancontinental Mining Ltd., Sydney, Australia, said it would sell its Canadian oil interests, reduce debt and refocus on its Australian units.
Representative Ben Jones, a Democrat from suburban Atlanta, did not seem fazed about spending a week instead of a month in his district.
Some Dates Can Be Pinpointed Some experts say the disease progresses more rapidly in older people, and that for them its symptoms may be more severe.
The House measure, which is not nearly as comprehensive as the Senate version, would limit political action committee contributions but would not ban them outright and proposes far looser regulations on soft money.
Another reason for the Administration's relative aplomb about the situation is a feeling that even if Mr. Gorbachev were to be replaced tomorrow, his successor would probably have to pursue a very similar foreign policy.
Experts point to the rising foreign presence in the country's medical journals and at conferences to corroborate this view.
She is sitting in her hotel suite in midtown Manhattan, where she has come from her home in England.
Stay at a bed-and-breakfast and your host regales you with the tale of the descendant who came back to see how time had transformed the old family place into the Pomegranate Inn.
"I'm sorry for any pain I've caused," he told another group.
It was harder to be an African-American in the South or the North, given the prejudices of white society.
The witness, who has not been publicly identified, appeared on ABC Eyewitness News on Friday afternoon, moments after the jury in the Mondello case announced its verdict.
Webster's says a depression is "a period of low economic activity marked esp.
Vladimir Barta, a director of Czechoslovakia's Ministry of Tourism and Commerce, said visitors showing a credit card - they needn't promise to use it - exempted them from the obligation to change any amount at the lower rate.
The author searched for an explanation.
This is at least the third major Federal inquiry into official corruption in the Chicago courts and political system within recent years.
Matif officials say the decision to introduce a currency unit contract reflects the heady growth experienced by the Matif since it opened in 1986 amid a wave of financial deregulation in France.
Industry Called Overextended Some people argue that the ski industry is overextended and that many villages offer skiing at altitudes that are too low to guarantee snow in December and early January.
Masolino's ceiling frescoes and those immediately below them were destroyed and painted over by the Florentine painter Vincenzo Meucci.
''We probably need to see a good round of inflation numbers for February before we can get out of these ranges,'' he said.
In one, Diane A. Keane, now the Board's Republican majority leader, beat Elaine Price ''by a few hundred votes,'' Mr. Mehiel said, while Naomi C. Matusow lost to Edward J. Brady, then the Board chairman and a 17-year incumbent, by about 650 votes.
He fails to note that TNT was added at the expense of WEBK, Boston, a station with greater diversification than TNT, but a station that competes with Cablevision-owned programming.
And to judge by the parade of admiring reviews and lavish magazine profiles, she has largely succeeded.
In addition, Mr. Spielvogel said companies based in Asia were seeking American agencies to help them expand into other regions.
So Henefeld decided to try to sell himself.
Imports had accounted for 46 percent of consumption in May 1989 and 47 percent in April this year.
Joseph Harris, a co-producer, says: "We'll be taking formal surveys during Christmas week to get the exact numbers, but the audience has already gone from about 10 percent Asian to almost 20 percent.
But a senior Administration official attacked the Democrats, asserting they had forced the President to raise taxes.
But by the day we dedicated the building, it was completely paid for.''
It provides job-hunting assistance, with help in conducting interviews, filling out applications, writing resumes and negotiating on the telephone.
In mid-November, the Fiesta Bowl organizers offered to award $100,000 minority scholarships to each of the two universities fielding football teams in the New Year's Day game, and to name the scholarships in honor of Dr. King.
First tastes are nostalgic: a complimentary relish tray one evening, a plate of canapes another.
b-After income of $123,000, or 2 cents a share, for the quarter and a loss of $2,254,000 for the year, both from discontinued operations.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* First Colonial Bankshares (OTC) Qtr to Dec 31 1989 1988 Net inc 3,476,000 3,307,600 Per share .39 .39 Year net inc 11,817,600 10,735,100 Per share 1.33 1.26 View Full Article in Timesmachine »
The hotel is also counting heavily on two Boston-area travel agencies, which traditionally fly in scores of dyed-in-the-wool Red Sox fans.
Earlier this year, American Brands bought Whyte & Mackay, a British-based spirits company, for about $270 milliion, acquired worldwide rights to Vladivar vodka for $54 million, and bought Hetzel & Company, a West German office supply company concern, for an undisclosed price.
The taboos she breaks are rooted in familiar ideas, but to Miss Chouinard these concepts are best conveyed visually and emotionally, in a startlingly fantastic realm.
He went on, ''When I wrote the film, I wanted to put in how black artists had to fight against being exploited.''
''It's not only appropriate for people in Boston and around the country to participate in this campaign,'' he said, ''it's irresponsible not to.''
Mr. Ferrer, whose legal counsel first raised the idea of some sort of contribution, rejected the money, saying he's not for sale.
Other new drugs attack at two other steps in the life cycle.
Democrats treated it as if it were their own organizing rally, while Republicans, showing how worried they are by the issue, worked to insulate themselves from a public perception that they are less environmentally committed.
RASPBERRY SAUCE 1 pint fresh raspberries or 1 10-ounce package frozen Juice of 1/2 lemon 1/4 or 1/2 cup sugar 2 tablespoons Grand Marnier.
Nash's verse will be read by Jeremy Irons and Glenn Close to a score by Camille Saint-Saens.
You only hoped you could get a hand where you could use the new toy.''
The executive proposes and the legislature disposes.
Jimmy Rodgers, the Celtics' coach, said: ''We've had our turn at being embarrassed.
Public performances began Thursday and end today.
12 2 THE CAPTIVE, by Victoria Holt.
He was an authority on early Irish Christianity and the author of many scholarly works.
That amount is the largest civil penalty ever paid in a lawsuit brought by a citizens' group against a company accused of water polluting, said Stephan C. Volker, an attorney for the Sierra Club Legal Defense Fund, which filed the suit along with the California Regional Water Quality Control Board for San Francisco, a state agency.
Make the Donor Feel Important But the trips underscore a new reality: the self-enclosed world of politician and moneyed supporter.
It would have been useful, for example, to incorporate two separate video tuners.
Carew, in conversation, reached for the butter and stopped, his knife and his sentence suspended.
Even the hardest of the hard-liners would think twice about such action.
In 1962 Attorney General Kennedy appointed Mr. Sheridan his special assistant.
How this Administration ultimately fares in reading the Arab world remains to be seen.
In the office of the House Republican leader, Robert H. Michel of Illinois, the scene was barely controlled chaos as rumors flew that Democratic leaders might be willing to make a side deal with rebellious liberals in their own party and come up with enough extra votes to pass the budget even if the Republicans were unable to deliver a majority of their party members.
Also like Mr. Gorbachev, who has shown some of the old Kremlin reflexes in his recent actions in Lithuania, Mr. de Klerk has perplexed supporters and opponents alike, who wonder where he will call a halt to the scrapping of old policies.
Joan Rivers bought a Paloma Picasso scarf, while begging the photographers to shoot her "from far away."
''Market circumstances - as well as Federated's own financial status - have changed significantly since we offered Bloomingdale's for sale,'' said a statement quoting Allen I. Questrom and James M. Zimmerman, Federated's chairman and president, respectively.
Maybe I was still too keyed up from driving my souped-up Diablo into the San Luis Reservoir.
The 1986 Vintage Select is something of a departure.
Songwriters, screenwriters and playwrights long ago established routine industry programs for verifying royalties, he said.
When the soldiers fired into the air, he said, the crowd stood its ground and chanted ''Freedom!
Though martial law was lifted three years ago, the Government has still enjoyed broad and unchecked powers under a series of ''temporary provisions'' enacted as the Nationalists were beating a retreat to Taiwan.
Mr. Sumter also voluntarily testified before a grand jury.
The request was made one morning at the Pentagon swimming pool, Mr. Harwit said.
Rooms $95 to $245; suites $300 to 475, until April 26.
Revenues totaled $257.5 million, compared with $269.2 million a year earlier.
Last March, that same management tried to raise $136 million in an initial public offering of stock the company hoped to sell for $14 to $16 a share.
Zou Jiahua, the chief of the State Planning Commission, has called for ''emergency measures'' to reverse the protectionism.
A graduate of Connecticut College, she has a master's in urban planning from Hunter College.
There was the state tax commissioner, John G. Groppo, who resigned in 1987 after attempting to embarrass a Republican lawmaker with a secret tax file.
The expedition was intended to generate support for Antarctica's preservation and to demonstrate the power of international cooperation.
We see war as a figment of exuberant childhood fantasy and as the most devasting of man's diseases, all within a peculiarly pastoral framework.
''Last year, sales increased 10 times.''
Milwaukee beat the Yankees in seven games.
President Bush, who is vacationing at Kennebunkport, Me., plans to spend parts of Tuesday and Wednesday in Washington for detailed briefings on the situation in the Persian Gulf and for meetings with aides on the budget, aides said.
In 1987, he established a treatment program for pathological gamblers at Charter Hospital in Las Vegas, Nev.
In September 1988, Christina Rodriguez attended what was advertised as a Bible study meeting.
She wore a pink sprig in her lapel.
Larry A. Silverstein Showing Bruises, But Surviving Larry A. Silverstein is a bruised combatant in the Manhattan real estate slump, but is a survivor so far.
With one out and Billy Hatcher at first base with his eighth hit of the Series, O'Neill rapped a ground ball to first.
He became manager in 1984 and was named planning director in 1986.
Ms. Willan said the proposed change might accord the winning books more recognition.
First Executive would probably then have to find a merger partner to bring in more capital or, failing that, could face a regulatory takeover.
The letter did not say which documents were suspect, nor did it describe the nature of the alleged falsifications.
New Jersey, which connected on 11 of its first 24 shots from the field, led by 29-15 when Chris Morris followed a missed shot by Jack Haley, and, with both hands, jammed the ball through the net.
The police said that the closets in the apartment had been rifled and that no guns or shell casings had been found.
In its study, which is conducted annually, Arthur Andersen surveyed 236 oil companies that file disclosure statements with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
But since the new centers will not be encumbered by mortgages, he said, "It will be easier for them to operate and establish reasonable fees."
Results are in Canadian dollars.
A consumer would heat the cookie in a microwave oven, causing the filling to expand and push upward through small openings in the cookie's top.
They are also sold at Big D's IGA, 475 Fairlawn Parkway, Saddle Brook, N.J., for $2.59; J&G Fruit and Vegetable, 502 New Rochelle Road, Bronxville, N.Y., for $2.65; Foodtown, 444 Woodbury Road, Plainview, L.I., for $2.19 and Bridgehampton Ice-Cream and Yogurt Shop, Main Street, Bridgehampton, L.I., for $4.25.
Seven years ago the Partnership invited modular builders from all over the country to come to New York City and was turned down by all except DeLuxe.
We talked over the lizard, and later we started rehearsing at the old Five Spot, when it was on the Bowery.''
In Aqaba, a resort town on the Red Sea, a hotelier, a native Jordanian, is not so sure he agrees.
Seeing the Custom House in functioning order - a Customs officer worked there as recently as last December - is an argument for restoring other custom houses along the coast for maritime use, even if only for regulating pleasure craft.
The yield on 30-year Treasury bonds is now 8.93 percent, a bit below where it was a month ago.
Each of the three characters has a disparate response.
Even in relatively mild cold weather, when temperatures are in the 60's, the body temperature of an older person can drop dangerously low.
It was decided on big plays.
Among his exhibits will be a collection of World War I posters, ranging in price from $250 to $1,800; old travel posters; a circa 1905 O'Galop Michelin design ($1,450), and, he said, designs by Toulouse-Lautrec, Leonetto Capiello, Jules Cheret and Bernard Villemot, priced at $2,000 and up.
From time to time they would all flop into the water, sending waves of spray into the air.
He pushed Steven Spielberg to direct it, and asked Oprah Winfrey, who had never acted before but whose performance would win an Academy Award nomination, to play a leading role.
He said, ''I am reminded of what one of his friends once said about the movie star Errol Flynn: 'You know where you stand with Errol.
Mr. and Mrs. Martin Donner of Pearl River, N.Y., have announced the engagement of their daughter, Amy Lynn Donner, to David Allen Mann, a son of Dr. and Mrs. Ronald L. Mann of Jamesville, N.Y. A spring 1992 wedding is planned.
Henry Marsh, the world's leading steeplechase runner of the 1980's, said yesterday that he was about to be suspended for two years for failure to report for a drug test.
The setting is spacious, with Provencal touches.
Symphonic history of the Roanoke Island settlement.
Cape May, a National Historic Landmark, is made for strolling, for porch-sitting, for steeping oneself in the atmosphere of another era.
But Mr. Voinovich painted him as a waffler and tried to assure Ohio voters he did not plan to impose his personal opposition to abortion on the state.
The Associated Press poll of writers and broadcasters and the United Press International poll of coaches agreed yesterday that the New Year's night game in the Orange Bowl between Notre Dame and Colorado would be between the No.
Reed Birney fails to redeem him with a rejected son's or a analytical writer's pained intensity.
Her father is a senior partner in the law firm of Morris Nichols Arsht & Tunnell in Wilmington and the vice chairman of the board of Princeton Theological Seminary.
Foremen have ceded traditional prerogatives of authority to hourly workers.
It is uncertain who will be Interior Minister, the Government's top law enforcement official.
Reisch's allegation of being raped by ex-con Nathan Giles, after he had broken into her apartment, was problematic.
''Can you imagine, I beat Steinlen?''
Mr. Stankevich and others sense that a move will be made to amend this to a shorter cycle once Mr. Gorbachev is more fully free of the Communist Party.
500 declines 12 points, the circuit breaker goes into effect and trades in stock-index futures cannot be made below that level for 30 minutes.
The United States today hailed Moscow's reported decision to ease its economic sanctions against Lithuania, and President Bush called President Mikhail S. Gorbachev's talks with Baltic leaders a ''significant change'' that could help end the Baltic crisis.
Several lawmakers and other officials here said that for any of the proposals to become law this year, Mr. Cuomo would have to quickly embrace them and make them a priority in the closing months of the legislative session, expected to end in July.
But in the budget dispute in Washington, Mr. Voinovich may have been dealt a troublesome wild card, as many reports of the rancorous battle over taxes have cast the Republicans as protectors of the rich.
Mr. Bush said that he had nevertheless voted to approve Silverado's loans to Mr. Walters.
The economic problems that Mr. de Maiziere referred to are a matter of dispute.
Dr. Vaillant said that the most giving at middle age generally had also been the ones who threw themselves most intensely into developing their careers earlier in life, and that those who had consolidated their careers and found a stable marriage were most able to be giving in middle age.
In a race that both major national political parties have given top priority, Mr. Brown is challenged by Robert L. Hammock, a 49-year-old moderate Republican who has been a San Bernardino County supervisor since 1977.
My main concern now is that we keep winning.''
Fred Severud, a civil engineer whose work included the structural design of Madison Square Garden and the Gateway Arch in St. Louis, died on Monday at his home in Miami.
Most players would choose to open the South hand with one spade and it is then hard to put on the brakes below the slam level.
Diving and leaping, his dreadlocks flying wildly, Noah is sending a buzz through the Australian Open equal to the excitement about the rejuvenation of John McEnroe.
21 Arizona's inside strength and led the Blue Devils to a 78-76 victory today.
Credit Sought Alan Lucier, a forestry specialist with the paper industry, said the companies deserved some environmental credit for growing trees on worn out farmland and managing them for faster growth.
I do not think it will, because Communism in China came from within, it was a national movement.
If a company had to wait until its financial condition was in a state of emergency, it is not likely that it would be able to borrow necessary funds to save itself and the jobs of its employees.
The second Duncan generation consisted of the Isadorables (Anna, Irma, Maria-Theresa, Lisa, Erica, Margot) and Anita Zahn, the pupil of Elizabeth Duncan, Isadora's sister.
She said she does this every day so he can go to school.
Wandering through the evening is a buffoon, who comments on the action with pronouncements like "God is an omnipotent waiter."
Three Quick Goals Gilhen's goal capped a comeback that started in the second period, after the Islanders took a 3-0 lead on first-period goals by Pat LaFontaine, who scored on a power play, Don Maloney and Derek Laxdal.
Pennsylvania Philadelphia, Saturday through May 13 - Philadelphia Open House, which features 38 tours of the city and its gardens, is sponsored by the Friends of Independence National Historical Park.
That seems to be her way.
But not before the Bruins went up, 3-1, at 5:55 of the second period when Bob Sweeney flipped a high shot over Fitzpatrick and Doug Crossman, both of whom were temporarily sitting in the crease.
Like the other critics - representatives of six publications in the United States and one from The Sunday Tribune in Dublin - I wrote a review right after each performance.
Deposit Ticket, a son of Northern Baby and the Mr. Prospector mare Propositioning, has won the Hollywood Juvenile Championship in California, the Sapling at Monmouth and the Hopeful, the year's first Grade I race for 2-year-olds, in his last three starts.
The Social Democrats favor a more gradual approach.
Doug and Susie Tompkins, who have each owned half the company and are in the process of getting a divorce, have feuded for years about the future of the company.
It now seems likely that a third of the branches will be unable to meet the stated goal of staying open five days a week.
''Last year,'' Shurmur said, ''he became a catalyst defensively.''
''People don't like paying for what they don't use,'' he said.
In addition to non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, the cancers studied were soft tissue sarcoma, Hodgkin's disease, liver malignancy, nasal cancer and nasopharyngeal cancer.
Carson also went to the playoffs with Jets.
In a statement this evening, Serbia's government condemned the alternative constitution as illegal and a serious threat to Yugoslavia's security.
What is more, the symbols, icons and visual metaphors used in the Mac interface seem more intuitive than the ones used in Windows.
Todd Burns (1-0) relieved Curt Young, the starter, in the fifth, when the Blue Jays scored four runs to take a 5-3 lead.
A member of the board and an artist who supports Mr. Armstrong said assertions of anti-Semitism had figured in the discussions - assertions they dismissed.
Steep for about one hour at room temperature.
Cars and mass transit are both here to stay, but neither one is the best possible answer to some of the important travel needs of today's cities.
''Despite the auctions this week, it doesn't seem like the Street has many securities on its books.''
Another Pentagon official said the tanker had already entered the Gulf of Oman and was heading southeast, toward the Indian Ocean.
For Russian avant-garde architecture is what primarily inspired Deconstructivism; the name of this trendy style of our day is even a play on Constructivism, the school within the Russian avant-garde that emphasized clarity of structure.
The lower courts are divided over whether this is a permissible use of the Federal bankruptcy law.
Successive singles by Jim Gantner, Gary Sheffield and Parker, combined with a fielding error by Roberto Kelly, accounted for a couple of runs.
Ward at $25,000 a day.
That cachet was, to a great extent, a reflection of the company's founder, John Hill.
That is what Prime Minister Tadeusz Mazowiecki of Poland did last week when he said the two Germanys should agree to a preunification peace treaty guaranteeing the Polish-German border.
Out of Saudi Arabia'' ones seen elsewhere are nowhere to be found.
And this sport is a perfect way to spend a few hours on a nasty winter day.
This could mean sales in the market or sales to other governments.
World premiere of Edward Garza's Three Psalms for soprano and trumpet; works by Bach, Handel, Wolf and Strauss; Judith Otten, soprano; Wade Weast, trumpeter; Donald Joyce, organist and pianist, 2:30 P.M. Information: (212) 787-0517.
The lawyer is Stewart Rabinowitz of the law firm Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison.
Among the important early pieces is a small bowl in Dutch styling from 1700, a previously unknown work by Jacob Boelen of New York.
Higher interest rates played a role in the drop, which left the index down 3.6 percent so far in 1990.
A Public Service Commission audit found that New York Telephone overpaid the purchasing division of its parent, Nynex.
As luck would have it, the firm of Kronish, Lieb, Weiner & Hellman was looking for a new trusts and estates lawyer.
Anxiety was highest among groups, and in regions, that are most strongly Democratic, just as regional downturns have been worst in traditional Democratic strongholds like the Northeast.
In doing so they passed up the Italian works for which the museum is best known, including Titian's ''Rape of Europa,'' which has been called ''arguably the greatest painting in America'' by Peter C. Sutton of the Museum of Fine Arts in Boston.
The ''American Masters'' show (through June 23) presents 52 works by 32 artists who range, alphabetically, from Carl Andre to Tom Wesselmann, with Jasper Johns, Donald Judd, Frank Stella, Andy Warhol and some of the other usual suspects in the interim.
Mr. Wojnilower said both kinds of restraint tend to slow economic growth.
Credit cards accepted; shipping can be arranged.
"I am very disappointed for myself and for the team.
Joe's mother is flagrantly provoking him.
Now, military analysts jokingly ask each other if they expect to keep their jobs much longer.
It is incumbent upon all leaders in South Africa to bring to fulfillment these reasonable aspirations of all our people.
But rapid growth has its price.
The chief mate of the Exxon Valdez testified today that he had warned Capt.
With their spectacularly rich colors and radiant images, the artist's paintings were, in fact, metaphors for this declining city's idealized self-image as a place of opulence and extravagance.
In a videotape that describes the program, one scene shows a teacher in a Brooklyn classroom asking students to describe common stereotypes.
It is a slow-starting mild satire of television, which becomes an energetic and congenial farce.
''You're the Top: The Cole Porter Story'' offers a portrait of a man who gave his talent to his life, his genius to his work.
''I don't think we've got to the point where we're cocky,'' said Neely, who has 7 goals and 15 points in the playoffs to date.
Six minutes into the second half, the Italian coach sent in Aldo Serena for the first time in four games.
For Mr. Adedokian, that is scant consolation.
To the Sports Editor: While we had a lockout in major league baseball, the National Football League was improving its product, especially because of new television contracts, by adding two teams in the playoffs.
I cross the street, push open the iron gate to the park and sit on one of the benches.
We've never sentenced policemen to death,'' Inkatha was not to blame for the war, he said, but ''I wouldn't dismiss the possibility of people revenging themselves.''
Bild, the West German daily newspaper, asked the East German Christian Democratic leader, Lothar de Maiziere, whether his party would remain in the coalition if the security force was established before the May 6 elections.
The actions of both the Export-Import Bank and the World Bank come against a backdrop of sharp Congressional criticism of the Administration's policies on China.
Until 1871, each stock was called in turn by officials, and all trading in that issue was conducted before the exchange turned to another stock.
As a result, cellular phone company stocks on average have lost half their value since the middle of last year.
"Mercer is young, he's hungry, and he's got a tremendous right hand," said Branchini.
The bill is full of quirks and half steps.
Nabholz, after scratching his head and searching his memory, said that to the best of his recollection it was his only complete game at any level this season and the most effective outing he'd turned in since he turned professional.
Antoine's sits serenely between the writhing dancers of Bourbon Street and the antiques shops and art galleries of Royal Street, amid iron lace balconies and a constant flow of tourists.
Here in Oakland, the employment issue is especially important because of the steady erosion of industry that has cost Oakland 25,000 manufacturing jobs in the last decade.
"When the city air we were running from caught up with us, "when the traffic bogged down, when the garbage became so great in quantity that we didn't know what to do any more, we looked around and realized we were on an island," said Richard Amper, executive director of the Long Island Pine Barrens Society, an environmental group.
Call for information and best viewing locations: 401-849-3060.
The President, who was wounded at nearby Esnes-en-Argonnein World War II, called the idea "very interesting."
''Stormy Monday'' told atale of violence and double-crosses in the jazz club world of Newcastle in northern England, while ''Internal Affairs'' is concerned with corruption eating away at the Los Angeles Police Department.
The suit seeks a legal judgment against the bureau as well as back pay for agents currently employed at the agency and for as many as 300 people who, the suit says, have sought and been denied employment by the bureau.
The dollar still closed at 1.5875 against the mark, its second-lowest level since the war.
The tension between City Hall and the strong-willed Mr. Fernandez has put many of the board's members in a bind, none more so than the chairman, Dr. Baker.
Only 4 percent said they thought it was getting better.
Over a country backbeat on ''Days That Used to Be,'' Mr. Young sings: There's very few of us left my friend From the days that used to be Seemed like such a simple thing to follow one's own dreams .
fund's assets were told in recent days that the company is planning to shift some of its assets out of other securities and into the high-yield securities because junk bond prices have fallen to what G.M.
April 2, 1982 Argentine forces invade the Falkland Islands, a British colony claimed by Argentina.
He is to be tried in Florida on drug-trafficking charges.
But Mrs. Hartung said it would be just as easy for an Idaho woman to get an abortion in neighboring Washington, Oregon or Montana, where polls have shown a majority preference for legalized abortion.
Under its current regulations, debt rescheduling is not allowed by the World Bank, which makes low-interest development loans to poor countries.
Therefore 100 years of clearly expressed majority opinion in one part of Ireland favoring the British Union of 1801 is as nothing contrasted with the ''natural rights'' of the Irish nation, which is seen as co-terminous with its island.
Her life-size ''$7,600.00 Reagan Era Heyday of Military Spending Coffee Pot'' accurately conjoins the Pentagon and the obsession with the latest in designer objects.
Besides the 3,500 apartments that have been completed and the 14,700 that are under construction, most of the 18,000 apartments that are in development have city money committed for them, said Felice Michetti, who was appointed Housing Commissioner last month.
The $700,000 production has 14 new songs, will be directed by Susan Einhorn, and will have a pre-New York run in Boston in September.
Results are in Canadian dollars.
Cannot Compete Successfully But an almost exclusive reliance on the free market came up against a major obstacle, one quite apart from guns.
They can also play old games: throw corn-cob darts through the spokes of wagon wheels, for instance, walk on stilts, roll wooden hoops, toss beanbags and figure out how to separate and rejoin interlocking nails.
Miss Kawashima and the chamberlain barely had room to bow to each other.
The Civic Center is on Harding Road off Exit 5 of Interstate 95.
A12 Regional B1-3 Condoms may be given to students in New York City schools.
And the final three games of the season will be played on the road - in Pittsburgh.
Controlling of Inventories Seen "It is encouraging that industrial production is dropping so sharply because it suggests that people are controlling their inventories very tightly," said David A. Wyss, chief financial economist at DRI McGraw Hill.
It is scheduled to end, also in Lima, on May 5 after a 10,000-kilometer run through Chile, Argentina, Paraguay and Bolivia.
'A Stinking, Unresolved Mess' ''There's a feeling among some that the Bush people were handed a stinking, unresolved mess by the Reagan White House,'' an Administration official said this week.
A10 The European Community's meeting in Dublin will underline Margaret Thatcher's continued skepticism of the prospects of economic or political union, even as Chancellor Helmut Kohl and President Franc,ois Mitterrand press ahead.
''He's taken six weeks of very negative advertising on taxes, the death penalty and abortion, and the fact that the race is still deadlocked where it was has got to be of great concern to the Helms organization,'' said Anita Dunn, a spokeswoman for the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee.
This is a man who built a legitimate business by almost entirely lawful means.
The five members of the singing group, in words and pictures.
I know how they feel.''
She named her diary after Diana Adams, the Balanchine dancer who had spotted her on a scouting trip to Cincinnati, recommended her to the boss and continued to encourage her.
Michael Joseph, the lawyer for Mr. McCray, and Peter Rivera, the lawyer for Mr. Santana, both asked the jurors to keep their minds open.
More deals are likely as Soviet research institutes forge links with marketing organizations in this country.
But he said at a separate meeting today that his side did not agree on how the money needed to carry out the extension could be guaranteed and that more time was needed to study the issue.
Consent would not be required in cases involving victims of incest or rape.
We don't see any immediate linkage.''
Prosecutors say they have not been able to file charges against Mr. McMillan for the missing infants because the bodies have never been found.
''It's certainly an important step in the right direction, but whether it takes us to a consensus on defense numbers remains to be seen,'' he said.
said Chang-Lin Tien, Berkeley's new chancellor.
Both companies have set up toll-free telephone numbers in foreign countries that automatically connect callers to a United States operator.
The British retailer said it would sell 35.2 million newly issued shares of its stock to the Aeon Group of Japan for $:29.9 million.
Or, like Dr. Opella, they are single.
computer business at the auto maker's Electronic Data Systems Corporation subsidiary.
Older consumers are experienced shoppers, and respond best to claims backed by facts.
Hikers should take snacks, water and raingear and should be prepared for cool winds on the summit; night hikers must take flashlights.
While most of her 57 movies may have been mediocre, and many remain hard to locate or lost forever, a handful possess cult interest, such as "Lorna Doone" or "The Iron Horse," which was directed by John Ford.
Two-Thirds of Combat Marines Once the Marine reinforcements arrive, some two-thirds of all Marine Corps combat units will be deployed in the gulf region.
He has since been advocating that some of the funds that government and nonprofit agencies have at their disposal to buy land for conservation might more effectively be spent helping cash-poor landowners set up conservation easements.
There are no simple solutions.
Their two adopted children -- a son and a daughter -- and Mr. Ershad's mother-in-law were allowed to accompany them into detention at the former British High Commissioner's residence.
''I was fated to be world champion,'' he explains, with an odd but characteristic mixture of forcefulness and merriment.
''I came to Cincinnati to do a good job because I'm confident I can,'' he said.
The Government's chief medical officer, Sir Donald Acheson, said in a statement that he had checked with leading scientific and medical experts and that British beef was safe.
A typical pattern of the Steinitz Defense Deferred against the Ruy Lopez can be seen after 7 .
You're doing fine,'' he said.
''Guy and I are close.
Breakfast here is plainer than in most places, but the fruit and bread are fresh, and there is an informed choice of blues music, and posters listing cultural events.
With the issue of Mr. Reagan's appearance as a witness settled, Judge Greene seemed unwilling to press the former President further to turn over excerpts of his diaries to Mr. Poindexter.
But the idea was never fully embraced by other Communist parties in the region.
Her father inherited the farm from his father, who was given the land by the Government after World War II.
An official of the Trump organization indicated that if the New Jersey Casino Control Commission approved, they would replace the Taj Mahal's president and chief operating officer, Walter J. Haybert.
He is correct up to a point: that is, to the point at which one considers the gargantuan presence of Mr. Depardieu.
His finding of obscenity was based on a three part judicial standard.
Another is a snug black cotton-Lycra stretchy dress by Helios that is cut high in front and low in back, with a scattering of pearls across the bodice, back and sleeves ($177).
Before going to Washington to join the commission - which serves as the Government's fact-finder in cases brought by industries seeking protection from overseas competition - Mr. Eckes had taught history at Ohio State University in Columbus and had been the editorial-page editor of The Columbus Dispatch.
The independent officers would be paid by the fund; the money would come from reducing the fee paid to the sponsor for its investment management services.
That's part of the trouble with the light-year.
This was the first of three consecutive days on which coaches and players would be available for interviews.
''And his wife answered the phone, and I told her.
They traveled 4.5 million miles.
For most of this century, whites sought desperately to avoid contact with blacks in swimming pools.
Before dawn, I'm on a bus to Kurdistan, a 17-hour round trip through bleak desert terrain that for long stretches seems to have been turned into a military camp.
''Nobody wants the claims issue to complicate the unification process,'' the State Department official pointed out.
In traditional stagings of "Hamlet," Mr. Lord said, Ophelia is denied the chance that Hamlet has to muse and explore her thoughts.
For more than two decades after the Communists won control of the mainland, the U.S. insisted that Mao Zedong's regime was an extension of Soviet power, with the real China temporarily camped in Taiwan.
"Distillation has been around a long time; the only problem is cost," said Gary M. Snyder, the district's assistant chief engineer.
A memorial service for Jack Gilford, who died on June 4, will be held Thursday at 1 P.M. at the Plymouth Theater.
The issue of Federal support of the arts is one of the most contentious in Congress.
Although the Hamlet Challenge has drawn players eager to tune up for the U.S. Open in Flushing, Queens, the following week, the results did not count toward a player's professional standing.
''Guests and delivery men were always getting lost,'' Mr. McElroy said.
After high school came the Army, and after the war, college: a major in English and the exhilaration of winning, along with my B.A., a writing prize.
b-Net income Year-ago figures are restated to reflect discontinued operations.
Marilyn Seaman Pickett and William Irving Hollingsworth 3d were married yesterday at the home of her father, Alfred Jarvis Seaman Jr., in Upper Brookville, L.I.
Dr. Henry Fleck, a former professor of medicine at Albert Einstein College of Medicine, died of a heart attack on Friday at Montefiore Medical Center.
At times, indeed, one suspects that Noll's greatest fear is of manifesting - whether to friends, relatives, the blank page or even himself - normal human signs of anxiety, vacillation or vulnerability.
How much does creativity really matter?''
I can count perhaps a half-dozen different versions of the tree that have found favor in this corner of New England alone, starting with that of the Indians.
''It's good and it's strong,'' he said.
But the abrupt halt to racing shifted the emphasis to design, and that was not all bad.
Historically, of course, it has been occupied only by sensitive souls.
"Since there weren't many alternatives in Nassau, I suggested they take a look at sites in Suffolk," said Computer Associates' broker, August A. DiRenzo, executive vice president of Cushman & Wakefield.
Two hundred of them, under the variant name GH N-45, were shipped to Iraq from Austria via Jordan in 1985.
Others are unreconstructed individualists who bring the freedom from restraint they had in their private, single-family houses to the group living of a condominium, where a home is a castle only from the wallpaper in and where an owner trades freedom from yardwork and other maintenance chores for a bondage to rules governing everything from barbecues to boats, flower boxes to flagpoles.
That amounts to $146.5 million for 1990.
''Successful expatriates without a safe landing place back home make excellent candidates for job searches,'' said Charles E. Maschal, president of the National Association of Executive Recruiters.
The restaurant, which is divided into smoking and nonsmoking sections, has a sizable bar with tables; all rooms have large windows and water views.
* Mitsubishi Motors Corp., Tokyo, Japan, said it would buy manual transmissions from Getrag Betriebe und Zahnradfabrik G.m.b.H.
'The Enemy Men Depicted' Only the fourth scene is of a battle against any enemy without a fortified town.
Asked about the defenses in place at the oil operations, Commander Elles said, ''One bomb in the right place obviously would create a lot of problems.''
The smaller number of minority students graduating from high school compounds the problem, Mr. Whitlatch said.
Dykstra followed with a single to right that fell in front of Strawberry, and the Mets fell one run down.
In painting, at the highest level, it went out with Degas.
The recipes in the cookbook section are burdened with titles like ''Pat's Perky Popovers.''
"There was such keen competition in calculators that it forced improvements in ways that laboratory research never could," said Atsushi Asada, Sharp's senior executive vice president and its head of research.
In addition, he said, television writers have come to view the Fox shows as the cutting edge in comedy.
Another voter, in spidery script, wrote: "The rest of the museum concentrates on the aristocratic/upper-middle-class experience.
Bhutto's Husband Elected Mr. Zardari, who is in custody in Karachi on charges of kidnapping and extortion, was elected from a safe Bhutto family seat in the city that wife vacated at the last moment.
Race as a Message One apparent benefactor of a black shift toward Republicans was Gov.
The night air smelled of sausages and peppers; my mouth tasted of cannoli, and I never left the fairgrounds - the surrounds of a church built by immigrants and named for an Old Country saint - without thinking that evenings like these were why I lived in New York.
When Ewing returned for the start of the final period, the Knicks were ahead, 81-79.
Everything I have hoped for would be put into question.
If the financial industry were restructured along those lines, firms like Drexel could gain the right to rely on the Fed to provide a safety net.
I think I suffer as well whenever anything dies here.''
''I clutch my purse every day in Paris guarding it against the bands in the street and I pace myself there the way I do here: I don't go out for a walk in the middle of the night.
The House panel's cable bill is a setback, however, for the direct broadcast satellite industry, which proposes to send programs via satellite directly to homes with special antennas, bypassing cable systems.
On April 15, 1912, the Titanic sank on its maiden voyage from Southampton, England, to New York.
Meanwhile the adolescent pregnancy rate has climbed steadily in the last six years.
We in ''this proud institution'' believe we are going to do very well in the increasingly global world economy.
West African officials acknowledged that the air raids were evidence that their troops had begun to take a more aggressive role in the nine-month-long civil war.
Pushing Backward Capriati pummeled the ball just as hard as ever and aimed for winners whenever she found an opening, but today she performed the role of the orchestra while Graf conducted.
The surrender of Gen. Michel Aoun in the face of a Syrian military assault on his East Beirut bunker Saturday makes the Lebanese Army militia leader the first Arab political domino to tumble as a result of the 10-week-old Persian Gulf crisis.
In the 11 other World Cup cities the airports, especially those in Bari, Cagliari and Turin, have been expanded, railroad stations modernized, new streets and underpasses built and parking areas created.
D'Parrot, Dr. Bobby A. and Senator to Be complete the field, though the latter colt is cross-entered in tomorrow's Pennsylvania Derby.
''Not only are there significant and complex tax, legal and business issues involved in a spinoff, but the timing of any such restructuring effort is critical.''
When Mr. Havel was informed that Beckett was dying in Paris, he was deeply moved and spoke of visiting him after the question of the Czechoslovak presidency was resolved.
The remaining $440 million in two-year bonds were priced to yield 8.60 percent, or about 7 basis points more than Treasuries.
Mr. Rodriguez Gacha is believed to have orchestrated a bombing campaign for the Extraditables last fall.
FRESH from their triumphs in Eastern Europe, free-market economists are pushing market solutions for problems closer to home.
Probably the biggest reason why this oil supply disruption will not do as much damage as previous ones is that prices have risen far less, on a percentage basis.
They are right in a way, because the village is scarcely as attractive as Poros Town, and they're wrong, very wrong.
On Friday, SmithKline closed at $40.75, up $1, while Warner-Lambert was at $103, up $1.875.
''Nobody has ever established that the Government has a claim on activities not involving the Defense Department,'' Mr. Schwartz said.
Against the Lakers, the Knicks got another big-game performance from Patrick Ewing: 27 points, 14 rebounds, 6 assists and 3 blocked shots.
Other works were less successful.
He denied charges that he or his wife, Margot, had enriched themselves or their associates, saying: "We did not lead a life of luxury and we do not have a bank account in Switzerland."
Over the last decade, it has been one of the most aggressive developers of hotels, due in large part to its practice of selling its properties as soon as they are built to investors, who pay Marriott a one-time development fee and an annual fee to manage the hotel.
The walls of Mr. Martin's hospital room are covered with cards and letters from fellow runners, sportswriters and other well-wishers.
The small San Francisco ad agency won the National Basketball Association account.
In 25 percent of hospitals, those whose tests are negative for the virus are never told.
staff member who consults in Washington.
THE nation's 1991 deficit-reduction package will make real estate a slightly less attractive tax shelter for the most affluent families while continuing incentives for low-income housing, according to accountants and tax experts.
The governing party and the conservatives together have 364 of the 500 congressional seats.
''It may sound arrogant, but I think that way down deep, George knows that I'm going to give him a fair shot,'' Vincent said.
The Long Walk Home Directed by Richard Pearce; screenplay by John Cork; director of photography, Roger Deakins; edited by Bill Yahraus; music by George Fenton; production designer, Blake Russell; produced by Howard W. Koch Jr. and Dave Bell; released by Miramax Films ; a New Visions Pictures Presentation.
A shrill faction of longtime locals - joined by a handful of newcomers who would like to close the gate behind them - rages constantly against new growth, furious that their home has become known as a ''salt lick for celebrities,'' ''a petting zoo for the rich and famous.''
And that has forced people to save money they would rather spend.
All beaches are open to free use.
And Viola's the only left-hander in the league who'll throw a changeup to me.''
MOWAHID H. SHAH Editor, Eastern Times Arlington, Va., Aug. 3, 1990
Such hostels are sometimes comparable to an International Youth Hostel or nicer or they can be flophouses.
The agreement is with the MBF Group, a financial services firm based in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, which already operates Grandy's fast-food restaurants in the Pacific.
Discounts on closed-end stock funds widened through the first half, meaning that share prices of closed-end funds did not keep pace with the value of the stocks in their portfolios.
rose an encouraging 1 1/8, to 108 3/8, Merck, one of the Big Board's most popular drug stocks, slumped 3 1/8, to 76 7/8, after Patricia Lee of Vector Securities questioned its prostate drug, Proscar.
I said, 'Sean, what you have here is the greatest idea in the world.'
That's about all I could manage.
The following day, the ice is used to cool water or air which is then piped into offices.
Before I realized it they had turned a corner and were out of earshot.
Two players from Schenectady, N.Y., who have won World Team titles, captured the Regional Knockout Team title in Port Chester, N.Y., on Sunday.
''The two teams in the N.C.A.A.
The chairman of the subcommittee, Senator Howard M. Metzenbaum, Democrat of Ohio, today began a move to compel Mr. Thompson's appearance.
C. Donna Chapman, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Howard Chapman of Plainview, Va., was married yesterday to Joseph T. Wilson Jr., a son of Maude Wilson of Colerain, N.C., and the late Mr. Wilson, at the Hampton (Va.) University Memorial Chapel by the Rev.
Joyce, who was recalled from the Baltimore Skipjacks, Washington's minor league affiliate, just seven games ago, was thrilled with the goal, and equally thrilled with the opportunity he was given to score it.
The firm was absorbed by another brokerage and eventually became part of Merrill Lynch.
Mr. Meisels performed Yiddish, Hebrew and Hassidic songs in concert in cities across the United States and Canada.
The country seems to be pinning much of its economic hopes on the recently enacted State Enterprise Privatization Act.
The two sides reached a tentative agreement late Thursday night after seven hours of talks mediated by Eric J. Schmertz, New York City's Commissioner of Labor Relations.
Several real bones from the huge beast will be displayed elsewhere in the museum, he said.
The nomination of a certified right-wing ideologue, though it might finally win Mr. Bush the full confidence of his party's conservatives, also would guarantee a divisive Senate battle that would impede the President's legislative prospects, and identify him as a Reagan-like conservative; and the impact on his public standing could well be negative.
'' ''And I said, 'Well, Gary, that's your decision to make.
During those 76 years, tens of thousands of New York City children roomed the streets uncared for, left to feed and clothe themselves.
The suspect, Mahmoud Atta, who also uses the name Mahmoud El-Abed Ahmad, was arrested in the United States three years ago.
One such person is Sharon Malhotra, a registered nurse from a Pittsburgh suburb who is married to a doctor.
Federated and Allied must decide tomorrow whether to pay for their December and January merchandise shipments.
Tickets are $3.50 ($1.75 for children 6 to 12 and senior citizens), and can be purchased on the mezzanine level.
The more public the Israelis were, and the more active they were on the military front, the more difficult it would be for the United States to assemble and maintain an Arab coalition against Iraq.
But Mr. Stoneham's prosperity began to ebb when Charles O. Finley moved his A's from Kansas City to Oakland in 1968 and began to cut into the fan market.
"When you see someone described as willing to govern, it means they're willing to raise taxes."
Incumbents in 12 of the 14 Congressional districts were re-elected, but there were tough races in the districts once held by Gov.
Allied and Federated operate 260 stores nationwide.
Reeves, a 6-foot-3-inch guard from Christ the King High School in Queens, also had 10 steals and 6 assists and was named most valuable player for the annual charity game.
After declining to appear on Thursday for the opening of the Senate Ethics Committee's extraordinary hearings on the links between five Senators and the owner of a failed savings and loan association, Mr. Cranston had come to give his side of the story.
A lot of people don't even bother to report the thefts, since there's not much we can do.''
With the recent demise, dismantling or fiscal problems of well-known retailers like B. Altman, Bonwit Teller and Bloomingdale's, many critics had pronounced department stores that sell everything from pots and pans to designer dresses as dinosaurs headed for extinction.
Tenants agree to repair neglected stations in return for leases that start at 15 years, with options to 29 years, said Stan Kadish, the authority's supervisor of property development.
From December to June, Jonathan and his mother, who are on public assistance, have been shuttling from one relative's apartment to the next.
The need for total control of children is partly a response to constant anxiety over the eternal consequences of losing control, of losing faith.
The brochure says: ''This benefit does not cover 1) any expenses incurred due to the financial insolvency of the person, organization or firm from whom you directly purchased or paid for your covered trip; 2) any financial insolvency which occurred before your effective date of insurance and 3) any expenses in excess of the amount of coverage you apply and remit the appropriate premium for.''
What a cute little baby.
Broward Federal began the litigation in 1987, two days after regulators placed South Florida Savings, Mr. Houston's institution, into receivership.
The survey said that the main reason that airlines changed their smoking policy was pressure from passengers.
Their egg sacs look like ''white cottony blobs'' and number in the millions on each tree.
''We've closed down all the hard-core locations.''
''Now is no time for escalation; it's time for talks,'' Mr. Bush said, speaking for himself and for Mrs. Thatcher at a news conference here.
The results are not reassuring.
These days, he drives around inner-city streets alone, he said, ''just to remember where I came from.''
Currency trading was moderate in Europe, but interest in the dollar was rekindled when activity shifted to the United States.
May 23 - Music, art, dance and dramatic readings at a 7 P.M. reception at the Museum of Hispanic Art, 584 Broadway (Houston Street), will benefit the scholarship fund of the Bank Street College School for Children.
But last year, aides to Mr. Dinkins and to former Mayor Koch said, Councilman Jerry L. Crispino, who was then chairman of the Public Safety Committee and now head of the Land Use Committee, blocked the bill as too broad.
Yesterday Salman Rushdie tried to make peace with those who would have him dead.
Examples have survived from Crete in the 12th century B.C.
They are expected to complete a management plan next November to address problems like oxygen depletion, toxic substances and floating garbage.
The privately held company attributed the loss to higher fuel and labor costs.
Lech Walesa, the leader of the Solidarity trade union, declared today that Poland's revolution has stagnated and pledged to foment ''permanent political war'' that would shake the Government he helped create last year.
Orson Mobley, a tight end, stayed 30 days at a Phoenix clinic last year and Gerald Perry, a defensive tackle, has also undergone treatment for alcoholism.
Two Biting Takeoffs Dr. Huang said the group successfully pressed the American Medical Association several years ago to recommend that medical schools sell their tobacco stock.
They showed a tape of the prototype Impact outracing a Mazda Miata and a Nissan 300ZX from a standing start to 60 miles an hour.
Detroit Metropolitan has no ground-scanning radar.
Harmony splits her debut album, ''Let There Be Harmony'' (Virgin 91394; all three formats), between songs and raps, most of them co-written by Pamela (Harmony) Scott.
Eugene Ormandy succeeded Stokowski in 1938, and expanded upon Stokowski's famously lush string sound until his retirement in 1980, when Mr. Muti succeeded him.
"But, clearly, once the order to go to battle is given, it is the commanders in the field that will be totally in charge."
The State Department announced today that R. Mark Palmer, the Ambassador to Hungary, is resigning his post immediately after the disclosure on Thursday that he planned to leave Budapest in March to run a new investment company that would do business in Hungary.
For example, Crown sells George Will's No.
New York City's municipal labor talks today enter what both sides hope is the home stretch, in which the negotiators are supposed to go into a room and not emerge until they reach an agreement.
The agreement that collapsed on Friday, known as the Meech Lake accord, would have designated Quebec a ''distinct society'' in a nation dominated by its English-speaking majority.
Ban on Weekend Work Question: My husband and I live in a rent-stabilized apartment in a cooperative building.
And, as the noise level rises, the publishing rumor mill begins to whir.
You just don't want somebody trampling over the same ground.
It was their 12th straight regular-season victory over two years, the longest such winning streak in their 66-year history.
Mrs. Keane, a former teacher, usually arrives with a book in hand.
Expeditions Around the World Mr. Throckmorton pioneered scientific approaches to examining shipwrecks dating from the centuries before Christ to the late 19th century.
Opening-Night Jitters Arbour blamed ''stage fright'' for Saturday night's defeat in the home opener.
In nearly 20 years of recording, Ms. Simon's singing, at once openhearted and high-strung, hasn't lost its ability to communicate a keen emotional intensity.
Most of the relocated Burmese spend several hours a day getting to and from their jobs in the central city by foot, river ferry and bus, the diplomats said.
In the Giants' seventh game of the season, a 20-13 victory over the San Diego Chargers, Bavaro tore two of the four ligaments in the left knee.
But it may not be until September, Western diplomats say, that the military Government will allow the parliament eleated in May to actually meet.
The turkey meat is picked off the bones, which are returned to the cooking pot, and the meat is set aside in some broth until serving time.
Detectives say they believe the gunmen were trying to intimidate his 19-year-old half-brother.
ALAN M. SHAPEY New York, Sept. 25, 1990
In mid-November, when the jogger was released from Gaylord, the hospital issued a statement saying that her further recovery was ''highly dependent'' on the privacy accorded her.
He should stick with the old principle that time is money, and wasting it is no gain.
His name was first broadcast from a sound truck, and he later appeared on television.
It is possible that people who think of themselves as liberated will find Mr. Bly's theses somewhat reactionary.
In his testimony, Mr. Mulheren, also a former speculator, played down his friendship with Mr. Boesky, saying he spoke with him infrequently.
The reason for these extinctions is unknown, although Dr. Bakker and some others believe they occurred when lowered sea levels created land bridges between continents.
In places like Missouri, Minnesota and Florida, new rental housing is affordable to tenants earning 70 to 100 percent of median income.
The police identified those arrested as Patty Carlini, 34 years old, Wanda Oree, 28, Karen C. Jackson, 34, Nin B. Nissen, 39, and Ronald Burgess, 44.
''It's absolutely the last of our intentions,'' said Sulaiman about the possibility of stripping Douglas.
Dartmouth, which won its last four games in 1989, has 14 starters returning, 8 on defense.
But some think Mr. Shaw may be too optimistic.
She was liked but she was not needed.
The committee is a nonprofit research organization based in Washington that studies the reasons for declining voting turnout.
Among other things, Mr. Stevens looked into the disappearance from a high-security Belfast police station last year of a confidential bulletin-board poster showing the photographs and names of 12 people suspected of being members of the I.R.A.
''With the state government turning from poor to terrible, we've had some doubts expressed,'' Mr. Haberlin said.
They point to the example of the Aozou strip, a huge tract on Chad's northern frontier that Colonel Qadaffi's men first occupied a decade ago after rumors that it possessed uranium deposits.
All About Fish A concise booklet packed with sound information about buying, storing and preparing fish and shellfish has been published by the Federal Department of Commerce.
General Torrijos's name was recently stripped from the municipal baseball stadium, just a few blocks from the house where he was born in 1929.
Foreign missions that closed their embassies in Kuwait over the last few days said they were forced to do so because they were running out of food and potable water.
Unified Germany would do well to strengthen its federal structure, stressing checks and balances between branches and levels; openness is best guarded by insuring the highest standard of press freedom in Europe.
NEW JERSEY Government offices: Federal, state and municipal closed.
But the only answer Commerce seems capable of is oh, maybe.
The 8 P.M. concerts, part of the 18th annual Brass Conference, will include tributes to Roger Voisin, the longtime first trumpeter with the Boston Symphony Orchestra, tonight, and the jazz trombonist Eddie Bert, tomorrow.
Under the plan, moderate-income households will most likely get higher property tax rebates than under the existing law.
"We felt the momentum was going our way all night.
Some displeasure was voiced that the next size was coming out late, but the team forged ahead to talk about the marketing campaign.
If that doesn't satisfy, heli-skiing on the untouched peaks of the Coast Range is available out of Whistler.
Under the Cultural Revolution, all Western music was banned, and the Red Guards confiscated the family's piano.
This last blended the solo trombonist with an electronic accompaniment derived from the soloist's sounds; the final combination of lingering electronic cluster and offstage trombone was moving, although the soloist was asked to natter on longer than the electronics.
Volume 1 is free; volumes 2, 3 and 4 cost $2.50 each.
Dick Francis' latest mystery about horse racing takes place not at the track but aboard a train speeding across Canada.
''There is nothing to be seen here which has not already been done.
Only one East German competed: Ilke Wyludda, the world's leading female discus thrower, who won the event.
Norwegian Cruise Lines boasts that golf and tennis pros will help passengers with their games.
They agreed on Thursday that cutting the budget more than $60 billion would risk a recession.
Even Mr. Goode's sensitivity to structural nuances, however, could not alleviate the sameness of the Rondo finale.
Steinberg assumed they were the ones who could let Perles out of his contract.
Also helping to push gold lower was a steep plunge in crude oil prices, with the January contract down $3.37 a barrel.
Most philatelic creations have little connection with mail delivery.
Add the wine, salt and pepper.
Mr. Mann's property includes a post-war house, a heart-shaped swimming pool and a garage.
The two sides, with Mr. Trump taking the lead role in recent days, carried on marathon talks into yesterday morning before finally reaching a deal that left Mr. Trump in control of the Taj.
The professors are virtually all white, while almost all the custodians are black.
Late Sunday night, as the brothers were heading home from visiting their mother, a group of teen-agers in a car shot them off Eddie Vieira's Kawasaki 600 motorcycle in a confrontation that the police and family believe was caused by their inability to hear and speak.
And it's a good thing for Senator Jesse Helms.
"I will tell you about my marriage in one sentence," he said, and drew another cigarette from his pack.
''I would say 70 percent of the people who walk through the door are either hypertensive or they have diabetes.
Now a brief introductory text in English, written by four experts associated with the project, has been supplied for a new edition.
''We've exchanged names and addresses.
The prelimary population estimates are being released under the Census Bureau's local review program, a voluntary effort begun in 1980 to test the accuracy of census counts.
The marinade works nicely with lamb, too.
said it was cutting the price of its Model 60-041 computer to $2,750, from $4,195; Model 60-071 to $3,085, from $4,645; Model 80-041 to $4,000, from $5,395, and Model 80-071 to $4,500, from $6,095.
And they are eager for the new bit of business - the improvisational line or gesture, the little piece of truth that makes watching performers like these a real adventure.
DEATH WARRANT Directed by Deran Sarafian; written by David S. Goyer; director of photography, Russell Carpenter; edited by G. Gregg McLaughlin and John A. Barton; music by Gary Chang; production designer, Curtis Schnell; produced by Mark DiSalle; released by Pathe Entertainment; distributed by MGM.
And Effi has been with me almost 12 years now as my wife.
The changes took effect yesterday.
They insist the Hasidim want to push non-Jews out and create an exclusive enclave.
Israel Underwrites Settlers The Israeli Government admitted that it secretly provided almost $2 million for a new Jewish settlement in the Christian quarter of Jerusalem's Old City.
Library service may be the bargain of the educational world.
When the bus shuddered to its final halt, it was all laughter as everyone scrambled out for the moonlight hike into town.
His co-defendant, Keith Mondello, 19, was sentenced to a minimum of 5 years and 4 months and a maximum of 16 years after conviction on charges of rioting, menacing, discrimination, criminal possession of a weapon and unlawful imprisonment.
''But there are others who occasionally use the Endangered Species Act to stop economic progress or development because they oppose a particular project, and that's what Mr. Lujan's upset about.''
After that it will produce a steady stream of income for Mr. Blair, who has a 25 percent interest, and his major partners, the Moncrief family of Ft. Worth.
Like his grandfather and great-grandmother, his work reflects the life and people of Eagle Bridge, N.Y.; he paints in the same 175-year-old farmhouse where Grandma Moses' career began.
He wrote ''The Physics of Blown Sand and Desert Dunes,'' which has remained the standard textbook on the subject since its publication in 1941.
Jones and Hagen, of course, were past their best years when the Masters began in 1934.
Unfortunately such a criminal miseducation in history is no joke.
The change of strategy reflects changing circumstances, Mr. Goizueta said.
Jackson hit three homers in the three-game series.
President F. W. de Klerk was astute enough to open negotiations while the South African Government remains in a position of relative strength, unlike the white government hard-pressed by a black liberation war a decade ago in Rhodesia, now Zimbabwe.
Kenya has one of the most vibrant private news media in Africa and certainly one of the freest.
A1 San Mateo Journal: A ban on breeding cats and dogs?
"The thing about good horses," Shug McGaughey, Easy Goer's trainer, said, "is that they're so hard to keep sound.
They also said it did not address the need for more revenue.
The Dodge index of construction contracting stood at 147 in September, just a notch higher than the 1990 low of 146 reached in August.
In a statement issued after the meeting, the clergymen said they ''warned Baker that U.S. aid to El Salvador must be connected to human rights improvements.''
The bride, who took the last name of Van Tell when she was a radio and television actress, attended Vassar College and the Juilliard School.
But science has succeeded primarily in teaching people how to live without food.
The new economy is reflected in bands' riders.
Founded Computer Company Maciej Bebenek, who works on the presidential campaign, said that after arriving in Canada, Mr. Tyminski studied computer science and took a job at Hewlett-Packard.
The humor is mordant, more subtle, subsumed into an image of ceremonial order that breaks down.
In the second, Mel Hall fielded Gary Pettis's single in right field, then overthrew the cutoff man, enabling Pettis to continue to second.
In the words of that world-famous philosopher Jackie Gleason: 'How sweet it is.'
More bankruptcies of airlines were predicted by the chairman of American, who said the industry is going broke because of higher fuel costs, falling revenues and fare discounting.
''We have had enough purges in this country,'' says Jan Urban, the head of Civic Forum, the revolutionary political movement, a plain-speaking man.
Then, we start a six-hour chess session.
He did not come on like a magician, an alchemist or a sorcerer.
Both the Speaker of the Democratic-led Assembly, Mel Miller, and the majority leader of the Republican-controlled Senate, Ralph J. Marino, spent Thursday nailing down final details of the agreement and briefing members.
Soon the plant is everywhere, climbing like a weed up the steep hillsides.
''It took me a long time to realize that.
Balanchine fixed on Ms. Farrell as his muse and crowned his obsession by casting her as Dulcinea in the three-act ''Don Quixote'' he had been wanting to make for 25 years - dancing the role of the Don himself at the first performance and occasionally thereafter.
In this account of her struggles with self-imposed solitude, the essayist Alice Koller discloses her most intimate secrets with startling nonchalance.
He recognizes that greater justice is produced more by expanding production than by efforts at equalization, and that greater justice may simply produce more compliant consumers, more conformity, greater spiritual torpor.
His lawyer would then have to be told about R.A. Communications and the hidden cameras, and this would kill the Hialeah operation.
Many of its stations were filthy and poorly maintained, subway cars and buses were covered with graffiti, and car, bus and track safety was imperiled by defects.
Before, the four powers that occupied Germany after World War II could not agree on its future.
Occasionally the writing runs away with itself -- in describing the "oversized ambitions" of an interpreter, she writes that it was "as if he had placed a large, stiff-walled hatbox on his head instead of the hat itself" -- but usually her choice of language is so right and so graphic that one almost has the sensation of watching a film.
The song-and-dance show, starring Grover and favorites like Bert and Ernie, Big Bird and Cookie Monster, recreates a day of school on the street, with a ''rock-and-roll call,'' a spelling class and a singing story time.
'A High School Gym' The outside of the building has been described as ''a giant ski jump,'' while the vast, windowless foyer has been compared to ''a high school gym'' and ''a shopping mall without shops.''
Richard Murphy, the city's Commissioner of Youth Services, said that if the wish list becomes reality it could create dozens of ''small universes'' in which young people find the strength to dream and grow.
Hostel culture can be irritating and exhausting, but it is open to anyone who seeks it.
For an extra $20, people could attend a reception, where they got a chance to shake hands with Mr. Tutu.
The law firm known as Finley Kumble never got to celebrate its 20th anniversary.
I.B.M., the title sponsor for the regular-season tour, will provide the computers for the championships but not its name.
Barkley was penalized $1,500 for shoving Patrick Ewing to the floor in the first quarter of the Knicks-76ers game Friday night at Madison Square Garden.
He said he would return to Poland before Jan. 5 to face charges that he defamed Prime Minister Tadeusz Mazowiecki, adding that he had posted a $100,000 bond and obtained guarantees from three members of Parliament and the president of the Electoral Board before being allowed to leave Poland.
Under the system, producers and studios make shows for less than the networks pay to air them -- usually hundreds of thousands of dollars per episode less -- in return for a chance at the windfall.
Yesterday's rumors were merely the latest in a week that has been dominated by mostly loose talk.
On Aug. 23, News Corporation announced that its profits for the year ended June 30 plunged 46 percent, to $216 million, from the record $403 million earned in fiscal 1989.
The new law, the critics say, will perpetuate the practice of good drivers' subsidizing bad ones, will make it difficult for people in the state's larger cities to find local insurance agents and will prevent accident victims from obtaining medical care from physicians of their choice.
"From my point of view, one of the most astonishing realizations has been that nature used the same elements over and over to control different parts of the cell cycle," said Dr. Steven Reed of the Research Institute of Scripps Clinic in La Jolla, Calif.
So when a woman puts on her sexiest red dress, she is often, unknowingly, attracting her own sex, not men.
On Saturday afternoons, he added, ''everybody met at the movies - the Loews on 83d Street.''
"I thought that someone like me, trained in journalism, still had a chance of interviewing living people.
Law-enforcement officials said the arrests would slow but not stop the flow of cocaine in the New York region.
Most accept credit cards; check when reserving.
A measure of self-consciousness comes from that.''
The following remarks should have been attributed to President Hussein, not to Ambassador April C. Glaspie: Brother President Mubarak told me they were scared.
We will not, and by law cannot, ignore that evidence.''
''We're getting a start, a jump on the season, during a traditionally slow time,'' said a store spokeswoman, who pointed out that Nordstrom, the Seattle-based retailer, has held similar promotions.
"And it's tough for the guys on the bench because they lose their legs.
There is agreement that the track had deteriorated, but great dispute about whose fault that is and whether things are better.
The hominids apparently ''rode along'' on the successive pulses of general evolutionary activity among mammals, Dr. Vrba says.
To the Editor: Although we cannot undo the savings and loan associations scandal, we can implement new safeguards.
This city, hometown of Gov.
Carla E. Stanmyre, the daughter of Frederick W. Stanmyre of Dallas and Hong Kong and Karen P. Stanmyre of Harrison, N.Y., was married last evening to William H. Groner, the son of Mr. and Mrs. David Groner of Pompano Beach, Fla.
He estimated the cost to the city of the budget cuts over the course of a year at more than $715 million.
Cuts Worse Here Sheila McClear, a university spokeswoman, said the cuts could prevent some seniors from graduating next semester.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* K.R.M.
But the concrete structure has not yet toppled and we face the danger of being crushed by the debris instead of reaching freedom.''
By 2000, he said, tax breaks to encourage "enhanced recovery" of oil from fields from which no more can be extracted by standard pumping would produce and extra 320,000 extra barrels a day.
Unlike those two, who have played their natural postions throughout high school and college, Sealy has had to learn a new set of skills.
By this time, our faces were bright red with windburn, and when we rested, our skin burned and tingled.
In fact, I try to make time itself stand still here.
"In order to defend herself, like in the past, Israel will not call on anyone to fight its war or anyone else's soldiers, but will reply with all its might," he said.
She turned to Mr. Akhmetov, who was smiling broadly but a good deal less effervescently.
Despite appearances, what happens is irrational.
Mr. Klein says he is bothered by today's students' ''sense of their own insignificance,'' but he also adds that more recent events may be shaping still another era of political commitment.
A continuing series of events, from flying displays to exhibitions of 1940 fashions, culminates in London on Sept. 15 with a parade, a flyover and fireworks.
these days, that means steering employees through a four-step process: Giving them counseling on how to deal with the loss of long-time colleagues; training them in new skills; ''empowering'' them to use those skills without turning to an overprotective boss or an all-encompassing rule-book, and finally, rewarding them for making the transition.
Couple's Jobs Appear Safe The 46-year-old locksmith and his wife are fairly confident about what lies ahead.
President Hussein wants out of the impasse in a way to keep his army intact and claim victory in Arab eyes for having stood up to the mighty U.S. and the West.
Other contributors to the fund include the Reader's Digest Association, which gave $100,000; the Gannett Foundation, $96,958; the Westchester Foundation (a builders' group), $37,500; Citibank, N.A., $25,000; Chemical Bank, $15,000, and the Westchester Community Foundation, $10,000.
Surviving are his wife, the former Ruth Miller, and a sister, Helen, of Manhattan.
"Mambo Mouth," directed by Peter Askin, recalls the earlier work of Eric Bogosian, before he had refined his writing and performing into a kind of verbal martial art.
Excuse the bluntness, but this tired, unoriginal language is liberal claptrap.
For a weekday meal, this dish could not be simpler or faster.
Not since Warren G. Harding left town has a President been so mocked for his speech.
Iowa finished in a four-way tie for the Big Ten title with Michigan, Michigan State and Illinois, but the Hawkeyes got the Rose Bowl berth because they beat the other three teams.
Mr. Cohen said he plans to build a plant in New York this summer where he expects to be producing 600 pounds a week by October.
An unnamed small town in Ireland comes under the author's keen flensing blade.
Ms. Anderson, evidently not in opulent vocal health, was stopped cold in the midst of her Bellini aria from "La Sonnambula."
A century ago they were brown, clear-cut for timber.
Mr. Halter asked if they had played during the Nazi occupation and the answer was yes.
Fierce street battles raged between soldiers and Arab youths all over the Gaza Strip.
The Spanish speakers, not surprisingly, seem to prefer other Spanish speakers.
''In five years we will be publishing 20 magazines and generating revenues of $500 million,'' he said.
Then he paused, perhaps thinking of George Jr., and said, ''Maybe second-most-sensitive.''
She was 48 years old.
MARY BYRNE McDONNELL, a daughter of Dr. and Mrs. Chilton H. McDonnell of Warrenton, Va., was married yesterday to JOHN FRANCIS McAULIFF JR., a son of Mrs. McAuliff of Indianapolis and the late Mr. McAuliff.
The bodies of the pilot and Mr. Jiang were found in the cockpit, but there was no sign of explosives, suggesting that he had been unarmed all along.
They had become accustomed to working in platoons, and thought Sturges's precedent would mean less work for all.
But the right wing includes whites of British descent, some of them ex-Rhodesians, and Portuguese who fled Mozambique or Angola.
Indignant letters from scientists have appeared in both scholarly and popular journals.
Above all else, ''American Dream'' is about the destruction of Austin's ideals.
We tried 30 offerings and came away with many to recommend: shrimp bonnets, spareribs in black-bean sauce, seafood-stuffed bell peppers, steamed pork buns, meatballs, deep-fried taro pancakes, fried shrimp balls, turnip cakes, Shanghai egg rolls, and chicken feet for those who are fans.
We return to Jackson Square, now in full swing.
The court-referred workers could never do more than supplement a regular staff.
A Question for Baker One young servicewoman, Sgt.
Most of the money -- $9.3 billion -- was drained from the still-solvent part of the industry, which consisted of 2,426 institutions at the end of July.
In the Supreme Court appeal, the Legal Action Center for the Homeless did not challenge the ban on begging in subway cars.
1 Moscow will curtail flights to Israel for emigrating Soviet Jews by refusing to issue tickets to Israel via Budapest.
He was named president in 1960 and chairman of the board in 1968.
''Very often, they are doing neither,'' Mr. Olson said.
''We have to do more fund-raisers,'' she said.
Borland's Reflex and Paradox, data base management programs, and Quattro, a spreadsheet, use the new technology to run more quickly within the limited confines of the memory available on an I.B.M.
Cook as in Step 5 for 6 minutes.
He added that he kept going because he felt the play was steadily improving.
None of the candidates have demonstrated the leadership qualities their troubled South Bronx district needs.
He prohibited defense lawyers from talking with the press.
This flower is maroon with a yellow throat and was introduced in 1934.
Dlugy did not wait around for the inevitable but gave up.
It was redrafted as a class-action case on behalf of all El Salvadoran and Guatemalan immigrants.
The company headquarters is in Bogota, and its stock is traded on the Bogota Exchange.
All of the major food groups, particularly meats, poultry, fish, eggs, fruits and vegetables, were higher in price.
4 13 2 BO KNOWS BO, by Bo Jackson and Dick Schaap.
After you've taken the exit, signs will direct you to the show.
Finding quality tires is difficult in the Soviet Union, where motorists drive on poorly maintained streets full of bumps and potholes.
A Party for the Duchess Women were told to wear red, blue or green and the men white jackets.
He said the word ''salary'' means ''periodic payments'' and not a lump-sum payment.
The agency has its eye, of course, on increasing trade with the European Community.
Colombia One Kingpin Down, But Many to Go One of the most notable successes in the drug fight came in mid-December, when Colombian security forces chased down and killed Jose Gonzalo Rodriguez Gacha, a powerful and violent leader of the Medellin cartel, which controls much of the world cocaine market.
One is the sampling error that arises from sheer chance.
NICHOLAS LENSSEN Takoma Park, Md., Dec. 21, 1989
It would be an irony beyond belief if, in the hour of capitalism's triumph, when the Communist states are seeking a model, capitalism should collapse under the weight of its speculative excesses.
El Pescador, 75 Jose Ortega y Gasset; 402 12 90.
Blacks applauded Dr. Roussell's reforms, which set out clear-cut criteria for placement where before there was, they said, a curious subjectivity that dumped nearly all black students in lower tracks.
Sondra Miller, a second-year law student, who is the coordinator of the committee, said: ''The United States is a system of law, and the Soviet Union is not a system of law.
A troupe of amateur actors, including Rory Finazzo, Jeff Jacobs and Henri Gueron, will bring ''The Bubs'' to life.
Her classmate draws God with a long, brown face; the face is tear-stained, but underneath the picture is the message, "Watch Out, He'll Spot You!"
Tyson said he weighed about 218 pounds, his usual fighting weight, but the weight appeared to be distributed differently from how it was in the recent past.
County audiences will be able to hear Mr. Yin next weekend, when he plays two concertos with the New Orchestra of Westchester at the Performing Arts Center of the State University at Purchase.
And after nearly 13 months in office, a successful summit meeting with President Mikhail S. Gorbachev and a military victory in Panama, the clearly exasperated Mr. Bush was also still trying to allay doubts about his leadership, his vision and his ability to manage foreign affairs.
Of the factories' 337 workers who were unpaid as of early fall, Mr. Brito estimates that 87 have received a total of $40,000, about half the wages owed, since then.
Mrs. Arnett threatened to leave her husband if he abandoned the cause.
Gen. Billy Mitchell was able to persuade the War Department and the Navy in 1921 to tow the captured U-boat U-117, the German light cruiser Frankfort and the ''unsinkable'' German battleship, Ostfriesland, to a point about 100 miles off the Virginia Capes.
Vernon Johns, who as minister of the Dexter Avenue Baptist Church in Montgomery, Ala., was an early civil rights activist.
Athletic Officials' Criticism Speaking at a public meeting of the student congress, Miss Sossoman added: ''We should not have our rights stepped on and have a policy dictated to us.
Deep-sea fishing expeditions are run by Pierrot Choisy on his Bertram, and he can be reached through the College Mireille Choisy in Gustavia (27.61.22).
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* General Electric Co. (NYSE) Qtr to March 30 1990 1989 Revenue 12,600,000,000 11,900,000,000 Net inc 950,000,000 849,000,000 Share earns 1.06 .94 View Full Article in Timesmachine »
I know what can happen to you at the bars and at the ball park.
''My mother is coming along,'' she said, explaining that she has accumulated a large amount of frequent flier benefits.
Clearly, Celine is an artist in the making.
The bridge loans were made in a series of merger deals including the Campeau Corporation's collapsed buyout of Federated Department Stores.
In Aiken, he counsels young people against drug use and lives in minimum-security detention nearby.
Catalan cuisine is made up of just a dozen or so ingredients, woven and interwoven in varied ways.
Downturn Called Exaggerated It is unclear how long the decline will persist, and industry executives, displaying the stubborn optimism that continues to pervade many sectors of the California economy, object strongly to any suggestion that they are heading for disaster.
To him, Dr. Gregorian lauded ''your rationality, lofty professional standards and humanitarianism.''
The Peasant Party is in an old two-story building once used by the Communist Party for receptions.
''The criminal-justice system depends on getting confessions,'' said Merrill Sobie, a professor at the Pace University School of Law.
New Tone to Campaign In recent days, the tone of the Polish presidential campaign has grown uglier.
Riverside Church is on Riverside Drive at 122d Street.
But I came away thinking the bravest of the brave were the black men and women I met who weren't young, who couldn't survive on a S.N.C.C.
At Pasadena, Calif., the Michigan Wolverines, ranked third ahead of Notre Dame in the news-agency polls, will oppose Southern California in the Rose Bowl and then seek the necessary assistance of Notre Dame and Alabama, which could complete the first national championship of the Bo Schembechler era in his final game as coach.
His father is a physician.
''Not out of context, I don't remember it.''
As he mused aloud on Monday about the endurance of public support, Mr. Bush was evidently sensitive to this.
Instead, it has provided a graphic example of the long, arduous, sometimes tortured path between an idea and a building.
Yet, she added, ''I find it troubling that secretaries have not been their own best public relations people, which is why the title secretary doesn't get the respect it should.''
tournament title in four years.
He was convicted in the killing of Larry Rohus on March 7, 1983.
Everybody looks to keep the overhead down.''
Her father is the director of executive resources and development with I.B.M.
But you should know that if you install these, the seat belt is n longer able to retract fully when you leave the car, so push the drooping belt back inside to avoid shutting it in the door and dirtying it.
And on a work-free weekend, they're the next best thing to tea and toast.
The prospect of putting on a show like ''Life and Death'' also reaffirms Tartikoff's conviction that television has been a worthy pursuit for a graduate of Robert Penn Warren's writing seminar.
A five-course dinner is $44, without wine.
To save a popular tax rebate, the so-called homestead rebate that Mr. Florio wants to eliminate, they have proposed making up that money by imposing an income-tax increase on July 1 rather than next January, as the Governor had proposed.
And the Weather Service makes certain that the Weather Channel receives weather warnings and watches the moment they are issued.
Most state efforts have remained true to the original concept, and a number of recent studies have found that, when properly run, enterprise zones can contribute to the revitilization of decaying urban areas.
Richardson's absence lasted through three practices and two games.
Grilled rib of beef looked great on the plate but had little flavor.
So many deductions have been eliminated that tax professionals say there is much less leeway under the new law for taxpayers to arrange their finances to cut their tax bills.
Among the bad signs, he said, is that money is ''very tight,'' and housing starts, as reported yesterday, fell in May to their lowest level since the last recession eight years ago.
Mr. Shannon said his investigators had interviewed more than 50 people, with a number of accounts of violations corroborated by several witnesses.
''He has this burning desire to win.
We have clear health benefits to offer those who are infected.
While Mr. Bush's economic troubles are hardly as severe, polling by The Times and CBS News shows that in other ways Mr. Bush is also dealing in a domestic political world drastically different from that of his predecessors.
The 212 others favored the right thumb.
IRV DRASNIN New York The writer is producer-director-writer of ''The Guns of Autumn.''
Detroit has dropped three of its last four games.
They had already issued millions of cards for local service.
The fierce attachment that Christian denominations once had to specific translations has diminished.
She is a member of the Southern Clarkstown Civic Association and is active in the fight against the Palisades Center.
His mother is the manager of the Bangor office of Northwest Airlines.
Is Moscow playing a double game in the Persian Gulf?
Who knew what celebrity would be undulating 12 inches away?
''We think the priority will be given to bilateral contacts,'' he said.
I have received some documents, but all too frequently I am refused with the words, ''That document is still classified.''
It is not so clear that the sympathies of people outside the industrial countries would stay that way if the United States attacked.
But the ACT is generally considered a broader test of high school mastery than the SAT, which tests a more circumscribed set of math, reading and language skills.
Under the plan the small hamlets that hold most of the population could continue to grow, but most big subdivisions in the back country would be banned.
''More than two-thirds of the libraries in the United States have video collections,'' says Sally Mason, the director of video for the American Library Association.
Since 1985, about 33 exchange codes have been assigned annually in Manhattan and the Bronx, and those remaining would be gobbled up by 1993, the company said.
Last month, shareholders of the Holiday Corporation, the parent of Holiday Inns, approved the sale of the chain to the British company, which also brews Bass, Carling Black Label and other beers.
He became a captain 11 years ago.
Not a Success Story The world has heard many stories of Chinese visionaries who opened businesses in the last decade and struck it rich.
Michael W. Wynne, a vice president of General Dynamics, asked rhetorically.
The United States, Britain, Japan, France, Switzerland and the European Community all offered assistance.
----Islanders Cut Chynoweth The Islanders trimmed their roster on Thursday before leaving for the West Coast, where they open their season against the Los Angeles Kings next Thursday.
Mr. Lee, a black film maker, is renting an empty store also owned by Mr. Longo to use for scenes in his latest movie.
Brown, said his district has suffered because it had a steady turnover of superintendents until he began his tenure in 1986.
The growing burden for corporate America is in non-wage items -particularly big jumps in health insurance premiums, imposed by the insurers, and higher Social Security taxes, imposed by the Government.
"Asking people for something is one thing," he said in an interview after a recent class.
But he adds: ''It has energized me a whole notch up over where I was before.''
Steinbrenner, who concluded his account by telling Vincent ''that's the first time I ever told the story in full,'' seemed eager to comply, but just as eager that his account remain secret.
But he said the chaos did not compare with that trailing the singer Michael Jackson as he strolled through a hall of the casino on Saturday.
Some details could be fit together with others details.
WITH the end of Daylight Saving Time today, Stuart Mitchell is faced with a task that would make most people pale.
''To the extent that it did not address all the inequities, it was a partial solution,'' Jeffrey Schanback, a Deputy Finance Commissioner, said of the city's corrections.
And illustrating the inappropriateness of avant-garde painters doing the royal portrait: ''One doesn't want two noses.
(Milo Miles) Rhino R2 70902.
Dodge's most celebrated killing occurred when Spike Kenedy, a Texas rancher, came to town to avenge an insult by Mayor Dog Kelly.
For years, the league has been so successful, so haughty, so fat-cattish that it found it unnecessary, unlike the National Basketball Association, to deal evenhandedly with the players.
Papa Golovko puts it more bluntly.
As recently as December, they believed that they would be spared projected spending cuts because the Navy and its submarine program appeared the least vulnerable.
But in a true championship fight, between two well-matched boxers at the top of their profession, 15 rounds is perfect.
That's because a calculated attack on Iraq almost certainly would make Saddam Hussein a martyr as well as a hero in the Arab world, and shatter the East-West-third-world alliance that has made possible such an impressive collective-security effort against further Iraqi aggression.
All were appointed by the former Mayor, Edward I. Koch.
The decision is not binding.
On this day in March, the 46-year-old, barrel-chested C.F.O.
The rift over the price Matsushita would pay for MCA eased.
For good measure, the Redskin's defensive tackle Darryl Grant recovered the game's only fumble.
Concern Generated Michael G. Cherkasky, an assistant district attorney assigned to the investigation, said his office would seek "a speedy resolution to the case" involving no-show workers.
Elaborate book backs, with generous gold detail and raised bindings, cost about $104 for a foot-long row, 10 inches high.
''Ever since the Mondale defeat, I think politicians across the country have been wary of any kind of broad taxes and instead have opted for these emergency taxes.''
The Navy's investigators, led by Rear Adm. Richard D. Milligan, concluded that the explosion, which occurred last April 19 while the Iowa was engaged in a firing exercise 330 miles northeast of Puerto Rico, was a result of a ''wrongful intentional act most probably committed by Petty Officer Hartwig.''
For two consecutive days her work sparkled.
In fact, he had been poring over Georges de La Tour for years.
She points to the election of Benjamin as a Louisiana senator, his appointment by Jefferson Davis, the Confederate President, to three major positions in the Confederate cabinet and the valued military service of Jews recognized by leaders of the Confederate armed forces.
"It's tough to accept this loss," said Sam Bowie, who quieted Olajuwon and had 15 points and 9 rebounds.
But Mr. Bourke said aluminum demand and prices have improved in recent weeks.
Ms. Kley is one of seven students at the business school who will spend this summer as interns at private and state-owned businesses in Poland, sharing some of the management techniques they have been taught and learning the customs and business realities of a country that has spent more than 40 years under Communism.
But an environmental group based 90 miles away in Rapid City placed an initiative on the ballot requiring that all megafills be approved by the State Legislature.
A Texas company, OGE Drilling, has cut off paychecks to families of six oil workers who are hostages of Iraq.
The Legislature will be forced to confront that problem because it is required to revise the state's system for reimbursing hospitals for the care they provide.
Last year, the current account deficit shrank to $110.03 billion, from $126.55 billion in 1988 and a peak of $153.96 billion in 1987.
But judging from the way bets are being placed, one thing they won't be calling him is Prime Minister.
The Government's budget package agreed upon last month will result in a 10 percent surcharge on cars priced at more than $30,000.
said it would sell S&A Lesme Ltd., a maker of chocolate, to Van Houten, the trading and industrial chocolate division of Jacobs Suchard Ltd. for $:63.5 million, or approximately $108 million.
And on Oct. 26, the Human Resources Administration, which oversees the welfare agency, filed a petition in Family Court charging that the girls had been abused, said Judge Kathryn McDonald, the administrative judge for the Family Court system.
Nearly three months after American troops invaded Panama, the Panamanian and American Governments, as well as human rights groups in both countries, are still struggling to compile a definitive tally of how many Panamanians were killed and wounded in the overthrow of Gen. Manuel Antonio Noriega.
He won nine major championships between 1958 and 1978, and since joining the senior tour in 1985, he has won six senior majors, including the PGA in 1986 and 1988.
Forty-nine leftist guerrillas, including several accused of taking part in an assassination attempt on President Augusto Pinochet three years ago, escaped today from a Santiago jail.
If it keeps on doing what it does best, West Street Grill should thrive.
Here are the interests of the major players, and the influences upon them: For those countries allied against Iraq, the most important issue is self-preservation and fear or hatred of Saddam Hussein.
In the investment-grade corporate bond market, the ARCO Chemical Company offered $225 million of 30-year debentures through an underwriting group led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets.
Neither of us could recall a single mention of mango chutney in the banquet scene of ''Macbeth.''
It evokes hard-to-reach places in the human soul.
The next day, July 13, the warrants climbed to $7.375 on lower volume.
Other bands' behavior was just as extreme.
''There will be some slowdown in growth,'' said Mr. Honda of the Bank of Tokyo.
Even while the scientists strive to learn more about this remarkable system of resource management, they and others are starting to search for ways in which it might be applied to help head off the destruction of the Amazonian forests.
Verification of the documentation is pursued only if ''something seems suspicious,'' Ms. McNabb said.
On Sunday at 10 A.M., the nine finalists will be onstage, and one of them will end up with an all-expense-paid summer study tour in Britain.
(In 1987, Mr. Rosenberg reportedly said he had dragged the bodies of his three daughters out of a gas chamber in September 1942, even though he was only 17 1/2 years old at that time.)
Adelman, contacted by hospital officials, called his players, including Mark Bryant, a teammate of Ramos's for three seasons at Seton Hall.
"In the past, people were willing to pay extra for top quality," he said, noting that work boots range in price from $80 to $200.
On average, the junk market fell about one-quarter of one point, or $2.50 for every $1,000 face amount, on low volume, traders said.
They defeated Boston College, 20-13, on Monday night at Chestnut Hill, Mass., and played Brown (10-2 and fourth in the poll) at home in Amherst last night before going to Syracuse for that final regular-season contest.
After Stoney became president and a director of Northwestern Bell Telephone Company in June 1987, Jack D. Sparks, a director of the parent company, U.S. West, and at the time chairman of Whirlpool Corporation, invited her to join his board.
[The Associated Press, in a dispatch from Islamabad, Pakistan, quoted Western diplomats as saying that mutinous Afghan air force pilots were still bombing positions in Kabul on Wednesday morning.]
Though the biography fails to examine them, two peculiar defects in Mr. Teller's character appear to have driven him to such extremes: a terror of Russia that is irrational enough to be termed clinical, and a corresponding grandiosity that makes him believe that anything is possible and nothing is unethical in the pursuit of an ever more elusive security.
''I wouldn't place great emphasis on the report having much influence.''
In a reflection of the depth of Turkish sensitivity about its large Kurdish minority, which numbers up to eight million, Ms. Schlumberger was arrested.
Cold-water fish there would be totally at the mercy of higher temperatures.
Girard, which owns 6.6 percent of the company, had been seeking control to force Pic 'N' Save's sale.
William Natcher, a Kentucky Democrat, is the undisputed champ.
We got better things to do with our time.''
They live in a city in which people are disposable, and not even the garbage is safe.
Delta said it received the warning in Dublin but it did not elaborate on the nature of the threat or how it was communicated.
The carrier has made Atlanta its main hub.
There are times when it seems that all it takes to live to great age is to heed what is heard at an oldster's knee.
Threat of a Walkout Latin American farm exporters, like Argentina, are threatening to walk out of the Brussels conference of the Uruguay Round, named for the country where the negotiaions started in 1986.
Hanover, N.H.: Ediciones del Norte.
And Pena's downfall, the manager suggested, may have been caused by lack of work.
as chief executive and editor in chief.
Each book by Mr. Garcia Marquez is a major literary event.
The City's Profile One Issue Was New York's Image But the Europeans posed problems of their own.
''I believe Don wants the fighters to have parity when they meet,'' said Abraham.
The decision to deny Federal aid to colleges with "race-exclusive" scholarships has highlighted a rift between civil rights groups and some blacks who question racial preferences.
''We're bullish about housing growth in Newark,'' says Ara K. Hovnanian, president of the company.
This decision has grown especially acute as the median age of divinity students has climbed to the early 30's, with many choosing the ministry as a second career.
''This came as quite a surprise to us.''
Maybe few people knew him, but we are all in his debt.
An Unwieldy Caseload Legal and financial pressures were bearing down on Mr. Root when he embarked on his flight from Washington to North Carolina in his single-engine Cessna 210 Centurion on the morning of July 13.
He had no idea whether he could train Sandy.
But we have reacted to this threat in a manner that has seriously harmed vital cancer and heart disease programs - programs that affect the well being and life expectancy of the majority of Americans.
Whitman's decision to spin off Pet shocked industry analysts who expected the troubled company to build on its food operations and spin off one of its non-food units.
Shadows you can see are elusive enough; to plan for shadows decades hence is to deal in the shadows of shadows.
On Monday, Weathers said he was heading for Las Vegas, Nev., to meet with Bob Arum, who promoted Foreman-Cooney and has a pay-per-view card that he is putting together for April 26 at Caesars Palace.
Blue Jays 1, Athletics 0 OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) - Dave Stieb pitched a three-hitter and Manny Lee tripled home the game's only run as Toronto ended Oakland's six-game winning streak and moved into first place in the American League East.
They helped found the African National Congress Youth League in 1944 and they collaborated in subsequent resistance campaigns against apartheid.
SOME long-time homeowners like to muse about the good old days of the 1950's and 60's, when mortgage interest rates were 5 or 6 percent, nearly everybody got the standard long-term fixed-rate loan and the homeowning was easy.
In Florida, state and law-enforcement organizations joined them in backing a three-day waiting period to buy a handgun, and a constitutional amendment to do that was approved by 84 percent of the state's voters last month.
Another issue being discussed is increased press freedom and the formation of political and economic advisory groups.
''I tell people that we had them but they have disappeared,'' he said.
Did the attackers select the victim from others of different backgrounds?
The proponents of a new trade group argue that it needs research capabilities to allow it to forecast problems like those between Japan and the United States and sufficient authority to deal with world trade problems.
Today, the Singh Government also announced that eight states would hold state-level elections on Feb. 27.
Gorbachev has been able to depart from that.''
PICNIC JAZZ If you like creating picnic dinners that will be devoured while listening to jazz, then Planting Fields in Oyster Bay is the place to be Saturday.
Haley was a rookie and the 12th man for the Bulls when they waived him on Dec. 18, nine days before his $250,000 contract would have been guaranteed for the season.
Activity in the secondary market for tax-exempt municipal bonds was extremely lethargic, dealers said.
I urge President Bush to refuse to take ''no'' for an answer.
They work hard, give you an honest effort."
They looked through images from the Voyager 2 spacecraft, and there it was: a small, bright object no more than 12 miles wide, the 18th moon to be identified orbiting Saturn.
The general's rise to power was greeted with skepticism by many Haitians, but their fears that another dictatorship was taking shape were placated by repeated pledges that General Avril would lead the country to democracy.
On 10 acres 30 tables were set up, each 250 feet in length.
Jan Mondry, who comes to breakfast the following morning, is a reader for the German Protestant congregation in Wroclaw and an active member of the German Union there.
The Juilliard Symphony is made up mostly of younger undergraduates, who can be expected to have neither the experience nor the high-quality instruments of their elders.
Reports reaching Baghdad from the besieged American Embassy compound in Kuwait indicated that the Ambassador there, W. Nathaniel Howell, was confident that 90 percent of the Americans in hiding in Kuwait had been notified of the evacuation plan by tonight.
Starting in 1987, it required that we also record and keep forever the names of the patients we dispensed to.
---- White House Objects WASHINGTON, June 7 - The White House today made known its strong objections to legislation passed in the House Wednesday night that would relax controls on exports of computers and other advanced technology to the Soviet Union and Eastern Europe, but set conditions curbing the President's foreign policy discretion.
He resigned as Prime Minister yesterday.
'Too Early' for Judgment ''It's too early to make a definite judgment on how quick the economy will react to the new set of incentives being introduced,'' he said.
Ms. Mulligan has already been certified as the Republican candidate from Illinois' 55th House District, after an official canvass showed her defeating Miss Pullen by 31 votes, 7,431 to 7,400.
After the primer dries, apply latex exterior house paint to cover the repair completely.
There was no independent confirmation tonight that Mr. Gralak or any of the other people named by Polish journalists as being connected to the intelligence services had in fact held such posts.
In last year's third quarter, Chemical posted a loss of $824.6 million, reflecting large additions to its loss reserves for loans to third world countries and problems with its Texas Commerce unit.
Great powers do not ordinarily agree, and agree quickly, to let their erstwhile (and possibly future) enemies maintain more troops in an important area than they are permitted to maintain - especially when the new levels mean a complete reversal of a balance that has prevailed for 45 years.
Two Decades of Competition These are twins in the closest sense, roommates since birth, best friends but now increasingly more curious to discover life without each other sometime after the 1992 Barcelona Olympics, their planned final stop as athletes.
gets the West Bank and the power to deny Jews the right to live there.
''I'm one of the cheapest triathletes you'll find,'' says Sally Taggart, a 24-year-old petroleum engineer with Chevron in Houston.
But here in Strathcona - population 47 - where the snows begin to fall in October and don't melt again until early April, that can mean a lot.
Dr. Harris is an enthusiastic teacher of French and English literature at Queens College, but her real passion is for the culture of the African-Atlantic world, especially as it manifests itself in food.
It's hard to follow sports when you can't see the players, but now those who are visually impaired are going to get a chance to participate in one of the hallmarks of fandom, through a line of Braille sports cards.
The ties between Wesleyan and the all-male Chi Psi, Psi Upsilon, Beta Theta Pi and Delta Kappa Epsilon along Wesleyan's High Street in the middle of the campus include both financial support and special housing arrangements.
Unlike trades of stocks that are listed, over-the-counter transactions are conducted through a telephone and computer network of dealers, rather than on the floor of an organized exchange.
I've watched the Colts all of my life.
Horses go from one on rockers that should have been put out to grass long ago to the scrawny nags in 17th century, possibly Dutch engravings and the three harnessed to a phaeton in a Currier and Ives lithograph.
Paying the Bills The costs of electricity and rent at several of the new companies were charged to the District Enterprise while decisions on how much should be reimbursed for assets ''was done in a way profitable to the companies,'' the report said.
Since the overall level of interest rates is greatly influenced by the pace of inflation, slower inflation should help reduce rates.
be understood that HMG do not desire to encourage the exploration of Arabia," the (real-life) British Secretary of State for India stated in a secret document in November 1912.
Those talks are in the preliminary stages, with the central Government -- confronted by rising separatist demands across the nation -- generally trying to maintain that the existing laws and economic dictates of Moscow must be observed until a new union treaty is enacted.
Cureton, who was battling Stuart Gray for a backup center position, had better numbers than Gray during the preseason.
In the hands of Tokyo's few soba-masters, this common dish has been elevated into an engaging play of low and high culture, the old Japan and new.
Ms. Swain said she told Ms. Van Valey that she could write a statement to be passed out with the program if she wished.
Her fluency served her well in the partnering and lifts (set to the Paul Winter Consort's ''Dance of the Golden Bough'').
To make matters even worse, many school districts across the state accept the funds but make no effort to provide the required diagnostic screening services.
''It never really struck me as odd,'' said Charles Rudig of Sotheby's auction house.
''Now the task is to build an open system.
Most of it is innocuous.
Mr. Kolton said that the elder Mr. Smith then asked: said: ''You know whose fault this is?
On the other hand, he notes, ''the client is left with millions of dollars of free advice - now there's something fundamentally wrong with that.''
9 12 SUMMER OF '49, by David Halberstam.
Ms. Marr and other analysts have raised the question of whether the officer corps, dispersed since the end of the Iran-Iraq war, can be sufficiently reconstituted to give today's army the same battle-hardened leadership it had two years ago.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Mesa Airlines (OTC) Qtr to Dec 31 1989 1988 Revenue 7,733,220 4,776,997 Net inc 326,548 107,783 Share earns .20 .07 View Full Article in Timesmachine »
SOMETIMES people have no idea what they are eating, and more often than not it is probably better that they not ask.
He said scientists had long ago concluded that that was the explanation for the virtual identity between the two viruses, adding that Dr. Gallo would not be facing his current difficulties if he had admitted this sooner.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Jeanette Sparks, real estate business director for Michael Fox, said her firm is trying to arrange a private sale.
''I think each person tried to think for themselves.''
She was smiling in reminiscence.
Judge Costantino, a lifelong resident of Staten Island, was 70 years old.
Belatedly, there is a brief and unconvincing attempt at psychological analysis with the suggestion that a boyhood trauma involving the entrapment of a prostitute led to a prolonged sense of guilt.
The bridegroom is a grandson of the late Mr. and Mrs. Hayden Newhall Smith of Greenwich, Conn. Mr. Smith was a partner in the New York law firm of Winthrop, Stimson, Putnam & Roberts and a deputy assistant chief of staff of the United States armed forces in Europe in World War II.
There is a long pause.
''It's a great piece of memorabilia,'' she said.
''There's something more here than Freddy Jackson and something more than his managers.
''People didn't put enough money in the collection plates.''
Micky Arison, who has been running the day-to-day Carnival operations for the last 11 years, has characterized his father as an entrepreneurial dreamer while he termed himself more of a manager.
Two preview parties will be held to benefit the East Side House Settlement, which has been providing a vast range of services to residents of the South Bronx for almost a century.
But in Killeen, people like Mayor Blair find it bitterly ironic that their city has fallen victim to the cold war it helped to win.
The bride is a clinical dietitian at the Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital in New Brunswick, N.J.
He played for a major college.
The case is the first major Federal decision on drug tests for people applying for government jobs, said Arthur Spitzer of the American Civil Liberties Union, who represented Mr. Willner.
The price of new motor vehicles was unchanged last month - and has risen just 1.9 percent since August 1989, while used cars rose modestly for the month but remain 1.7 percent below the level of a year before.
But the style with which he depicts it vacillates too neatly between Diane Arbus's sense of freakishness and Helen Leavitt's sense of spontaneity, ritual and human dignity.
Several billion dollars are thought to circulate in Argentina in a sort of parallel dollar economy.
This shifting of accounts made it more difficult to follow the trail of money under Luxembourg's bank secrecy laws.
They are the people in between, they say, neither European nor Arabic, neither West nor East.
(The Hyde Park Hotel (telephone 235 2000) is at 66 Knightsbridge, and breakfast is served from 7:30 to 10:30 A.M.) Fox & Anchor Disraeli once observed that there are two Englands, and the persistent reality of the country's class distinctions is cast into sharp relief by a quick ride on the Underground from Knightsbridge to a delightfully rough-edged working-class pub near the Farringdon Street station called the Fox & Anchor.
Ego and greed on the part of both publishers and authors have helped to create a bonfire of returned, unsalable books.
Hunter's outreach programs help us share our differentiated curriculums and teaching strategies with counterparts in other elementary schools in Brooklyn and Manhattan.
''What it will be in three months, I don't know.
Leo T. Maher, the Roman Catholic Bishop of San Diego.
They offer a joyless adagio that is relieved by a refreshing male and female ensemble.
''The arch serves as a barricade between the entrance and the living and dining rooms,'' Bray explains.
The Houdini of the legal system has gotten out of the locked trunk.
$1 MILLION MILE Royal Academy became the fourth European-based horse in seven years to win the $1 million Mile as he ran down the American long shot Itsallgreektome to win by a neck under Lester Piggott, who came out of retirement last week at the age of 55.
"The condition for staying here is that you do your programs.
I'm thinking of doing a straitjacket in diamonds for myself.''
It would also bring in another half-million dollars by shaving the salaries of Mr. Fernandez and other top managers.
Calderon, 28 years old, drove in 74 runs and hit 14 home runs for the White Sox this year.
''I thought it was a home run,'' Leyland said, a bit wearily.
After graduating from the University of Michigan, she joined J. Walter Thompson in 1963 as a secretary and was soon accepted into its copy-writing program.
's Is Schwab Still A Discounter?
In SoHo, the impressive new Angelika Film Center is a rising star, though it has concentrated on American independents rather than foreign films.
Buckwheat is extremely rich in potassium, phosphorus and niacin and is high in protein.
She badgers city caseworkers to help out with housing and welfare payments.
's do try to be friendly and they do a good job, but it's not in their nature."
Mr. McCain's lawyer, John M. Dowd, is a former prosecutor in the Justice Department's Orgainzed Crime and Racketeering Section, while William M. Taylor 3d, Mr. Cranston's lawyer, has handled savings and loan cases.
Bursting with ruefully funny stories about Jewish family life and guilt and the daily life of a dance company, most of them told by Ms. Lampert as she moves through "Inventory 1990" with nine other performers, the dance alludes to lives lived within the ring of a telephone call announcing another death.
Later, administrators would remind residents that there were in fact rules - no drugs, alcohol or weapons were permitted.
She had a week to move.
(Ages 10 to 14) Twelve-year-old Janessa Kessel has been shoved from a speeding car by an unidentified man who abducted her as she walked into a grocery store in Hanover, Ga. Now she lies in the hospital with a fractured back and leg in traction, ''pinioned to the bed, weights and pulleys attached to one leg, Crutchfield tongs to her head.''
The overall experience was not without stress.
"Obviously there was no agreement on exclusivity," she said.
An intercontinental ballistic missile goes ballistic, or unguided, when it re-enters the atmosphere; similarly, when a missile fired from a plane does not smartly follow its assigned course to the target, but flies straight as a bullet, the pilot will mutter that it ''went ballistic'' and it's not his fault he's not an ace.
The future of American publishing, in no small degree, will depend on which of the two schools is right.
There was the name of a man who holds drugs and guns, a woman who holds drugs for street runners (her children) and a man who sells drugs on weekends when he is released from jail.
The person internally incapable of incrimination brushes off external charges.
By handing Phoenix the Super Bowl, the owners fell behind by four touchdowns on the issue of a King holiday.
'WITHOUT A BLEMISH' LOS ANGELES, Aug. 24 (Special to the New York Times) ''We've come out without a blemish, and we're absolutely thrilled and delighted,'' said Rob Halford, the lead singer for the British heavy-metal group Judas Priest.
Despite their differences, these shows go together like hand and glove or, more exactly, like cause and effect.
A friend in another town had just died of AIDS, the woman said.
Look,'' he said, pointing through a gap in the cluster of emergency-room doctors frantically working over the body, ''there's his heart.''
In those years, Joyce was beginning ''Ulysses'' and Stravinsky was composing ''Le Sacre du Printemps.''
They share in the board's duty to oversee the general direction of the company and insure that it is run in a prudent manner.
These are supremely accomplished artists.
Certainly no one is so naive as to believe that Hollywood is ''monolithically Jewish,'' as Mr. Gabler stated - and to my knowledge no one there made that claim.
When a player retires or reaches the age of 30, whichever is later, he would be entitled to withdraw monthly payments until he reaches the age of 50 and becomes eligible for the regular league pension plan.
Strangely, this book is sponsored by the Sierra Club, which maintains a powerful and effective lobbying arm.
He is one of 124 inmates on death row in Illinois, but Charles Walker, condemned in 1983 after pleading guilty to killing two people, is closest to being executed.
But the strongest and most surprising development from designers purportedly looking to the future was their propensity for going back to the ethnic-inspired designs of the 60's, when fashion tended to be one big costume party.
As essential Government functions went uninterrupted and most nonessential workers stayed home as usual on a Sunday, the greatest effect of the continuing budget dispute was felt by vacationers, who found the nation's parks and monuments closed at a time when tourism is usually booming.
Mr. Kerkorian had told Chrysler he would accept the company's stock as payment for MGM/UA.
Add the chicken stock and truffle juice and reduce by half, strain and set aside.
Six uniformed men were hastily pressed into service as coffin bearers.
Hazy Blotches Increase All radar has ''ground clutter,'' the record of beams that have bounced off surrounding objects - like skyscrapers - instead of clouds overhead.
He always carried a full caseload and, by all accounts, represented the lowliest defendant as if he were Leopold and Loeb combined.
Harsh Diplomatic Exchanges Last week, several of the Cubans who had made their way into Czechoslovak diplomatic premises became violent, briefly taking diplomats hostage, destroying property and threatening to blow up the mission.
And the company could be fined up to $600,000.
He said the company already had ''full access to 80 percent of the property'' required to bury the pipeline.
In the case in London the women, who expect to give birth to twins this summer, were each given two embryos, researchers said.
Conceived of as far back as 1979, the Taj swallowed up at least $500 million in often wasteful, stop-and-go construction costs.
This year Hungary marks the 500th anniversdary of his death with an exhibition at the history museum in Buda castle, concerts and other events.
A Tradition Begun, American Craft Museum, 40 West 53d Street; 212-956-3535.
Shackleford, a 23-year-old power forward, has not played since Feb. 21 because of an infected right elbow.
The Rams led by 54-33 at the half as Lopez and Herzog each scored 18 points.
Pale floral fabric covered the bedroom walls and matched the headboard on the king-size bed.
The Hasidic children, educated separately and distinct in their dark dress and religious habits, have little interaction with the Hispanic children who live next door.
''I'm impressed,'' Dr. Seaborg said.
Not suprisingly, Mr. Kasparov received the gambit with a look of incredulity.
He is well-schooled in the Celtic ways.
Mr. Dudley, who had been married to the late Martha Fairchild Ward, is survived by two daughters, Donica Ward Dudley of Davis, Calif., and Martha Fairchild Dudley of Augusta, Mont.
In fact, the turn in auto demand came so sharply that it generated new problems.
In any case, repeating the military's alleged viewpoint obscures the reality that the Jesuits were murdered for doing what intellectuals should be doing in times of deep conflict: telling the truth about the events and situation of their country; naming the injustice and challenging the caricature of democracy it represents; documenting the sources of violence and human rights abuses, and shaping a university to prepare students for a life of service to the poor majority.
It includes several violent and gruesome scenes, and a few sexual references.
''They said I am too skinny to serve so hard,'' he said.
Wheelchair accessibility: Down four steps; restrooms on same level.
Mariano discouraged contact with the settlers, and while he says he never refused them the sacraments, he chose not to include them in his parish.
The family-breakdown thesis arrived at just the moment the 60's exploded, vaporizing the liberal consensus along with so much else.
With the new agreements, that will increase to $26 million a club next season and to $29.9 million, $35.1 million and $39 million in the remaining years of the contracts.
''For me the seder is more than ritual,'' Mr. Papp said.
Town officials said he made it clear at the time that he did not want the pipeline going through his land.
The district, which includes Rockland County and parts of Orange and Sullivan Counties, also has a Right to Life Party candidate, Margaret M. Beirne.
One ''recurrent problem'' Gilligan identified was that previous studies - based largely on male subjects - interpreted the ability to reason from abstract principles as a sign of having reached the highest plane of moral development.
Highlights in Jazz, a monthly series of concerts, will be presented at the Pace Downtown Theater, 3 Spruce Street, beginning Thursday at 8 P.M. Past concerts in the 20-year-old series had been held in the Loeb Student Center at New York University.
Later in London, it was quoted at a higher rate of 125.90.
The tour guide, Jim (Max) Beterbide, is a Basque American living in Bilbao who is fluent in Spanish, French, English and - a rare treat - Basque.
The meeting was videotaped and broadcast tonight on Iraqi television.
''I see the turnpike as a classic case of an authority run wild,'' said Barbara L. Lawrence, a spokeswoman for the Regional Plan Association, a nonprofit agency concerned with the metropolitan region.
Both elements suggested that Mr. Greenberg is moving in directions that are new for him.
Speaking on condition of anonymity, the aides also said Mr. Bush did not mean for his speech to toughen the tone of the oratory directed at Mr. Hussein.
''I'm not getting very much sleep,'' she says.
There's going to be some survival of the fittest going on."
The Hindu, a daily newspaper based in the southern city of Madras, said 10 to 15 members of the group boarded the train and handed out pamphlets protesting a Supreme Court injunction suspending implementation of the job quota plan.
He died in 1940 in Mexico at the hands of assassins who were Soviet agents.
Her readers, young and old, will respond to the complex and deeply moving journey she describes in ''Voyages.''
The Other Guerrillas Tupac Amaru takes pains to demonstrate that it does not intentionally kill civilians, as Shining Path does on a wide scale.
Mr. Mangaliman, who attended the meeting, said, ''I would be naive not to see that Howard Stern was an opportunity to do what we had asked for in the first place.''
Now I have lost the house.
TO say that Dorothy (Dodo) Cheney comes from a tennis-playing family is like saying there is water in the ocean.
Now, in many critical cases, change is made slowly by narrow majorities.
Producing for Others Minor league people within and outside the Yankee organization say, however, that if the Yankees are willing to adopt a three-year planning approach, there is enough solid talent to fashion a contender.
"He has had the courage to think broad and large," Willard Gaylin said here last year.
The criminal justice program emerging from negotiations between the Mayor and City Council gives an answer: $450 million a year.
Eight members of the Salvadoran armed forces, including a colonel, have been arrested in the case, but no further judicial action has been taken.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Akorn Inc. (OTC) Qtr to Dec 31 1989 1988 Sales 3,473,991 2,779,974 Net inc 232,120 165,020 Share earns .02 .02 6mo sales 6,764,524 5,688,642 Net inc 599,777 421,018 Share earns .06 .04 View Full Article in Timesmachine »
For example, he said, if the climate warms, the prairie will begin to encroach upon the woods.
Terri Capatosto, a spokeswoman for McDonald's, said: ''There is no point in doing this if we are not willing to look at options.
Since there are so many clematis hybrids that bloom at different times of the year, it is difficult to make a general rule about care and pruning.
As a result, very little comes into focus in these illustrations.
In the case of ''Truly Blessed: A Musical Celebration of Mahalia Jackson,'' due at the Longacre Theater in mid-April, costs have been contained because it's a small musical - a cast of five, with four musicians on stage - and because it's coming in, with minor set changes, from a run last year at Ford's Theater in Washington.
''Frequently, boxes of music are left on our doorstep like foundlings at the church door,'' says Sue Loomis, the library's associate director.
Mr. North, of the National Association of Realtors, said the state's proposed solution outmatched the problem.
''There's a total involvement that I find inspiring.''
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
The Heritage Passion for Books And Eccentricities At Random House, Mr. Vitale's arrival was awaited with some trepidation.
But the unspoken questions hover over reunification: a united Germany in the past led only to suffering.
On Thursday, the jail administrator, Bill Broome, met with two members of the Tarrant County Gay Alliance and said the policy would be reconsidered.
Herein lies the soul of his work.
''We have to declare a last-minute, some kind of drop-dead date.''
A14 The initial deployment of U.S. forces to Saudi Arabia is ''the tip of the wedge,'' Pentagon officials said.
Last Monday, the legislators tabled a proposal for a two-year, 11 percent salary and benefit package for the county's 600 top managers and its elected officials.
But environmentalists see the House debate as an opportunity for strengthening the legislation.
If a bank has to have its loan portfolio in a certain shape by a certain date, she said, chances are it will get its loans in compliance as soon as possible and not put the changes off until the last moment.
My wife and I are planning to visit Germany, the Netherlands and Austria in the spring.
TAXABLE TUESDAY Norfolk and Western Railway Co., $34.95 million in equipment trust certificates 1991-2005, NR/Aaa/AAA.
''The criminal acts include extortion, bribery, mail fraud, assault, murder and - the complaint alleges - year after year after year, extensive embezzlement of union funds,'' he said.
''We'll have more cases reported for a while and it will make us wonder, 'What kind of place are we?'
If the critically acclaimed production does move, it will be without Mr. Baldwin, who is leaving for a film commitment.
Stephanie Birney Danforth, the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Murray S. Danforth of Providence and Exeter, R.I., was married yesterday to Lincoln Davenport Chafee, a son of Senator and Mrs. John H. Chafee of McLean, Va., and Warwick, R.I.
''The problems of obtaining accurate measurements of erosion from historical data have been overcome in recent years,'' Stephen P. Leatherman, a coastal geologist at the University of Maryland, told a Congressional hearing this month.
Of the three of my brothers who were scouted, he was also the only one who decided to play professional baseball.
For The News were Edward Gold, director of labor relations, and Bud Johansen, of the Nashville law firm of King & Ballow, which has a name for aggressive labor negotiations and has represented The News throughout the dispute.
But even if it's just a look we give, or a pat, there are little things we can do to help the nine guys on the field.
Nobody, it seems, can destroy the magic of Christmas.
A Role as a Pimp Since ''Sweetback,'' Mr. Van Peebles has worked on three film and video projects, all of which will be shown in the retrospective.
Move the rosebush toward a sheltering wall, away from high winds, and be sure that the soil in the container is moist during the winter months.
In interviews over the last few months, they have found that he has few friends or confidants and was even at odds over the years with his brothers and sisters over their parents' estate.
They are simply come-ons to consumers.''
Of the other three pieces, one was from 1988, still another from 1981 and, to provide some perspective, the very first dated from 1926.
It also implies structural adjustments that promote world economic growth, particularly in developing countries, while ensuring the well-being of the most vulnerable sectors of the populations, in particular, the children.
Acknowledging the Problem ''The lessons really have sunk in,'' said Aprodicio Laquian, a Filipino who recently completed a five-year assignment in China as country director of the United Nations Fund for Population Activities.
''We don't think it was adequate, but we would have had no stronger leverage for a longer term even if he was convicted of all counts at a trial,'' he said.
Mr. and Mrs. Rheuban made individual contributions to the Senator's 1986 re-election campaign, held fund-raisers, and gave $50,000 to a voter-registration organization backed by Mr. Cranston and headed by Kim Cranston, the Senator's son.
Similar legislation will soon reach the Senate floor.
Trained in handling snakes at the Miami Serpentarium, Mr. Whitaker decided to begin a venom-extraction company.
What everybody is looking for is the picture that will open, play through the roof and then hold, but that hasn't been found yet.''
Both Mr. Scardino and Mr. Steisel said the loss of cars will probably infuriate city employees who have become accustomed to city-subsidized commuting.
The judge, who has a brisk even-handed manner, says he loves his work so much that ''I tell everybody that I hate when Friday comes and can't wait for Monday.''
In today's global marketplace, knowledge of foreign markets and cultures is high on that list.
This is especially true of the part of the exhibition devoted to postwar photography, where Mr. Szarkowski's characteristically sure hand seems to waver.
But enough rank-and-file Democrats defected to push the cut through the House last year.
We would wave to Mr. Harden at the door as we carefully drove off, like two old ladies going to church.
Brother's Work Mr. Jochec's brother Anthony also has his own company, Art Cut Glass Studio, at his home in Old Bridge Township, N.J. ''Basically, I do restoration on all kinds of art glass and ordinary glass,'' he said.
Monday's filing was Eastern's fifth request for cash from the account, Mr. Mattell said.
"Rock-and-roll, like the theater, has one really negative side, which is repetition," he said.
A spokesman for the agency, Jack Killorin, refused to disclose the agency's findings but said that specialists would try to ''reconstruct that vehicle at two seconds before the blast'' to determine the type of explosive used and how it was detonated.
We are working with the kids better than anyone else, and people are jealous.
The bridegroom, known as Gibson, is a Yale University graduate and received an M.B.A. in May from Harvard University.
News organizations will have a hard time informing the public if they are routinely hauled into court to produce notes or unused television footage about a crime or accident that becomes the subject of court action.
Federal investigators determined that the Amtrak trainee and a supervising engineer in the locomotive with him applied the brakes at least once before reaching the curve.
Christian Santiago, who accused me of being on a ''witch hunt.''
"We can feel pretty sure now, with the student loans they can get to help out, that all of them can go on and get a college education."
Her sultry performance as the feisty bombshell Daisy in ''Mystic Pizza'' earned her critical acclaim and the widespread notice of casting directors.
''They stopped us defensively, and we got a little rattled.
An Offer Rejected The fresco is now boarded up, and although the debate has cooled, the dispute is not over.
But then the measly Yankee batting averages got a little meatier when New York tied the score in the fifth.
Andrea Stewart Whitton and Peter Schoellkopf were married yesterday at the Vanderbilt Mansion in Oakdale, L.I., by the Rev.
Maas came to the plate in the second inning against the Mariners' starting pitcher, Erik Hanson, and drove a 1-and-0 pitch into the third deck, becoming only the 21st player to reach that level in the 14 years that baseball has been played at the Kingdome.
At the return of the main theme, Miss Mutter's innate reserve gave way to a superb lyricism and just the right degree of melting sentiment.
But when I write for the theater, I write reaching out in the hope of striking an imaginative chord in a director whose sensibility is as quirky as my own.
With a mixture of fanfare and skepticism, Los Angeles this week opens the first leg of a multibillion-dollar, 150-mile commuter rail line intended to help save this car-choked city from a future of paralyzed roads and unbreathable air.
The developer, Xanadu Properties Associates, withdrew its application three months ago, as it had done once before, in the face of its rejection by the Secretary of State, Gail S. Shaffer.
That went on pretty much for the duration.''
For many of them, the memories are bittersweet, and the assembly is a homecoming.
Another work, ''Chaos and Pattern'' by Martin Riches, is a computerized pinball machine that operates a wooden flute playing 18th-century French songs.
Patience is what -- Q.
Because of the weight and drainage problems, many prefer to use the potting mixtures sold in large bags at garden supply stores.
So he proposed an amendment that would have diluted the bill by eliminating the fees.
''They say they've traded me, but I'm not going anywhere,'' Winfield said.
Mrs. Lebron, 70, Mr. Flores, 66, and Mr.
Asked to choose between Republicans and Democrats for doing a better job of protecting the environment, 55 percent picked the Democrats and 36 percent chose the Republicans, according to a Harris poll in February.
The letter hailed the passage of a resolution approved in Geneva on Tuesday that implicitly criticized the Castro Government for reported acts of political repression.
It is less than human and even less than rational to consider war only in strategic jargon.
ENTERED FROM THE SUN, by George Garrett.
One of Mr. Sobchak's most ambitious promises is to create a ''free economic zone'' in Leningrad, using new authority over tax and land use policies to make the port city a haven for foreign investment.
Mr. Merin defended the use of factors like residence, saying they were used by most Blue Cross organizations in other states.
The second issue is whether a senator can receive a reimbursement for living at home.
A confrontation between two rival Chinese gangs on a busy street in Chinatown erupted into gunfire yesterday, leaving one one gang member critically wounded and two bystanders injured, the police said.
An internal investigation by the Department of Housing and Urban Development has found the appearance of favoritism but no wrongdoing in three no-bid contracts awarded last year to a former top aide to Housing Secretary Jack F. Kemp and to two former Treasury Department officials, officials say.
No other category is so costly.
The magazine quoted him as having told an associate, "I want to be the man who has on his epitaph that he saved The Daily News."
''I spent 38 years here, the best part of my life, and I want to see the plant through to make sure it's built in the city, not in some cornfield in Ohio or Kentucky.''
''Six weeks ago, museums and bona fide institutions were considered immune,'' said Marc D. Mezibov, another defense lawyer in the case.
Valentino Garavani expressed the prevailing attitude just before his show at the Palais de Chaillot on Wednesday night.
They drove around town honking their horns.
Egyptian forces in Saudi Arabia include the Third Mechanized Division, described by Egyptian military officials as a 15,000-man unit that has taken up positions north and west of Hafr al-Baten.
It purchased the company for an initial consideration of $42 million in September 1987, and subsequent profit-related payments pushed the cost to $116 million.
The Crayola brand accounts for 80 percent of the crayons sold in the United States.
In 1983 the judge invalidated a Miami ordinance that was intended to regulate cable television broadcasts of "indecent" material.
Still, I am a practical woman, and those patches that shredded at a touch were distressing.
Friends of the Opposite Sex ''A lot of singles want to become part of a couple again, but a lot don't,'' said Miss Krivosheiw of Singles for Charities.
But they added, ''Today's new test development further erodes the Navy's theory that Claton Hartwig committed mass murder and suicide in the Iowa turret.'''
He is to call me to come pick him up.
Warren County: Lake George Islands and Luzerne, both Sept. 17; Lake George Battleground and Rogers Rock, both Oct. 15.
Banners and Quiet Gatherings Yet some students and intellectuals have been surprisingly bold, putting up posters and banners and holding quiet gatherings at a half-dozen universities and other institutions.
The applications are reviewed by a board of examiners chosen largely from industry, but with a sprinkling of academics and consultants.
On the eve of the Bush formalization of the Baker accords, where does each nation stand?
But he considered himself primarily a teacher, not an educational administrator or an author.
He specializes in the work of Japanese contemporary artists and also stocks 20th-century European and American art.
''I heard he was very shocked when he wasn't,'' the official said.
That possibility hardly justifies Mr. Bush's scare talk because the location and amount of the fuel is known and verifiable.
Stir in the sugar and bring to a boil over medium-high heat, stirring constantly.
Because Geffen currently distributes through Warner Records, its sales and profits are not reported separately.
A11 Several thousand Kuwaiti refugees streamed into Saudi Arabia after Iraqi troops opened a border crossing.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.
The Government estimated the final cost of the bailout at about $1.4 billion.
To do this, pull out the drawer.
Last year, in a Missouri case, it opened the way for states to adopt restrictions on abortion but did not upset its 1973 decision in Roe v. Wade.
Another member of the committee, John E. Hibbard, director of the Connecticut Forest and Parks Association, said: ''As a society, we're often short-lived in our commitments.
It has been taking place, but it has not been the only thing taking place.''
Debt * Caterpillar Inc., Peoria, Ill., has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for $300 million in debt securities.
'Under Nasser's Protection' But the memories of Mr. Abdel Meguid say something about the style of Nasser's Egypt and the Arab nationalists who sought its inspiration and shelter.
Their business affairs people talk to each other and know exactly what you did and for how much, in what I consider a violation of antitrust laws.
Several pharmaceutical companies, including the Cetus Corporation in Emeryville, Calif., and Merck, Sharp & Dohme, a division of Merck & Company Inc. in Rahway, N.J., are investigating potential anti-cancer therapies based on manipulating the known tumor-suppressor protein.
The changes are expected to pass since both the board majority and minority leaders voiced support for the additional funding.
Some called it farsighted and others called it naive when a special Los Angeles commission proposed the ''toughest set of ethics laws in the country'' two and a half months ago.
(AP) Bucks 92, Pistons 84: Brad Lohaus scored 25 points, including six 3-pointers, and Milwaukee ended Detroit's streak of 15 consecutive victories at home.
''Some people may discover that the cold they get at the same time every year is in fact an allergy to one or more pollens,'' he said.
But while the cost-benefit analyses go on and deadlines are extended, parents seem to be accepting the wisdom of this step; safety seats are increasingly used on planes for both ticketed and unticketed infants.
Several Government officials who declined to be identified agreed to provide new details about the operation involving Mr. Eleta, which was named Panama 4, to illustrate the difficulties that have beset the C.I.A.
89-1433, [U.S. v. Eichman] the United States prosecuted certain appellees for violating the Flag Protection Act of 1989 by knowingly setting fire to several United States flags on the steps of the United States Capitol while protecting various aspects of the Government's domestic and foreign policy.
''I have great confidence in Pete,'' Steinbrenner said.
for an obviously new world, a select and streamlined agency shorn of its operational folly and extraconstitutional means.
"Most people think geese are stupid, but these are super-wise birds," Gilbert murmured as he watched.
The other charges carry up to 5 to 15 years.
Though the victory margin for Mr. Walesa was impressive, there were heavy costs for him in the campaign.
Every week she took him to a charity clinic, where they had to wait hours for his treatment.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Craftmatic/Contour Indusries (OTC) Qtr to Dec 31 1989 1988 Sales 14,371,000 10,128,000 Net inc 644,000 247,000 Share earns .17 .06 View Full Article in Timesmachine »
The protesters were killed when the Israeli police opened fire on thousands of Palestinians who threw stones at them and then over the Western Wall, where Jews were worshiping below.
"What happened this morning is another result of the violent incitement among the Arabs toward fundamentalism and extremism," Mr. Pazner said.
''We don't know the answer to those questions,'' he said.
"We're not talking about a cult here.
It's too disturbing to think about it beyond that."
Why does the terrible convention keep recurring?
This remark is not meant to be entirely facetious.
Computers and Control Stick The 150-seat A320 is one of the most successful new planes in history.
He was released on March 13.
A Constitutional amendment requires the approval of two-thirds of the House and Senate and ratification by 38 state legislatures.
It's a totally different thing than what we think of as terrorism.
2 male player, had all sorts of problems steeling himself to counter the bold, balanced attack of Cahill.
There was nothing much wrong with their dancing, although it was mostly uninspired.
The book alleges that "a massive conspiracy ordered J.F.K.
Planning for Future After creating the situation, Johnson seemed baffled by it.
The court adjourned indefinitely today when Mr. Dahamshe said that he had not received all of the records of Sheik Yassin's interrogation, and requested more time to review the case.
On the other hand -- as Tevye would say -- Topol is not hilarious like Mr. Mostel, nor as expressive a musical performer.
Much of the horse-trading over the deficit-reduction occurred weeks ago, even though the deals were not made final until Mr. Rostenkowski and Mr. Bentsen held their private meeting on Thursday night.
But I do take all the other data into consideration.
''It's going to be difficult to keep our composure,'' Tab Ramos, the midfielder, said before practice today at the team's training complex 60 miles west of here in Tirrenia.
It was sent to the present by the dictators of the future to carry out a murder.
''How do you think we'd survive without one?''
He was 77 years old.
And while the percussion part in ''Ariadne'' draws on the rhythmic cycles of Indian music, the work's wide-ranging flute line is entirely Western, sometimes angular, mostly lyrical.
What makes ''Discontents'' as freshly wounding as it is at its best is Mr. McMahon's ability to put together and speak words, often so fast they are almost incomprehensible, in a mesmerizing litany that has the rhythmic repetitions, the dynamics and the aural subtleties of a piece of music.
The Most Promising The stern lecture was not delivered to the worst offenders, Toyota officials said.
The buyer's apparent eagerness to own the warrants was unusual, traders said, because many investors were trying to sell them on July 12 and an investor could probably have paid less than $7.25 a warrant.
These cause the sash to fit more tightly in the frame, keeping out blasts of cold air.
The Mets still lost the series, two games to one.
Candidate at Penn State STATE COLLEGE, Pa., July 18 (AP) - The committee searching for a new president for Penn State University has recommended an administrator who has been president of the University of Alabama and chancellor of North Carolina State University, a Penn State official said today.
The contraceptive, called Norplant, is implanted under a woman's skin, where it releases a hormone that prevents conception for five years.
Jenlabs' telephone has been out of order for the last week, and a lawyer said to represent the company did not return three calls.
Then rebuild it to its original dimensions by attaching strips of wood veneer to the planed surface.
''But over here we don't call it a spit curl.
He then had various supporting parts before ''Seventh Heaven,'' which opened in New York at the old Sam H. Harris Theater and remained his best-known movie.
The 10 tribal homelands were created on marginal land by the white minority Government in a futile attempt to keep blacks out of urban areas reserved for whites under the apartheid system.
The results offer an extraordinary opportunity, one that last week allowed President Bush to announce the lifting of a five-year economic embargo against Nicaragua and the creation of a ''fund for democracy'' to help the new governments in Nicaragua and Panama, where the American invasion and overthrow of Gen. Manuel Antonio Noriega has brought to power a government of the same ideological bent.
(If Mr. Karpov should win both games, he would get half of the $3 million in prize money; otherwise he will get $1.3 million.)
Plantation Culture The workers, their advocates in Local 1529 of the United Food and Commercial Workers union and even a few iconoclasts in the catfish establishment say the culture of an Old South plantation permeates the industry and is in some ways more offensive than when people picked cotton.
Movements that fought in the trenches of the cold war are flushed out as peace breaks out in Central and Eastern Europe.
An additional 3,853 families, more than 12,000 people, were in the city's 13 family shelters and in hotels Thursday night.
A union spokesman, Tom Ramsay, said the Kaiser employees had accepted a wage freeze three years ago and had stood by the health maintenance organization in nine years of financial difficulty.
Open for lunch and dinner daily except Monday.
Open weekday mornings and afternoons; free.
Don't dismiss the dress-for-success suit.
It was a special few hours.
They will have to shout 'Both for each and each for both!'
Mr. Mundy said he once declined to take drug cases, but found that an untenable position.
Stocks that dropped in price outnumbered those that advanced by 1,037 to 486.
It is clear that independents will continue to add a good portion of the new capcity.
Mr. Zucaro, who has worked closely with Mr. Stover over the years, said any changes would be in ''nuance more than anything else.''
That might seem an odd programming rationale.
There were no figures available, she said, on how much of that aid came from scholarships designated solely for minority students but she said 56 percent of minority students received some form of financial aid in the form of grants, laons, scholarships and employment.
It is divided into some 1,100 operating units.
The original English series focused on the disparities of the English class system, as played out in the children's lives.
Cars change lanes without warning.
When a cerebral artery ruptures, the spilled blood is like a poison: it alters the chemical environment of the nerve cells and causes brain tissue to swell.
Mr. Boesky's testimony came in the securities fraud trial of John A. Mulheren Jr., the former head of Jamie Securities, a defunct stock trading firm.
"In Venice and modern thought, there was an attempt to .
The warm weather has also contributed to a drop in wholesale heating oil prices, though it is difficult to determine how much of the drop is a result of lower demand and how much to the decline in crude oil prices.
''If there was criminal conduct, we will prosecute and put people in jail,'' Mr. Madonna said.
He rated the odds of that happening as small, but said that if minority stakes are sold those proceeds would also be used to retire debt.
That's why I wasn't outspoken.
The overwhelming impression one gets is that Mr. Wolfe has read very little of the fiction of the last 30 years - the period during which, he laments, realism became hopelessly old-hat, practiced chiefly by such antiquated figures as Saul Bellow, Robert Stone (born six years after Mr. Wolfe) and John Updike (one year younger than Mr. Wolfe), who ''found it hard to give up realism'' (as if they ever tried!).
Officials with social-service organizations declared today's ruling a major victory in the fight against homelessness and predicted that the decision would save the state money in the long run.
Dr. Barry R. Bloom, a microbiologist at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine, said the technology existed to improve current vaccines substantially.
He was 86 years old and had spent most of the last two years in and out of hospitals because of diabetes-related heart problems.
We are confident this will be the start of better things for Darryl.''
The Census Bureau, which began distributing its preliminary estimates last week, has now issued figures on 40 states and the District of Columbia, a group making up just under half of the estimated national population.
''I live off the energy this place generates, and I'm totally distracted from my problems,'' she said.
Mr. Simon said his bank was considering offering some form of insurance to sponsors that, for a fee, would assure apartment buyers in their buildings that maintenance payments would be made even if there was a default.
The dollar finished higher against most major currencies except the British pound.
The Thomson team is the most vocal proponent of an enhanced system.
But in 1985, Holy Cross stumbled to a 4-6-1 record.
Luis, the class scientist, also remembered learning from his classmates.
A Too-Familiar Scene ''She said she was just playing with the scissors, but obviously she was cutting threads,'' Mr. Valdevitt said.
"Hoge and The Chicago Tribune set out to bust all of the unions in New York," said Barry Lipton, the president of the Newspaper Guild of New York, which represents news, advertising and circulation workers at The News.
Bamboo Blossoms Bamboo blossoms, Asia benefits.
Light from street lamps shivers on the Danube.
Finger Lakes has been up for sale since last year.
Administration's Stance The Bush Administration has opposed direct Federal regulation of individual Medigap policies, and the insurance industry has expressed concern that such standards might unduly restrict consumers' "freedom of choice."
If the computer industry is to revitalize itself, it will have to come up with ways to appeal to people who have had no reason to buy a personal computer or who need enormous incentives to justify upgrading the systems they already have.
And since 88 percent of the homeless are from four cities - Yonkers, Mount Vernon, White Plains and Peekskill - some communities believe the onus should fall on them.
The Cable Television Advertising Bureau said advertisers spent about $2 billion on cable last year.
''We're always looking for interesting new ingredients and today's customers are ready to accept anything.
[ Text of resolution, page A16. ]
''She was afraid,'' said a friend, who asked not to be identified.
Virginia Carver and Mary Patterson, playing in Beaufort, S.C., scored almost 77 percent, sufficient to win for the North American zone.
Crampton finished with a 66 and a 201 total and pocketed the $35,000 second prize.
The giant cable television company Tele-Communications Inc. this week reported a loss of $44 million in the third quarter, as improved operating results were offset by higher interest expenses and other costs.
May did not return a reporter's calls for comment.
"If war breaks out, we will fight in a way that will make all Arabs and Muslims proud."
Dayjur may be the morning-line favorite in the $1 million Sprint at six furlongs, and up to three Europeans may run in the $3 million Classic -- at the expense of at least one top American colt who may be denied a starting berth.
'One of the Great Rooms' Mr. Lippold said those who worked on the Four Seasons ''created one of the great rooms in the world.''
These breakthroughs include: * Further understanding of the endocrine system, which, along with the nervous system, coordinates and regulates many of the activities of the body, including reproduction.
Another New York-based group, The Student Struggle for Soviet Jewry, said Mr. Gorbachev had made ''intemperate threats'' and given ''tragic confirmation'' of his ''underlying hostility to Israel.''
"I've finished those duties and now I'm back," he said last week.
At the same time, she added, she was convinced that the most detailed account was also the least offensive, and also the most true, as she explained in a column that accompanied the first part of the series.
But Public Enemy and Boogie Down Productions also registered the sense of urgency as urban ghettos grow increasingly desperate and audiences want to know why and what to do.
The Asterisk Witnesses Dave Winfield, the former Yankee outfielder, was on the list with an asterisk, as were Peter Ueberroth, the former commissioner; Kevin Hallinan, baseball's security director; Bob Quinn, general manager of the Cincinnati Reds, who formerly held the same position with the Yankees; Al Whitton and Kim Slamka, former employes of the Winfield Foundation; John Ertmann, a former Yankees lawyer; David Greenfield, Spira's attorney, and Roger Zuckerman and Michael Pisano, two Florida lawyers who have worked with Greenfield on the Spira case.
The loss of authority in Moscow is as sudden as any in memory, apart from that brought about by military defeat.
We haven't won anything yet.''
The way then would be open for collective-security efforts to contain any threat of future Iraqi aggression, even to impose international controls against Iraqi development of nuclear and other exotic weapons.
Suddenly a no-hitter seems an everyday occurrence, as common as bedroom slippers.
Separate ballots were cast for different types of video equipment, with three winners selected in each group.
The dead hulks blight every neighborhood, inviting professional scavengers and showers of broken glass.
On Right to Seek Assistance If those cities are taken, Cambodian officials privately say they fear a collapse of already low army morale and a panic in Phnom Penh.
When the public becomes aware of this blatant favoritism, it will not sit still for it.
We met at university in the West.
But what kind of government does he plan to install in place of the party?
Golden Picture Is Blurred Statistics showing the average age of retirement dropping every decade suggest a golden picture: people leaving jobs in favor of leisure, a welcome reward after years of labor.
And when reporters asked him while he was jogging what he planned to do to sort out the mess, Mr. Bush replied, ''Read my hips.''
Michael Moore of ''Roger and Me'' would never have emerged as last year's most visible and controversial documentary film maker without an inordinately well-developed eagerness to make himself a pest.
Katabira left Makerere Medical school in 1975, in the twilight of its glory.
''It's been like a breath of fresh air since the bus arrived,'' Mr. Kennedy said.
A special prosecutor has granted immunity to a longtime aide to Samuel R. Pierce Jr. and has issued a flurry of subpoenas in a broad expansion of the criminal investigation of fraud and political abuses at the Department of Housing and Urban Development, people involved in the inquiry said today.
Mr. Blakey is survived by four sons, Takashi Buhaina and Kenji Buhaina, both of Manhattan, Gamal Buhaina of Waitsfield, Vt., and Akira Buhaina of Quebec, and four daughters, Gwendolyn Blakey and Evelyn Blakey, both of Manhattan, Jackie Blakey of Florida, and Sakeena Buhaina of San Jose, Calif.
Nancy Miller and Stephen Kling found the choice between the ''mediocre public school around the corner'' and $9,100 private-school tuition intolerable and moved to the Westchester County village of Larchmont after years in New York City.
Stretching Payments "On average, if you don't pay for three consecutive times after getting your first bill, it goes to collection," said Ash Gupta, a vice president of the American Express Company, whose bills are due upon receipt of the monthly statement.
In upholding the 1987 conviction of Robert Rewolinski, the court ruled, 4 to 3, that neither Mr. Rewolinski nor anyone else has a constitutional right to make private calls on police phones.
His father is a dental surgeon in Hammonton.
In addition, Sean Landers's exhibition at Postmasters and Lily van der Stokker's at Feature, two exhibitions that take youth itself as their subject, also fall within the writing-as-art category.
Snow will be hospitalized at least five days, remain on crutches six to eight weeks and resume rehabilitation and training in about six months.
People are going from anywhere to everywhere in a vast urban land area.''
Assumptions about interest rates, inflation and economic growth have a direct bearing on the size, and the Administration has acknowledged that the forecast on which its January budget was based is outdated.
So while Mr. Roche still likes cash, he has reduced his cash position to 13 percent, from 19 percent, in order to buy bonds in Europe, especially Germany and France, because he feels interest rates are near their peak.
And perhaps he has also forgotten which sex determined that females would not share that experience.
Banking companies continued to be mauled as investors worry about rising losses on real estate loans and the growing risk of defaults on other loans.
It took a while for other teams to start looking at offensive players in the draft today.
Today, the main Communist Party newspaper, Trybuna Ludu, acknowledged that the party's property included 463 buildings and was worth millions of dollars.
Their playoff hopes are a mental war among themselves as much as a physical one on the field.
The rate on the exchange debentures due in 2007 is 17 percent, and the rate on the converting debentures due in 2009 is 17 3/8 percent.
But the station's purview takes in all the primary and secondary streams that drain into the St. Croix, whose watershed covers a diverse area over 6,700 square miles.
Ms. Neubert's most striking image has the messengers in profile, swinging their elbows and moving their feet to give the illusion of cycling in place.
Another senior official said that the information Mr. Ramsay was charged with provided to the East bloc was ''extremely serious'' and that his arrest would provide a fuller picture of how the spy ring operated.
Mr. and Mrs. Barry Herman of Cherry Hills, Colo., have announced the engagement of their daughter Karen Paula Herman to Dr. Dale Robert Levy, a son of Dr. and Mrs. Lawrence R. Levy of Pepper Pike, Ohio.
James M. Fox, who is in charge of the F.B.I.
Iowa 64 Purdue 63 IOWA CITY (AP) - Matt Bullard, playing his last game at Carver-Hawkeye Arena, scored 15 points and hit the winning shot as the Hawkeyes knocked the Boilermakers out of the Big Ten lead.
Advertisers, however, doubt that complaints about the Nielsen system will be renewed.
Even so, he acknowledged that the gap in teen-age work-force participation between the city and the nation ''has been a source of continued and growing puzzlement to me.''
''Even though they're fooling no one, it's easier to say 'These people weren't cutting the mustard' than to say 'We're not cutting the mustard,' '' an associate dismissed by Shea & Gould said.
The ruling, by Judge Ronald B. Robie of Sacramento County Superior Court, set aside regulations, accepted by Gov.
An inmate awaiting trial for murder was reported missing from Rikers Island on Friday and may have escaped in a stolen car, a correction department spokeswoman said.
Still more have been dismissed in the last few weeks, when hiring everywhere is slow.
Six feet six and 200 pounds, he moved with a power and grace that many mistook for nonchalance.
ALONG with their sensible, classic clothes, Lands' End has always offered some products for the home.
Ford brought out a four-door utility vehicle, the Explorer, $15,406, a few months ago.
Siberia has the best situation.
And we didn't show enough poise offensively.''
And neither Florida jury will have the last word -- their community standards won't be the same as those in Dallas, or San Antonio, or perhaps even in Broward County itself if the trials of Too Much Joy and Mr. Geringer take place.
But she said: ''We couldn't afford to wait because we would lose these kids.
My basement floor has hairline cracks in the concrete, and these cracks seem to become more numerous and more noticeable as time goes on.
Many Japanese companies are very concerned about what they see as the Draconian powers given to I.R.S.''
TODAY'S COLUMNS ''Slugflation,'' not ''staglation,'' better describes the current mix of sluggish growth and sluggishly rising prices.
Changes in Soviet-Watching Several Government officials said that Mr. Gorbachev's ascension marked the start of changes in the American intelligence community's approach to Soviet-watching.
May wedding plans for Sally Morgan Dommerich and William Dice Lineberry, the son of Dr. and Mrs.
The release of the captives was a consequence of President F. W. de Klerk's announcement on Monday that an indemnity against prosecution would be extended to political exiles and prisoners.
The battle for control of East Beirut resumed after Christian mediators had failed to find a common denominator between General Aoun, who commands an army of 15,000 men, and Mr. Geagea, whose 10,000-man militia is in virtual control of the 300-square-mile Christian enclave.
It was in answer to these shibboleths, and the hysteria that produced them, that in 1930 the Code was born.
Credit cards: All major cards.
With this, Mr. Polozkov assumed the leadership mantle of the party's majority of hard-line loyalists and increasingly anxious careerists.
One was his appointment by President Lyndon B. Johnson as the first chairman of the White House Fellows program.
Each IMP would be connected to another IMP on a leased phone line and be capable of sending and receiving at what then seemed like very high speeds.
You can make reservations on your own, using the example below, but a travel agent might know of similar options and could make travel arrangments connecting the packages.
No cases among people have been reported here, and nationally there have been only 10 cases in the last decade.
Besides, he says, East Berlin is already the capital of East Germany, and to leave the capital in Bonn would look too much as if West Germany is simply annexing the East.
Then place a 2 x 4 board or a pair of bricks on top of the plastic to hold it against the corner where the wall and floor meet.
The pilot, an 18-year veteran, said he and two other crew members had been ordered to fly their helicopter from the Bucharest Airport and land it on the roof of the downtown headquarters of the Communist Party's Central Committee.
This very building in fact, formerly Charlie Chaplin's movie studio, was the site of the heralded all-night recording of the anti-hunger anthem, "We Are the World," featuring America's top vocal artists and arranged and conducted by Jones himself.
At a time when totalitarian governments are falling elsewhere, Mr. Tesich perhaps wants self-satisfied Americans to see that television and its many tentacles can strangle freedom, morality and feeling surreptitiously as the heavy-handed state of ''Square One'' does by force.
"It is being forced to create programming that will hold people's attention while they're holding their remote control."
Last November, the Knicks handled the Heat at home, 119-99, as Ewing poured in 35 points.
In response, Mr. Phizo founded the Naga National Council, with himself as president.
The Chancellor has oversight, including maintaining citywide educational standards.
Crain's Chicago Business reported today that Mr. Brennan had been told at a directors meeting last Wednesday that he had six months to achieve marked improvement in retail profits.
''Last year, this man from Solidarity said clearly that farms up to 12 acres would have to be liquidated,'' Mr. Kobus said.
Yet many still say the plan creates statewide zoning that requires ''one house per 20 acres zoning.''
His group was originally interested in 80 to 90 percent of the franchise and the $50 million fee would be no problem, he said.
And, when faced with the inevitable losses caused by price slashing, insurers strayed beyond their traditional conservative investment strategies.
There are 8 diplomats and about 20 civilians who have sought refuge at the sprawling United States Embassy in Kuwait.
''She was scared sick, being there, being pregnant.
It is a kind of control without humiliation.
But starting with Wagner's own beginning of the tale, at the ''Rhinegold'' Prelude, this comics version treats his operatic texts with faithfulness and intelligent care.
After World War II Jerry Brody, who had been a pilot in the war and had operated an armed forces snack bar, joined Restaurant Associates at the age of 25.
Emma Goldman, the notorious early anarchist and feminist who was personally escorted by J. Edgar Hoover to the ship on which she was being extradited, is buried near Oak Park.
Brookhaven Town leaders have the opportunity to relearn the wisdom of our grandparents by developing a solid waste management plan without relying upon incineration.
The transition from journalism to fiction is always a precarious trip, for journalism foists dangerous illusions on the incipient fiction writer.
The study is being overseen by Denver doctors from the National Jewish Center for Immunology and Respiratory Medicine and the University of Colorado Medical School.
How do you sell the tickets when audiences can see the best musicians and dancers in their temples for free?
All the film's stylized camera shots, its countless scenes suffused with dark blue light and its symbolic touches - even a rainstorm on the day Megan and the killler meet is exaggerated in its violence - merely add a pretentious tone, however sincere Ms. Bigelow's artistic attempts.
Before Stern inflicted the fines, John Nash, the 76ers' general manager, said by telephone from his office in Philadelphia: ''Charles says outlandish things all the time.
During the second quarter of this year, new issues of securities totaled about $275 million a month, compared with about $3.7 billion a month the year earlier.
Governor Roemer said today that he agreed with the bill's authors, State Representative Ted M. Haik, a Democrat, and State Senator Oswald A. Decuir, who is also a Democrat, about a need ''to inform parents of the content of records purchased by youngsters'' but that the Louisiana bill is ''not the best way to go.''
He coaches young pitchers for the Yankees during spring training in Fort Lauderdale, and he and Mickey Mantle run a Yankees fantasy camp there every October.
Providing affordable housing for the poor and for those forced out of their homes by the excessively high cost of housing, Mr. Roper said, is another pressing need.
''That's our objective,'' he tells her.
How and when the family is notified of sickness, she said, is also vital to know, and answers here provide swift insights into how things run.
They were the worst at taking orders.''
Pressure for Releases Grows But the diplomats also said pressure was building for the release from house arrest of the charismatic leader of the League, Mrs. Aung San Suu Kyi (pronounced awng sahn sue chee), whose boldness appears to have been resoundingly vindicated by these election results.
He had the support of the Republican and Conservative Parties.
"Sixty," she said to a ripple of laughter.
The regions that boomed in the 1980's, like the Northeast and Southern California, appear to have been hit the hardest.
"The what-makes-people-tick factor is what interests me," he said in his sunny suite at the Waldorf Towers during a recent visit to New York from London.
''Fling'' is a fine performance indeed.
"They told us it was a cardiac victim and we all raced to the stretcher," said a nurse, Geraldine T. Ward.
''What may happen is a series of disappointments that bring the market down a little more gradually than we have been accustomed to.''
'You Are Very Humane' ''The feeling of friendship that is being forged now will be a monument that will last forever,'' Mr. Dementei said through an interpreter.
Mr. Kean lead the procession with his wife, Debby.
The workshop, which can accommodate not only a score of kids, but up to 40 adults (stage mothers abound) as well, will be drawing from three genres of the art.
Expansion by Disney Disney is not resting on its laurels at its studio park.
'It Keeps the Rhythm Up' ''I learned a lot in writing this poem,'' he said.
What we see at the County Museum is a general survey of architecture and the arts under Shah Jahan, with occasional direct references to the most famous of his achievements.
The seller can stick to the agreed price for 90 days, or it will be discounted 25 percent after 30 days, then 15 percent more after 60 days, and another 15 percent on the 75th day.
The software costs from $995 for the PC version to more than $15,000 for more advanced versions.
You have to turn a corner and walk uphill through winding, cobblestone streets, past stucco and half-timbered houses with overhanging balconies, all pitched at the wildly Expressionist angles of ''The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari'' -like some charming amalgam of Stratford-on-Avon, Umbria and a village on an Aegean island or perhaps in central Turkey.
Now the 350 Shinnecocks who live on an 800-acre reservation in Southampton are debating whether to seek tribal status with the Federal Government.
But the Bush Administration has repeatedly said it will not offer the credits unless Moscow formally liberalizes its emigration policies.
He became director the following year.
is more experienced and expert in commodity regulation.
Governor's 'Passion' Cited Anne Crowley, a spokeswoman for Mr. Cuomo, said today that the Governor's ''passion for the environment is at least as strong as any of these advocates.''
Donoghue's said the seven-day compounded average yield for a taxable money market fund fell 5 basis points, to 7.61 percent, while the 30-day average yield, slipped 2 basis points, to 7.68 percent.
That measure, if passed by voters, would make abortion legal in Idaho through the first 26 weeks of a pregnancy.
Lower rates would give them more money to buy commodities.
Turn humidifier down or off and provide more ventilation in the bathrooms to make sure that steam and humid air are exhausted to the outside when the shower or tub is in use.
These are the winners of the 1990-91 competition: Architecture Jason H. Ramos, Cherry Hill, N.J. Christian Zapatka, Princeton, N.J. Design Arts: Steven Brooke, Miami, Fla Robert Smolian Davis, Seaside, Fla. Joel Sternfeld, Manhattan Landscape Architecture Peter Lindsay Schaudt, Charlotte, N.C. Musical Composition Lee Hyla, Manhattan David Lang, Manhattan Painting Michael Kessler, Kutztown, Pa. Bert L. Long Jr., Shepherd, Tex.
A Sign of Donna Karan The letters DKNY, which stand for Donna Karan New York, now loom over the garment district, literally.
The reason for the quiet: Union leaders say G.M.
Days before the company announced its new package the price of the warrants climbed to $7.375, from $6.875.
Along with the United Nations, the Organization of American States and the European Parliament are sending observers.
The Daily Telegraph said he did so with the skilled exercise of "discreet diplomacy."
''He was another Yale man,'' Mr. Wiseman said.
Forming an independent nation would also mean the phasing out of Federal aid.
Mr. Bush tried to ignore reporters' questions about what the discussions today would cover.
''I'm not sure what to do.
''When you go to heaven,'' he said, ''the Main Man brings out a little ledger.
They are referring to fresh, succulent sardines, the bigger, the fatter - the better.
A cruise missile flies in the atmosphere like a tiny computer-guided airplane and has a single nuclear charge.
Mr. Gorelik, a 1920 graduate of the Pratt Institute, was primarily a scene designer.
''After the two last year, I didn't know if it would ever happen again, so I'm glad for them that it did.
It was also apparent in the discomfort Mr. Havel and his associates seemed to feel at having to wear suits and ties, rather than their customary blue jeans and leather jackets - a fact which Mr. Bush himself could not resist commenting on.
Its new French shops are part of a $50 million campaign by the American ice cream maker to expand European sales.
Its hallmarks are unmistakable: the well-tailored suits that echo the style of the 50's, the sensible shoes, the gloves and handbags over the arm, the hats cocked at a dashing angle.
Excellent 62 Main Street, New Canaan (opposite Town Hall).
A vogue word is the mark of a writer who has not yet found his voice.
The President skipped a Christmas gala on Sunday night.
Before you begin, call your local Building Inspector to find out whether you are permitted to do the job and what code regulations apply.
At his news conference on Capitol Hill, Mr. Savage held up Federal Election Commission documents that he said showed that Mel Reynolds, a black whom he defeated in the March 20 primary, had received most of his financing in January and February from ''pro-Israel, Jewish organizations'' outside the district, including those associated with the American Israel Public Affairs Committee.
Prosecutors have examined those statements as the basis for perjury charges against him, officials said.
The testing service report includes these findings for the 1980's: *No gains in average reading proficiency.
target,'' which was ''Essen,'' only fair return, I reckoned, to avenge 103 across, ''a blitzkrieged city,'' the Yugoslav capital, ''Belgrade.''
So the charges filed in the week of Jan. 8 against James H. O'Hagan, one of the top securities and medical malpractice litigators in the Midwest, stunned and unsettled the close-knit business community here.
The system also helps him assess his productivity as a writer.
''At a given time that we have I.B.M.
If this does not seem to be enough, stop using the wax and wipe on two coats of Minwax Antique Oil finish, following the directions on the can.
Meanwhile he gets people to chat easily.
Such Policies Are Common Joan E. Bertin, a lawyer with the A.C.L.U., said fetal protection policies were common in manufacturing as well as in the petrochemical and electronics industries.
What has happened in Louisburg also reflects the concerns that are shared by residents of many small towns who have watched their communities wither away, bled by declining populations and failing businesses along Main Street.
Similar developments occurred in other communities, but what happened next made Teaneck different.
His last chilling cry, "Leave me alone," is meant to express the ultimate terror of an artist, already alone, only now clutching at his identity.
Tension and Attacks Even after Mr. O'Neill bowed out and was no longer a threat, Mr. Morrison, a former public-service lawyer in New Haven who held no public office before winning his seat in Congress in 1982, did not shift targets: A recent Morrison television campaign was based on the phrase, ''a Governor on your side for a change.''
The Technology Complex Demands Challenge Designers It looks as simple as underwear, but the performance specs seem tougher than those for a space suit.
There is free, attended parking, and subscribers will save from $30 to $50 over single-ticket prices for each of the three series.
He is to preside over the creation of a new system of courts and defense attorneys, Mr. Myftiu said.
Weakness in Mark Dealers in Europe said the dollar's rise was caused by a weakening of the West German mark against the Japanese yen and against the British pound.
''No Soviet official has contacted us for the 16 years since my husband was exiled from the Soviet Union, up to this very moment, and we have not contacted any Soviet official,'' she said.
But given the credit problems and the big supply of unsold homes (an eight-month backlog, according to a Goldman Sachs estimate), the construction industry is likely to remain a weak sister for months to come.
I went downstairs, wedged myself into a crowd around an active craps table and followed her instructions.
The space agency says it will send up a shuttle to rescue a communication satellite left stranded in a uselessly low orbit, provided the satellite's owner pays the mission's cost of at least $130 million.
Nothing was too good for the East German rowing program.
Still, the village economy has become largely dependent on Thruway motorists.
''Wild at Heart'' is even more violent and sexually twisted than ''Blue Velvet,'' and includes a torture scene so creepy - featuring a ritual resembling a carnival game, except that it involves masturbation, a gun and a pair of soda bottles - that Lynch was afraid to show it to anyone.
The BS 5750 award has now been accepted as the model within all European Community countries for a similar program, designated the ISO 9002 award.
''If you fly over the reserve, you clearly see people clearing and burning wooded areas around and inside its border,'' Homero Aridjis, founder of the Group of 100, Mexico's leading environmental organization, said after a visit to the area this spring.
Unlike the South, these countries kept it.
But after a decade in which they filled in the skyline, adding nearly 50 million square feet of office space - enough room for nearly 200,000 office workers - and 106,000 units of housing, some of the hard-hat workers at the building sites that pock the West Side are worrying about where or even when they will be working next.
Her gripes are certainly more conceptual than practical, and both Bodins will agree that these preparations have some merit, if not one of any cosmological significance.
Have you any suggestions to solve this problem?
Mr. Fang, who is here doing research into the structure of the universe, said that the Chinese authorities had allowed one of his sons, who had remained behind when the couple left, to travel to Britain a week ago and that the family, including a second son, had now been reunited.
''Our group of officials are disciplined people with class who are perceived in a variety of ways,'' McNally said.
He is a graduate of Denison University.
Mr. Dawley said the ruling allows citizens "to make a full and complete disclosure in the knowledge that the attorney-client privilege is sacred."
"I'm not sure a 'throw-the-bums-out' feeling is there," said Mayor Pilla.
There are good reasons to stay quiet for now, said Dr. Hill.
"Frank Sinatra -- The Capitol Years" (CDP 7 94317 2) includes 75 cuts recorded between 1953 and 1962.
He also proposed to cut more than $300,000 from cultural groups.
I have no intention of changing my mind.''
* That Yolanda Ballard, Harold Ballard's companion who is not married to him but has legally changed her last name to Ballard, was almost married to Ballard last week in the Cayman Islands.
There is the exhilarating hopak, with its leg-stretching and high jumps, and the khorovod, the Russian form of a round dance.
Then Viola surrendered a double to Larry Walker and hurt himself dearly by walking Mike Fitzgerald.
They lost Storm Davis to free agency but picked up Sanderson, who has given them four victories by mixing up his pitches.
The Navy today dealt a major blow to the Lockheed Corporation, canceling a contract for the company to build a new generation of submarine-fighting aircraft because of what the Navy said was Lockheed's inadequate performance.
For Helmut Kohl and Francois Mitterrand to get kudos, however, you'd have to invent nicknames, which could only sound silly.
The second production is Mr. Kent's revival of Ibsen's ''When We Dead Awaken,'' which runs through March 24.
The slaughterhouse at 39th Street was built in 1905; its twin, at 40th Street, in 1919.
The mundane deliberations included a lengthy but inconclusive debate on how to run television, which up to now had been centrally controlled.
CD players introduced American consumers to the benefits of digital audio technology in 1983.
Democrats have reveled in the political discomfort it has caused President Bush and his Republican allies, but no Democrat has yet endorsed the Moynihan plan.
Forty-five years ago, a nuclear explosion in the New Mexico desert thrust the world into the Nuclear Age.
The official, Sardar Abdul Qayyum, said six people were wounded after troops opened fire on a rally of several thousand people at Chakothi, on the Pakistani side of the line.
O'Neal, who is from Youngstown, Ohio, was clearly outclassed.
Merck rose as high as 76 1/4 but ended down 1/8 at 75 5/8.
Other operas in the 500-year-old Olavinlinna Castle include Wagner's ''Flying Dutchman,'' the Nikikai Opera of Tokyo's production of Puccini's ''Madama Butterfly'' and the Japanese composer Minoru Miki's opera ''Shunkin-Sho.''
Dr. Arthur Vassiliadis and four other researchers received patent 4,940,411.
But it may be a futile exercise.
Zane Gordy, music director at Trinity, will accompany the group at the organ.
The Unit 1 reactor's sister plant, Unit 2, was the site of the nation's worst commercial nuclear accident in 1979, when radioactive gases escaped into the atmosphere.
Even worse was a career-ending injury to Cryptoclearance, the stable star for the last four years and one of only 15 horses ever to earn more than $3 million.
But colleges, universities and churches, which attract large, infrequent donations from prominent individuals, have always been loathe to record mere pledges, lest they fall through.
Kent Nagano, Mr. Gardiner's successor in Lyons, led a lively performance of Prokofiev's "Amour des Trois Oranges" (Virgin Classics 791084).
Among other starting rates, for two, are: Days Inns, $25; Econo Lodges, $21.99; Hampton Inns, $36; Motel 6, $24.95; Super 8 Motels, $22.50; Susse Chalet, $39.70, and TraveLodge, $28.
You can also make a double batch of this soup and freeze half for later use.
And there is intense demand, and need, for more public services - education, hospitals, roads, housing, jobs - which drain government resources.
Ninth to Face Charges But in his deposition, Mr. Reagan seemed disengaged from his policies.
''A year from now, I don't think you'll be sitting here talking to the chairman of a corporation,'' he said.
They don't have to be boring if they are done with wit and excitement.''
(So does Rachmaninov's playing of other composers.)
* Central Point Software Inc., Beaverton, Ore., a computer software company, appointed Corey Smith president and chief operating officer.
The people who put together the 5 and 6 P.M. vaudevilles are not ill-intentioned; edifying tributes to tolerance and plugs for pleasanter aspects of city life are common.
What Shero didn't love, yet he tolerated, was management mingling with "my players."
In a rather plaintive epilogue, the authors suggest that military wives should be honored as America's heroines.
Witnesses reported seeing a modified Toyota pickup parked near the entrance to the ranch the same day.
Intel, based in Santa Clara, Calif., said the plant would make its latest-generation of advanced logic components, primarily for the European market.
But many of the United States executives appeared to be baffled by the process of doing business in the Soviet Union.
But the high point of the show was the arrival of the female rapper Yo-Yo, who fought a fierce battle of putdowns with Ice Cube on their tune ''It's a Man's World''; Yo-Yo didn't agree.
Yesterday, members of the staff of Representative John D. Dingell, Democrat of Michigan, were briefed on it.
What's New The most talked-about attraction is the Star Tours ride at Disney-MGM Studios.
How that can be recouped without making office rents unaffordable is a question being asked by many.
He continued to sketch clandestinely while in a Jewish forced labor brigade.
''The intelligence-gathering that takes place I think would make the C.I.A.
He lifted an index finger in a salute to the judge as he was declared not guilty.
At a guess, Paolo Pelosini's female torsos cut from crumpled metal and placed on filing cabinets are comments on the dehumanizing effect of the "system."
But given from 2 to 10 years, depending on various estimates, Baghdad might construct the thousand or more centrifuges needed for a reasonable rate of production of uranium 235.
But the rebels splintered into factions and the Government survived.
''They're hoping to find a Jasper Morrison or a Philippe Starck on which to hang their hat.''
ST. MARK'S, 23 Windward Avenue, Venice, (213) 452-2222 Upon entering, diners see a sculpture of Duke Ellington, a fitting muse for a space that accommodates a broad mix of musicians, food, decor and a mostly BMW- and Porsche-driving clientele.
In addition, cigarette ads were down more than 27 percent, and computer and office equipment advertising dropped more than 7 percent.
Prudence demands that we be prepared to deal with the dangers of wrongful nationalism as much as with the dangers of wrongful ideology.
But meanings change, Dr. McCracken warned, and now that English style is mainstream, it will have to pass.
"We have a call to take care of that, when the punt is short.
County officials say there is a shortfall of $2 million this year in sales-tax collections and a $1.8 million drop in property-tax revenues.
Genentech, the drug company, slid 3 1/4, to 24 in heavy trading after forecasting flat revenues at its annual meeting plus declining operating earnings.
Listed below are the target release dates for major economic indicators scheduled to be released this week.
The fight started when two players, the Central forward Derrick Leak and the A.
But, he said, ''the facts about the aging of the population are so compelling they speak for themselves.''
I can't comment on it.''
About 3,050 of them boarded three long special trains that came from Germany to carry them north.
Effect of a Recent Appointment The recent appointment of Myron E. Ullman, a former executive of Wharf Holdings, as Macy's corporate executive vice president and chief financial officer has caused what is described by insiders as a power play and some confusion among other top executives in the New York corporate headquarters and in the divisions in California and Atlanta.
USAir Seeks Better Ratings USAir, which has often been near the bottom of the Department of Transportation's on-time rankings for airlines, has taken several steps aimed at moving higher in the list.
It was quite an awakening.''
Without the rules they could turn to the networks for financing.
Our elected officials, sworn to uphold the values of society, assure us that traffic, pollution and noise will be ''within accepted limits.''
Todd Oldham's shirt tunic with mismatched buttons is $98.
The Angels broke a 1-1 tie with a three-run rally in the third against Kevin Tapani (1-1), who allowed four hits in five innings while striking out eight.
The first two acts were nearly complete, apart from some small internal cuts.
''Medicine has been waiting for this kind of therapy for thousands of years,'' Dr. McGarrity said.
Each year at Halloween the city and its Chamber of Commerce convert a huge old barn and stables near the intersection of Quaker Ridge Road and Pinebrook Boulevard into a Charles Addams-style ''mansion'' populated with unspeakable creatures and sounds, and having its own cemetery.
American Express rose 1/8, to 21 1/8, while Niagara Share, an investment company, closed unchanged at 12 1/8.
'There Is Nothing Like Sisterhood' Mr. Wade called the attack ''sick,'' but like many other students, he also faulted the victim.
In the last two weeks, it has built early leads with a no-huddle formation and then has allowed the defense to take over.
There are actually two big gift-giving times of year in Japan, the summertime and the end of the year.
The profile gives detailed information about the school, including distribution of averages, breakdown of the class and a good picture of the students who attend the school, he said.
For now, though, the only gear the Rangers, a team going nowhere in the Patrick Division, can command is neutral.
A survey by Voter Research and Surveys of Californians after they voted Tuesday suggests that in the end, Mr. Wilson won for traditional partisan reasons.
More Confidence Shown Ron Erhardt, the Giants' offensive coordinator, said the offensive line had been showing more confidence.
The driver was questioned because he knows the Guzman family through his step-daughter, who was a playmate of Jessica's, the police said.
One group, headed by Charles Russell, predicted the end of the world in 1914.
A year later, it bought the Holiday Inn trademark outside North America.
Dr. Money, Dr. Becker and other researchers said too little is being done to enable parents, counselors or physicians to detect or redirect psychosexual development that is going astray before it reaches a destructive level.
Each player must know instinctively what the player next to him will do in a given situation.
The county has held annual Career Expos for several years.
(AP) Warriors 138, Hornets 117: Mitch Richmond scored 30 points to lead Golden State as the Warriors handed Charlotte its 25th loss in 26 road games this season.
Mr. Seelig said yesterday that he would not apologize.
* Maxwell Communication Corp., London, said it was selling its MCC Italia unit, holding company of the children's publisher Panini International, to an unidentified buyer for $:60 million ($114 million).
At Fidelity Investments, the nation's largest mutual fund company, money-market sales in December were stronger than they had been in any month in the last three years, said Michael J. Hines, vice president of marketing.
Psychogenic: Adults call this most common type a ''tension'' headache.
It also operates in New York and Los Angeles.
By offering its technology on personal computers, Silicon Graphics hopes to broaden its market and encourage software companies to develop programs for its machines.
Mario M. Cuomo said today that he would present a tight budget next week that would grow by a little more than 4 percent.
''Saddam called for the overthrow of the house of Saud, which pushed the market up a bit,'' said Nauman Barakat, an oil analyst at Shearson Lehman Brothers.
George Washington had his headquarters here, where No.
Since then, Dresser has concentrated on making products used in drilling, refining, transporting and mining as well as heavy equipment and industrial tools.
PVC Plastics Earnings Plunge The company said that operating income from its PVC plastics products plunged to $10.1 million in the first quarter from $68.1 million in the comparable period last year.
He chose his words with lawyerly precision, resisting what seemed to be an urge to speak out about what he really thought about the five Senators.
They took out their Afghan wood-burning grills and Persian domed ovens of cast iron and created kabobs and breads that not only put Lucknow on the culinary map but also gave birth to the phrase kabobi-sharabi.
But whether this trend will continue hinges to a large degree on the direction of oil prices.
Recent forecasts show 1990 net cash income of farmers in the range of $55 billion to $59 billion, compared with about $54 billion in 1989.
In 1984, Count Panza sold 80 Pop and Abstract Expressionist works for $11 million to the Museum of Contemporary Art in Los Angeles.
The lawmakers are accused of improperly intervening with regulators from 1987 to 1989 in an effort to get regulatory leniency for Lincoln Savings and prevent it from being seized by the Government, while receiving $1.3 million in Keating contributions to their campaigns and other political causes.
IN 1950, when Congress first drafted a plan to financially protect the widowed spouses of Federal judges, the grim possibility that a justice would be assassinated was not within its collective memory.
Ms. Wall, 26 years old, will retain her name.
Braque's paintings are more physical and intimate, Derain's blockier and penetrated by darker colors.
The seasonally adjusted annualized rate of sales last month for existing single-family houses was 419,943, down 15 percent from July 1989.
Couldn't they be more positive role models if they helped to reduce poverty, homelessness and drug consumption on the street, and if they gave more money than speeches?
The subway cars, too, are a delight: long gauze boxes with shining colored tape windows that swing from pulleys above.
ABC also made the most effective showing on Thursday evening.
Early last year, the Ford Motor Company withdrew from a United States trade consortium with the Soviet Union because it did not receive what it said were sufficient financial guarantees to justify a $1 billion investment in an auto plant in Gorky.
''If one of his fellow ballplayers got into drugs he would come to me and tell me that I had to do something because this kid was starting to hang out with the wrong crowd.''
John Lekay Paula Allen Gallery 560 Broadway (at Prince Street) Through June 16 As a sculptor, John Lekay is interested in changing states, viewer participation and a strange, not always comfortable intimacy.
Dimry is a great defensive back.
This is necessary because, in audio and in video, one is dealing with displaced realities.
Yesterday he said he was not concerned about a new reputation emerging from the last three bottom lines.
''Whenever money is tight,'' he said, ''people look for ways to save.
Darry Sragow, her campaign manager, said that Mr. Blum would disclose all his corporate clients and issue a disclosure statement, and that the couple would release their joint tax returns for the last 10 years by April 15.
''I just want to get out of here.''
I cleaned out a lot of the ferns, told the ajuga to stay at the front and pared back the hosta.
It moved to Broadway in March and has been nominated for eight Tony awards.
Colorado (10-1-1): Lost to Illinois, tied Tennessee.
Their first big hit was as a wise-cracking couple in ''The Gibson Family,'' an early radio series.
And without hunters to thin the herds, the animals would be too numerous and thus face starvation.
HIV-infected people who have never been exposed to tuberculosis are unlikely to contract TB, which explains the relatively low rates of tuberculosis among gay professionals who are infected with the AIDS virus as well as the very high rates among HIV-infected people from Haiti, where tuberculosis is common.
His team from the Larchmont Yacht Club was asked by New York's Harbor Festival Foundation, organizer of the Liberty Cup event, to oversee racing.
Mary Funnye Goldson, an associate professor at the Columbia University School of Social Work and a specialist in developing programs for families and children, died of cancer on Friday at St. Luke's-Roosevelt Hospital Center.
The two continued to maintain an equal footing in Witold Lutoslawski's elegiac "Metamorphosis: Grave," a complex piece that takes advantage of the instruments' different characters to create a haunting atmosphere.
Loblolly is the South's most important timber crop, and sweet gum is a major competitor for resources in the ecosystem they share.
''In Eastern Europe, like Augustan Rome, they were trying to make people believe that power could be eternal.''
He denied that he had ever engaged in homosexual conduct.
''This kid doesn't even think black or white,'' he said.
But the rest of the country is drinking less than it used to, and some silversmiths say the demand for the trophy-like silver julep cups has slacked off everywhere but in Kentucky.
''One of our jobs was to figure out a way to move documents from location to location faster,'' said Jonathan P. Butler, a partner in Butler Rogers Barrett, ''and to cut down the intraoffice messenger traffic.''
The new process would effectively reduce the panel to a single arbitrator whose decision and penalties, announced within two weeks of the close of hearings, would be binding.
We have finally lost our appetite for the Big Apple.
Alane Rollings asks at the outset of ''In Your Own Sweet Time.''
Defining the Issues Beyond the issue of who pays for experimental treatments is the question of who decides when they cease being experimental and become accepted practice.
Tuesday: an alternative - group homes.
Expect to spend at least six months on the planning, she said.
''It seemed to make a lot of sense and I bought it at the beginning, but after a year or so I saw that children were languishing in the program.''
Volume on the Big Board expanded to 178.6 million shares, from 170.5 million on Wednesday.
Trade policy should focus on opening up competition rather than using comforting though false arguments to restrict it.
Among those scheduled to make their festival debuts this season are the conductors Hans Vonk, Mark Elder and Neeme Jarvi, the pianists Barry Douglas and Vladimir Viardo, the violinist Leonidas Kavakos, the guitarist Kazuhito Yamashita, the mezzo-soprano Cecilia Bartoli in her American debut, and the Alexander String Quartet.
Sarasota Festival The French star Alain Delon will be on hand when the second annual Sarasota French Film Festival opens Nov. 15 with the world premiere of ''Dancing Machine,'' in which he stars as an ex-dancer who has become the demonic owner and manager of a dance company.
Mr. Gingrich allowed that they did not speak.
A run-off election on June 17 gives the Communists a majority in Parliament.
This trip, earlier this year, was my fourth visit to Ban Long since the war.
"We know it's a good one," Coach Bobby Ross of Georgia Tech said of the Virginia defense.
Rather, they are explorers filled with questions of identity.
Ms. Francke, 50, cited the latest Democratic State Committee poll showing the choice issue ranking high in voters' concerns.
Representative Dan Glickman, a Kansas Democrat who heads the agriculture subcommittee on wheat, soybeans and feed grains, said that ''we have to make sure that the monies were actually used for their intended purpose and not to guarantee the financing of extra services.''
CINCINNATI (AFC) - Agreed to terms with David Fulcher, safety.
Last year, Ms. Barr insisted that the show's original executive producer, Matt Williams, leave the series because of differences about how the Roseanne character was portrayed in the show's early episodes.
In the pro baseball draft, a junior does not have to declare for the draft.
Illinois 118 Iowa 85 CHAMPAIGN, Ill. (AP) - Kendall Gill scored 25 points and three other Illinois seniors scored in double figures for the Illini.
According to some senatorial aides, the disquiet has centered on several matters, aside from the issue of whether the main wreckage has ever been located.
Tyson, who grew up admiring street hustlers in Brownsville, was drawn to King because of the promoter's background as a street hustler.
It's a choice piece of property and a perfect location.
Although they are members of the intelligentsia - the professional and highly educated layer of Soviet society - Olga and Sergei are not protected from the consumer shortages, the shoddy quality of goods, the lines and the general anxiety gripping the Soviet Union during this confusing period of economic restructuring.
Kevin McKenzie was a handsome prince.
''Destroying Checkpoint Charlie is about forgetting history too fast.
And naturally, I do think about writing a screenplay, down the line somewhere.
But it was this same commitment to justice, he said, that forced him to leave a government position 10 years ago.
In the war over control of a company in Chapter 11, the first round of battle can take place outside the bankruptcy courthouse.
The second-choice votes of the supporters of the candidate who comes in last will be added to the totals of the others to determine the winner.
''Discipline in a party is not reconcilable with dual membership,'' Mr. de Beer said on Saturday.
Ms. Camacho, a 36-year-old mother of three children, holds a black belt in jujitsu.
We called on other astronomers, who got their friends to get their friends to put on the pressure.
The issue is whether you could send a person to prison.
Almost daily, Thibeault is on the street outside the embassy, debating in fractured Arabic with the crowds bused in to chant anti-American slogans.
1 ranking ahead of Ivan Lendl when he reached the semifinals.
The bridegroom, 30, is a graduate of the Solihull School in Solihull, England, and Cambridge University.
There is no charge for such servicing.
Recent comments by party leaders show that they think free speech has definite limits.
One of the paintings that is not divided in two, ''Between Memory and Desire,'' suggests rain on a window, and with it the way a child or adolescent sits in front of a window and stares.
But the company will also institute a new charge - 60 cents for the first long-distance directory-assistance call each month, which had been free.
I would put Jim in the latter category.
Up to the last minute before the signing ceremony on Saturday night, the process was marked by the dead-of-the-night brinkmanship that has characterized the Meech Lake talks from the start.
and the Compaq Computer Corporation have filled millions of desks that might once have welcomed a Next machine.
Ruth Golden, Kurt Ollmann, Julia Parks, Brian Gow, Lydia Mila, Olga Talyn, Jeff Matsey, Burr Cochran Phillips and Christine Abraham sang very well, many taking more than one part.
Earlier this year the bonds dropped to 26 cents on the dollar, and they are now quoted at about 58.
Some were created to satisfy a 1978 Federal consent decree ordering the school to desegregate its student body.
Viola did not retire more than three batters in a row, was tagged for eight hits and was able to record a mere 10 outs before being lifted in favor of Ron Darling.
He said he had no plans to begin an immediate search for a successor.
One way to deal with margin problems is to try to keep the price of the stock up, and BGC seems to have tried that.
The cost of foster care, AIDS care and law enforcement are all rising dramatically, the product of social problems that New Yorkers expect their government if not to solve, then at least to mitigate.
In the last two years, Faldo has rededicated himself to his neglected short game, and the results at the Masters over Augusta's maddening greens speak for themselves.
The pressure on the county's budget is only going to get worse, Mrs. Carsky said.
Union General George T. Thomas, a Virginian from old stock, was the real hero of this battle.
''The most important thing is that people are free to talk, to express their views,'' said Dalida Ramadani, a 24-year-old chemistry student at Houari Boumediene University who voted for the National Front.
Although many customers expressed initial interest in the new offerings, even those on the leading edge of the adoption curve (measuring how products are accepted) expressed relief when offered the old reliables.
George Anthony, a police spokesman.
It says its plan could save taxpayers millions of dollars, providing income to the Navy while cutting its costs.
She considers the responses on three areas of the application forms e as vital in assessing fitness, adding that a good showing in two may reduce the importance of a poor showing in one.
But I always thought of them as children of their parents - not as separate.
Mr. Jagacki said that he is not sure about his future, that every seizure deadens his memory a little bit more and that he does not know whether he will work again.
As a result, the price for raw coca leaves plummeted.
Mr. Rubino said an unidentified Panamanian official turned the tapes over to a CNN reporter.
He was in a position to make what had become a lopsided affair an interesting game again.
Other residents say the Prince's sumptuous white limousines cause continual traffic jams by parking illegally around Harvard Square.
In January, a new state law will allow a New York patient to appoint a person to make decisions regarding health care should the patient become incapable of doing so.
Between 1980 and 1988 the number of jobs on Long Island grew by 25 percent.
Atlanta is the last town in the world to support a bad team.''
Repeat that process from state to state, and it is easy to see how a score or more of seats could swing in the United States House, where more than 200 issues - on subjects from the environment and labor, to abortion and military spending - were decided in recent years by 10 votes or less.
said a transit authority officer who lives around the corner.
If romance blooms, the United States military ordains that it should occur within military rankings: enlisted women are not to date officers, noncoms are not to date privates.
To permit more detailed analysis of these uncounted Americans, the Times Poll not only interviewed its usual number of adults in a random sample across the country, 1,208, but also called additional random telephone numbers as a way of reaching a larger number of people who said they had not returned or had not received a census form.
In one portion of the opinion, the Court drew a distinction between answers to routine informational questions and the answer to one question intended to test the suspect's ability to reason.
It does, however, inherit some of the annoyances of the Laserjet family.
To even reach the finals, ''a recipe has to be almost fool proof,'' said Sally Peters, director of the company's test kitchens.
''People are not getting the education they need to change their lives.''
So raw foods should be kept separate from cooked foods.
Coast Starlight - A 35-hour Amtrak ride from Los Angeles to Seattle costs $145 one-way in coach.
Even if the Mets were to offer him a new contract, Straw might decide that he would be better off somewhere else.
Corn followed soybeans and wheat amid the same fears.
An hour earlier, the two leaders had walked together down a red-carpeted hallway to the East Room.
He threw four touchdown passes in the second quarter, and the Redskins went on to rout the Denver Broncos, 42-10.
A House Africa subcommittee staff report alleged that Lieut.
But up to now, Ohga has been unsatisfied.
* Nutri/System Inc., Willow Grove, Pa., a weight-loss company, named Mark P. Hershhorn senior vice president for finance and strategic planning.
B1 The Orphan Train Movement, a forerunner of today's foster care system, sent more than 100,000 orphaned or abandoned children from New York City to families out West.
Global Club Connection Mr. Pieper, who was involved with Danceteria, the Palladium and the Tunnel in New York and opened a club in 1968 in Berlin and a string of clubs and laundromats in Brazil, may have a more practical view about such policies.
Full-year revenues were up by 3 percent, to $10.2 billion from $9.9 billion.
The spill occurred at 10:30 P.M. Friday after the 299-foot barge, the Hygrade 42, rammed into a reef of solid rock submerged only five feet below the river's surface, rupturing three of the vessel's eight holding tanks.
In the second version, doctors study distinctive or abnormal subjects shown in works of art and attempt to explain the anomalous figures by making a medical diagnosis.
He won critical praise over the years for his versatility and for characterizations that went beyond mere vocalism.
He is survived by a sister, Mary, of Flushing, and a brother, Eugene, of Douglaston.
The Attorney General and an array of top aides at Justice recused themselves.
Critics assert that the divinity of the Emperor was supposed to have been settled when Emperor Hirohito renounced his divine status in 1946.
''But I can't say we're past the bottom of the cycle.''
Dangers of the Healthy Look Some scientists blame part of the melanoma epidemic on the use of industrial and commercial chemicals that are thought to be depleting the ozone layer, the stratum of the atmosphere that blocks out many dangerous ultraviolet rays.
Not sighting any recognizable star, Mr. Sullivan was about to head back to his job as a maintenance inspector at the General Services Administration.
* Pratt & Whitney, a unit of United Technologies Corp., East Hartford, Conn., received an order worth up to $290 million from Japan Air System for PW4000 engines to power Boeing 747-400's the airline has ordered.
Republicans dominate the judiciary in both counties.
May 17-18 - The Central Park Conservancy is planning two benefits at the Loeb Boathouse to further their preservation work.
It probably thought it had won and was left to chortle away.
Mr. Manolis acknowledged that the properties would probably sell below market value because Federal regulations dictate that they must be sold by July 1994.
Over all, Wells Fargo is the nation's 11th-largest banking company.
Lawyers for the agency said they did not know the identities of the people who executed the illegal trades, although they have learned of many of the trading houses and accounts that were used.
Mr. Baird said the court ruling was the first that placed clear limits on criminal investigators in worship activities.
By trying to create a lifelike Rose, she ends up, in the work's epic context, looking smaller than life.
You don't need to be religious to believe in the soul or to have one.
''Let me say that I did not criticize his judgment with respect to the Cobble Hill situation, when those persons, the seniors, would have been put out had he not been reversed.''
11 10 8 MASQUERADE, by Janet Dailey.
Some residents even carried their mailboxes out in the morning and in at night, especially during the summer and on Halloween.
Requires manufacturers to give a full refund or replacement of a motor home deemed defective under the state's ''lemon law.''
Zenzeleni now has the capacity to manufacture 400,000 T-shirts a year for a domestic market that Mr. Cormack estimated can absorb at least two million.
His voice was weak, his gait halting, his features emaciated.
The river of demonstrators was led by Mr. Lee and Szeto Wah, and a number of Hong Kong's most popular entertainers.
Next, after making certain that the slab is securely supported, insert a one- to two-foot length of lumber under the slab, positioning it as close as possible to the center.
The seasonal dinner menu is a mix of French brasserie and contemporary American.
The series is to end on Thursday at noon, with an a cappella rock concert by the group Rockapella in the courtyard of 425 Lexington Avenue, at 43d Street.
He predicted that Congress would force the agency to require the use of the best available technology to treat all such waste when renewal of the law is voted on this year or next.
The country code for Peru is 51, the city code for Lima is 14.
Despite the official worries, Mike Ackerman, a terrorism specialist at Ackerman Associates in Miami, said the pipeline was an unlikely target of Iraqi or other Arab extremists.
The children of smart parents, for instance, are likely to be smarter than average but not as smart as their parents.
Though the volatile pace of events make all predictions suspect, the likelihood is that a new government dominated by Social Democrats will be elected in East Germany and will swiftly accept the West German mark as its currency, opening the way to rapid West German investment and outright unity, possibly by the end of the year.
After the game, the Nets' locker-room door stayed closed a few minutes longer than normal, while Fitch told his team exactly how he felt.
His current selections have been developed through trial and error.
Homage to J. C. Penney Not all places have the aspiration or can raise the millions of dollars needed to bring large projects to life.
Linda Bray, was not present when the initial fighting erupted the morning of Dec. 20 but went to the scene and commanded the capture of a guard-dog kennel.
His father was an investor in New York.
Huston, a three-year tour veteran who won his first tournament at the Honda Classic in March, played a remarkably solid round in which he hit all 18 greens in regulation figures and took 32 putts.
But the Vermont justices said the Federal ruling centered on the length of the delay, not the delay itself.
As classrooms fill with more people of color, Mr. Abalos believes that is no longer the case.
to come up with rules,'' he said.
Chris Butler, the maitre d', and Cesare Dell'aguzzo, the general manager, decide who sits at the most coveted tables.
b-Included utilization of net operating loss carryforward of $173,925, or 2 cents a share.
And today, senior Administration officials asserted that the President did not feel constrained by the recommendations by the military to wait, saying that the military always wants more time to get ready.
Mayor John Wiley Jr. said the borough would like developers to replace many parking lots behind the N. J.
Yugoslavia, which temporarily lifted its visa requirements in July to promote tourism, will reinstate its visa laws on April 1, 1991.
Mr. Lorenzo, who has guided Continental to year after year of losses, walks away with $27.8 million in cash, plus a salary of $75,000 a month for the next three years, for a total of $2.7 million.
In adults the treatment is sometimes repeated.
''You must look carefully at income too,'' he said.
Barely one week after France criticized American and British threats to stop ships suspected of trading with Iraq, Mr. Mitterrand also noted that ''an embargo without sanctions would be a sham.''
What is more, various industry rankings show Morgan has lost more ground than its competitors in a rapidly contracting market.
''We've invested so much hope in him or in a second coming of Martin Luther King that it becomes paralyzing.''
The last negotiations were on Oct. 31, the day the union's three-year contract expired.
During the 1940's the mansion served as the residence of Thomas J. Watson Jr., the first president of I.B.M.
Leda, the White House makeup woman who disguises Guy for his walks, never did Nancy Reagan: ''Ooo, I didn't want any part of doing her.
Will hypermarkets ever catch on?
Judson Streicher, who has had a seat on the New York Stock Exchange for four decades, is Westchester's president and chairman.
From Englewood the family, without the father, moved to a four-family, brown stucco apartment house on a quiet residential street in River Edge.
This year, July and August saw morning trips canceled; the service began in mid to late afternoon, depending on when water was released upriver.
''In a way, a lot of women feel that.
''It's hard for people to believe these numbers,'' said Aldona Vaitkus of the State Department of Economic Security in Arizona, where the number of welfare recipients has increased 19 percent in the last year and the number of food stamp recipients is up 22 percent.
Ko Ushiyama, a Japanese member, says, ''It's a comfortable feeling.
He was also named chief financial officer.
''I have to get this done pretty soon,'' he said, adding there was no front-runner among his 11 candidates.
The most serious moment came when Rich Barto, one of the better players, neared his end game.
Ms. Arias has had several operations for multiple fractures, was on a respirator for several weeks and will need further surgery, followed by rehabilitation, said a hospital spokeswoman, Alice Siegel.
''German unification must take into account not only the feelings of the two German states, but the sensitivities and interests of others in Europe as well,'' she said.
Termez covered the mile and an eighth in 1:51 and returned $9, $4.80 and $3.20 for $2 to win.
''Advertising still seems to be limited,'' Campbell says.
After pulling up at the destination, the driver was then shot in the back of the head with a .22-caliber handgun.
Mr. Lautenberg counters that calls by the agency for radon testing in private homes have brought little result.
The assassination plot failed and Mr. Hussein was arrested, but he escaped, fleeing 300 miles across the desert on a donkey to Syria and cutting a bullet out of his thigh with a penknife.
Eat a herring, the logic goes, and abundance will be yours in the new year.
One of the first stories I did was an interview with Johnny Rutherford, who over the years I've noticed was either in the winner's circle or in the hospital.
I opted to protect the group of my father.
''), only to attempt suicide when her muse does not return quickly enough, no one really cares.
Others wonder about the predominance of Texans in the Administration, and the dual benefit that higher oil prices will bring to the Southwest: a more robust economy and the concomitant salvation of many S.& L.'s.
If the Intar Stage 2's production of Ana Maria Simo's heavy-breathing drama, ''Going to New England,'' has moments that seem both shrill and silly, her play still deserves credit for trying to go below the surface of soap opera histrionics to get at the primal emotions that erupt when sexual feelings go out of control.
Assertions on Executive Order Representative Nancy Pelosi, Democrat of California, the author of the bill vetoed by Mr. Bush, said he should issue a formal executive order if he truly has no intention of sending Chinese students back to China.
The chairman of the Senate Budget Committee said today that he would seek to cut $12 billion from the Bush Administration's proposed military budget of $303.3 billion for the next fiscal year.
Cannell Communications Inc. said on Tuesday that it would acquire WUAB-TV in Cleveland from the Gaylord Broadcasting Company.
By that time, Mr. Victor said, 20th Century Fox had already asked to put up about $6 million to cover the costs of prints and advertising, in return for which it was to receive a share of box-office receipts.
The premium rate can be obtained only at Bulgarian offices of Balkantourist, the National Tourist Office.
Official Mentions 'Chaos' Mr. Takahashi said, ''There is no proposal to abolish program trading, because this would lead to the demise of the stock index futures market.''
Last week, the Senate Appropriations Committee moved to continue content restrictions on the endowment by voting to reinstate an anti- obscenity pledge that artists and institutions must sign before receiving grant money.
Later, in New York, it cost $1.8430 to buy a pound, less than the $1.8740 it cost on Thursday.
They include the Seattle Opera's $2 million staging of Prokofiev's ''War and Peace,'' featuring Soviet and American singers, and the first showing outside Moscow of ''Into the Whirlwind'' - a play about women imprisoned in the most repressive years of the Stalin era - by the Sovremennik Theater.
In some areas, residents said voting turned into a community event as neighbors joined one other on their way to the polls.
However, since Medicaid is a joint Federal-state program, Federal legislation is needed for the demonstration to go forward.
If, for example, King were to offer Douglas $12 million and the highest purse bid was $32 million, Douglas would get $24 million but King would be entitled to 25 percent of the $12 million difference between the $12 million he offered and the $24 million Douglas got.
Attract more investments to cover the U.S. deficit and yet so we're competing against foreign investments that are -- A. I think that people see the U.S. still, regardless of what's temporary out there, as the safest haven for investment anywhere in the world.
Of those, the Chief Justice's side prevailed in 25 and Justice Brennan's in 11.
Perhaps he's unaware of that which we have already done.''
Other Fields Conquered Mr. Brooks contends that microprocessors will soon have the same impact in the supercomputer world that they have had in the minicomputer and mainframe markets.
The man he had tried to rob, Willie Clemons, a retired building superintendent who suffers from asthma, a bad heart and stomach ulcers, was unhurt, his wife, Ruby, said.
Zenith's technology in high-definition television should also prove valuable.
I came back to a room with new faces I don't know.
It also proposed a joint venture to produce cash registers that would employ 12,000 workers.
No Sanctions Against Coaches These and other violations, the committee said, had given Upsala a ''significant competitive advantage,'' over its rivals during the seasons from 1984-85 to 1987-88, when the Vikings posted a 67-36 record under Coach Russ Thompson and made it to the 1986 Division III regional playoffs.
Their main concern is how unification will change a cobbled city abutting the frontier that has divided the Harz Mountains.
The operating group will be able to gain voting control of the company through a payment of only $2 billion, Mr. Rogozinski said.
Former Communists Join League A number of former Communists have joined the league and Mr. Rugova said that more than 2,000 members were ''non-Albanians,'' including some Serbs and Montenegrins.
Guerrillas moved in to the port, telling soldiers to surrender, residents said.
Anna Freud For decades it was a closely held secret that one of Freud's most illustrious patients was Anna, his daughter, who went on to develop psychoanalysis for children.
needs to appreciate that the message of detention does not reach people who are fleeing violence.''
Seafood is the strength of the entree selection.
Garrison said there was never a doubt in her mind that it would require a monumental performance to detour Navratilova today.
'' Some 75 percent of The Spectator's revenue, he notes, comes from subscribers.
As to where we are, there is never any doubt.
''We run, too,'' said Tarkanian, ''but nobody runs the way Loyola does, nobody is in the kind of condition they're in.
Senator Bob Dole of Kansas said budget negotiators were looking at ways to raise taxes for wealthy Americans.
Jelly Lord,'' about Jelly Roll Morton, the pioneering jazz pianist and composer.
There are banking businesses, and there are securities businesses.
Saratoga battle group (in the Red Sea) Carrier Saratoga* Cruiser Belknap.
The democratization of Croatia will lead neither to the breakup of Yugoslavia nor to civil war.
After years of study, an F.D.A.
Comfort Zone is reportedly the trademark of a thermostat in Mr. Kudelka's apartment and, as a title, has no obvious bearing on a ballet that probes its music with such originality and sophistication.
Senator Orrin G. Hatch, Republican of Utah, agreed that it would be ''highly inappropriate to expect specific answers about how he would rule; he's not going to answer any of these specific questions and I don't think it's reasonable for anyone to think he is.''
Partners at Vedder, Price said the boycott has not affected their recruiting in Madison.
Her father is the executive director of the International Rescue Committee, a private refugee-assistance organization in New York.
Mr. Bogert became a police officer in 1987 and was also assigned to the 46th Precinct in 1988, where he became Officer Cawley's partner.
"But I also will be one of two black general managers in the league.
''There are a lot of prejudices out there, and one of them is against disabled people,'' Oehler said.
At Mr. Ares's house in Woodside, Queens, his son Carlos, 28, said: ''You know what's ironic?
Mr. Sobchak, like practically everybody, pleads for Western help to start reversing the economic collapse.
"The three warring factions have settled, for the purpose of maximizing the proceeds to be divided among themselves," said Mr. Peterson's lawyer, Andrew J. Levander of Shereff, Friedman, Hoffman & Goodman.
''He's outstanding,'' the Yankee second baseman, Steve Sax, said of Espinoza.
Later, he petitioned Mohandas K. Gandhi to support the Naga claim for independence but failed to gain Gandhi's support.
''I think they do a good job, and the fact they do come under as much criticism as they do indicates how important the job is,'' said Mr. Murray, who declined to comment on rumors he is a candidate.
Manson, who joined the Armed Forces shortly after the end of World War II, has never been to Texas.
Remember back when Susskind was relying on dollar-a-head amateurs to guide America along the treacherous path between the good and the bad?
''This administration is committed to insuring that young children are placed in family settings,'' Ms. Sabol said.
He knew how to be careful.''
Until the meeting of the finance ministers in Rome on Saturday, a three-stage plan for economic and monetary union in Europe had built up such momentum in the year since it was proposed that its supporters hoped the European Community would have a common central bank and currency by the mid-1990's.
Mr. McConnell, a critic of efforts to limit how much candidates for Federal office may spend, raised more than $2 million in campaign contributions this year alone, much of it from political action committees representing companies and industries with business before his committees.
The philosophy of the architects and the National Park Service was to present these major rooms as exhibitions unto themselves, not as containers for other exhibitions, which have been relegated to the building's side wings.
''I don't think it's too late,'' she said.
'Silence' Wins INGLEWOOD, Calif., June 3 (AP) - Sunday Silence, the 1989 Horse of the Year, made a triumphant return to racing from a seven-month layoff today, defeating two rivals while being ridden by a substitute jockey in the $303,400 Californian at Hollywood Park.
'It's Not Too Late' ''It is a slap on the face,'' said Mendi Msimang, the African National Congress representative to Britain, who spoke at a news conference today giving the agenda for the Mandela visit.
13 for Viola Viola, for his part, had already done his bit to make the latest triumph matter of fact.
Last Friday, the Soviet news agency Novosti said Soviet space specialists were tracking four large pieces of an American spy satellite that broke up on March 7.
''But I think that's where the bottom will be,'' he added.
has scheduled a hearing for today on whether the company remains eligible for listing.
George Gee Jr., executive director of the Vanguard Urban Improvement Association in the Bedford-Stuyvesant area of Brooklyn, said he was still struck by the look of rapture on the faces of teen-agers he took to see Mr. Mandela last week.
W. W. Norton, Prentice Hall Press, Simon & Schuster, Doubleday, Avon, and the Free Press all have recent Civil War books on their lists, as do a half-dozen university presses.
The decrease in rainfall has hampered hydroelectric generation.
But officials said the decision, by itself, would not seriously impair immigration.
He was a high school senior when President Kennedy was assassinated.
Mr. Warren is survived by his wife, the former Mildred Lindeberg; three daughters from a previous marriage, and four grandchildren.
Boat covers come in many sizes and shapes: bimini tops that cover the bridge, mooring covers for an entire boat and drydock storage covers.
''These properties I know are worth more commercially, but several owners accepted bargain prices because they want the lands to go to the Government and so be preserved in perpetuity, rather than risk acquisition by developers,'' said Mr. Lujan.
William Hurt, making his Yale Rep debut, heads a cast that includes Leo Burmester, Susan Kellermann and Anne Pitoniak.
According to Nintendo of America Inc., total sales are expected to reach $5.1 billion, of which Nintendo would account for $4.1 billion.
The show tomorrow is at 8 P.M.; tickets are $8, $16 and $22.
Boeing's Burgeoning Backlog How to reduce the trade deficit: Figure out a way for Boeing to work off its entire, $80 billion-plus backlog this year.
Government officials acknowledge that big problems remain and are moving to address them.
It's unfortunate that you suffer as you do, and I sympathize with your ''creaks'' and pain and asthma, but it's a bit much at 48 to chalk it all up to old age.
But I recognize that real damage has been done, by what has been perceived as my desire to push the limits and take advantage of the Senate.
(Jon Pareles) Mango/Island 539 855.
He came high out of the second turn and brushed the wall.
''Sometimes it is painful for us to have to learn something new, or to relearn something we think we are supposed to know already,'' he said.
Arthur Lampert, the chief of the districts' securities division of the California State Treasury, said that officials have no debt-service contingency plans.
A1 Soviet experts say their economy is worse A14 Russians denied refuge in own land A15 An audience of Solidarity members sharply questioned the architect of Poland's transition to a free-market economy.
The police traced the calls to Dr. Berendzen's office at the university.
Bush Administration officials in Washington, who asked not be identified, complained last week that the American general's assessment had undercut their efforts to press President Saddam Hussein of Iraq to pull his troops out of Kuwait.
* Harken Energy Corp., Dallas, named Bruce N. Huff chief financial officer, senior vice president and treasurer.
''The best thing for me,'' Burt said, ''is for someday to sit down with Bill and talk about it.
''I think the word must have come down that Brady get the bad news out once and for all and not run the risk that as 1992 approaches they have to change their numbers again,'' said one industry expert who asked not to be identified.
Then they were told to keep a lower profile, so they switched to the Martin County High School field, played basketball in the gymnasium at Port St. Lucie High and worked with weights at the World Gym.
There are a number of ways to do this.
"Randy Wood helped a great deal," LaFontaine said about his goal.
Single $115; double $72 a person including breakfast.
In New York, the dollar closed lower still, at 142.98 yen, but up from Friday's close of 142.80 yen.
But he still teaches at Cornell, serves as a New York Hospital attending physician and maintains a small coprology practice.
Coyoacan, the peaceful suburb where Diego Rivera lived with Frida Kahlo, has its own weekend crafts market near the cathedral at Plaza Hidalgo.
I do know that no one can judge that fairly on the basis of one-sided evidence, however often repeated.
But the company said it was not subject to any financing conditions.
As printed, the table was off 13 points, in favor of Democratic candidates, for the male graduates, and off 2 points, also in favor of the Democrats, for the female graduates.
Ellenberger, who had a 134-62 coaching record at the University of New Mexico, had to step down there at the start of the 1979-80 season, when a transcript-fixing scandal unfolded.
In addition, the officials say, the randomness of the testing will be guaranteed by the use of computer-generated lists administered by an independent party like an accounting or data processing company.
And by this I am talking about those parties perpetrating the offensive, the aggression, and those that ally themselves with them.
Prices at Trouvaille Francaise range from $4 for a guest towel to $400 for a 19th-century woven cotton Marseilles-style bedspread.
Coleman was 10 of 20 from the field and hit 8 of 11 free throws.
But in an interview on Friday night, he argued that the current system of financing campaigns was seriously flawed.
It wasn't summer, but everyone was dressed for it, and the windows were open on the downtown bus.
In another report of Reagan Adminstration lapses in supervision, the General Accounting Office has found that the Department of Energy and the Environmental Protection Agency gave too much responsibility to contractors for the performance of essential Government functions.
The records showed she was first referred to the sanitarium soon after ending her treatment with Dr. Breuer, and that over the years she had several relapses of the same symptoms that supposedly had been cured.
Since that time numerous other cardiovascular events, including sudden death and stroke, have also been shown to cluster in the morning, and Dr. Joseph Ornato at the Medical College of Virginia has demonstrated a yearly rhythm of cardiac death as well, with a rate 30 percent higher in winter than in other seasons.
The report, which was released after the close, showed 105.5 million pounds of bellies in the nation's commercial freezers as of May 31, nearly 3 million pounds above market expectations.
Patrol Leader Tell Children Not to Bash I think that's a Band-Aid approach.
The television production will feature the original Broadway cast, including Terry Kinney, Gary Sinise and Lois Smith, who received Tony nominations.
And if you can't, you've got to tell them why.''
''In great apes, conical breasts are a signal that a female is lactating and thus has low reproductive value,'' he said.
The program, at 10 P.M. on Channel 13 and at 9 P.M. on Channel 49, swings with black-and-white clips of the boys and girls of the chorus kicking and twirling.
Unlike Perrier, Evian emphasizes that one can drink its water at any time of day.
''I've never hit a better one.''
In one store in the Sverdolvsk district of Moscow on May 24, salt sales tripled in three hours, above the usual daily sales of 18 pounds.
It is one of 12 University Without Walls courses being given, at no charge, by Dorot, a social service agency based on the Upper West Side of Manhattan.
He died of cancer, according to Lisa Hansen of the Franz Bader Gallery in Washington.
Liberia's shaky cease-fire collapsed today when Government troops and rebels battled for several hours in this capital city.
He lobbed up a few easy questions, which the composer had trouble putting away.
The state has excessively financed incinerators over the three R's.
Her grandparents came to Connecticut from Portugal, she said, and her parents - especially her father - made the bread regularly when she was growing up.
Macmillan's correction caused Wagner's career average to drop from .329 to .327.
While the victims were members of the Chinatown gang known as Born to Kill, the chief of Manhattan detectives, Joseph DeMartino, said the shooting was not gang related.
Targets for Recruiting Last May, a faculty committee issued a strong indictment of Yale's commitment to affirmative action.
It has lost 13,000 residents in the last five years, leaving its population at 1.466 million.
When Gilbert and George hit the world as "singing sculptures," in the late 1960's, they seemed to epitomize the cult of personality.
''Michael never made me feel stupid,'' says Mr. Kloves.
The board had been evenly split, with Mr. Kay and his wife, Mary, on one side, and Mr. Salisbury and an associate on the other.
The Atlantis, on its sixth trip into space, rose from the launching pad and in 20 seconds punched through a layer of clouds more than 8,000 feet up before disappearing into a cloudy afterglow.
''People ask me frequently if I regret having been a nun or leaving the order,'' Ms. Morheuser said in a recent interview.
''The computer problem effectively blocked Brazilian industry from modernizing,'' Miss Cardoso told Brazilian reporters last week.
A similar bill has passed the Senate, which was Democratic-controlled under the Republican Kean administration, but never emerged from the Assembly, which was previously Republican-controlled.
HELEN WOLFF Hanover, N.H., May 30, 1990
Even making the time children have remaining in their lives is difficult, said Dr. Savita Pahwa, the chief of pediatric allergy and ummunology at North Shore.
Polish officials point to some evidence that the plan is starting to work.
Becon sponsors 50 special polytechnic classes for 1,300 children in the neighborhood.
One union leader even suggested that Donald Trump might be maneuvering to buy the company.
John Quine, a member of the council, said he voted against it, in part, because he is concerned that Connecticut has too many museums.
The platforms of the two candidates are distinguished largely by nuance, although their styles could not be more different.
Tass quoted Soviet officials, who were not identified, as saying that Glavkosmos, the Soviet counterpart to the United States space agency, "does not know anything about this project."
''Now all of the sudden everyone is putting up fences,'' he said.
I don't want anybody telling me what I can and can't look at.''
But one cannot buy social tolerance.
"What is the worst thing that can happen to the wagon train?
The President's action also means that Pakistan can avoid or at least postpone a divisive and potentially violent debate on the Islamization of the country's legal, educational and broadcasting systems.
Anything you did had a domino effect.''
Both were commissioned by John Strange, a British resident of Venice who rented the villa and was Guardi's patron.
Mr. Moore, Ms. Gordon and Mr. Ranaldo each write lyrics and sing lead vocals, and they continually sidestep each other.
Kinship foster parents had to be screened and their homes inspected and licensed.
Injured in Camp For the first three weeks of this summer's training camp, Robinson was the Giants' best receiver.
Now it has let them to concessionaires, who give the city $1 million to $2 million a year in revenue.
One of the players was convinced that the organizers had deliberately selected a set of dramatic deals to entertain the Vugraph audience, but he overlooked two points.
The truce will go into effect when it is announced officially at Cambodian peace talks scheduled in Tokyo on June 4 and June 5, said the officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity.
On offense, they probed through the midfield to see what might be available.
He often had not even been nominated to the races, looking more duckling than swan the previous winter.
The deal underwent two amendments.
''That is totally untrue,'' she said, ''and I wish the authors had checked with me before making that assertion.''
With the score tied at 55-55, the Redmen made their move, scoring 15 of the next 21 points to pull ahead by 70-61 with 3:13 left.
''What we like to see is currency,'' she added, ''because there's no cost to manage it.''
Contestants: Communists and several opposition groups, including the Hungarian Democratic Forum, a populist, centrist party; the Alliance of Free Democrats, which is Western oriented, and various others.
He is recovering from a pulled muscle in his right rib cage.
For diseases resulting from the interactions of more than one gene, discovering the underlying genetic factors will be impossible without a detailed map.
Specifically, it was a 1985 late-harvest white riesling made from grapes from the Yakima Valley.
Mr. Pratt was one of the company chiefs interviewed at a meeting of the Business Council, a group wtih 100 active members, many of them chief executives of the nation's largest companies.
PERHAPS no other owner does so much as the Rockefeller Group.
Riley retired in 1986 and was succeeded by his son, Rob, who said of the latest move, "It gives us the opportunity to play different Division I opponents."
It was left to them to give the deepest meaning to the love story involving the prince who cannot tell the difference between false and true love.
'A Major Victory' Floyd Abrams, the New York lawyer representing NBC, called the ruling ''a major victory, not only for NBC, but for the ability of all Americans to receive news.''
To make simple a people whose cultural heritage is Spanish and Native American or African, crossed with the complex culture of the United States, is either an act of genius or an expression of internalized prejudice.
In difficult, unforgiving country, any change comes hard.
Despite these refinements, however, a visit to Disney World can require two qualities not generally associated with vacations: strategy and stamina.
While the captain may be ultimately responsible for what happens on board his vessel, the law did not allow the jury to convict Captain Hazelwood on that basis alone, Mr. Smith said.
But Dave Lock, a spokesman for the city, speculated that the frigid weather had caused a valve to freeze, resulting in a vacuum of air inside the tank and the collapse of a lower panel.
This outlook has encouraged many bond buyers to move their money from Germany to France.
Candy Jones was born Jessica Arline Wilcox in Wilkes-Barre, Pa., and educated in Atlantic City, where she won a beauty pageant at the age of 16.
Iranian officials, it said, had given ''their consent in this connection.''
Was he a mere sonic sensualist, bereft of the intellectual gravity we expect from great musicians?
''We allowed them too many opportunities in the first half, our shooting was cold tonight, and of course, the coach contributed by getting those two technicals.''
''I will be diligent that obscenity will not be funded by the endowment,'' he said.
The European Community will control 51 percent of the bank's capital, with Japan controlling 8.5 percent.
Service Held Wanting The late Friday service, once the cornerstone of Sabbath observance for many American Jews, has once again come under attack from the people who know it best: rabbis.
Fink is a Clifford Odets-like playwright (Turturro has been cast in the role) who comes to Hollywood to write wrestling movies and is struck with writer's block.
''He was in the hospital six months before I took him,'' she said.
Doctors say Mr. Camacho survived probably because he was in good physical condition and none of his vital organs were crushed.
''It's the most exciting thing I've ever seen,'' said Andrew P. Hornsby Jr., commissioner of the Alabama Department of Human Resources.
In the first six months, the largest source of deposits, almost $200 million, was Merrill Lynch, documents show.
The Mayor said about 89 percent of the $2.1 billion in spending in the next four years would be devoted to low- and moderate-income households.
A system that is intended to provide for efficiency and accountability instead stifles the creativity and initiative of those working within it.
Moreover, setting up a specific timetable evokes memories of our own Gramm-Rudman Act.
The bridegroom is a writer.
Last year, the International Foundation for Art Research, which compiles data on stolen art, reported some 5,000 thefts.
Even if Americans haven't noticed zouk, epitomized by the pioneering Caribbean group Kassav', Europeans, Asians and Africans have gone nutty for it.
Stamps on Stamps Lesotho has issued a miniature sheet of nine stamps on the theme of ''stamps on stamps.''
With Partner, you can open the directories (or drawers) and folders to see what is in them, change their names, move them or send copies elsewhere, delete them and get statistics about them.
Biyik outjumped Sensini, the ball fluttered toward the goal, and Nery Pumpido, the Argentine goalkeeper, failed to get himself in position to stop it.
Her careful pacing has paid off.
''We look at all the consequences and let them draw their own conclusions.''
It's not the end of the world to be in a long line of traffic nearing the tollbooth and to discover only then that the pockets are literally bare.
Ms. Feldman, chairman of Eve Stillman, the New York lingerie company, can easily put away eight fluffy glazed sugar doughnuts ''on a disciplined day.''
The currency ranged mainly between 158.80 yen and 159.35 yen during the morning.
Commercial bass fishing was banned after the chemical PCB was found in the fish.
Saratoga turns newcomers into Saratoga fans, not into racing fans.
The chorus was at its best when it was also at its leanest, in the beautifully shaped, silkily blended performance of Brahms's ''Songs and Romances'' (Op.
Tens of thousands of Israeli tourists visit Egypt each year, and serious incidents have been rare.
Analysts said yesterday that when Capitalink asked investors for indications of the interest rate they would want on a new bond, the investors were likely to give a high rate, because they did not want to undercut their bargaining position.
told us this would be very helpful in the investigation and said that $1 million is a magical number,'' she said.
There is an irresistible urge toward doing things together - lawn bowling on the hardwood stage, forming human pyramids (four teetering tiers) and holding a group conference while simultaneously riding a single bicycle.
Many of them, at least on the Democratic side, fear that a third White House run by Mr. Jackson would only further hurt a party that has not won the Presidency in 20 years and will be facing a Republican who, for now at least, is the most popular President in the history of popularity polls.
''I think when you hire people and give them economic opportunity, it has a tendency to cut down on some of the racial strife,'' Mr. Patterson said.
''If you approve this latest incarnation, you're only rewarding the Milsteins' persistence,'' said Rita Grolitzer, a resident of Southbridge.
They are sure they'll feel better facing the first chill days of autumn in something new.
When the Giants' special teams are about to watch tapes of their previous game, someone always says, ''It's the Reyna Thompson Hour.''
That bull market for movie memorabilia naturally raises the possibility that in 40 years someone somewhere will be willing to pay a large sum for, say, the wheelchair used by Tom Cruise in ''Born on the Fourth of July.''
This modern cavalry is not without problems.
Money poured into short-term Treasury bills but year-end profit-taking continued in the Treasury bond market.
But Tass reported today that rail traffic from Azerbaijan to Armenia was at a standstill and that the most likely explanation was strikes by Azerbaijanis protesting martial law.
Richard and Carol Pellegrine had a run-in with the sign ordinance in 1983, when they were campaigning for the first time for Town Council and Zoning Board of Appeals, respectively, on the Republican ticket.
''The irony is that now we have the freedom to do whatever we want without interference from the Government, but we have no means to do anything,'' says Justyna Guze, curator of drawings at the National Museum.
''We are seriously committed to conducting our operations in a safe and environmentally responsibile manner, and we are taking these measures to demonstrate that commitment.''
Dr. William Peter McEwen, an educator and former provost of Hofstra University, died of cancer on Wednesday at the Berkshire (Mass.)
Mrs. Scott started a nursery and baby clinic and accommodated groups of the elderly, disadvantaged and those searching for hope.
At the same time, the Lions have made Harris an offer, and Abram said he gave the Vancouver team a counter-offer yesterday.
There's also an American-style bacon-and-eggs brunch for $9.
Should the song win, the award would go to Ms. Warren.
Mr. Dinkins met yesterday with officials of Moody's Investors Service and the Standard and Poor's Corporation, in an effort to assure them that he will keep the city's budget balanced.
About 10 minutes before the shooting, the neighbor said, he had seen a cluster of young men standing around beneath a small tree across 169th from the building.
''We had a gun at our head,'' a senior Saudi official said.
But the writer of the headline describing the article also, perhaps unwittingly, offered the latest indication that John Dewey is returning to the education scene after years in intellectual and political exile.
It was made of ten processors, corresponding to the nine planets and the sun.
Among those who see the devastation wrought by crack, absent parents and inadequate housing, there is relief that standards are being set somewhere.
But Kevin Johnson (20 points) missed on a driving layup and Jerome Kersey (19 points) rebounded, setting up Duckworth's final shot.
Every citizen can vote, he noted.
''It will have some effect,'' Mr. Miller acknowledged.
Risebrough went from assistant general manager to head coach, replacing Terry Crisp, who was dismissed last month, one season after leading the Flames to the Stanley Cup championship.
It is no longer a question whether all South Africans must get full citizenship rights.
Experience taught me that if they were clean and well maintained, generally the standards of the factory would be high.
Among other things, his statistical snapshot of modern marriage concludes not only that four out of five married people say they would marry the same person again but also discloses that 61 percent of married people pray together; 39 percent take baths or showers together and 20 percent have bought erotic underclothes.
''I'm not proud of what I'm doing, but what we earn is a disgrace,'' Susan Coffman, a second-grade teacher, said this morning as she picketed on a spring-like, overcast day in front of the Piedmont Elementary School in downtown Charleston.
The brige loan, by providing financing to the Mexicans earlier in the year, allows some of the guarantees involved in the proposal to be offered earlier.
It's shortsighted to exclude them.''
The new museum's exhibitions will include sections tracing the immigration experience of real families, whose recorded voices will be heard and whose possessions brought to America will be displayed; archival photographs of the immigration process; a section called ''The Peopling of America,'' which will trace the history of immigration, both before and after Ellis Island, and the ''American Immigrant Wall of Honor,'' a wall of more than 200,000 immigrants' names placed there by descendants who contributed $100 or more toward the museum.
We expect a resolution of the sale sometime in February.''
Doctors said most of those who died were killed by live gunshot wounds.
Their untouchable status apparently originated, centuries earlier, in ''unclean'' jobs, from handling leather to burying the dead.
She is a graduate of the State University at Purchase, N.Y.
The performances are without conviction.
He has a starched white shirt on, and a red bow tie not even slightly askew.
''To maintain all those parishes with dwindling resources didn't make for good church,'' said the Rev.
''At my age an inauguration of any kind is exciting,'' said Mr. Ferraro, who at 67 has just won his first elective office.
Some analysts have put the figure as high as $2 billion.
Be that as it may, it certainly began on Aug. 18, when United States ships fired warning shots over Iraqi tankers.
The economy and the environment, ''especially the disappearance of open space,'' are the chief issues in the campaign, he said.
These are routinely approved by national parliaments, including Britain's Intended to permit the free movement of people, goods, services and capital, the single market will also bring the removal of internal borders within the 12-nation region.
By late 1989 and early 1990, the studios had pushed selling beyond the gift season, rushing some of their biggest hits - ''Batman'' (currently the second-biggest seller at 13 million cassettes), ''Honey, I Shrunk the Kids,'' ''Lethal Weapon 2'' - from theater projection booths to video stores and mass-merchandising discount chains at prices that have occasionally dipped below $15.
It's a time of change.
He said he takes lithium every day.
"What the Government may not do in the case of ordinary employees is justify drug testing procedures that intrude upon constitutionally protected privacy interests with speculation about possible future job impairment or rules violations."
According to the American Lung Association, the average American spends at least 90 percent of his time indoors, and 65 percent of that is at home.
A rash of crimes, including the killing of three boys in Washington State by a repeat offender who underwent months of court-ordered therapy, has refueled the debate.
She hopes that eventually the program can be enlarged to offer spousal counseling to managers at lower salaries without adding much, if anything, to fees.
The United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit, in Richmond, Va., ruled last year that the policy violated the First Amendment's guarantee of free speech.
Mr. Galeano said on Friday that the fact that the contras were meeting with Mrs. Chamorro showed a willingness to work to rebuild ''a society that is destroyed.''
At the same time, if we do not balance those interests, put some limits on how much we allow one interest or one trading practice to affect the stability of the market, we will have a professionals' market by default.
The inspector touched a faucet that twirled 360 degrees.
I was also so rash as to charge Mr. Gilman with misinterpreting Samuel Johnson.
When the Giants started preparing today for Sunday's game here against the Detroit Lions, they had one overriding question.
* Barbados Board of Tourism, to Grey Entertainment & Media, with a budget of $4 million.
Colt Firearms' buyer, the C. F. Holding Corporation of Hartford, first emerged as an interested party last November.
''I don't think you'll find any organization more American.''
But to the thousands who visit the two farms as Halloween nears, the holiday tradition is a family affair and more.
Dave Stewart had won his last six post-season starts, limiting the opposition to 1.88 earned runs per nine innings.
But the company missed a valuable chance to make antilock brakes a standard safety feature instead of an option.
Mr. Nabokov said he counted himself lucky that Penelope, alone among the passengers taken to Baghdad, was in the relative safety of the Embassy.
But what does that mean specifically, here and now, for actions in the gulf?
To the Editor: It was not Dryden who said that Spenser, in imitating the ancients, ''writ no language,'' as Frank Kermode says.
Washington has expressed only perfunctory concern about the Sudan, the vast northeast African country where a wave of political terror has claimed doctors, lawyers, journalists, poets and trade unionists.
That might mean Matsushita was getting a bargain.
''She's also making a documentary about Lebanon and Beirut,'' Mr. Teague said.
There's Michael Jackson, who despite denials, appears lighter in complexion and thinner in nose and mouth; the new golden locks of Shari Belfonte, the actress daughter of Harry Belafonte; the occasionally green or blue eyes of Oprah Winfrey, courtesy of contact lenses.
It is in our interest.
And the achievement of those who are not silenced - such as that of Ms. Olsen herself - bears witness by its very existence to what might have been, in the shadows of what never was.
George, the tall, lean quarterback with the rifle arm and the passing poise of a pro, is expected to beat out Chris Chandler and Jack Trudeau for the Colts' starting job.
But the X-ray telescope has to be managed by computer commands sent from Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Md.
In the interim, the city can get an independent analysis of a questionable part of the contract - the plan to reduce the city's contribution to its teacher pension fund by changing the fund's earnings assumption.
''And here's a picture bell; this in particular is a cardinal bell,'' he said, picking up a small white bell with a bright red cardinal painted on it.
Mr. Weakland has not settled the S.E.C.
The modest profits on its gift program are unlikely to make much of a dent in the service's estimated deficit of $1.6 billion this year.
According to Robert Bergmann, president of the Nassau County Medical Society, the policy of allowing parents in an operating room is nothing that can be given blanket approval or disapproval.
''Perestroika is a betrayal of the revolutionary cause,'' the 72-year-old Mr. Arenas said heatedly to an interviewer a few weeks before dying of a heart attack on Aug. 10.
board members, who "wanted us to squeeze all the savings we could out of the administrative side of the house before we started cutting service."
''Any time building work is done it is a further protection of all shareholders' investments and should be viewed as such.''
But for some reason it gets put on a shelf.''
Financing a college education has led to redistribution in enrollment patterns.
Now the 49ers prepare for the Rams, their fierce N.F.C.
'They Love Me' The Cosgroves are part of a Fresh Air Fund program called ''Friendly Town,'' in which up to 7,000 children from 6 to 16 years old visit host families in 315 different towns in the United States and Canada.
If yours is soiled, George Cahill, president of the National Flag Foundation, based in Pittsburgh, said it can be dry cleaned or washed by hand.
''No one wants them at any price.''
''It's difficult to manage,'' Mr. Henderson said.
Time and energy spent on a lawsuit, rather than on job-hunting ''directly lengthens the job search,'' he said.
The Egyptologist Sir Flinders Petrie says the Egyptians cut granite and other hard stones using tubular drills and saws edged with corundum or other gritty substances.
''We're certainly not anywhere near a downturn.''
''No solution can be found with the Americans around you.''
Diplomats said he was expected to leave the country in the next day or so.
After a few charges, thieves usually get the point.
Some Puerto Ricans move to the mainland; others claim residency while visiting friends or relatives.
Mr. Muller's admirers and critics alike agreed that the change came none too soon.
B1 Kasparov and Karpov draw in sixth game of chess match B3 The discreet charm of world- class chess kibitzers B3 Business Digest D1 Weekend New York still fun, but costly C1 Images of a self-built man C1 Hollywood horror from the drive-in era C1 Dealer again ordered to return mosiacs C17 Theater: On Stage, and Off C2 "The Voysey Inheritance" C3 Film: At the Movies C8 "Tune In Tomorrow" C8 Music: Japan Philharmonic C19 Dance: The new BaryshnikovC3 Art: Photographic composites C16 Baselitz on war's aftermath C30 Adrian Piper's angry works C36 Auctions C18 Restaurants C22 Word and Image: "Cop Rock" without the rock?
"We're going to listen to the people," he kept saying.
No suspect has been named.
An Easier Time in Detention The whereabouts of the other two, a Taiwan-born pop singer named Hou Dejian and Gao Xin, a former editor of a college publication, are unknown.
''People will put up with a bad situation if they think it will be better in the near future,'' he said.
His criticism comes at a time when the highest level inter-Korean talks ever are taking place between the prime ministers of North and South.
They literally had to go out and reconstruct the starting pitching rotation because they lost three-fifths of it to free agency.
They also point to trips sold by alumni groups and museums.
Currently listed for sale there, for example, is a 5.9-acre lakeside estate with a main house, a guest house, a tennis court, 250 feet of beachfront and a pier.
Mark Grace lined the next pitch into left for a single.
Glanville, the former Houston coach, called the Oilers' coach, Jack Pardee, ''a total jerk'' after the Falcons' 47-27 victory over Houston on Sept. 9.
But the owners remained firm on arbitration eligibility of three years of major league service.
Who are the main opponents of deregulation right now?
Near Saugatuck, Mich., a Lake Michigan resort popular with Chicagoans, the family-run Crane Orchards was reporting a good summer at its bed-and-breakfast inn and restaurant.
''As far as helping UNC stay open, I don't think the town can have much of an impact,'' Mr. Scott said.
The circus will be in town through Feb. 4, with performances on Thursdays and Fridays at 7:30 P.M.; Saturdays and Sundays at noon, 3:30 and 7:30 P.M., and at 2:30 P.M. on Wednesdays.
* Qume Corp., Santa Clara, Calif., a computer company, received an acquisition proposal from its chairman and chief executive, David S. Lee, and Wearnes Technology Ltd. of Singapore.
Brewery managers say that with some sophisticated marketing they can almost double exports so they represent 60 percent of production.
But when Helmut Schmidt, the former Chancellor, said publicly to a Dutch interviewer that Mr. Lafontaine would not win and did not deserve to, the party exploded in anger, insisting that the comments were not authorized and barring the Dutch newspaper, Algemeen Dagblad, from Mr. Lafontaine's campaign train.
Marshall now has seven career grand slams, tying him with Jack Clark for third among active players.
It came so sudddenly and there is so much hatred and mud-slinging.
And here, America is still doing very well.
The leaders and many of the issues that sustained the movement for 30 years have receded.
''When I say half-court, most people think of offense, but I mean half-court defense, too.
"What's not available is the rest of the program," and the convenience of having a dialysis center in a students' residence building.
Magnetic Resonance Imaging Center, which was sold in December 1988.
One piece of the data, however, the stunning fivefold increase in the appeals rate, strongly suggests that unpredictability has increased.
Other groups have long isolated their young males in hope of academic and overall improvement -- Roman Catholics, Jews, Muslims.
At Brown Brothers Harriman & Company, for example, Edward J. Campbell, senior economist, concluded near the end of August that a rise in oil prices need not be a disaster, although costly oil could cause economic ''stagnation, even negative growth,'' later this year.
''In the long term, that debt may become a financial burden.''
"A surprising amount has ended up in mass transit," said Marcy Benstock, the Clean Air Campaign director who was instrumental in defeating Westway.
Although Mr. Pickens owns 26 percent of Koito, Japan's largest auto-parts manufacturer, he has been denied a seat on the company's board of directors.
Another indicator - the next step -is the number of accelerated cases referred to the Department of Agriculture to await formal foreclosure action by the Government.
While he would not say how much he made in 1989, he added: ''I paid $1.2 million in taxes last year and I think that is a fair share to pay.
Yanks Need Some Talent The Yankees, on the other hand, could have 200 games, and with the way they are presently constituted they would probably not show that the change was beneficial.
But he added that it still appeared that the 811-foot tanker, owned by the New York-based American Transport and Trading Company, had somehow struck her own anchor while maneuvering toward an underwater pipeline about two miles offshore.
Nikolai Medtner, who died in 1951, was a prolific, technically skillful composer whose piano works have found a place on the fringes of the international repertory.
Being a mother requires bottomless patience, the ability to repress violent reactions and a tolerance for the irrationality and volatility of children - just the kind of skills that could help resolve the conflicts that lead to war.
The board, whose composition he did not discuss, would adjudicate the patient's claim and award compensatory damages, but punitive damages would no longer be granted.
She is a vice president of marketing and sales for the Corporate Presence gift store in New York.
That sanction is mild, considering that some executives of Silverado are under investigation and may be charged with criminal counts of fraud and insider abuses.
It's a delicious sight gag that parents of a particular generation will especially love.
Japanese companies ranked 10th on the list of acquirers there in the second quarter.
He had the gas turned off and cooks with a microwave.
By the end of his life, Mr. Burton's simple yet eye-catching benches, stools and chairs, cut from smooth and sometimes jagged pieces of granite, could often be found with people sitting on them in several North American cities, including Seattle, Cincinnati, New York City, Portland, Ore., and Toronto.
Freehold $210,000 22 Fern Avenue 4-bedroom, 2 1/2-bath, 26-year-old contemporary; 2-car garage, c/a, family room, 1 acre; taxes $2,870.
A disturbing account of the uneasy compromises between new civilian governments and the brutal military regimes they succeeded in Latin America.
The five players will be allowed to play in their team's next game.
ORIGINAL SCORE: Alan Menken, ''The Little Mermaid.''
Morris, despite his past glory, could be gone.
Located on its opposite shores, our two nations found themselves on the opposite sides of the barricades of Asian revolutions.
stopped at a lot of stop signs.
Guetterman has become what Righetti called the ''stabilizing factor'' in the bullpen.
He said the police have not yet determined a motive.
Chris Miller hit Floyd Dixon with scoring passes of 3 and 11 yards and Steve Broussard ran 50 yards for another touchdown as Atlanta (3-4) snapped a two-game losing streak.
Charles Slagle, a chemistry professor who teaches a Core class, said that of his 22 students, only three had attended school with a black.
There is still something we have to take care of."
Although lifting price controls is meant to lead farmers and manufacturers to increase supplies of goods, there were shortages of bread and meat today.
The squeezable drink box was developed by Ruben Rausing, a Swedish economist and inventor, whose family owned a paperboard packaging company in Lund, Sweden, in the early 1950's.
''Everything felt good,'' said Hinrichs.
The greatest thing about his trips is that the participants usually forget they are on an organized tour.
Blinky the Clown, a local children's show celebrity, introduced her to the television audience and, off camera, asked Schroeder to autograph her new book, ''Champion of the Great American Family.''
Hey, he actually said, ''I'm just a kid.''
''Yet, most do not,'' said Clair Watsky, who headed the volunteer team.
Mr. Braverman said, for example, that 25,000 manufacturing jobs were lost last month and that the increase in the total number employed was largely attributable to the end of strikes at Boeing and regional telephone companies.
Now, it seems, Early Musickers are performing almost everything.
''My father's a waiter; my mother's a seamstress,'' Ms. Wong said.
When Murray Craven made the score 2-0 for the Flyers with Maneluk screened on Philadelphia's fourth shot of the night during a power play at 11:56, another Islander demise seemed imminent.
There's really a sense of urgency.''
''It is sleeping, not dead.
This week a New Jersey inventor, Edward P. Diehl, patented an idea that may be the most unusual yet.
Quite apart from that he did something really unpardonable.
He was a founder of the Liberal Party in 1943.
She exhibited regularly in the 80's, but much of the work she showed was transitional.
New York City's long-suffering subway riders now face a new aggravation.
This currently fashionable hair is long, voluminous and either extraordinarily curly or downright frizzy.
In all, seven players shot 429 to miss the qualifying number by one shot.
2 tablespoons white wine or brandy (optional).
Smith is 27 years old.
But one man has been returning to Florida for 14 years, suggesting the dilemma facing poor people with limited opportunities.
''When there is a question in your mind whether a service is covered, ask the company in advance.''
''Too Beautiful for You'' is filled with inexplicably witty details and scenes that undermine traditional romantic behavior.
All but one of the seven smoke cigars.
Other clients have included Time magazine and the Texas Air Corporation.
Two actually have a restaurant format, the Tex-Mex chain called Chi-Chi's and the Baker's Garden.
Dr. Orton has bred six interspecific hybrids of dogwoods with the native dogwood, Cornus florida, and the later-flowering Cornus kousa as parents.
He pinned a blue ribbon to his lapel as a symbol of unity.
In 1984, Congress passed the Striped Bass Conservation Act, which requires the coastal states from Maine to North Carolina to comply with the Atlantic States Marine Fisheries Commission's harvest-reduction management plan for the species.
Dismissal 2 Months After Sinking In rebuttal, the assistant United States attorney, Mr. Boyle, said, ''Pont's life was ruined not by drugs, but by faith and trust in Jim Garbo.''
Sifting Through Options There are even companies that tackle the arrangements and book the halls and the entertaintment - like Promoceans, the Manhattan company that is doing some work for the Murrow students.
He said a half-dozen large plate-glass windows cost $7,000 to replace.
''The little boys start at $1,200,'' Mrs. Jarrow said, ''the little girls at $2,500.''
Moreover, their broad dispersion of highs accounts for sonic spaciousness beyond the range of budget systems.
The prisoner read, watched television and spent part of the day with his hobby of crocheting, Mr. Howell said.
Anthony made a promise to his brother in the letter.
A book of illustrations in which the game is to find an ubiquitous chap named Waldo.
He has implied that his election would draw billions of dollars of Japanese investment.
She said there was some flooding in the basement of a building that does not house inmates.
PC, XT, AT or compatible or a Tandy 1000, 3000, 4000 or compatible with either size of floppy disk drive and at least a 20-megabyte hard disk with DOS 2.1 or later.
It stands on a hill overlooking the Hudson River a few blocks away and, with a rocker on the porch, the visitor could believe it was still the painter's home, rather than the Hopper House Gallery.
The actions seek to force the company and its officials to pay such damages.
As a result, two civil rights leaders who discussed Mr.
Daniel J. Berrigan and his brother Philip, received sentences equal to the time they had already served in jail before the 1981 trial, at which they were convicted of criminal conspiracy and burglary.
Penelope Keith is engaging as the retributive Mistress Ford, Falstaff's primary antagonist, but hers is a relatively small role - true also of Barbara Ferris's machinating Mistress Quickly.
Their constructive ideas are already at the top of our priority list.
The patterns resemble satellite views of the earth, with islands and irregular coastal regions projecting into ruby-toned seas.
McCaskill, making his season debut, allowed three hits in six innings, walked five, struck out one and threw 82 pitches.
In an opening address Monday, Archbishop Pilarczyk reported on the international synod of bishops that et in Rome in October to assess the state of training for the priesthood.
Earlier this week the Energy Department announced that the 35-year-old plutonium plant that was shut for safety reasons in 1988 at the Hanford nuclear reservation in Washington State would not reopen until an environmental impact study was completed.
The board rejected the unions' latest offer of $3.38 billion because the unions had been unable to get sufficient financing.
As traffic was diverted around the area, officials said the street closings would last at least two weeks.
Under Collier, the Broncos somehow suppressed Montana's passes.
Recently, for example, the Museum of Modern Art sold seven paintings, including works by Giorgio de Chirico, Piet Mondrian and Pablo Picasso, to buy a portrait by Vincent van Gogh.
Others shouted, ''If we vote for Iliescu, it's like voting for Ceausescu.''
Chicago loaded the bases with none out, and Dibble came on to give up one-run singles to Domingo Ramos and Jerome Walton.
Last December, the Minister of Health, Zak Kaheru, reported that 790,522 Ugandans had tested positive for the HIV virus and of these, at least 10,000 had developed the disease.
As the seabed desiccated, new forms of life evolved, and from March to May the vitality becomes particularly apparent.
Public employees who seem to engage in any political act have been threatened with reprisals and penalties (including a court case against me).
A judge eventually blocked the eviction.
Cover pot and bring to boil.
Most experts now predict that it will last right through 1990, and perhaps beyond.
But he is worried about the tight job market and said he would rather wait a year than apply for jobs he does not want.
By the time he resigned as Secretary of the Interior in 1946 -- Ickes refused to support President Harry S. Truman's nomination of the California oilman Edwin A. Pauley for Secretary of the Navy -- this righteous pilgrim embodied almost all of the ambitions and much of the myopia of mid-century American liberalism.
They initially conceived Boone as some sort of performer-artist, and their original models were Tchaikovsky, Oscar Wilde and Beethoven.
Co-op and condominium owners pay far higher taxes.
Villanova shot 30.4 percent for the game, including 25.9 percent in the first half but remained within striking distance thanks to switching defenses that repeatedly befuddled the taller L.S.U.
Management Issues Novell officials said it was not possible to agree on a new management structure that was satisfactory to both sides.
Her mother, Judith Kamerschen, is a watercolorist.
''Kuwait has faith in its Arab brothers.
''I went in right away and I said, 'Dave, I am not looking for your job.'
The two stars are Karen Colston (Kay) and Genevieve Lemon (Sweetie).
The locals buy the premise that their unique blend of good will, moxie, spunk, heart, faith, hope and charity is going to make the difference.
''You take a person like me.
When the department makes its calculations as to the total harvest, the presumed percentage of nonreporters is figured in.
What Mr. Bush says and does can ease this passage.
Partly because of the new interdependence.
''It's also good for the prisoner.
By the time they retrieved it, Elster was being waved around third, and he slid past the throw to the plate head-first for the first inside-the-park home run of his career.
Sausages are $2.50 to $3 a pound.
Peers held him in high esteem.
In December 1944, the colonial authorities used tanks to raze the camp.
b-After an extraordinary credit of $955,000, or 2 cents a share, due to a gain on the early retirement of debt.
Since 1975, the number of advertising pages for the three papers has risen nearly 30 percent, to a total of 6,002 pages last year.
Mayfair, who has never won a tournament on the PGA Tour, hit only 10 of 18 greens in regulation, but managed to make three birdies against two bogeys for a one-under 70.
His bluster didn't work this time.
Total payrolls in the securities fields, which rose sixfold from $2.1 billion in 1979 to $12 billion in 1988, fell to $10.8 billion in 1989, preliminary data showed.
What writing a script on spec and then selling it in an auction does, simply, is give the writer power to protect his work.
She joined Montgomery Securities in 1983 and worked with numerous technology companies that focused on the software industry.
The writer in me is thrilled to be able to observe one of my best characters up close.
Thermo Instrument Systems Inc., maker of analytic instruments in Waltham, Mass., that is a unit of the Thermo Electron Corporation, reached an understanding to acquire the Finnigan Corpration, which makes spectrometers, for $20 a share, or $110 million to $120 million.
Fifty-two eligible men of distinction were presented at the benefit for the National Glaucoma Trust.
As these examples indicate, Vincent Zigas' is an attention-getting style of writing.
Many economists had expected a small increase in June.
He is serving a 45-year-sentence for racketeering, murder and extortion and he said his cooperation was given in return for an agreement by the Government not to bring additional charges against him and to advise the court of his cooperation in any future sentence reduction hearing.
One version of this advertisement shows a Christmas card, with the words "Season's Greetings" printed above an idyllic photograph of a snowy road.
Named ''That's What Friends Are For,'' the concert was organized by Arista Records, to celebrate its 15th anniversary.
Though there have been concerted public health campaigns promoting the use of condoms in recent years, Ms. Foster Struggs said, ''they only sold the use of condoms as a method to prevent AIDS.''
''Some of the things I sell may be disgusting, absolutely disgusting,'' said Mr. Greenberg.
''I am not going to sign any document, no matter how impotent it is, that implies I have done anything wrong.
And then there were my other gripes: ashtray too small, radio so hard to use that remote buttons have been added to the hub of the steering wheel, thereby also making it hard to tootle the horn.
Canadian rail service has recently been curtailed to save Government subsidies.
Mr. Vargas Llosa, the novelist, who is campaigning with the support of Peru's rightist parties, advocates a more military approach to the insurgency.
Backed by Ed Zad on guitar and Eddie Edwards on bass, Mr. Cole is to sing and play today and tomorrow at 8, 9:45 and 11 P.M. On Sunday, each show is one hour earlier.
Wise was handcuffed and led with Mr. Richardson to another courtroom to escape the uproar, Mr.
A widespread rumor had it that they sold the gold to pay for American Treasury bonds, of all things.
There have been countless theories pointing variously to the United States, Britain, France, Libya and Italy itself, all of which deny they know anything.
The operation would have billings of about $4 billion.
& T. band members ''were hitting people with their instruments.''
''That's not a fair question; I wasn't offered that.''
''My mother died of asthma,'' he said.
With others who are improving their homes because they have decided to stay put until the market improves, they have pushed spending on home renovation to a projected annual rate of $114.1 billion this year, up from actual expenditures of $100.9 billion last year, according to the Remodelers Council of the National Association of Homebuilders.
The substantial construction and maintenance costs for this design can only be justified by intensive public use.
I think I have the potential to medal in the pommel horse and parallel bars.''
Surely the committee and an informed citizenry can weigh the charges in the light of their understanding of valid constituent service and respectable Congressional custom.
Enormous diversion structures would carry Mississippi River water through canals or spillways to the marsh behind the levees.
The second volume of a projected four, Mr. Caro's account of Johnson's life from 1941 to 1948 - especially the "stolen election" that put him in the Senate - is the work of an indefatigable researcher and a master narrator.
''The ad said the only requirements were 'a lot of dedication and a sense of humor,' '' Mr. Hupp recalled.
"We felt the momentum was going our way all night.
Just when it seems that the plot entwining her four main characters cannot take another twist without breaking, she introduces a new concept: What if our memories were manipulating us instead of vice versa?
viewed the Lions' move as one of desperation more than courage.
The images painted by a free mind are varied and limitless.
- Mark Swed Berlioz: 'La Damnation de Faust' Michael Myers, tenor; Jean-Philippe Lafont, bass; Anne-Sophie Von Otter, mezzo-soprano; Edinburgh Festival Chorus and Orchestre de l'Opera de Lyon conducted by John Eliot Gardiner.
With a little less pomp and circumstance than had been the norm for the past 106 years but with a vow to return here in finer fettle next year in its 108th edition, the National Horse Show closed tonight at Byrne Meadowlands Arena.
Citizens of other states concerned about air pollution and crumbling infrastructure will be pulling for the proposals to succeed.
The changes were announced yesterday by The Times's publisher, Arthur Ochs Sulzberger, who also named Mitchel R. Levitas, a senior editor of The Times, as Mr. Gelb's successor in the Op-Ed position.
The Mayor made it plain that he speaks with special feeling for disenfranchised people.
The Goetz case helped define the standard of ''reasonable belief'' in New York.
''This is what it's all about, just playing against a guard like him,'' Jackson said.
"Somebody, after winning all these games consecutively, is going to wind up with a two-game losing streak with the other one moving closer to a home-field advantage throughout the playoffs," said Roger Craig, the 49er running back.
That led to almost a decade of legal action and arbitration.
The public might accept this arrangement because it would not be cut underhandedly.
The party line has already meant letting Grant Green, a similarly traditional guitarist, fall through the cracks.
Mr. Bush had a record as head of the Deregulation Task Force and a son on the board of a sinking thrift; Michael Dukakis was warned off the issue by Congressional Democrats, who feared their own liabilities might invite a backlash.
Thus far, only a little-known State Representative, William J. Cibes Jr., a liberal who supports an income tax, has entered the Democratic race against Mr. Morrison.
The Rainbow Theater Company grew out of a series of classical play readings given by the veteran actors, Stefan and Marion Schnabel at Norwalk Community College.
Though this ending does not diminish the reader's enjoyment of all that goes before, it does undermine the philosophical underpinnings of the book, leaving the reader with a faintly sour aftertaste.
But that was said in a rich, flourishing country, before millions of people were killed, and not millions chosen at random, but the selected ones, the elite.
That brought the rise over the last 12 months down to 3.5 percent from 4.4 percent in March and 5.1 percent in February.
Mr. Galvin, 59 years old, a consultant to the military industry, was also fined $10,000 by Federal District Judge Claude M. Hilton in Alexandria, Va., on his guilty plea on March 28 to conspiracy, bribery and tax evasion.
The suits could further delay restarting the reactors at Savannah River, the nation's largest nuclear weapons plant.
Mr. Sovern recalled one of his chief worries in 1970, when he became dean of the Columbia Law School.
Because the Mets hadn't made a change in managers in more than six years, the change itself could make an impact.
The company also produced the greatest number of cushions, about 50 percent of the market, according to commission data.
The elbow feels a lot better when you pitch well.''
New Unions Fill a Void East Germany's hated old Communist labor federation has disintegrated since the Berlin wall opened, and now newly formed East Germans unions, helped by thriving West German ones, are filling the void to champion the worker's cause.
But it is still much less in real terms than what we were paying a decade ago -- not the stuff of recession.
Then I dash into the house to tell my wife the good news.
The broadcaster tried to summarize the best he could what had happened there.
''In 1982,'' she said, ''it looked like the hospital trust fund would be bankrupt by the period between 1986 and 1990.''
The United States team has scored 11 goals in nine international games this year.
But most participants said the inflation report, coupled with the market's usual sense of unease in advance of the quarterly refunding auctions next month, was likely to push yields on long-term bonds up to 9 percent.
And insights into Mendes's early years and his projection onto the international stage flowed from the full cooperation given the author by Mendes's three closest allies: Adrian Cowell, a British film maker; Mary Helena Allegretti, a Brazilian environmentalist and the president of the Institute for Amazonian Studies; and Stephan Schwartzman, an American anthropologist who works for the Environmental Defense Fund.
The strikers are employed by subcontractors to do summer maintenance and safety work as part of a program ordered after a 1988 explosion at the Piper Alpha platform killed 167 men.
A growing number of studies have concluded that extremely-low-frequency magnetic fields of a similar type and level produced by video monitors may be a factor in unusual occurrences of cancers, birth disorders and other health problems.
In reponse, Atillio F. Petrocelli, United Capital's chairman, said General Development's board should not accept any transaction before the company's annual meeting, scheduled for May 4.
As soon as they turn pink and curl, drain them, refresh them in cold water and set aside to drain and cool.
Patriotic Fervor While David was serving with the American forces on Long Island in the Revolutionary War, the British burned the Hays home in Bedford, and then burned the entire village.
The music always had a sense of relaxed authority, but on stage the MG's brought out the suspense behind the restraint.
And also, what is a game that is still, for those dewy-eyed idealists, supposed to be on an amateur level?
Because of an editing error, an article on the Law page yesterday about American legal scholars who are consulting on constitutions for foreign governments identified one scholar incompletely.
We came to villages marked by the flickering of campfires and kerosene lamps.
Lanvin is reportedly paying Montana more than $1 million a year to bring it publicity.
Recession remains "only a forecast," he added.
The firm eventually withdrew from the competition before the City Council ruled.
The Netherlands also raised its maininterest rates by a quarter of a percentage point.
But Miss Sacher held back a painful truth.
Mr. Hall is one of the nine judges, along with the publishers Ian and Betty Ballantine and the writers Ray Bradbury, Carlos Fuentes, Nadine Gordimer, Peter Mathiessen, Wallace Stegner and William Styron.
Opponents also cite the wooing by Iroquois of local politicians and residents.
"It's the first time in which a deep-seated acrimony has surfaced," said Kenneth A. Guenther of the Independent Bankers Association.
Paying football players was only a part of the athletic department's problems in 1987, Mr. Murphy said, adding that the most important problem was that ''the university was viewed as the home of an excellent athletic team, not as an academic institution.''
The Appleton organ at the Middle Haddam church is an 1827 model, one of seven dating from before 1845 that are in salvageable condition.
The lineup includes forums on Hispanic arts, Tuesday; the life of an actor in Chile, Thursday, and the film industry in South America, Friday.
"The packaging is critical," said Marilyn Ducksworth, vice president, associate publisher and executive director of publicity for the Putnam Publishing Group.
I leave for home to cosset my roses and lilacs with warm shawls of eel grass and cover the sleeping hyacinths with dark moist quilts.
Mr. Gephardt rose with a tribute: a dramatic recitation of ''I've Got You Under My Skin.''
President Gorbachev, who considers the Baltic independence moves unconstitutional, made the phone call to Estonia on a day when Aleksandr N. Yakovlev, a member of Mr. Gorbachev's Cabinet and one of his closest allies, met with representatives of the Lithuanian independence Government in talks aimed at defusing the crisis.
The downturn is even affecting what may be the fanciest Korean market in New York, at Park Avenue at 75th Street.
Nevertheless, Dr. Silber's aides say he will try to convince voters that a vote for him will serve the same purpose as the petition, bringing fiscal responsibility to state government, without the drastic consequences of the ballot measure.
One Wall Street firm calculated that for the first half of the year filings for a total of $64.9 billion have been registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission, but that only $14.5 billion has been issued.
Miss Harington refused to talk about her ordeal.
A 'Precautionary' Measure Ms. Warmus's lawyer, Mr. Fiore, last week announced the results of a lie-detector test taken by Ms. Warmus five days after the shooting.
Drug addiction is known to be on the rise in Egypt, Iran, Lebanon and North Africa.
American ambivalence seems further complicated by the uncertainties of the post-cold-war era and a loss of American confidence in the ability of the United States to compete.
''There's no Republican or Democratic way of picking up garbage.''
Today, priests celebrated Easter Mass at the church continuously beginning at 6 A.M., and the pews were so crowded that late-arriving worshipers were forced to pray, sing and kneel on the stone steps of the entry.
How many tennis players have won all four Grand Slam tournaments during their careers, including the ones who did not do it in the same calendar year?
The American Life Lobby, an anti-abortion organization, expressed its dissatisfaction with Judge Souter today.
''When we turned off the sound, they would stumble.''
Any child taller than 44 inches, regardless of age, must now pay full fare.
These are Southampton, Brookhaven, and North Hempstead.
Philip Ho, Discovery's majority owner, is president of a Japanese-owned company, Nansay Hawaii, and opponents of the airline argued that this left Discovery open to foreign control.
But the film, while silly, is considerably less cute than the original, and ''is itself a mutant of sorts, a contentious, unsightly hybrid of martial-arts exploitation films and live-action cartoons.''
''He was anti-drug,'' Mr. Caggia said.
LOUIS J. COLETTI Manhattan The writer is president of the New York Building Congress, a construction trade organization.
Census data is crucial in guiding poll takers and survey researchers who gather information from small samples of people and extrapolate conclusions about much larger population groups.
she exulted, looking forward to sharing this with friends at a midnight feast.
We prepared a couple of dinners and one or two lunches.
State religious authorities have even legalized the long-outlawed Ukrainian Catholic Church, although serious disputes still continue with the official Russian Orthodox Church over property.
There is a headless ''violin'' torso whose abstractness would have done Picasso proud, and another figure in which the clasped arms slip, the belly swells, one knee falls a little forward of its twin and the feet seem to really carry weight.
Meeting in New York President Yoweri Museveni of Uganda and President Juvenal Habyarimana of Rwanda were in New York for the conference on children.
If he has his way, a piece of paper, which he calls ''flatland,'' will reveal depths, contours and subtleties of reality we have never seen before.
It would seem the environmentally correct thing to buy.
"The rest of the country has already faced up to the problem years ago.
Child advocates, who have been pressing the department to toughen enforcement for several years, welcomed the statement but noted that the department, constrained like others by the Federal budget, is not adding money or personnel to enforce the laws.
plant in North Tarrytown, where he works assembling mini-vans.
The players could have been lifted straight out of a board game -- or Greek tragedy: a charismatic, but stubborn, protagonist too proud to bend to the wishes of those who elected him; a group of young, impatient partners who believe they should be making more than their already-six-figure incomes; an agitator preoccupied with a personal grudge, and a loyal, but ambitious, underling maneuvering to win center stage if his mentor stumbles.
Down the street the screen door squeals open and slaps shut at the Lewis Hot Dog Shop, where a hamburger is $1.25 and the owner, Dorothy Lewis, does not have a phone and knows all of her customers.
By Leonard J. Leff and Jerold L. Simmons.
I speak with my hands, and I feel as if I've lost them here, as if they've been cut off.''
Pan Am requires passengers with reservations to purchase tickets at least 60 minutes before the scheduled departure time unless an earlier ticketing time has been specified.
This book breathes with the roller-coaster rhythms of obsession.
Oregon City also holds the original plat of San Francisco, filed in 1850 at the only Federal courthouse for thousands of square miles.
Like the opera that Mr. Bolcom is working on, again with Mr. Weinstein as librettist, ''Casino Paradise'' will have political overtones as well.
''If you would come to us to discuss the problem, we would see what we could do to accommodate you.''
I just think they're misinformed and prejudiced on this issue.''
#154 Incidents in the State Middlesex, which curves west and south of Staten Island, has a population of 596,000.
''I thought it was brilliant how Red rode the laughs in the song 'Spanish Rose,' how he underplayed the jokes like the best comedians.''
Mr. and Mrs. Samuel H. Lindenbaum of New York have announced November wedding plans for their daughter LAURIE ELLEN LINDENBAUM and ROBERT ALAN HORNE, a son of Mr. and Mrs. Fred M. Horne of Wheeling, W.Va. Miss Lindenbaum, 27 years old, graduated from the Riverdale Country School and Harvard University and received an M.B.A. degree from Columbia University.
By May 8, he had grown incoherent and incontinent, frequently gritting his teeth and suffering facial spasms.
Main Ammunition The main ammunition for the Democratic nominee is expected to be the criticism Mr. Regan has received from many quarters, including the State Commission on Government Integrity, for systematically soliciting campaign contributions from Wall Street firms and others that do business with his office.
For Judge Souter, the problem is whether to answer at all and if to reply, how to do so in a way that neither compromises his legal conscience nor inflames the committee against him.
''We're making some progress but it's very slow,'' he added.
Tickets may be purchased in advance for $20.
It has been a streak that, at least for a night, moved Garden management to retract its previous insinuations about Ogrodnick's heart.
The bride, who is 29 years old, is a magna cum laude graduate of Harvard University and a candidate for a doctorate in clinical psychology at New York University.
Part of the problem was the way the course was taught; students were able to use computers in a laboratory but not in the classroom.
'We Don't Gossip' Members tend to drop out when they find a new relationship, Mr. Halman said.
''You know what the situation is: We are bankrupt.''
George S. Mickelson of South Dakota was barred from attending a commemoration today of the 100th anniversary of the Wounded Knee massacre after Russell Means, a militant American Indian leader, blocked the entrance to the site.
Kevin McHale led Boston with 32 points.
All this at a time when once prominent thrift institutions are indeed going under almost every day.
You really want to give a ribbon to all of them.''
With a combination of brilliant intuition and sure calculation, Madonna has been able to make herself the embodiment of shifting, even contradictory desires, which then ripple across the mass media that she has made her own.
The more enthusiastic proponents of a Soviet free-market economy say they doubt the measure can accomplish much without the restoration of true private-property rights.
The success of X-rays varied among the three cities, however.
Michael H. Sussman, lawyer for the Yonkers Branch of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, a plaintiff in the 10-year-old court case, said today's ruling did little more than ''give each of the Councilmen the right to get their $3,500 fines back.''
From Algeria to Bahrain, public opinion in the Arab world is undergoing the most troubled soul-searching it has experienced in modern times.
Later in New York, sterling dipped to $1.6388 from Thursday's $1.6450.
In ''The Jewish Way,'' a book on Jewish holidays, Rabbi Irving Greenberg writes that ''under the surface of normal time there courses a parallel stream of sacred time.''
He added that his team was ''not pessimistic.''
You are required to report all income, even if it is not taxable.
''Everything's already been fully looked at,'' the spokesman said.
''People aren't very happy about it because the growth in California can create oversupplies which will lead to more cuts in Government support prices,'' said Bob Wellington, chief economist for AgriMark Inc., a dairy cooperative in the Northeast.
Best of all was pecan pie a la mode, made with candied pecan halves and topped with bourbon-laced whipped cream and a rich vanilla ice cream.
It was late Friday afternoon and we were to hike to Sperry Chalet on Sunday.
Photorefractive mirrors thereby ''heal'' the laser beams they contain, permitting the beams to reach maximum intensity.
Subsequently the police charged Mr. Lewis with selling drugs in the hotel to people other than the Mayor.
Elizabeth Street, at 210 Elizabeth Street between Spring and Prince Streets, is open from 9 A.M. to 5 P.M. Monday through Friday and from noon to 5 P.M. on Saturday.
Though her beveled mirror had been shattered by the impact with the barge, ''I had a little routine,'' she recalled.
Where is the mention of my relationship to the others?
The epicenter was 25 miles north of El Centro, near the Salton Sea, according to the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena.
In the Senate, Mr. Breaux said this week, "our goal was to maintain our 55-to-45 margin, and we are in good shape to maintain that margin."
Moreover, the Celtics had a 9-1 finish while the Knicks were 12-21 over their last 33 games.
The concert at Carnegie Hall last Sunday afternoon was a fairly international affair, with works by American, French, German and Soviet composers.
They have extolled such concepts as empowerment, commitment and involvement.
''She doesn't know who I am,'' Mr. Walker said.
But Mr. Jobs has had to swallow a lot of pride in the last two years.
While Mr. Studds was making calls, his campaign mailed out thousands of solicitations.
Are the tourist attractions, restaurants and entertainment spots open at this time?
And yet, what a message for a mother to live with: you are dangerous to your child.
Military analysts said the Iraqi troop movements, along with other tactics including digging trenches and creating earthern berms, were similar to defensive strategies Baghdad had employed successfully in its eight-year war with Iran.
But in places where the Earth is relatively impepvious to electricity, as in regions of the dense igneous rock formed by cooling of the planet's molten core, the current seeks an easier route.
''This university and this nation must have more freedom.''
She graduated from Duke University and received a master's degree in journalism from Northwestern University.
''The Bush White House equates that with Michael Deaver.
''It was exciting just to be in the same room with him,'' says Mr. Adler.
''We are close to that point now.''
The test is a major triumph of modern genetics, offering the potential to prevent thousands of cases of debilitating and inevitably fatal disease each year.
Neither Rumanian nor Hungarian peasants were granted freedom or rights.
Weekend Frames for frames' sake C1 East Germany seeks art in Texas C22 New museum on Irish culture C20 Theater: On Stage C2 ''Six Degrees of Separation'' C1 ''Ghosts'' from Ireland C13 Film: At the Movies C10 ''Dick Tracy'' C1 ''My Uncle's Legacy'' C12 Music: Cabaret show by Betty Buckley C3 The singer Mahlathini C18 Dance: The many Jerome Robbinses C3 Art: By Maurice Brazil Prendergast C20 Montreal duo's installation C21 A little known American modernist C26 Auctions C25 Restaurants C16 Word and Image: ''Princess and the Dragon'' C24 TV Weekend C28 TV financing service names head C28 Law Page B5 At the Bar Murder trial now focus of abortion debate Sports Baseball: Magadan complains A22 Yanks top Red Sox A22 National League to expand A22 Basketball: Pistons keep N.B.A.
The financial holding company is based in Charlotte, N.C. * Manville Corp.'s senior unsecured debt has been lowered to BB-, from B, and its preferred stock has been lowered to B, from B+, by S.&P.
Stupid prosecutor's trick of the month -- and the competition is fierce for this one -- goes to the assistant state attorney in the 2 Live Crew case who said one of the jurors, a 76-year-old retired professor, was trouble from Day One.
''Every time I see him he gets better,'' Rosenberry said.
Its commandant-general, Servaas de Wet, who recalls James Cagney in his bantam pugnaciousness, said he had 10 commando units undergoing training.
But the person close to the talks said the creditors plan to oppose the withdrawal unless Texas Air agrees to back its earlier commitment.
''Up to last week, I think the answer would have been higher.
Another issue in the debate concerns whether public money should as a matter of right go to artists whose goal is to shock and disturb the public, to attack its conventions and assumptions, to disturb it.
Mr. Zephirin, 40 years old, of Lynbrook, L.I., pleaded not guilty yesterday and was released on $20,000 bail.
In one group portrait, the face of a dog is drawn in among the old men, while another composition, showing a particularly leaden group, is grimly titled ''Celebration.''
He added that although the research involved diabetes, it was not necessarily limited to that disorder.
On the New York Thruway ramp closings and lane restrictions are expected to continue for a year on the Niagara Section.
POSTERS TO SEE OR BUY Classic movie, travel and advertising posters and posters by such artists as Toulouse-Lautrec and Andy Warhol are on view today and tomorrow from 9 A.M. to 9 P.M., before an auction on Sunday from 11:30 A.M. to 4 P.M., in the ballroom of the Diocese of the Armenian Church, 630 Second Avenue (at 34th Street).
Triage is inescapable: if we negotiate with the kidnapper, we would save the lives of these children - at the cost of tens of thousands, perhaps millions, of other children sure to be incinerated when Saddam acquires nuclear bombs.
that could lead to the sale of $:1 billion of GPT's System X public exchange switching equipment in the next two years.
The marchers, some of whom carried black nationalist flags and chanted ''no justice, no peace'', were angry because a key witness in the case, John Vento, 21 years old, has been missing since Christmas.
Some politicians question whether Mr. Morrison has enough personal magnetism to overcome the obstacles and build sufficient support outside his district, which he has represented since 1983.
The anchors - Cassandra Henderson and Brian Todd on ''Newsroom'' and Michele Ruiz and Hicks Neal on ''Channel One'' - are young and peppy.
Alas, the story ends there.
The scallops are added last and are cooked over a high flame for just two minutes.
Gold futures rose moderately yesterday on New York's Commodity Exchange after tumbling more than $11 an ounce Wednesday.
In the 1980's, the Pacific basin replaced Brazil as a magnet for foreign credit and investment.
While I still follow Carlton Fisk, Bruce Hurst and other former Red Sox, I no longer root for them as I once did.
''Mother Nature'' is unfortunately a morality tale without a moral.
''Nobody knew about us,'' Dr. Balin said.
But all that has ended over the last few years, with an unexpected slowing of sales-tax collections in the Northeast from Massachusetts to New Jersey.
Again and again, climactic events seem about to occur (Villy goes to her apartment in London and stumbles on Edward and his mistress alone; Zoe toys with the idea of an affair), but, disappointingly, the possibilities for dramatic tension are ignored.
All livery cars must be licensed by the commission.
Congressional aides said that while the problems did not suggest corruption, the litany of deficiencies cast serious doubt on Northrop's fundamental business competence.
His mother, Judith Eichler Weber, writes children's books.
The fossil is probably 38 million to 40 million years old, appearing to date from the Eocene age, and could offer clues about the ancestors of man.
Some analysts say the Governor could recoup nicely by nominating Olivia Maynard, 54, who is head of state services for the aging.
Peace and reason in a symphony orchestra?
Officials who have worked with them say the vast majority have been as successful as other Cuban immigrants over the last 30 years.
Bill Cayton, Tyson's estranged manager, seemed skeptical about Tyson's abstinence lately.
''Time has come to put aside all alternatives and get on with the project.''
''In most large agencies that are highly structured that wouldn't happen, because the top executives would insist on dealing with the clients.''
Robinson retired 11 consecutive batters before Dawson opened the sixth with an infield single, went to third on Wynne's single and scored on Dunston's sacrifice fly for a 5-5 tie.
Abraham Eisner, executive vice president of Gelt Funding, which provided mortgages for most buyers, said that 30 of the 55 buyers it supplied with loans were either private investors or corporations seeking apartments for their transient people.
A formal discussion and vote on a declaration of war could constructively resolve internal differences over tactics.
A cum laude graduate of the University of Maryland, he is studying for a Ph.D. in economics at Columbia, where he is also an instructor and from which he has received two master's degrees in economics.
In the Pacific Northwest, for example, foreign arrivals at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport rose 17 percent in the first half of this year compared with last year, while domestic traffic grew only slightly.
While they praised President Bush for working through the United Nations to impose unprecedented economic sanctions on Iraq for its invasion of Kuwait, they expressed concern about the nation's engaging in a full-scale war over oil.
The region's appeal began growing in the mid-1980's, due largely to its relatively low cost and, at a time when terrorism gripped much of Western Europe, its safety.
will lead to chaos as J.U.A.
But Mr. Wilson's lead grew to five to seven points when poll takers weighted the numbers to assume, as many experts do, that Republicans are more likely to show up on Election Day.
Dear Diary: Not long ago I came across a newspaper item about a kosher fish restaurant that had opened in Brooklyn.
The move, to begin as soon as next year, is one of the largest such projects in the country.
The motive may have been to cover up a burglary, or anger over how little there was to steal.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* International Power Machines (AMEX) Qtr to March 31 1990 1989 Revenue 13,615,000 10,281,000 Net inc 66,000 192,000 Share earns - .03 View Full Article in Timesmachine »
''I'm not sure that's true anymore.
The consumer price report today showed that, excluding food and energy, which are subject to wide price swings, the index rose three-tenths of 1 percent, slightly higher than in April but well under a jump of seven-tenths in March.
She said other elderly couples should be able to manage with the settlement money, but moving might be more difficult for younger families tied to jobs in Ponca City because there is no ready supply of cheap housing here.
Shortly after midnight the company announced that the computer problem appeared to have been solved and that the switching system had been working normally since 11:30 P.M. A spokesman, Walter Murphy, said the company expected the network to operate normally today, when it will face a heavy volume of workday calls.
The Pentagon spokesman, Pete Williams, said in late December that the Rangers were not fired on as they parachuted into Rio Hato because the defenders had been stunned by two 2,000-pound bombs dropped by Stealth F-117 fighter-bombers.
The land running down to the ocean grew prickly plants that were a splendid habitat for ticks and mosquitoes.
Mrs. Marcos is charged with stealing about $222 million from the Philippines and then defrauding two United States banks in order to buy four Manhattan skyscrapers.
The question still most often asked: Why did Steinbrenner opt for a more severe penalty than the two-year suspension Commissioner Fay Vincent wanted to levy?
Music that good will endure, and so, long after his death, will the impact of Aaron Copland's art.
The President said he ''urged the Soviet Union to begin a good-faith dialogue'' with the Lithuanians to avoid any use of force ''because we have an awful lot at stake in the U.S.-Soviet relationship.''
He now poses a serious threat to Mr. Rowland's once-bright prospects.
If you add up the elements you need for a successful brand, they've hit them all.''
Offensively, the Orioles are eager to learn if Mickey Tettleton can match the kind of performance that produced a career-high 26 home runs.
The ''clubs,'' with the connivance of bribed union officials, squeezed out legitimate competitors.
The council said its initial recommendations centered on the riverside area.
With Lendl down by 0-2 in the third and serving at 15-15, another running backhand from Krickstein spun off the baseline for a winner, only a few feet away from Lendl, who was broken again for a 0-3 deficit.
We don't ever get the easy ones.
The net losses and net income are after reduction for minority interest in subsidiary.
And in the match-up of Mr. Costner and Ms. Stowe, who first came to notice in ''Stakeout,'' ''you can smell the energy; you can smell the vibrations between the two of them,'' he said.
His program would cost $25 billion a year.
''We found out that he had been to an art school in India, at Shantiniketan,'' Mr. Hashmi said.
After the service, the members of the congregation - many in T-shirts and blue jeans - spilled into the streets, where crowds were playing games of chance to win oversized stuffed animals and framed posters of Bart Simpson and bikini-clad women.
Most proprietary leases say that if the directors don't give consent, then the matter can be considered by the entire cooperative.
If the sail is shaped and positioned properly, pressure differences are created that move the boat from a high-pressure area to a low-pressure area, Mr. Harper explained.
Petty, Mr. Harrison and Bob Dylan on ''The Traveling Wilburys, Vol.
For those wishing to bypass Amagansett's Main Street, Bluff Road has become a speedy alternate route, especially near the intersection with Atlantic Avenue.
The board will also pare money for several centrally financed programs, including eliminating a $400,000 program for student ''diplomats'' who visit other cities and canceling a new program that would have provided $1.1 million for the identification of teaching prospects in college.
Mr. McKenzie said he knew nothing.
But with few exceptions, virtually all aromatic spices used in the United States are still imported from the tropics in the East, some directly by companies and others through brokers.
He also pleaded no contest to a misdemeanor for possessing a loaded handgun in his candy-apple red Jaguar and was placed on three years' of informal probation.
Set in the grimmest of possible worlds, (London in 1999, where a global catastrophe - called just "the Crisis" - impends.
Magadan lined his single to right, two runs crossed and the Mets shot in front.
Together they created a free-flowing improvisatory parade of sounds.
The idea of formal amnesty for political prisoners has support in both Mr. de Klerk's camp and the A.N.C.
His father is a surgeon at Mount Sinai Medical Center in Cleveland.
We learn from it, uninterruptedly, and many is the inspired connection that it sets up for our enjoyment.
Mr. Trudeau's ''ineffable impressions'' of the Academy are derisive and completely false.
They reported finding 1,001 housing units not recorded in the preliminary census reports.
Yet New Yorkers have collected a generous fringe benefit from Westway's defeat.
U.S. Assurances Sought Yevgeny M. Primakov, a foreign policy expert who is chairman of a chamber of the Supreme Soviet, followed up by asking the Secretary: ''You have called on us to change our policies concerning Cuba and Nicaragua.
"God is the ultimate judge, and we can't understand everything that happens to humanity," he said.
All have returned home nursing grievances and starved for jobs.
He and his colleagues tested 25 hyperactive adults who had normal intelligence and no learning disabilities and who had never taken amphetamines to correct their hyperactivity, ruling out the possibility that any brain changes might have been caused by drugs.
The fuselage was tilted up a hillside, and there were risks to both the investigators and the evidence if it should slide or shift.
The spending cuts enumerated by the Governor today are intended to help close a budget gap that is now estimated at $1.5 billion.
Their problem isn't develping a style, but holding onto one.
Sacks as West underled his club ace, and Woolridge as East understood the message when his queen won.
"The teacher would have a negative view already, and I would walk in and be successful at playing that role," he said.
''You get completely into it and forget about everying else.''
Even if it turns out to be only a sentimental journey, Coghlan long ago earned one more Wanamaker Mile, one more Millrose Games.
The number of deaths dropped slightly last year, but officials are not yet sure of the reason.
But even if all the tanks caught fire, officials said, the blaze would be contained.
MIKHAIL SHKABARDNYA, the business manager of the Council of Ministers of the U.S.S.R., was in Washington yesterday observing the organization of the President's office to adapt it back home for MIKHAIL GORBACHEV.
Beeke Sell Tower of the Goethe-Institut in Boston, with the assistance of Peter Nisbet, curator of the Busch-Reisinger Museum at Harvard, has assembled from public and private collections throughout Europe and the United States some 65 works by artists like George Grosz, Otto Dix, Max Beckmann and Josef Albers.
Private-Enterprise Laws Restaurants in most Communist countries specify the quantities that are supposed to be served.
U.S. Healthcare Inc., one of the first health plans to link patient evaluations to doctors' bonuses, said it drops 1 or 2 percent of its 3,600 primary-care physicians each year because of low ratings.
Often they resign themselves to completing their assignments, keeping their desks neat and making vacation plans.
Molitor related that after a negotiating session in Tampa, ''we hopped on a plane together and flew back.
The show is so different from the disappointing de Kooning painting retrospective at the Whitney Museum of American Art in 1983 that it seems to be a clear reaction against it.
On Friday, President Bush announced that he was inviting Tariq Aziz, Iraq's Foreign Minister, to meet with him in Washington, and offering to send Mr. Baker to Baghdad to meet with the Iraqi leader.
A Soviet Breakthrough The breakthrough came in the late 1970's, when Soviet researchers added hydrogen to the gas and found that the resulting coating was predominantly diamond.
The biggest accumulation was on Thanksgiving, when 4.7 inches fell, but it melted so fast it hardly counted.
But he refused to specify what new taxes or what budget cuts he would support.
''The strength in apparel sales was particularly encouraging,'' said Joseph Antonini, K Mart's chairman.
The inflation rate is now projected to be 5.2 percent.
The Bank Executives Network is even more circumspect.
Another failure, exposed by this summer's embarrassment of riches, is a command-driven food industry that assures that even when nature does provide, much of its bounty will be spilled on the way from field to consumer.
Ski makers are trying to make up the shortfall by selling more high-priced equipment, and some companies are diversifying.
"If we set out on this road, it will destroy everything we have done," Mr. Gorbachev said.
But as Dr. Martin McCauley of London University said at one of the conference's last seminars this morning: ''The central tradition remained a culture of personality.
Last season the Giants paid Reasons $425,000.
Pinaud, one of the nation's leading mustache wax manufacturers.
Mr. Nelson, a businessman and lawyer, asserts that teachers' salaries remain low and that other changes under the plan have been unsuccessful and in some cases too rigorous.
Its operations in both countries have grown more rapidly than those of competitors, and Mr. Ratner, the 40-year-old chairman who greatly expanded the family business over the last six years, remains confident, with Mr. O'Brien quoting his boss as having said: "We've decided that we're not going to participate in this recession."
''New investigative tools, some of them not yet imagined, will surely be developed in coming years, but if we lack the specimens to which we could apply the new tools, what's the use?''
Tracey Wren Drorah Setel, the daughter of Susan W. Setel and Eugene M. Setel of Buffalo, was married there last evening at the Buffalo Club to John Joseph O'Donnell, a son of Mrs. Granville Morse of Palm Beach, Fla., and the late Edward F. O'Donnell.
Although precise numbers are not available, the incidence of tuberculosis among gay men with the AIDS virus in San Francisco is thought to be quite low.
Mr. Armstrong did not return telephone calls to his office yesterday.
And geographic sprawl has proved more a curse than a blessing for the company in recent years; while its fortunes have not been tied to the economy of any one state, they have suffered from problems in Texas and Arizona and are now threatened by a downturn in California.
A dining room and stairhall have been re-created, and furnishings from many of the Greene brothers' Arts and Crafts houses are on display.
Notable among them was Mary Cooper, who he said published English rhyme for the first time.
Four months after the United States Supreme Court issued its first ruling in a right-to-die case, the family of the victim returned to their county courthouse today in a renewed legal battle to let their daughter die.
''I gave all my papers to a man in Detroit for safekeeping, and when my lawyer asked me if I had any papers, I wrote to Detroit and got them all.
's executive director, has said that he favors removing restrictions on football players to allow underclassmen to put their names in drafts without losing eligibility.
''You have to cook it really, really slowly.''
List ''knew doctrine but didn't know his faith, because he didn't trust God to be able to solve his problems.''
Her father does not close his loops.
In their closing arguments of the eight-week trial, Federal prosecutors asserted that officials of the Mexican Government had played a role in protecting the drug ring.
The fair won't stand in the way of horse racing; a full harness racing schedule will be presented, with post times at 6:30 P.M. today and tomorrow.
At the same time, I resolved not to tell a soul about my plans until everything was final.
Good Dose of Snow As the weather grows warmer, however, the reprieve will end abruptly, Dr. Mangi said.
It must be evaluated on an individual case-by-case basis, he said.
Discovery flew five British Aerospace 146-200's, which carry about 100 passengers each, and provided service between Oahu, Maui and the Big Island.
On Wednesday, Interior Minister Abdel Halim Moussa said the authorities were investigating five cases in which terrorists ''of Palestinian and other Arab nationalities'' were caught entering Egypt with plans for ''the assassination and destabilization of Egypt's security.''
They broke into groups and headed into the woods.
Suddenly, beyond a red Colonial mansion set on a terraced lawn, one of the most beautiful bays we had ever seen opened out.
The new techniques required lots of hair.
Traders had expected a one-million-barrel drop in crude stocks.
But the principals basically repeated their earlier individual passages, in overlapping sequences.
The alternate cast will include Frederick Burnchinal or Richard Clark in the title role, Maria Spacagna as Gilda, John Fowler as the Duke and Sondra Kelly as Maddalena.
Earlier she had been executive director of the National Council for a Permanent Fair Employment Practices Commission and assistant to Oscar R. Ewing, Administrator of the Federal Security Agency, now part of the Department of Health and Human Services.
Her term would run for 15 years.
At Brandeis University, in Waltham, Mass., which also received $100,000, humanities faculty members will study African and African-American history to incorporate them into their courses.
He also has been successful at raising funds, frequently attracting the news media and collecting endorsements from Democrats and Republicans.
These policies will save consumers money and reduce the environmental consequences of automobile use without raising gasoline taxes.
To the National Hockey League, and now to Gretzky, fighting is an economic issue, pure and simple.
Even within the good driver category, Mr. Lawler said, drivers with different driving experience could be paying different rates.
The Okeanos Aggressor, a 120-foot yacht, takes groups of 19 passengers to Cocos Island about every two weeks.
No approach has been universally accepted and there are systems other than Kodak's.
Their days of wallowing in simoleons generated by the fury of Nimbus's sublimated hunger were clearly numbered, though being finaglers instead of psychobabblers, they didn't know it was sublimated hunger that made Nimbus a genius.
Their action could lead to loss of livelihood for tens of thousands of people.
He would mingle his daemon with mine; we would wrestle with my fate together.
You don't just work for the company.
Ms. Steiger told a hearing of the House Judiciary Committee that she did not know how long the inquiry would take.
Recruits are drawn from all parts of the Soviet Union for at least two-year tours of duty.
He said he had smoked crack with the Mayor on numerous occasions in the Virgin Islands, which is Mr. Lewis's home, and in Washington, including one instance in which he said the Mayor pulled crack from a hiding place in the cuffs of his pants.
After including the latest employment figures with other reports, he estimated that the economy did not grow at all during the third quarter, and might have even contracted slightly.
Carter Hawley Hale Stores Inc. reported sales up 2.1 percent for the four weeks ended May 5 and an increase of 4.6 percent for the first nine months of its fiscal year.
"They are not considered foreigners."
Another United States agency, the International Trade Commission, has already made a preliminary ruling that the industry has been injured by the imports and must make a final determination within 45 days of the Commerce Department's final ruling.
In the seventh inning here, Randy Milligan drove a pitch hard and deep to left-center field.
There is still reason to criticize the agency.
The fact that Heidegger's ideas have been subject to this laundering is not entirely his fault.
NBC is expected to earn more than $350 million this year, in contrast to about $150 million for ABC and about $85 million for CBS.
They say they will strive to conclude treaties on long-range nuclear weapons and conventional arms in 1990.
It's merely an invitation to share the latest in children's fashion: slap bracelets.
The bureau, with the Federal Department of Transportation and the Alaska Division of Natural Resources, monitors the pipeline.
It is 4 million, not 400 million.
Since the initiation-night drinking debacle two years ago, the Cloister Inn has held two non-alcoholic initiation parties and has stopped serving hard liquor altogether.
The constabulary role of the Soviet armed forces within the East Bloc alliance no longer exists, since Mikhail S. Gorbachev nullified the Brezhnev Doctrine.
BLUE THUNDER How the Mafia Owned and Finally Murdered Cigarette Boat King Donald Aronow.
Mr. Shevardnadze's main point to the respectfully delving questioner was to declare, ''I find it hard to add anything to what Mikhail Sergeyevich has said.''
Christopher Kingsland Potter, the bridegoom's brother, and Henry Hamilton Hunter Jr., the bride's brother, were the best men.
Thailand was the leader, with growth this year forecast at 9.1 percent, followed by Singapore and Malaysia, each with an expected 8.1 percent growth rate.
The opposition leader, Joshua Jeyaratnam, said the change at the top was merely cosmetic because as long as Mr. Lee remained in the Government, his successors would be unable to chart a new course.
From that point it dropped sharply.
While much of the newspaper's report accurately tracks General Polyakov's diplomatic career, experts say, the article veers from the truth at enough points to leave analysts puzzled and skeptical.
Members of Mrs. Chamorro's Cabinet and Nicaragua's Roman Catholic Archbishop, Miguel Cardinal Obando y Bravo, also attended.
Hope, left lonely amid a 4-1 deficit after 40 minutes, was fully abandoned shortly after.
She said she wished Governor Florio could know just how bad it is on the street.
In the case of ''Karfunkel Fee,'' the clothes and plane are tangled in a web of copper, lead and steel wire, the whole of which is attached to a painted scene of what looks like part of an enormous bridge or perhaps one of the Nazi monuments designed by Albert Speer that have long obsessed the West German artist.
''If they hear that they can get help based on numbers, they'd like to be counted,'' she said.
The action, on a chief provision of the bill, was a defeat for the Bush Administration.
Round the decay Of that colossal wreck, boundless and bare, The lone and level sands stretch far away.
The Jazz then strung together 14 consecutive points, and when Rudd sank a 22-foot jump shot with 4:05 left before halftime, the Nets trailed, 45-32.
''One of the ways to get and keep them is to help them fulfill their family responsibilities.''
It was also sharply underscored by recent displays of Sandinista strength through street protests and strikes that have paralyzed many of the country's vital services in the last two weeks.
''Reforms in Czechoslovakia won't create the very high inflation that Poland experienced because there is much more balance in the economy,'' said Zdenek Lukas, an economist with the Vienna-based Institute for Comparative Economic Studies.
He threw two tables, a chair and a can of deodorant.
To Mr. Tartikoff, prime-time television tends to be so formulaic that artistic devices attributed to one auteur are often found in many other series as well.
Neither Meola, a 21-year-old player from Kearny, N.J., nor Keller, a 20-year-old resident of Lacey, Wash., is altogether comfortable in a situation that sustains their rivalry with the team's first World Cup game, against Czechoslovakia on June 10, so near.
It will involve what I have come to call questions of cultural citizenship.
He parked himself in front of the coffee shop, opened up a trumpet case and began playing.
''It's a pretty complicated legal issue because it involves balancing the national security and due process,'' the official said.
The Jets reactivated John Booty, a nickel back who was on injured reserve with a knee injury, and Pat Kelly, a tight end who was on the physically unable to perform list after knee surgery.
One of their discoveries was that after 11 Bf4 c5 12 Nc3 a6, the attack with 13 b4 could be strongly met by the old, ridiculed 13 .
The Social Democratic leader joined the now-defunct Socialist Unity (Communist) Party before he was 18.
Mr. Fazio likes to be thought of as an issues guy, and plays a leading role in areas like abortion rights.
Texas has the highest state excise tax, at 41 cents a pack; North Carolina, a big tobacco-industry state, has the lowest at 2 cents a pack, according to the institute.
The Rangers improved their record to 17-8-5 and lead the Patrick Division.
''We used to get construction loans without upfront fees, but now we have to pay 1.5 percentage points,'' he said.
The true flower is the small insignificant center.
Frederick McGourty tells just such a story in his delightful recent book, ''The Perennial Gardener,'' (Houghton-Mifflin, $24.95).
''He won't be around long, you can be certain of that.''
New ideas are germinating, and each challenge helps beget another.
One of the Americans was reported seriously wounded.
Many count honor-tricks rather than points in valuing the hand.
In works as ancient as the historian Suetonius's biography of the tyrant, which dates to the early second century A.D., and as recent as the lurid 1980 movie, ''Caligula,'' the emperor has been used to epitomize depravity and cruelty in Rome.
The Whitman Corporation said it had discontinued negotiations for the sale of its Hussmann Corporation subsidiary and would pull the refrigeration equipment unit off the sale block.
''This is a formal gathering,'' Mr. Thomason said, ''so we dressed for it.''
One quick fix sought by many bankers is the sale of credit card businesses.
One building, Two Portland Square, with 60 percent of its 145,000 square feet already leased, is being built now.
Mr. Sherry said the problem developed Sunday when an error was detected in a tiny portion of Magellan's computer memory as the spacecraft prepared to fix on two distant stars to make sure it was pointing the right way.
ACROSS Europe, apprenticeship programs train millions of young people for skilled jobs.
Mr. Timon, 46 years old, joined Colgate in 1985, soon after the company established partnerships with Young & Rubicam and FCB/Leber Katz Partners to market the company's products worldwide.
It was the second day that the Senate has considered the resolution, which is being sponsored by Senator Bob Dole of Kansas, the Republican leader.
''Not to say there are not actions that I've done that I don't regret.
''I was an adult beginner,'' she said.
Members of the Congress have ignored it, members of both parties have ignored it, Presidents have ignored it.
''By the very nature of the process,'' he said, ''there will be a far greater public understanding of the complex and its functions than has previously been the case.
A young Arab gently complained that some American expatriates were overreacting by leaving the kingdom.
''It was my invitation,'' Vincent said.
The city's Sanitation Department is making the neighborhood's first pickup of recyclable glass and metal.
The Class of the Class Four years later, Mills, who would be a junior if he hadn't sat out last season, and Day have emerged as two of the best players in what may be one of the finest junior classes in the last decade: Alonzo Mourning of Georgetown, Billy Owens of Syracuse, LaPhonso Ellis of Notre Dame, Don MacLean and Darrick Martin of U.C.L.A.
Dr. Lockhart B. McGuire, a cardiologist and professor of medicine at the University of Virginia School of Medicine, died of colon cancer on Sunday at his home in Charlottesville, Va.
Until major league service time for the season is officially checked and confirmed by the Players Association and the Player Relations Committee, the list is subject to change.
Egypt and Saudi Arabia, along with Jordan, had been major backers of Iraq during its eight-year war with Iran, seeing Mr. Hussein as a bulwark against Islamic fundamentalist revolution.
Today, there are two broad categories of funds, usually run by a board of directors chosen or approved by the state insurance commissioner: property and casualty funds, which exist in all 50 states, and life and health funds, which exist in 47.
It also embraces arcane styles that have been around for a while, like Tramp Art and Bits and Pieces, in which discarded materials are reused.
Ms. Surrell said she has noticed more interest in the annual poppy, for example, which blooms in orange as well as shades of yellow, rose and crimson.
On Thursday, the city's high school was closed as students occupied its cafeteria and vowed not to leave until the contract was renewed.
''Schelomo'' has received more precise and patrician performances, like one that Janos Starker and Mr. Mehta himself provided in an old recording, but probably few that went closer to the soul of this work.
As a result, he said, Citibank had to lower its sights considerably or risk throwing money away.
Tickets, $500 and $1,000 from (212) 832-1786.
Connecticut's operating budget for this year is about $7.1 billion.
By involving himself in a violent labor dispute at a metal factory, he hopes to pay off a debt of conscience for the disdain he once felt for the working classes.
''That's why this was the sweetest win we've ever had.''
Interest rates could drop to zero without any new condos being built in much of Connecticut.
There is no evidence U.S. agents participated.
A Star Cluster to Sight On The telescope spacecraft will not take its first picture of the heavens until about two weeks after launching.
Of the 13 studied most carefully, they found that four were magnetically "flat," showing little or no variation of magnetic activity over time.
Spreadsheet programs allow the display of rows and columns of figures or bar graphs.
Insofar as I have ever had a mystical experience, I had one in that classroom - the right work of art telling the right truth to the right people - an absolutely impossible concatenation of events, a violation of the laws of probability, happening before me.
The female mite deposits two or three eggs each day in the burrows.
Life and death took place right in your own railroad flat.''
The scheduled seven-minute wait had stretched to 32.
''The take-home message for people is not to switch to butter from margarine,'' said Jayne Hurley, a nutritionist at the Center for Science in the Public Interest, an advocacy group in Washington.
Mr. McCann and others worry that Mr. Gugliatto has been used by Ms. Bembenek, who has had several would-be suitors go to considerable lengths to assist her appeals.
Unrelated to the Baroque Festival but among the Hoff-Barthelson educational projects are the young people's ''Cushion Concerts,'' narrated by Richard Kapp and played by members of Philharmonia Virtuosi.
The concert will be repeated on Oct. 23 at St. John the Baptist High School in West Islip.
Signalling a possible change in policy, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission staff said today that it was leaning toward allowing the Long Island Lighting Company to ship contaminated fuel supports from the Shoreham nuclear power plant to a low-level radioactive waste dump in South Carolina.
''As Attorney General, you take an oath to defend the state's policies.
He is the Northeast regional manager of the Real Estate Resources Corporation, a publisher of computerized real-estate information in Atlanta.
The foliage is back and most stores and hotels have reopened.
The first thing he did was record a number of Brazilian percussionists at a studio in Rio de Janeiro.
By relaxing reserve requirements, it signaled that it was worried about the downturn; the sharp rise in unemployment reported later showed why.
Mr. Baker will also be visiting American troops in Saudi Arabia.
Other cases in which the commission recommended the investigation or dismissal of Government officials ranged from the abuse of inmates at prisons to unjust imprisonment by local prosecutors.
Since these arms and oil producers are loudly proclaiming that they are taking economic and military action against Iraq in the ''noble'' cause of upholding the United Nations Charter on nonaggression, may I suggest that all profits from arms sales to the region and from higher oil prices be channeled into a special United Nations fund.
What is abnormal to us was normal to him.
& S. Plaza Avenue of the Americas at 33d Street (212) 465-0500 Featuring what seems to be the only Santa with a natural white beard in town, the scene here is one of relative serenity, probably because he can be found at the heart of the food stalls, surrounded by plenty of tables and chairs.
canteens staffed by hundreds of volunteers, but also with tickets to theater, film and sporting events and information about hotels and tours.
As dismay gives way to anger over Iraq, a fledgling American organization devoted to expanding commercial relations between Iraq and the United States is experiencing embarrassment and a sense of betrayal as well.
The Federal agencies responsible for the labeling of food products - the Food and Drug Administration and the Department of Agriculture - oppose the program as simplistic and as possibly misleading to consumers.
That decision would have to be made by the train operator.
The glasses have frames that look like wet sand and bright blue lenses that seemingly reflect the sea ($270).
''Folk Music: 1930 to 1990'' is being offered as an eight-session course by the Scarsdale Adult School (723-2325).
Debate in Print Quashed At the same time, Mr. Mobutu has not been reluctant to quash debate when it seemed to go too far.
But once you had a litter of felines singing and dancing in a junk heap -- and one of them ascending to heaven on a giant automobile tire -- a line had definitely been crossed.
Cook over medium-high heat for 5 minutes or until peas and potato cubes are soft.
''Eighty feet is a lot more believable now.''
No one should rely on a local guide to monitor his dives.
''Publishing is a badly managed cottage industry that now needs more Harvard M.B.A.'s.''
"There is acute dividedness over nearly everything," said Paul West, a writer who is a fiction juror.
She is completing her autobiography, scheduled to be published by Doubleday in the spring.
In the very first new episode of the current season, Bart faced the dim prospect of being left back in the fourth grade.
BACK IN NEW YORK on Lincoln's Birthday, Robert W. Seijas watched the S.& P. 500 futures price fall.
"We must not start making prophecies," he added, "and we must not appear like those pushing the U.S.A. toward war."
But he said the test results did not determine when Gathers last took propranolol and how much of it he took.
She and others said that the transfer of control to Mr. Britt had been planned for a long time.
In East Germany, abortion is legal in the first 12 weeks of pregnancy.
Mr. Nixon brought Mr. Brezhnev to Camp David to continue discussions in their second summit meeting in 1973.
Gerri Donini, a senior vice president and manager at Young & Rubicam, said she had been disappointed by the performance of the Consumer News and Business Channel, the service owned by NBC and Cablevision Systems Inc. ''We expected it to have more subscribers than it has so far,'' she said.
Even if Bianchi wanted to make major changes, he would have extreme difficulty because salary-cap restrictions won't allow it.
The public now enjoys more service and lower fares than it did several years ago when there were twice as many major airlines, the study said.
''It simply clammed up and pretended nothing was wrong.''
The theater charges $10 for Friday and Saturday night shows and $7 for Sunday matinees.
''We have never had these commitments before from the Japanese,'' Hills says.
I would grade their class ''worksheets'' and return them the same time the next day.
''He tells us not to forget that the superstars are no different than the other guests,'' one waiter said; ''they all get up in the morning and put on their pants one leg at a time.''
Mr. McMahon represents 16 former defendants: 6 unoading companies or groups that carry fish brought by trucks to wholesalers at the market and 10 loading groups that take fish from wholesalers to retail customers' vehicles parked at the market.
The three agencies that were consulted for this article all said that when they did not have a contract-priced ticket available to a requested destination, or did not have a contract with any airline that went to a particular place, they would sell each other's tickets, or buy a ticket from an outside wholesaler - called a consolidator in the trade - and resell it.
"I can't control the crying of the 2-year-old," he said.
The Vatican's Congregation for the Causes of Saints must decide if there is merit in a cause for a candidate's heroic virtue or martyrdom and then send it on to the cardinals of the congregation and eventually the Pope.
You know the magnitude of it."
But in December, his presentations at a federally sponsored workshop convinced several scientists that the findings could not be dismissed without trying to replicate them.
He said today the Government might even try to kill him.
he offers, when McClane wants to borrow a piece of equipment.
A. Michael Lipper, president of Lipper Analytical Services in Summit, N.J., said defaults do not pose a major risk for investors with diversified portfolios.
He has devised swooning waltzes and roaring jigs; he has employed traditional classroom steps, pre-classic forms and contemporary athleticism.
The peace plan, first made public earlier this week, was drawn up over eight months by the five permanent members of the Security Council: the United States, the Soviet Union, China, Britain and France.
Mr. Bush opened the selling campaign for that budget at his news conference today with his comments on military strategy and by calling the Social Security tax cut proposed by Mr. Moynihan, Democrat of New York, a ''sleight of hand'' that would end up producing an increase in other taxes.
* Caterpillar Inc. is offering $150 million in 9 3/8 percent senior notes, due in 2000, at 99.30 to yield 9.484 percent through Merrill Lynch Capital Markets.
''To me,'' said Mrs. LaPalermo, ''neither side does anything for you, so it doesn't matter how you vote.
''There's only one way in and out.''
The second obstacle involves big corporate customers who spend millions on computers and maintain close relationships with their suppliers.
To make too much of this, however, is misleading, for Stone is not in reality at all distant.
For decades, the paper paid the same dividend to both voting and non-voting shares.
1 in everything except the number of immigrants - legal and otherwise.
Air-conditioning and heating are derived from a heat pump that extracts hot and cold air from well water and returns it to the earth.
But there is so little good underground water on the west side of the vast Central Valley that farmers like Ted Sheely face some terrible choices.
In its hearings the F.D.A.
Yesterday, clusters of neighborhood teen-agers whispered and cried about the killings.
He acknowledged that rescuers often make mistakes, but none of those turn up on ''Rescue 911.''
But they say they are troubled by recommendations that conflict with policies established by their national organizations, like the elimination of pledging.
''A severe landscape, made humanly more severe,'' he says, pointing to serpentine erosion gullies, 40 feet deep.
L. William Seidman's hospital for sick banks may turn out to be more like a hospice.
Only the Soviet republic of Latvia carried the speech live, Vatican officials said.
''We're hoping to emerge from this as an institution that has forged new ways of effecting academic reforms in athletics,'' said Mr. Eaton, who is leaving Iowa State to become director of the Columbia University Lamont-Doherty Geological Observatory in Palisades, N.Y. One of the report's major findings was that the academic records of football and male basketball players at this Division I school were not as solid as those of the rest of the student body.
Industry response rates average 1.5 percent.
Harvard, Washington and Wisconsin had won regional championships to qualify for expenses-paid trips to the site at East Fork Park, east of the city.
I have trouble with such things."
Many computers, including popular laptop machines whose screens cannot display sharp graphic images, do not have the capability to run Windows.
'Falling Apart' The shuttle, he said, "is falling apart."
''It confirms the view that a very small group of people had a kind of access to the system,'' said Representative Jim Leach, Republican of Iowa.
''So much of my life is filled with chaos,'' Mr. Ferren said.
The second would have 10 Senators elected from 10 geographical regions and 10 more Senators elected from groups identified by language, culture or religion that had the support of 500,000 or more voters.
''To analyze them intelligently with a computer, you would need random numbers to see how they would work out.''
"For the last few years, he was fed up playing in New York.
Although orders from my well-heeled customers were hardly sluggish, the news that payment was not required until delivery invariably fanned the fires.
He later picked up a seat in neighboring Punjab province and took his place in the National Assembly under the banner of his small National Peoples Party, which he formed after breaking with Ms. Bhutto in 1986.
Malcolm Sargent was also partial to Mozart, and the third of his four recordings (Seraphim 4X3G 6056; LP, cassette), the least expensive version available, is an excellent traditional performance.
''The history strongly suggests pre-Civil War,'' Mr. Warner said.
For art critics, mainstream television used to be a place to get away from it all, take a break and put the mind on automatic pilot.
Turn left (west), proceed for one block, and turn left onto Muttowntown Lane.
Most agree that it is a one-time opportunity to create something fine for New York, but there is wide disagreement over what it should cost and what it should contain.
In practice, however, you can find a Carcassonne cassoulet that contains goose, and in Castelnaudary one that uses lamb.
The next year, Bergesch joined the Cincinnati Reds as general manager and served there through the 1987 season, again giving way to Cook.
Although this exurban household on the Hudson River seems at times to prefigure the yuppie ostentation of the 1980's, Salter has no intention of trivalizing the search for a beautiful life.
After the 1980's fewer people lived in each house and developers enjoyed a boom.
It bought from the hospital two chunks of land that the hospital successfully rezoned through the land-use review process.
And if the economy slips into a recession - a growing fear among many investors - history shows that banks will suffer a substantial rise in delinquent payments and defaults on loans of all kinds.
Parcells has kept looking for a receiver who can make big plays game after game.
Though these workers are counted as unemployed, they do not receive benefits.
They are short-lived perennials, which interbreed among themselves most promiscuously.
The Jewish Community Relations Council offered a $10,00 reward for information leading to the arrest and indictment of ''those responsible for these two crimes.''
and N.B.A., perhaps a revisiting of the scope of athletic grants - with total elimination being at least an opening position from which to evaluate the situation - is in order.
He is survived by his wife, the former Doris Reidy; three daughters, Gabrielle Keeler of Wayne, N.J.; Patricia Higgins-Edge of Mendham, N.J.; Candice Higgins of Kansas City, Mo.
The combatants also traded rocket-propelled grenades and heavy machine-gun fire across newly established confrontation lines in East Beirut.
''I believe in recycling,'' he said.
''I'm not one to drag a decision out,'' Krzyzewski said after meeting with Duke's athletic director, Tom Butters.
But three top officials of a major American publishing house were in London yesterday and they said they had not been asked to stop by.
Asked why he thought the Senate would accept spending ceilings and a Federal subsidy of campaigns now, when it refused to do so in 1988, Senator Joseph R. Biden Jr. of Delaware uttered three words: ''savings and loan.''
''There are huge opportunites,'' he said yesterday.
After the exchange, the talk turned to a brisk but businesslike discuss of altitude, control positions and other normal landing routine, the source said.
I don't mean to suggest that the church does not help the disenfranchised.
A year or so ago, when this particular abuse was at its height, hapless telephone customers complained to the F.C.C.
Museums got hooked on Big Culture and dependent on the ever-swelling flow of cash surrounding it.
The general election on Sept. 6, 1989, placed our country irrevocably on the road of drastic change.
Once the project was built and tenants found, permanent financing would be supplied by a pension fund, insurance company or investment group.
The Federal Reserve added another $1 billion of reserves to the banking system, following an influsion of $1.5 billion the day before.
The Energy Department, besieged by the results of the investigations, has confirmed that its plants were poorly managed for years, resulting in radioactive and toxic contamination that could cost $100 billion or more to clean up.
'I Can't Find Fault' Fitch had already received a technical foul earlier in the game for arguing with Danny Crawford, one of the three referees.
But then Coleman sets down his ax.
They convinced each other that the rules did not apply to them, and they were both wrong.
The foundation that has sustained Israel's 23-year occupation of Palestinian territory has crumbled.
McGaw, which has sales of $225 million, manufactures medical and pharmaceutical products and is based in Irvine, Calif.
Only a general resolution should be adopted to renovate the party.
''I like films that are involved with very fine emotions,'' Mr. East said.
Kevin Brown (12-9) had a promising rookie season, but Bobby Witt (12-13) has to start making Texas-size strides.
Every sexual interaction is a kind of mismatch.
The comparable figures for 1989 were 18.5 inches and 16.3 inches.
You have long winters in Weymouth; television was sometimes the only thing to look forward to."
The defendants also include members or associates of the Columbo, Gambino, Luchese and Genovese crime families.
b-Included one-time expense of $5.7 million recorded in the fourth quarter from the writedown of certain equipment and from a reduction in the carrying value of certain real estate holdings.
Iowa State, coming off a 33-31 upset of Oklahoma, couldn't handle Nebraska's running game, which amassed 557 yards.
The relations of the species, races and sexes through 5,000 centuries.
He said salaried employees were being offered two weeks' pay for every year of service with the company.
In the last two years, the seven-member board belatedly recognized its shortcomings and voted to increase its size, bringing in fresh blood more capable of raising money, including people like Arnold Hiatt, the chairman of the Stride Rite Corporation.
''The market has to wait until it sees the March economic data before it can be satisfied that the numbers are a bit stronger,'' said William N. Griggs, a managing director at Griggs & Santow Inc., a financial consulting firm.
Dr. Douglas Futuyama, an evolutionary biologist at the State University of New York at Stony Brook and author of a leading textbook on evolutionary theory, said: ''To my knowledge, this is the first such experiment that looked for a real evolutionary change in life history under natural conditions.
It's fun to play, fun to watch."
04693; 207-963-2296) offers four motels rooms, four cabins and an efficiency unit at the entrance to Schoodic Point.
More is better in this event, which aims to maintain the Guinness World Record for the most people tapping the same steps at the same time in the same place.
Its main attraction was the solo instrument and Jiang Jian-hua, who played it compellingly.
Now that he has relented, it is the insurgents' turn to play politics with aid.
Robert VerEecke, a Roman Catholic priest, performed the ceremony at the Somerset Club in Boston.
While shareholders would have no personal liability for such a lien, it could cause problems for them and for the co-op.
He trails only Calvin Murphy's league record of 78.
He made his first court appearance on Mrs. Marcos's behalf at a pretrial hearing yesterday on a matter unrelated to the kidnap argument, surprising prosecutors when he stood and introduced himself to the room.
He said the Sofia Government had guaranteed the rights of Bulgaria's Turkish minority, which had been the target of official discrimination under the ousted regime of Todor Zhivkov.
The award, from the New York State Science Teachers Association, goes to one teacher on each level -- elementary, middle and high school -- for outstanding contributions to teaching science.
But during the time covered by "Red Scare!
Simmer over low heat for 1 hour.
History of Undercounts In 1940, the Census Bureau figured it missed nearly 8 million Americans, about 5.6 percent of the population.
I confirmed once again today that they have trouble with this kind of decision, when a people independently decides an issue without the involvement of the Kremlin.''
But he said that the owners will undertake ''a total redesign of the building, stripping it down to its original steel structure.''
None of us are parents.
Michael S. Dukakis, a package that included money for adult literacy education and English courses for immigrants.
The series is to open with performances on Oct. 27 and 28 by the National Dance Theater of Jamaica.
But in a plea for community support, Mr. Maynard said The Tribune was in danger of extinction.
His instruments won prizes in the 1920's, and in the 1930's a guitar he designed was adopted by the legendary French jazz guitarist Django Reinhardt.
None of the Vols' six scoring possessions took as long as three minutes.
In school she sometimes played male roles in Shakespeare: Richard II and Malvolio.
Mr. Greenspan's remarks, she said, showed ''they are not going to tighten, and that would be the only thing making the dollar more attractive.''
He is survived by his wife, the former Sara Cooperstein; a daughter, Elinor Livingston of Canton; a son, Robert, of Lancaster, Pa.; eight grandchildren and five great-grandchildren.
They gazed at the scars of bullet and cannon fire and took photographs as if to prove that it had all really happened, that they had been there in those heady times when Nicolae Ceausescu was overthrown.
He was 85 years old and lived in Greenwich Village.
''And there's a lot of opportunities to forge business-university partnerships.''
When 120 of the Commodore's descendants gathered at Vanderbilt University in 1973 for the first family reunion, there was not a millionaire among them.
Having failed to provide significant cooperation to prosecutors before he was sentenced, Mr. Milken is unlikely to offer to turn in others now, although Judge Wood said she might reduce his sentence if he did so.
"They were the mirrors that guided the dead through the nether worlds," Mr. Fuentes said.
The five nonpartisan representatives, all of them appointed by Mayor David N. Dinkins, voted in favor.
The Vice President of the United States, though president of the Senate, has no vote in the Senate.
Experts say some increase in vacancy levels was all but inevitable, even if the city's economy had not faltered, because public incentives prompted so much new construction in West Midtown.
''People are crazy out here.''
The typical conductor is rarely in residence more than a couple of weeks in succession, which makes it possible for a footloose artist to learn a few favorite works and offer them to audiences in city after city without the risk of boring anyone, including the musicians.
Grain futures closed narrowly mixed.
Still, he didn't pursue further theatrical glory until his final two years at Dartmouth, when he became involved in drama and decided on acting as a career.
The students said they encounter some rough moments.
*Municipal Bond Index, The Bond Buyer Salomon Brothers estimates for belwether issues.
As to the question of total withdrawal of the book, I would say this: In spite of everything, "The Satanic Verses" is a novel that many of its readers have found to be of value.
The company earned $2.95 a share in 1989.
Deputies also agreed to hold a referendum next year across the Ukraine, the Soviet Union's second most important republic, which would amount to a vote of confidence in Parliament.
MEET THE AUTHORS Trading on Bridgehampton's reputation as ''The Literary Hampton,'' the hamlet's Hampton Library once more is asking local scribes to do their bit for books.
Source: National Conference of State Legislatures
She also cares for two grandchildren left her by three of four grown sons and daughters who died of AIDS.
The Two Contenders Mr. Barthelemy is a 47-year-old former City Councilman elected Mayor in 1986 with most of the white vote, defeating another black candidate who drew most of the black vote.
If the widths of the bays do not permit using supports, one method of securing insulation is to span the bays with strips of poultry netting, or chicken wire.
This is the first time that the Classic has been oversubscribed, a result of the injuries that have sidelined the nation's best handicap horses this year.
to the May Company in St. Louis to New York's Saks Fifth Avenue to Marshall Field & Company in Chicago - and on to the presidency of Neiman Marcus in Dallas.
"He played exceptionally well," Arbor said of the newcomer.
The suit, disclosed today, names 10 individuals and 11 companies as defendants.
If Gorman and the United States Tennis Association officials decide on a carpet surface, Pete Sampras, the 19-year-old United States Open champion, and John McEnroe, the most prolific Davis Cup competitor (39-8 in singles, 15-1 in doubles) in the history of the United States team, would also become contenders.
In 1956, he was appointed Delegate Provincial of the Commissariat of Central America.
The tax, paid by dealers and refiners, would not directly affect consumer prices.
The historical novelist Peter Ackroyd fills bookstores with simulations of Oscar Wilde's diaries, Hawksmoor's dark plottings, and Thomas Chatterton's frauds.
''Every year the budget is higher than the Governor asked for,'' he said.
Imposing and noble in origin - it was built in 1867 as a city palace for Duke Philipp of Wurttenberg - the Imperial is the doyen of Vienna's luxury hotels and the most expensive.
Staring out the window on a rainy day, she points to Co-Op City in the Bronx - at the edge of the city limits - and says her family is trying to move there or to New Jersey.
Williams, a Division III squad, beat Tufts and thus extended its winning streak to 15 in a row, the longest in the nation regardless of division.
We will have to turn away from Charles Stuart and his nihilism.
And in 1980, the Court upheld a Federal law under which minority-owned businesses were given at least 10 percent of certain Federal grants for the construction of public works.
Heckled during a speech at the Economic Club of New York, welcomed to Los Angeles with glacial disdain by Mayor Norris Poulson, the Soviet leader sparred testily about capitalism and Communism with Spyros P. Skouras, the president of the 20th Century-Fox Film Corporation, and blew his top when security officials refused to let him visit Disneyland, then only four years old.
On the spur of the moment we also sometimes take day trips on the canal, usually confining ourselves to the immediate neighborhood of Washington.
Five Lockheed L-1011's have also been lost.
Bitter Harvest Gordon Kahl and the Posse Comitatus: Murder in the Heartland.
The flat map is refolded vertically into a fan shape and folded a third time, horizontally, into what looks like an accordion.
At the time, Mr. Thornburgh began a criminal investigation to determine whether any department employee supplied information to the network.
Child Mortality Figures The figures showed a steady rise in recent years in infant mortality, deaths in childbirth and child malnutrition.
''Why don't you go home where you belong?''
In any case, she said, the dumping of platinum in what is normally a thin market sparked sales in the futures market by gold and silver mining companies in North America and Australia eager to lock in prices before they declined further.
But the book is really a way of life, a sort of philosophy kit."
24 Concern about new farm technology has mixed with old-fashioned partisan politics to give Gov.
The Temples were one happy couple as they prepared to leave for their wedding night at the Smithtown Sheraton.
The shooting area was divided by a bright yellow plastic tape in front of which 45 registered shooters, as aficionados call themselves, had spread army blankets and set up their guns.
This is art - as the French poet Paul Valery once said of the work of his friend Degas - that calls upon all the faculties not only of the artist, but also of the observer.
Yet what is far more fascinating and timely is the emergence of Marshall's female counterpart: the intelligent prime-time young woman.
Born in La-Seyne-sur-Mer on the Riviera, Mr. Vola helped found the quintet in 1934.
The economic indexes tell the story, but so does the look of the country: sooty facades of buildings, many with peeling plaster; giant potholes in streets and highways; road tunnels closed indefinitely for repair and long lines of shoppers for scarce meat and vegetables at the stores of the capital.
As modern lives rely increasingly on plug-in gadgets, even people aware of the risks can find themselves hopelessly overextended.
As the House and Senate prepare to go to conference on their separate versions of the Clean Air Act, lobbyists for the auto, oil, steel and utilities industries are planning to reopen some battles they lost in one or even both houses, including a dispute over creating cleaner automobile fuels for nine large cities.
One man was killed in the attack and two, including a member of the council, were seriously wounded.
14 11 7 MY LIFE IN THREE ACTS, by Helen Hayes with Katherine Hatch.
Although Tonga's Government acknowledges it has no money for the project, it has said it hopes to attract financial partners with its orbiting positions.
The recipe below falls somewhere in between.
The switches, large proteins called receptors, are usually found on a cell's surface.
For information on how to get tickets: Festival Press Center, William Teacher Building, 14 Street, Enoch Square, Glasgow G14 B7; telephone (041) 2277 5862 or 5987.
Washington agreed this month to guarantee $400 million in housing loans, in return for a promise that the building would be in ''areas which were subject to Israel's administration prior to June 7, 1967.''
''If you get involved in a major ground war in the Saudi desert, I think support will erode significantly.
Sir Hamilton joined the Foreign Office in 1955.
The Chevrolet incentives will run until July 9.
Rutgers was scheduled to play again tonight against North Carolina, which was beaten by Georgia, 5-4.
"I would like to play the tuba in college," she said.
The Goddess of Democracy, the converted trawler from which pro-democracy campaigners intend to broadcast into China, arrived today for provisions.
Sonny's groups were like that; they had lots of facets to them.
One bit of technology that has enabled Hunter Mountain, N.Y., and a few other areas to increase early-season snow coverage is the use of a cooling tower in the water storage pond.
Looking for First Victory The eight teams in the State University of New York Athletic Conference know they have a friend in Binghamton.
You will be able to piece together your own artistic puzzles.
Lithuania's legislators began debating a freeze of their declaration of independence today, and some questioned whether President Mikhail S. Gorbachev had the credibility or staying power to stick to a compromise.
''Nothing was safe in that type of industry.
Get them repaired I mean''), until one suspects that the effect in style is in fact an affectation of vision.
Peter, 6 feet in his Doc Martins, rolled pants and Cushing Academy ''Undefeated'' Offensive Guard windbreaker.
December Drop Revised Inventories as a whole fell a revised four-tenths of a percent in December, the first drop since a tenth of a percent decline in October 1988, and the largest since a six-tenths of a percent fall in December 1986.
A voyage along the South American coast with the United States merchant marine.
Some off-campus bars have agreed to post copies.
He saw him as a youth crossing a technicoloured campus.
Align the butts of the new shingles with those of the neighboring shingles in the same row.
Commerce in the Middle Ages was a strange affair.
Jacquelyne Brownlow, the library's paper conservator, restores tattered music with rice paper and wheat paste.
According to Dr. Jon L. Jordan, the Deputy Federal Air Surgeon, the agency is reviewing its position as to precautions for people who work aloft and whose doses exceed 500 millerem.
It said that it signed two agreements with the Soviet Government.
Approval by Congress would have been almost assured, since he played a key role in several important G.A.O.
Of the students, 53.3 percent are Hispanic, 44.5 black, 1.87 Asian and 0.3 white.
"They were trying to outdo themselves with gimmicks," he said.
Its thinking is palatial, envisioning up to 60 rooms filled with music.
Joe'' and ''Transformers'' are still in syndication and are available on some cable channels as well as on videocassettes.
And I find that positive things can happen when you have not had endless hours to rehearse and to argue about specific points.
So the original objective of pooling technology from both sides has been lost."
What we see is a non-place in which no one is home.
He has been on guard, turning back the curious crowds and camera crews trying to cut through his weedy peach orchard for a glimpse of the wreckage of Avianca Flight 52.
The 1985 is a wise substitute.
So if force is to be used in the Persian Gulf, the challenge is for the Security Council to find a way to authorize it under Article 42 in terms that are acceptable to Congress, maintain the international coalition against Saddam Hussein, preserve an element of surprise and satisfy Moscow's desire to activate the Military Staff Committee -- but leave the United States, Britain and France in command of their own forces.
The wait to buy tokens increased when the subway and bus fare rose to $1.15 from $1 on Jan. 1, forcing token clerks to take more time to make change.
The value of eating oat bran has been challenged by a small study that found oat fiber no more effective in lowering people's cholesterol levels than foods made from low-fiber refined wheat flour, which produced far fewer unpleasant side effects.
He suggests that a bath in the carbonated water reduces stress.
Now, more are getting color: highlights so locks look sun-touched, or dark streaks to emphasize the pepper rather than the salt.
Secretary of State James A. Baker 3d was rebuffed here today in efforts to persuade Yemen, the only Arab country on the United Nations Security Council, to support a resolution authorizing the use of force to drive the Iraqis from Kuwait.
Minnesota became the second team to draw one million fans in an N.B.A.
Not only the opponent, but often the whims of the court itself must be outwitted.
East Germany's transition period will last three months before growth picks up, and output will fall 2 percent this year, optimistic economists say.
For example, in connection with O'Doul's, Anheuser-Busch has begun a promotional campaign that urges drivers to ''know when to say 'O' .''
Still, New York has the sixth-highest average rate in the country.
In the last two years, the city has greatly expanded its program of preventative maintenance and inspection.
The new mixture has less of the compounds that are lightest and most likely to evaporate, and less of those that are heaviest and least likely to burn.
The same cast appeared in ''Distant Thunder,'' to a stormy taped score by Bob Read.
Unraced since posting a brilliant victory against lesser rivals in the Peter Pan Stakes on May 27, Profit Key figured to control the race by setting a moderate pace yesterday, and that is exactly how the Dwyer unfolded.
"The guys we let go are going to get jobs."
Navratilova, who was seeded No.
Halfway through the spot an announcer urges employers to do their duty during the crisis.
Of all the 49ers who talk about the team's standard of excellence, Lott is the pacesetter.
On the day after the judge's decision to close the proceedings, Mr. Moody's lawyers sought to disqualify all district court and appeals judges in the 11th Circuit, which covers Georgia, Alabama and Florida.
The company said its net asset value per share is $20.38 for the latest quarter, compared with $20.80 for the year-ago period.
They are in the National Archives annex in Alexandria, Va., reachable by shuttle bus from the Archives building in Washington.
''It starts with the murders and ends with the death sentence.
The commission, the executive board of the 12-nation group, also fined Britain's Imperial Chemical Industries $23.5 million and Chemische Fabrik Kalk G.m.b.H., a unit of BASF A.G. of Germany, $1.38 million.
The majority of Czech-Moravian Texans trace their lineage to the areas of Frenstat, Frydek-Mistek, Vsetin and Hana.
School officials point to a number of committees and commissions investigating race relations on campus, minority retention and student services, and a multicultural curriculum.
My terror is cold and rippling.
He founded the company in 1955 after working as an accountant in Hudson for four years.
Smugglers brought Swiss watches and German cameras for sale and the guest book filled with celebrity signatures from Gene Tunney, the boxer, to Gertrude Bell to Theodore Roosevelt.
Many of his neighbors' mailboxes were also frequent targets for teen-age terrorists tossing cherry bombs or wielding Louisville Sluggers.
Then she and Elizabeth McCormick, a sixth grader at the school, made their way up the ladder to the roof, to empty a container with a funnel on top.
A gauge line stamped on the back, also clearly marked, shows how much insulation to strip.
Diplomats say the General Assembly is also likely to vote to censure Iraq for atrocities committed by its forces in occupied Kuwait.
In ''The Heidi Chronicles,'' several of the play's characters are more smitten with marriage than with love.
They're not interested in any movement based on our proposal.''
's network helps give the perception that the other guys can do just as well.''
It has reduced the demand for city specialties like legal and accounting services, and has also reduced consumer spending.
''What was really striking was the diversity you could find here,'' said Dr. Keith Cooper, an associate professor of toxicology at Rutgers University.
Banking System Reserves What the Federal Reserve system did yesterday was pump a large amount of reserves into the banking system through four-day repurchase agreements.
The two leaders began with old business -dismantling the tools of conflict.
They reminisced about when they first got them, just two guys in old cowboy hats and cowboy boots jawboning, oblivious to the phalanx of gray suits and sober faces surrounding them.
She is survived by a son, Philip, of Clinton Township, N.J.; two daughters, Marjorie Wismer of Bricktown, N.J., and Joan, of Raritan Township; two grandchildren, and two great-grandchildren.
This suggests that consumer prices in January could jump perhaps seven-tenths of 1 percent before probably easing late in the winter.
''We solicited artworks from 350 AIDS organizations and then wrote to all our friends to try and raise money,'' said Mr. Ruddy, a furniture designer.
The proposal will be open to public review and comment this summer.
He said yesterday that he did not think he would be well prepared.
Whitaker's homer, also his fourth of the season, came in the fifth inning after a two-out walk to Alan Trammell.
Nevertheless, he hopes to begin work this year.
Before the present crisis, Mr. Singh had been able to rule by coalition, with outside support from a conservative Hindu party, which has since broken with him over the mosque dispute.
To create the shape of the missing corner and to support the concrete until it hardens, you probably will have to construct a wooden form or mold around the area to be repaired.
But she said the agreement should ''facilitate capital flows'' and ''walk the two countries toward greater parity.''
Mr. Wolff's conception, generally mirrored by the vocalists, tended to stress the music's folkish charm and wide-eyed innocence and downplay its mysterious and even morbid aspects, no less crucial.
But that air was suffocating to Bradley's psyche.
Will choice plans lead to increased racial segregation?
Union leaders want to settle quickly rather than face the chance that the city's revenue picture could worsen, which would mean less money to bargain for.
b-Included an extraordinary credit of $170,000, or 2 cents a share, and $718,000, or 7 cents a share, for the quarter and 9 months, respectively.
Mario M. Cuomo of New York said today that personal attacks on Representative Richard A. Gephardt of Missouri for criticizing President Bush's policy toward Eastern Europe were part of a Republican pattern of evading major issues.
Scaup reached atime low for the second consecutive year, remaining 23 percent below average.
"McLean let in a soft goal and came back and played well," the Canucks' coach, Bob McCammon, said.
EIGHTEEN months ago, when her gynecologist gave her the option of having tubal reconstruction or in vitro fertilization to help overcome her infertility problems, Linda Comcowich of Lynbrook was anxious.
He declined to say how much the museum would pay, but art dealers estimated its value at ''tens of millions of dollars.''
For Jewish people in the United States, the question of whether to identify as a Jew is largely a matter of choice.
They shot and stabbed the screaming, fleeing passengers.
"Those 30 stocks are not representative of what the broad market is doing," said Kenneth Spence, director of technical analysis for Salomon Brothers.
''We've been formulating this ethics program all along,'' said Andrew Yemma, a spokesman for the exchange.
It is now a subsidiary of the Equitable Life Assurance Society of the United States and Mr. Donaldson heads Donaldson Enterprises, a private investment firm.
She is a much too talented writer to play critic when the work of art is her own.
Brown trout favor water close to 60 degrees, rainbows and smallmouths prefer 60 to 70 degrees, and lake trout 40 to 50 degrees.
Not having dined on striped bass since last year, I kept it, burying it in seaweed so every angler who passed by wouldn't see it.
Mr. Shakhnazarov cautioned that any Western aid program should not be structured to force the Soviet Union toward a market economy faster or farther than it already plans to go.
Dr. Korbel was a Czechoslovak Ambassador to Yugoslavia and was a dean of the Graduate School of International Studies at the University of Denver.
"The salespeople who use boiler-room tactics are not going to escape commission scrutiny.
Not for dowagers, these floaty morsels in chiffon or crepe.
It hasn't recognized the extent that profits are down.''
''I could see a body hanging out of the window, with two men and a woman hanging onto his legs,'' a passenger, Margaret Simmonds, told the Press Association, Britain's domestic news agency.
And very occasionally he finds himself ''lost in Seoul'' and catches a glimpse of Korea outside the protective embrace of the family.
Add the turkey and saute, stirring until crumbly and the excess liquid has evaporated, about 10 minutes.
Not all experts agree, however, with that philosophy.
In addition it must pay for prints and advertising.
On Mahe, 17 miles long and from 3 to 5 miles wide, the most heavily populated island (about 30,000 people), human settlement is dispersed.
The political experts said that the initiative today by Mr. Mitterrand and Mr. Kohl was of special significance to France because it signaled that longstanding cooperation between Paris and Bonn on European affairs had survived the test of German unification.
And his tendency to shoot from the lip brought justified criticism.
One cannot exclude the possibility of sporadic Iraqi gas attacks on Israeli cities and perhaps even a deliberate invasion of Jordan, in an effort to widen the war by drawing in the Israelis.
The results of the study are being published today in the journal Science.
Archbishop Laghi, an Italian, will return to Rome in May to head the Vatican Congregation for Catholic Education.
A more powerful version of the PDP-1, with about the same amount of memory as the Apple II, required a 20-foot-long memory cabinet and had to be hoisted into a campus building by crane.
Mammograms would be cheaper and perhaps more effective in preventing breast cancer deaths if the United States had fewer mammography machines, researchers said today.
Still another recurrent theme is a deep distrust of the military, widely seen as having hijacked an unwilling nation in the 1930's and taken it to war.
Administration officials said that the dispatch of the Syrian division was being delayed by the problems of transporting and supporting the unit in the field.
''In 1986 we started off by buying seven European Holiday Inns,'' Mr. Langton said.
A converter feature will grab the appropriate numbers from the Federal return and plug them into the right spots on the state return.
A basis point is one-hundredth of a percentage point.
It's just sore from getting hit."
National Starch's three main businesses are adhesives, mostly for the auto and electronics industries; resins and specialty chemicals, including materials that go into hair sprays and shampoos, and specialty starches used in food processing and by the paper industry.
But within this blighted figure there are certain gifts.
Blauser, batting for Boever, hit a homer to left field.
Directed by Ron Lagomarsino, Oct. 2, Manhattan Theater Club, City Center.
Mstislav Rostropovich had his audience all but dancing in the aisles last week when he returned to the Soviet Union for the first time in 16 years and gave a concert of other Russians' greatest hits.
Frank A. Rubino, General Noriega's lawyer, who had asked the appellate court to uphold the ban, expressed elation over the court's decision.
For Corral, the project spelled hope and a promising future - something it had not had in the more than 400 years since the Spanish conquerors first set up the fortifications that still stand here.
The Reagan-Bush boards have tried to destroy the organization.
This year's Focus series at the Juilliard School has been exploring the world of Arnold Schoenberg through his own works and works by composers who influenced him or who were influenced by him.
''It's not the end of the world,'' Evans said.
Last year, in the Giants' 24-14 victory, the Lions gained 410 yards.
When their nephews kidnap and beat up the embezzler responsible for Veikko's bankruptcy, it is obvious the family's twisted expression of pride survives in a new generation.
The Iraqi President's statement was a bitter, 15-minute televised tirade billed as an ''open letter,'' in response to Mr. Bush's remarks during a speech to Defense Department employees in Washington on Wednesday in which he said that the Iraqi leader's menacing of Saudi Arabia threatened ''our way of life.''
The Compaq Computer Corporation said it had made a small equity investment in Nexgen Microsystems, a company in San Jose, Calif., that is working on a clone of the Intel Corporation's 80386 microprocessor.
But tax officials said some foreign banks had paid large sums without protest.
The French descended in a cloud of pink cheeks, blue jeans and black leather.
The McDonnell Douglas Corporation has dismissed more than 150 employees who the military contractor said had misused interest-free company loans.
Among the possible steps in an overhaul of the two units, as Federated and Allied related them in the finacial statements in December, is a favorable refinancing of debt, the sale of additional assets other than Bloomingdale's and mortgage financing.
Remarkably, in front of me there were three full shelves on Adolescence, while Widowhood, older than all our grandmothers put together, was covered by just a handful of books: one on money management, a few inspirational volumes by widows telling how they overcame, and a sprinkling of pop-psychology best sellers on how to overcome.
It doesn't give you any pause that this fall you're going to be out campaigning for Republican candidates who disagree with you on taxes -- A.
And with that, word started to spread among Palestinians to turn out that day.
The bridegroom, 27, is an assistant vice president at the Marsh & McLennan insurance brokerage in Morristown, N.J.
Make certain the plants are dry, and never spray on a windy day.
And the only beverage with malts I thirsted for in boyhood was the one with chocolate in it, at Mr. Isaacson's soda fountain on my corner.
David Poltrack, the senior vice president of research for CBS, said that his network and NBC had been compelled by declining ratings last season to ''sell more conservatively'' last spring, while both ABC and Fox Broadcasting had sold ''very aggressively.''
At the same time, he complains without shame that Mr. Cuomo's proposed $240 million increase in school aid isn't generous enough.
The day's debate was marked by frequent pauses for the leading politicians of the coalition parties to caucus privately in the enormous glass Palace of the Republic where the legislature meets.
The assessment may require immediate action, like closing the bridge; reducing the weight the bridge carries, or making a quick repair, the engineers said.
Most classical scholars think Ovid's exile was due to the Emperor's displeasure with his erotic poem ''Ars Amatoria,'' and perhaps also to the poet's obscure involvement in the adultery of one of Augustus' granddaughters.
The company, a subsidiary of the Santa Fe Pacific Corporation, will be spun off to Santa Fe shareholders early next month as part of the parent company's effort to fend off takeovers.
She was 57 years old and lived in Washington.
The Manville Sales Corporation, headed by Mr. Roach, ''was essentially everything but forest products,'' Mr. Stephens said.
Government officials have declined to comment on that account.
7.Meanwhile, heat the remaining olive oil in a nonstick skillet large enough to hold the patties in one layer.
According to the Saudi Government, some 224 joint Saudi-American ventures were licensed between 1974 and 1988, with a total capitalization of $3.3 billion.
I tear the last day of May off the quote-a-day calendar my son gave me last Christmas, read the lines and start to laugh.
More than 6,000 acres of the proposed parkland are in the hands of people who have recently built luxury weekend homes, or are planning to put them up.
Many incumbents might have good reason to be nervous.
The guests included an Israeli documentary producer, a Spanish author, executives and two of Mr. Khashoggi's brothers.
And his columns no longer appear in The San Francisco Examiner.
The Palestine Liberation Organization has asked the Bush Administration to allow its leader, Yasir Arafat, to enter the United States to attend a United Nations Security Council debate on the latest violence in the Israeli-occupied territories, Arab and United Nations officials said today.
Representative Dan Rostenkowski, the Illinois Democrat who is chairman of the tax-writing Ways and Means Committee and a member in the conference, said at a meeting of about 50 Democratic leaders that they should be prepared for substantial compromises to reach an outcome that could pass the more conservative Senate and that could be signed by the President.
Philippine officials have drawn up plans to convert Clark Air Base into an international airport.
At St. Mary's Roman Catholic Church in East Islip, L.I., Jacqueline M. Lupichuk, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Michael Lupichuk of Wayne, N.J., was married yesterday to Gary W. Skubik, a son of Mr. and Mr. Henry Skubik of Massapequa, L.I.
Role of Incentives Inventories are much smaller this year and analysts do not expect the same kind of price slashing as the model year draws to an end.
Malcolm McDonald, the chief arbiter in city labor disputes, said Mr. Feinstein was ''an effective and stabilizing influence,'' on the entire labor movement.
As is also made clear in the exhibition called ''Weston's Westons'' at the International Center of Photography through Sept. 9, the photographer's 1934 close-up views of his lover's body reflect his natural ability to refine reality to its abstract essence.
"I look at it as part of the job.
They also gave a sharply different version of the episode, saying that about 10 black youths leaving a nearby party had clashed with the Vietnamese after a teen-age black girl who was not part of their group hurled a bottle that went through the window of the men's apartment.
''The Marines will remain in Liberia as long as necessary to insure the safety of U.S. citizens in that country,'' the White House spokesman, Marlin Fitzwater, said.
By Wednesday, Matsushita informed MCA that $64 in cash was the last and best bid.
Last year, with the fall of Communism, the mammoth Gabcikovo-Nagymaros hydroelectric dam on the Danube River seemed doomed.
Madagascar, one of the world's poorest countries, with a per capita income of $200 a year, lies 250 miles off the East African coast.
''The hope must be, although it does not look very promising, that the Security Council resolution will be adhered to,'' he said.
Mr. Leffler said he was considering proposing a law to require that a certain number of officers be hired each year.
One big problem for Mr. Varszegi has been the limits that the Hungarian Government, worried about trade deficits, has placed on imports of consumer goods.
On Friday, the Nikkei rose 969.39 points, or 4.3 percent, to 23,522.49.
This week, under Mr. Ghivelder's direction, work is starting on the statue's first renovation since 1931, when Guglielmo Marconi marked the formal opening of the monument by turning on floodlights here with a radio signal from Italy.
A 24-year-old Brooklyn man was charged last night in the slaying of a retired New York City police officer who was shot to death when he tried to stop two armed men from robbing passengers on a subway train in lower Manhattan in October, the police said.
Mr. Schmidt asked for renewed and improved efforts to attract undergraduates from other schools, better recruitment and support of Yale's graduate and professional students, and expanded post-doctoral opportunities.
Dave Cawood, assistant executive director of the N.C.A.A., said: ''As good as the concept is, there's a lot of work to be done on it.
For years, it remained a cautious, family-run company staying close to its humble retailing roots: In 1923, as family lore has it, Barney Pressman pawned his wife's engagment ring (her idea, the story goes) to raise $500 to cover rent and to stock men's suits.
On the auction block are Lazzaroni of Italy; Campbell Seafoods, which operates in Britain and Belgium; the vegetable division of Campbell Foods in England, and Campbell Irish Foods and Mallow Foods, both of Ireland.
We started by talking about the Germans and their characteristics.
2.Combine the milk, salt and pepper in a shallow dish and place the flour in another dish.
Mr. Brown said that he was unwilling to give up the fourth day but that one idea being discussed at Democratic headquarters was to hold the convention over a weekend, perhaps with a gala Saturday night event that is not televised.
Tony Swofford of the Marine Corps.
President Violeta Barrios de Chamorro of Nicaragua announced today that she had ordered a one-third reduction in the size of the Nicaraguan Army, the biggest force in Central America and the most powerful political weapon in the arsenal of the opposition Sandinista Front.
Go after it even harder than he did this time.
Moreover, Mrs. Pascal-Trouillot's brother Alix was paralyzed from the waist down by a bullet from one of the Duvalier thugs.
"Home Alone" is rated PG, which means not only that children who are the age of its star and even younger may see the movie, but also that Fox can advertise it on Saturday morning cartoon programs catering to that audience.
It was not, I thought, after all, the sort of place from which Jane Marple might emerge - it wasn't picture-book or overly cute - but rather a cottage that P. D. James's Adam Dalgliesh might have chosen to retreat to, only to be summoned from his books and his poetry to solve a particularly thorny mystery down at Nag's Head.
Newer residents see development's positive side.
Production was 7.2 million barrels a day in September, down about 3 percent from September 1989, and for all of 1990 the decline is likely to be steeper.
* A. O. Smith Corp., Milwaukee, a maker of automotive parts, said it would lose $45 million in annual business when General Motors Corp., Detroit, begins producing its own automotive axles and rear-suspension modules for the 1993 model year.
A filibuster in the Maryland Senate against a bill to update the state's abortion law droned through its seventh day yesterday, with proponents of the measure still unable to come up with the single vote they needed to shut off the talking.
Symantec agreed to acquire Peter Norton Computing for Symantec common stock valued at about $70 million.
But people in Boston are not used to seeing the Celtics lose in the first round of the playoffs, something they have done the last two seasons.
As Mr. Worner put it, "NATO doesn't need a counterpart, or a foe, or an enemy.
Mr. Bush's initial selection for the post, Paul Pressler, a civil court judge in Houston, was withdrawn from consideration in September after an F.B.I.
This appears to have satisfied the firearms bureau, which says the redesigned versions of well-known military weapons like the AK-47 and the Uzi are, in effect, new models that qualify as sporting rifles.
Remove the strings, if any.
If we continue to have that depth, we will prosper.''
A month later, he paid $358 million for an issue of convertible preferred representing 12 percent of USAir Group, the airline holding company that had attracted the predatory interest of Steinhardt Partners.
In four afternoons at shopping malls in Levittown, Smithtown and Huntington last fall, members of New Yorkers for Fair Cable distributed petitions calling for competition in and reregulation of the cable industry.
And the company was liquidated and restructured so that shareholders could receive a $43-a-share cash distribution before some valuable tax breaks were set to expire in 1987.
''I didn't want to find out any more about it,'' Mr. Bergman said recently.
But the United States has an aircraft carrier in the eastern Mediterranean, several squadrons of advanced fighter jets in Turkey and B-52 bombers based in Diego Garcia, in the Indian Ocean.
At least 20 people were killed in the rioting.
The sales included a Gauguin landscape (bought for $6.8 million); a Monet landscape ($3 million); a Degas dancers ($3.6 million), and a Bonnard nude ($3.4 million).
The refugees, who began arriving at the end of April and are still coming, are from many parts of the European Soviet Union and include a high number of professionals.
Asked if German reunification was not taking place too hastily, he recalled that his 10-point plan announced on Nov. 28 last year anticipated a process that would take place ''over the next few years.''
More Failures Feared Although the industry earned only about 60 cents per $100 of deposits in the first nine months of this year, Mr. Seidman predicted that the assessment "would add only marginally to bank failures andfailure-resolution costs."
''It's ZAY-bars,'' the colleagues say, laughingly correcting her in unison.
The kerosene was owned by the Amerada Hess Corporation of New York City, of which Red Star is an affiliate.
In 1984, in recognition of Kahlo's pre-eminence among Mexican women artists -- indeed, in the opinion of many Frida is the greatest painter Mexico has produced -- the Mexican Government decreed her art to be national patrimony.
The debate about these decisions reflects broader, unresolved questions that continue to hobble the Chelsea experiment.
His wife, Lady Rothschild, who did not disclose the cause of death or other details, said in a statement issued today that the funeral would be private and that a memorial serice would be held later.
The finding, by the National Center for Health Statistics, drew immediate concern from health experts and social scientists who chart the health risks and economic hardship long associated with unwed teen-age motherhood.
The rest of ''The Photographer's Eye'' is divided into sections called ''The Thing Itself,'' ''The Detail,'' ''The Frame,'' ''Time'' and ''Vantage Point'' - precisely those aspects of photography that, in Mr. Szarkowski's view, make it unique.
In the secondary market for Treasury securities, long-term issues bore the brunt of yesterday's selloff.
According to American estimates, more than 60 percent of the world's illegal coca is grown in Peru.
Marlin Fitzwater, the White House spokesman, said in a written statement that Mr. Bush had broached the idea of an address to Congress during conversations today with the Senate majority leader, George J. Mitchell, and the Speaker of the House, Thomas S. Foley.
Lester S. Vander Werf, retired dean of Long Island University's Graduate School of Education, died of internal bleeding on Monday at Fairview Hospital in Great Barrington, Mass.
Wobbly but beaming, China's senior leader, Deng Xiaoping, appeared on television tonight for the first time in five months, casting a vote in local elections conducted throughout the city.
''Trump City will greatly enhance the economy and beauty of New York City,'' she said in a statement.
We'd prefer a budget that asks more from the wealthy and less from the elderly.
Now he's too important to have his macaroni there on Wednesday."
The cost of independence remains a guess.
Mr. Kuhlman, 43 years old, said the corporate streamlining was necessary to ''cut away the bureaucracy'' that had built up.
Like Disney, Universal's park will also have roving cartoon characters, souvenir shops and restaurants.
Mr. Jones tended to stress the idea of a vocabulary of movement, Mr. Zane the look or ambiance of a dance.
Daughters are forbidden to marry outside their class or religion, and on some farms only the oldest daughter is allowed to marry.
They are hurt because to some degree this society has betrayed them.
From 1 to 1,000 Buildings After the vote, the town governing body has to approve an ordinance establishing the district.
In the ninth, Bobby Bonilla hit one so far over the bullpen that Strawberry was impressed (''That was a home run'') and some fans cheered.
''He's too chicken to debate, just as he was too chicken to serve his country,'' said Mr. Rinfret of Mr. Cuomo.
And if there are problems with Wall Street, people could decide that the price should instantly be $20 cheaper.''
But it wasn't discouraging Mr. Livingston, whose idea of success was much larger than one-twenty-fourth scale.
MARCELLUS LAROON was a modestly successful illustrator who, in late 17th century London, could manage a competent portrait but was also not above turning out scandalously erotic engravings.
Dennis B. Ross Director of policy planning at the State Department .
In 1989, the Senate had only five roll-call votes on a Monday.
Contrary to your statement, I can think of no case in which a common thief who was a first offender and otherwise led an exemplary life has been dealt with so harshly.
Cook and stir for 1 minutes over low heat.
He holds 42 various major league records.
The agreement settles lawsuits filed last summer by the Justice Department and Residential Facilities, which operates 55 group homes in 35 other Illinois communities.
She said that when courts do not order drug-addicted parents to bring in their children for free medical care, the families do not bother.
Speculative, too, is President Bush's careless description of the bill as ''a quota bill.''
Because of an editing error, a chart yesterday on the American forces in the Middle East misidentified the Marine unit involved.
Money can make a difference if effectively used, it can provide the students with an equal educational opportunity, a chance to succeed.
"I think the entire county is completely overbuilt," he said.
Western diplomats said they regard the Soviet position as a bargaining chip for talks on German unification, which begin in earnest after the elections in East Germany on Sunday.
Guatemala's presidential election Sunday was no victory for this hemisphere's growing democracy movement.
The blitzing left Baker in single coverage, and he ran a post pattern for the corner.
''Quite frankly, the franchise is probably better off in a regional setting.
Introducing New Problems The device, rising some five stories, emits a high-pitched whine during a ''shot.''
Dr. Baker's ideas, Ms. Cenedella said, made the school rethink its admission and hiring policies.
Chinese officials say three of Mr. Zhao's think tanks have been closed down.
Mr. Braddock said he enjoys a range of sporting activities, including squash, running, bicycling and tennis.
attempts to intrude into and control the process in any way will cause the end of the meeting, and Israel will walk out from it.''
6 6 CAT'S EYE, by Margaret Atwood.
In a statement made public today along with the complaint against Representative Smith, the general counsel of the Campaign Committee, Robert Bauer, said: ''The charges in this complaint are very serious.
I was required to dispose of the contents prior to boarding.
Far as I'm concerned, it's just another dead nigger.''
The American, who has not been loathe to taunt Johnson during the dark passage the Canadian has traversed since Seoul, would thus be forced to acknowledge that the Canadian was, after all, the quicker man.
Baum, the Met PGA champion last year, carded four-under 67 with five birdies and a bogey.
''I would just go ahead and hit it and not even think about the trouble.''
When a show runs the risk of boring, it is a miscalculation to play the bore, which is not the same as playing the fool.
(AP) TENNIS Leach and Pugh Upset Scott Davis and David Pate upset their fellow Americans Rick Leach and Jim Pugh, 7-6, 3-6, 6-4, yesterday to move toward a semifinal spot in the A.T.P.
If the system is not working, Mr. Gille said, ''it's up to the State Legislature to fix it.''
Antonitsch, who won the Korean Open last week by beating Cash in the final, beat Jonathan Canter of Beverly Hills, Calif., 3-6, 6-3, 6-4, in the other semifinal.
But the review concluded that the Home Loan Bank turned a blind eye because its directors included M. R. Godwin, chairman of First Federal.
Music factory, but she turned down our offer."
Architectural design and legal matters are kept straightforward and inexpensive.
With regulators still smarting from criticism that they allowed institutions like the Lincoln Savings and Loan Association to remain in business for too long, even Mr. Hamilton knows there is little incentive for Federal officials to take a chance on Imperial and institutions like it.
Mostly, he saw the stubbornness that made Sheffield fight to prove he belonged and the talent to have that desire realized.
That split means that the ruling party may face a stalemate on important legislation.
Under the policy, issued today by Immigration Commissioner Gene McNary, those aliens may stay if they were in this country on Nov. 1, 1986, the effective date of the Immigration Reform and Control Act, drafted to come to grips with the illegal-alien problem.
Chicago has inspired more than its share of metaphors, many of which persist as cliches.
In his 90th birthday year, Kurt Weill remains an increasingly emblematic 20th-century composer.
SHEILA M. RABILLARD London, Ontario The writer is a professor of English and modern drama at the University of Western Ontario.
Small Business, Soviet Style Soviet leaders seem determined to keep passing laws making small businesses legal until everyone gets the message.
Mr. Kobayashi said a special room will be designed to display the van Gogh.
But despite the presence of sunlight filtered through the stairs, more reflecting pools and a grandly scaled entry space, the combination of concrete and downward-leading stairs feels too much like going into the subway.
The production took four months on location in the Philippines.
Mr. Debevoise served as the firm's presiding partner until 1972, when he went into semi-retirement.
In his 18 months as director he has worked to improve the finance staff and to provide the Council with better budget information.
B8 Baseball's lockout has hurt towns in Arizona's Cactus League and Florida's Grapefruit League.
That audience contrasts with American listeners of all-news radio, who tend to be older than 35.
Paying tribute to the dead is a custom that goes back to the Neanderthal man, who buried his kin with flowers and tools.
The investment bank, which is considering moving its offices out of New York City, has an option on a site near the Stamford train station and has begun seeking city and state zoning approvals that would allow it to build a large office tower on the property.
He was elected to the Ludwigshafen City Council.
Joseph Buttigieg, who heads the Office for Immigrant and Refugee Services of New York Catholic Charities, said many unscrupulous agencies and ''immigration experts'' were charging exorbitant fees and creating confusion over the late-filing program.
The document, called a joint stipulation of uncontested facts, does not contain any information that has not already been made public, according to the thrift office and Mr. Bush's attorney, James Nesland.
It is highly unusual for an officer to step forward publicly and criticize the department.
In the fourth, Lloyd Moseby hit his eighth, also a bases-empty shot.
Mr. Parini, a professor of English at Middlebury College, had already written three books of poetry, a critique of Roethke and two other novels before he began this new one.
Earl Cureton, a nine-year N.B.A.
Although leaders of both the Democratic-controlled Assembly and the Republican-led Senate have pledged to make cuts in order to eliminate a budget deficit, disagreements this weekend over where to cut -- especially in the political minefield of aid to local school districts -- appear to have dissipated their resolve to act quickly.
The next step, according to British officials, might be to tighten the embargo by extending it to the airways, to keep Iraq's allies in the crisis - particularly Libya - from running the blockade with aircraft.
The Weather Service went through a similar fight in Clarence, N.Y., a town between Buffalo and Rochester, and decided to find a different site for the radar station.
Two Reasons State and local law-enforcement officials cited two reasons for sending in the state troopers.
The most emotional was a plan by Columbia University and the city's Public Development Corporation to build a commercial biomedical laboratory at the site of the Audubon Ballroom, where Malcolm X was assassinated in 1965.
A powerful Queens minister who rode his popularity into Congress, Mr. Flake was charged with diverting tens of thousands of dollars in church funds to his own use.
Her race tonight was the 1,650-yard freestyle, the longest in the meet.
''The legislative process is a process of compromise,'' he said.
rrAlthough planting won't take place until the spring, the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation has begun its annual sale of tree and shrub seedlings from the state nursery.
That financing includes an unusually large $1 million challenge grant from the National Endowment for the Arts.
This dummy's response is: ''What a wacky broad, I love it.''
Other members included C. Fred Bergsten, president of the Institute for International Econmomics; Prof. George Lodge of the Harvard Business School and Malcolm Lovell of George Washington University; Bernard Schwartz, chairman of the Loral Corporation; Pat Choate, vice president of TRW, and Clyde Prestowitz, president of the Economic Strategy Institute.
His father, who is retired, was an investment banker in Boston.
In the mid-decade, he made ''competitiveness'' the buzzword of the capital, resulting in Ronald Reagan's making it the centerpiece of his 1987 State of the Union Message and in some Democratic Presidential hopefuls centering their 1988 campaigns on it.
Soon she began acting, and she thinks that her performing experience was invaluable.
(Stephen Holden) DRG 19001; CD, cassette.
But under the current procedures authorized by Congress, if the trade agreement is submitted for its consideration by March 1, Congress must either accept or reject it without amendment.
Money for community services block grants would be cut to $42 million from $389 million under the Bush proposal.
The west side of Broadway will be closed today from 76th to 86th Street from 8 A.M. to 7 P.M. for the Livable West Side Festival.
The Israeli police commissioner, Yaakov Turner, said tonight on state television that the first thing the man said when arrested was that he did it because of an ''unrequited love affair.''
Fact 2: The film counter was showing ''0'' before I opened the back.
Blaming higher fuel costs and weak traffic, USAir Group and Delta Air Lines yesterday reported large third-quarter losses.
The crowd was orderly but vocal, chanting, ''Don't sell us out!''
d4 is to force a resolution of the situation in the center before White gets a chance to occupy d4 with a knight.
The company reported a loss of $21.6 million on revenues of $33 million for the quarter that ended March 31.
Mr. Kasparov, the world chess champion, resigned to protest an agreement by the Association's board to collaborate with the Federation on chess rules.
THOSE who worry that America is being subsumed with sameness would do well to look at Suzanne Carmichael's new two-volume ''Travelers Guide to American Crafts'' (E. P. Dutton, $14.95).
Perhaps the ultimate indignity for Japan is that the rest of the world seems quite unconcerned about its problems.
When Albania celebrated its National Day on Jan. 11, the Communist Party's daily paper, Zeri i Popullit, accused Albanian exiles of fermenting discontent in the country and said they were trying to restore the monarchy.
In late trading, three-month bills were offered at a discount rate of 6.47 percent, up one basis point, or hundredth of a percentage point.
The series of masks in the exhibition can evoke emotional responses from viewers who are completely unaware of their symbolic meanings.
CHINESE SAUSAGE-RICE DRESSING 1 1/2 cups sweet, glutinous rice (see note) 1/2 cup short-grain rice 6 Chinese sausages without liver (see note) 2 tablespoons peanut oil 1 large onion, peeled and diced 3 stalks celery with leaves, diced 3 scallions, tops and bottoms, chopped 12 fresh water chestnuts, peeled and diced (see note) 3 tablespoons light soy sauce.
The autobiography of the Boston Celitcs baseball star.
The investigation was Mr. Thornburgh's most serious effort to halt unauthorized disclosures about pending criminal cases.
''He Went Crazy, Undressed and Ran Off Naked'' is Mr. Kabakov's title for the installation.
In overwhelming numbers, donors to the fund's 78th annual drive who asked that their gifts go toward helping a specific group of people singled out the homeless.
He later became an intelligence officer with the Army and interrogated some of the top Nazi leaders, including Julius Streicher.
The agreement is an absolute home run for Yale and a disgrace for New Haven.''
It is times such as that one which makes us certain that there is only one home of golf: St.
There are specialists, but everyone can do at least a little bit of everything else.
He was a member of the National Academy of Sciences, the American Accademy of Arts and Sciences and the Council of the Government-University-Industry Research Roundtable of the National Academy of Sciences.
But word never reached East Coldenham Elementary.
Hunt Jr., who had made the improvement of education the centerpiece of his successful 1976 gubernatorial campaign.
Based on the information available so far about Avianca Flight 52, aviation experts believe that the lengthy weather-related delays certainly contributed to the crash, which killed 73 people.
A good man, a police officer named Murphy, dies in the line of duty and is resurrected.
Quick Call, a 6-year-old gelding, traditionally races himself into shape during the Belmont spring meeting, then fires at Saratoga, where he has won frequently over the last three years.
''From Alberta to New York, 90 percent of the cost is fixed cost,'' said a consultant hired by heating oil dealers, Robert Means, who is a former director of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission's Office of Regulatory Analysis.
He said he thought some superintendents might be contributing to their own demise by promising too much when they applied for the job.
The trumpeter Roy Hargrove's first album, ''Diamond in the Rough,'' is an impressive debut.
Tickets: children, $4.50; adults, $5.
It's too late for us to start over.''
"When you have nine floors of a store, sometimes it is very frustrating," said Nancy Mickelson, manager of the service at the Saks in Manhattan.
''The matter of the lifting of the curfew can be resolved quite quickly if the work of the republic police becomes effective and allows stabilization of the situation,'' he said, offering no estimate of when such calm might ever be restored.
That will require guarantees of minority rights for those who choose to remain in Lithuania, and perhaps resettlement payments for those who want to leave.
Any gardener who grows roses also knows that it is important to pick up any infected rose leaves that have fallen and destroy them.
Offenburger said Creighton attempted to help Ross by offering tutorial services and giving him a lighter load of classes when it was obvious he was struggling.
The year's slowest day until yesterday had been Friday's 96.5 million.
It might appear that South was in control, but the East player, Elinescu of Germany, rose to the occasion.
Witnesses for the creditors said a trustee could give Eastern a fresh start with new management that could enable the carrier to begin to stem its losses or at least attract a buyer.
''Now I can go out and say that the government is behind this,'' Mr. Steinberg said.
Somehow the word gets out.
Drizzle vinegar and onion mixture evenly over yams.
This is only one example of their attempt to let us know the real people and musicians.
Some political analysts see the harder line taken on both sides in recent months as part of a maneuvering for advantage that precedes any serious negotiations.
Mr. Jamil, the embassy spokesman, suggested that the lack of protest directed at the embassy was a sign that the American public did not necessarily share the views of the Bush Administration.
But I don't think there is any general feeling of pessimism about it."
He was the only Justice this term, as last, to urge the Court to declare that the Constitution does not protect a right to abortion.
"But Iraq would respond positively when it finds that there is good will on the side of the Americans."
Rita Caviglia, the daughter of Mrs. Eugene John Caviglia of Montauk, L.I., and the late Mr. Caviglia, was married yesterday to Robert White Gadsden, a son of Mrs. Henry W. Gadsden of Gladwyne, Pa., and the late Mr. Gadsden.
Dr. Taffel said: ''In the end, the date turns out to be a timid little event.
''They're very docile, unless you're infringing on their nest, but that doesn't make the swan vicious; it makes the biologist who's trying to sneak up and shake the eggs a nuisance.''
Qd8, the idea being to continue with 15 .
Tropical rhythms beat out from speakers built into walls, coating the glittering steel.
Even Strauss in ''Elektra'' and Schoenberg in ''Erwartung'' stretch the ear's tolerance with this device.
They trail their hands, or a pencil, along the sides.
IF you can't get the student to the classes, take the classes to the student.
Not least is the security provided at the residential communities by guards, identification cards and alarm systems.
But Engels in particular attacked ''the illusion that it will be possible to guide this revolution into a smooth, constitutional channel.''
Even worse, ''there is a difficult dividing line between what is mismanagement and what is criminal fraud,'' said Laurence A. Urgenson, head of the fraud section of the criminal division of the Justice Department.
Assessing the Costs "The road is in a very, very bad state of disrepair," Ms. Fife said.
He takes over Sept. 1.
Knowing this, the theory goes, leftist voters would not waste their ballots on Communists but would give them to Social Democrats instead.
''He stopped moving his head and slipping punches,'' Futch said.
Piscine de Montherlant, 32 Boulevard Lannes (45.03.03.28).
I'd been drilled in school that art was painting and sculpture; but I'd get to thinking, Why are some things art and some not?
And the film itself is a lively one for its genre, ambitious enough to do more than simply string fight scenes together.
Her father is a founding partner in Gerstman & Meyers, design consultants in New York.
Despite its troubles, Mr. Harshfield said Columbia could remain in operation.
''This comprehensive updating will bring together in one readily accessible document important information about the sponsor's financial condition,'' Mr. Abrams said.
And why did the distributors of Wayne Wang's "Life Is Cheap .
Three men were identified by the Central Bureau of Investigation today as targets for questioning: Martin Ardbo, a former president of Bofors, and W. I. N. Chadha and G. P. Hinduja, two agents who acted as intermediaries in contracts.
The small cat population in his Marin County studio varied.
The Japanese don't ''compel'' all that much either.
The first sign that Mr. Primakov's talks with Mr. Hussein might have gone badly came from Baghdad television, which showed a videotape of the two men opening their discussions.
Schroeder herself did not apologize, and explained only that she was ''human.''
In June the Communist Party Congress met in Moscow and President Gorbachev emerged as the party's undisputed leader.
Ron Fraser of the University of Miami, the nation's winningest active Division I coach, was named yesterday to lead the United States baseball team for the 1992 Olympics.
''What seems new today was new then,'' Mr. Baum said in an interview yesterday.
These listings are based on computer-processed sales figures from 3,000 bookstores and from representative wholesalers with more than 38,000 other retail outlets, including variety stores and supermarkets.
Maurice Cheeks, although the title opportunity must develop soon because he'll be 34 next season.
''We get a real positive reaction from kids - the 18-year-olds - they want us to play their proms,'' said Jon McIntosh, 43, a commercial illustrator who is the band's drummer.
Most of the papers today, however, focused on lengthy analysis of Mrs. Thatcher's legacy.
''He is the eternal optimist, a man who grew up in a white picket fence world and saw the world with that kind of eye.
The plain fact was that he had given money to a gambler - a calamitous misjudgment by anyone connected with a game that still remembers the 1919 Black Sox scandal and still reels from the expulsion last year of Pete Rose.
Predictably, the work's creators performed with evident commitment.
Most sellers will not want to take the risk or accept the expense of offering their houses for sale in such a process.
We disobeyed, and we were created anew in that disobedience.
''The United States players have a lot of potential.
John Nuveen & Co. Texas, $50 million in college student loan bonds.
Every artistic director has his trusted scouts.
The show trumpeted the company's traditional, grass-roots values in an age of ''depersonalized,'' nonstop change.
Alex Grant, the chief news editor, says the paper divides its coverage between news of the emigre community and stories on events in the Soviet Union.
These bulbs are usually straight, but one variety is circular; its prongs are situated where the ends of the tube meet.
Brock, a left-handed hitter, was allowed to bat by Tom Trebelhorn, the Milwaukee manager, for two reasons: the short right-field fence, and the fact Brock has hit Righetti well.
They were cheap fouls, dumb fouls on our part.''
The Clorox Company said it would reassign the advertising accounts for Pine-Sol cleaner and Combat insecticide, which it is acquiring from the American Cyanamid Company.
He adds after a minute, "If you want to see more quiet fish, take that path through the woods."
''Our first year's sales were $17,000,'' Ms. Hussey said.
Open from 6 P.M. to 10 P.M. seven days a week.
Justice would be served if we could pass the bill on to Messrs. Kessel/Cuomo.
He is a graduate of Northeastern University with a bachelor's degree in mechanical engineering and a master's degree in business.
The deal was reported by Stan Slater of Brooklyn, who has spent a bridge lifetime competing in the Metropolitan Commercial League and teaching the game.
To many, the case posed a gross violation of the doctrine of separation of church and state.
They rushed for more than 200 yards in a 20-17 overtime triumph at Cincinnati, and Roger Craig -- who some said was approaching the end of a productive career -- had 97 of them.
More New Magazines Start-ups, for example, are still strong.
They have already expressed approval of the results of the talks between the government and the A.N.C.
Dr. J. Richard Spears of Wayne State University in Detroit has combined an inflatable balloon with a laser heat source to create a ''hot balloon'' catheter that is being widely tested.
''It is an issue everyone here is wondering about,'' said John M. Connors Jr., the president and chief executive at Hill, Holliday.
Ed Lawrence, head of minor league umpire development, said his staff was ''preparing to fill the void.''
Tennis Capriati Wins: Thirteen-year-old Jennifer Capriati beat 10th-ranked Helena Sukova for the second time in eight days yesterday, posting a 6-3, 6-2 victory in the second round of the International Players Championships in Key Biscayne, Fla.
Fashion has its saner aspects.
The sets are very simple, and most of the show relies on backdrop curtains and the effect of lighting designed by Glen S. Davis.
In a recent study of Glass-Steagall, George Benston, a professor of finance at Emory University, provides compelling evidence that cutting off banks from stocks and bonds makes them more risky: a bank reduces risk by diversifying its investments.
Under Japan's Large-Scale Retail Stores Law, intended to protect small retailers, they must be consulted before the opening of any large stores in their areas.
The idea was first conceived by Herbert Bayard Swope, an editor at The World newspaper in the 1920's, using the name Op.
has said that regardless of the distribution system, Sandoz will remain liable if patients die, said Samuel Ostrow, a spokesman for the company, adding, ''That raises the question of how Sandoz can sell the drug without running the testing system itself.''
Conversely, if your manual is alphabetically arranged, look for a book that groups commands by function.
from the University of Portland.
Laurence A. Tisch, the president of CBS Inc., and two former presidents, Thomas Wyman and John Backe, attended, as did former President Richard M. Nixon; former Mayor John V. Lindsay of New York City; Newton Minow, former chairman of the Federal Communications Commission; Arthur Ochs Sulzberger, publisher of The New York Times; Leonard Goldenson, former chairman of ABC; the writer Arthur Schlesinger Jr., and Janet Murrow, the widow of Edward R. Murrow.
Just a simple illness that involves no need to worry about the prognosis but gives you time to lie back and enjoy the enforced withdrawal from society for a day or two.
The Riyadh-based Saudi American Bank may actually come out ahead as a result of the crisis.
If we don't boost the category, we're looking at a stagnant situation."
Interest rates in West Germany will rise higher, as the full cost of this adjustment process becomes clearer.
Don't miss the French food booth, or the chance to have your picture taken in an ancient Chinese palace costume, or the demonstrations of Chinese dumpling-making, Japanese ikebana and origami, and Indian face painting.
''They refuse to wash up or clean their rooms, because they say that in Albania women do that work.
A New York City program to renovate several thousand apartments for the homeless and the working poor is seriously behind schedule and at least $50 million over budget, city officials said yesterday.
I remember one in which the commanding macho musicians point contemptuously to a woman in her underwear crawling on hands and knees to eat out of a dog dish.
The process by which Americans choose their leaders needs reform.
Everything was black and white -- sets, costumes, even the watches' faces.
- Andrew L. Pincus Choral Music by 20th-Century American Composers Choir of Trinity Church (Wall Street); Larry King, organ; instrumental ensemble conducted by James A. Simms.
Courter opened with: ''If you liked Michael Dukakis, you'll love Jim Florio.''
Still, despite the group's efforts to redefine and redirect the party, it faces a ''fourth-year problem,'' as Elaine Kamarck, one of its analysts, put it.
The Pirates took a 2-1 lead in the second on Bobby Bonilla's double and Bonds's 14th homer of the season.
I just felt it was my job to show that there is no easy way to success, and that anyone who gets even just one Top 40 hit deserves their moment in the sun.
He is a graduate of Corpus Christi College at Oxford University.
The coaches, John Cunniff of the Devils and Terry Murray of the Capitals, whose teams split the first two games of the series at Byrne Meadowlands Arena, preach defense.
Sprinkle with the remaining powdered sugar and serve hot.
Mr. Cuomo's goals are as admirable as they are ambitious - no surprise in an election year.
In the first six months of 1989 alone, 12 top-level commanders were replaced, the report said.
What makes Long Island different, and thus a classic case of the difficulty of unseating incumbents, is that it is predominantly Republican and yet has three Democratic and two Republican Congressmen in the two counties.
Mr. Yates later acknowledged hitting his wife and cutting her forehead with a diamond ring when they argued about the incident.
She added that she did not share the anxiety of some economists that an easing of policy might unsettle financial markets.
Given this last opportunity to review and challenge the bureau's preliminary figures before the housing and population counts become final on Dec. 31, more than 6,000 jurisdictions have filed objections.
No cars of any type can be seen in either direction.
The lead Martian roles are played by the comedians Barry Sobel and Vic Dunlop, whose emerald-colored face makeup and green suburban-style sports clothes obviously send up the idea of little green men.
After the verdict Mr. Gabor hugged his mother and both wept.
Yields on certificates of deposit and money market accounts declined in the week ended yesterday.
But there is not, as yet, any very clear delineation of what a new NATO, focused increasingly on political and even economic questions, might look like.
Yet while Mr. Delors is gambling that economic and monetary union will recover its momentum when community leaders meet in Rome in late October, experts believe it will be difficult to paper over the differences that emerged at a meeting of finance ministers in Rome on Sept. 8.
By using the new beacons false alarms can be reduced to less than 9 percent, said James Bailey, head of the search-and-rescue system for the National Oceonographic and Atmospheric Administration.
'' Mr. Iacocca then recites the survey results and says: ''You wanted proof.
Some of Bach's works gain a cumulative impact beyond their individual merits when presented in unified or integral sets.
Oklahoma Measure Passes In another display of voters' dissatifaction today, Oklahoma became the first state in the nation to limit how long state legislators can hold office.
Dr. Berendzen then admitted he had made obscene telephone calls to a young woman in Fairfax, Va., from his university office.
The demonstrations yesterday were conducted by suppliers' employees.
In what seemed to reflect a desire to insure that reunification does not weaken West Germany's commitment to the European Community, Mr. Andriessen said it was important that Brussels maintain some level of control over East Germany's reconstruction.
''The Speaker,'' filmed in 1977 by the American Library Association, concerns threatened censorship of a high school committee whose choice of a lecturer with controversial ideas on genetics is abhorrent to some students and parents.
In retrospect, I think I was oversensitive to that situation.
The procedure, like the spring fashions, is to be available in the United States early next year.
The stock closed unchanged yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange.
It is being handled by a caterer and, the partners acknowledge, the service is sometimes slow and the quality of the food uneven.
and have not sought a full meeting with bankers.
The sixth man was Lev Lebedev, a clarinetist from the Soviet Union.
Judge O'Flaherty scheduled a preliminary hearing for Friday.
Though somewhat more stylish than his earlier movies, ''Women on the Verge .
Operating income rose to $79.7 million, from $13.4 million.
"The real reason is much more serious, and that's that the economy is so weak," she said.
As a result, after 12 rounds at Caesars Palace here tonight, the 26-year-old Whitaker scored a unanimous decision over the 31-year-old Nelson to retain his International Boxing Federation and World Boxing Council lightweight titles.
With Many Companies Because he was known for the individual attention he gave to dancers, Mr. Vesak was much in demand as a choreographer and as a teacher.
Discussions Are Suspended The discovery of the tunnel, the deepest found yet, is expected to heighten the war of words between North Korea and South Korea, which are already engaged in a propaganda exchange over the presence of antitank barriers on both sides of the border.
Less Expensive Alternatives Many people are expected to turn to respectable, less expensive sparking wines from other areas, including California.
''What's your red wine by the glass?''
MANHATTAN East Midtown - $1.16 million 860 U.N. Plaza 2-bedroom, 4-bath, 2,100-sq.-ft. postwar co-op; 24-hr.
Supporters of buyback centers take a different view.
In 1970, the Canada Council, a quasi-Governmental body, partly made up for the neglect by honoring Mr. Callaghan with a Molson Award carrying $15,000.
Sanders and an adviser, Eugene Parker, did not talk about the figures.
Hobhouse says theirs was ''Done to rags.''
Bicycles, which then had the streets virtually to themselves, are contending today with motorcycles.
Erratic Serve Against Krickstein, his serve was erratic, his groundstrokes unsteady.
ONLY AFTER GREAT EFFORT, I SETTLED ON a spot in the middle of an open meadow about halfway between the house and the barn where I keep my office.
Coincidentally, he offered his opinion just a few days before Standard & Poor's lowered its ratings on Chrysler and Ford debt last week.
At the same time, however, the overnight loan rate, which is closely controlled by the Federal Reserve, has remained steady at about 8.25 percent.
Wall Street is little like the busy area it was less than three years ago, when excitement teemed in the streets as thousands of people pushed by each other on the narrow sidewalks in the shadows of the investment houses.
In March, a Federal judge dismissed five of six claims in the suit, which contended that the screen display of Apple's Macintosh had unlawfully used copyrighted technology developed by Xerox for its Star computer.
However, homelessness does not exist in isolation and is caused by, among other things, mental illness, substance abuse and lack of affordable housing.
The Ambassador was unaware of evidence already available to the United States Army implicating Salvadoran military men.
It fragmented when it hit his teeth, Dr. Sclafani said.
''Nationally,'' he contended, ''the bureau has met 61 percent of its 1990 recruiting goal.''
Defense lawyers said they would appeal when he was found guilty on April 7 and they confirmed today that an appeal would be filed.
subsidiary NEI Canada Ltd. for $20.9 million Canadian.
''I haven't been able to translate the determination onto the court.
Steer toward the low end and order old reliables like Corvo red or white from Sicily at $17 or, better yet, the soft fruity Jadot Beaujolais, 1988, for $14.
On the other hand, Mr. Gingrich has earned the kind of national name identity that is beyond the fondest dreams of most House members.
The first shipments of oil sold in the auction could be pumped as early as mid-October, but most successful bidders are not expected to be able to schedule space in pipelines or on tankers and barges for the shipments until November, Ms. Nelson said.
It vacated the permit and returned the matter to Mr. Weingart for a decision.
The Standard & Poor's Corporation said in a recent report on Service Corporation that its profits from funeral services should improve, reflecting higher prices, but that its profit margin was likely to fall as national mortality rates continued to decline.
He was an all-American in basketball in 1928.
The Yankees yesterday recommended arthroscopic surgery for Pascual Perez, whose injured right shoulder has kept him sidelined for seven weeks and will now apparently finish the pitcher for the rest of the season.
Thus, the Pope prepared to leave Mexico on Sunday morning much in the way he arrived - talking about church-state relations, which he says have entered a ''new era'' here.
Is it too much to ask that Mr. Kimmelman measure other institutions against the same expectations he holds for the Whitney Museum?
The reductions averaged $172,857, for a total of about $796 million.
The optical fibers, ultrathin strands of glass that carry voice and computer information on beams of laser lights, will allow the Transit Authority to receive video pictures from within the subway tunnels and also to monitor automated fare collection machines.
Stu Jackson, sitting on a rickety chair and yelling above the din of the noisy Boston Garden crowd Sunday afternoon, constantly reminded his Knicks during every time out to ''make the extra pass, push the ball up and battle for every offensive rebound.''
Within 48 hours of his mother's death, Barry submitted a fresh column.
By last Sunday, against the wishes of her doctor, who still has not determined the nature of the problem, she was back in the gym, stretching.
Dyall Nixon then scored 6 consecutive points for Canisius (2-12, 0-6), making the score 68-58, but Doug Overton responded with two jump shots for the Explorers and they were never threatened again.
Compliment From Rival Baldwin went 3 up with a par on 15 and ended the match when both players parred the uphill par-4 16.
This is a cluster of 13 small gaily painted wooden traditional Malay buildings, one from each state, around one main structure on Jalan Raja Chulan.
It is the First Marine Expeditionary Force, not the First Marine Division.
His impact on the game is expected to hinge on how many votes he can draw from elsewhere on the board.
In another, nature becomes a different kind of cat: I conjure Einstein by the shore; he stares at sunlight shimmering the sea - a tiger shaking out its fur.
It turns out that the facts strongly support their thesis.
He said yesterday that the Black and Hispanic alumni group had about 25 supporters.
Ravel's ''Gaspard de la Nuit'' was beautifully colored, and its technical horrors seemed child's play in his hand.
THE MEDIA BUSINESS The television ratings race this year is the closest ever.
In seven innings, he allowed four hits, struck out eight and walked one.
Now the South Korean Government has begun an investigation of Du Pont and Hoechst Celanese to determine whether they are selling below "fair value" the chemical substance polyacetal, used to make plastic goods, in the South Korean market.
The Senator wanted to find some way to shift the expenses of the condominium to someone other than himself.
No drugs or dietary overhauls are needed, and little or no special equipment or added expense are required for regular heart-protecting exercise.
The prospective bride is a financial officer at the United States Trust Company in New York.
And the Police Department recently announced a joint effort, with Federal agents, to crack down on organized gun-running.
16 One man with a purpose takes on heart disease 16 U.S. cites limited use for high-speed trains 23 Philanthropy to back programs on boosting U.S. industry 23 Regional 24-28 The Japanese in New York suburbs, whether there for a temporary business assignment or for good, are starting to feel a backlash from their growing presence and the rising economic tensions between Japan and the United States.
Just as the season ended, Off Broadway's Playwrights Horizons introduced a jubilant musical fantasy, ''Once on This Island,'' whose young authors, Lynn Ahrens and Stephen Flaherty, promise more good times for the American musical; they and their show, one suspects, will be competing for Tony Awards this time next year.
Oddly enough, part of the party's problem is its firm hold on Congress.
In taking him yesterday, the Cardinals' general manager, Larry Wilson, said at a news conference in Tempe, Ariz.: "I feel he's a big person who's had some big problems and has whipped them.
Also, I was dead tired, thanks to the party.''
That court had overturned a drunken-driving conviction on the ground that the prosecution violated the suspect's constitutional right against compelled self-incrimination by playing the videotape at the trial.
Having moved from a policy of support for Soviet reform to one of backing Mr. Gorbachev personally, Mr. Bush has now demonstrated himself willing not only to have a new kind of dialogue with Mr. Gorbachev, but also to take political risks to help him.
That left the subsidiary, which had purchased a significant amount of gold and other metals, holding onto illiquid assets without the financing it needed.
In research reported in the current issue of the British journal Nature, the scientists extracted cores up to 100 feet long from the North Atlantic sea bed.
Federal prosecutors today charged a former official of the Food and Drug Administration's generic drug division with taking a $20,000 gift from a former executive of a drug company.
Glen Cove $228,000 12 Brookdale Road 5-bedroom, 3-bath, 33-year-old ranch; basement, 1-car garage, 66- by 120-foot lot; taxes $4,000.
The Republicans say that a cut is needed to spur economic growth.
The plan falls more than $3 million short of the amount the rural county in Northern California says it needs in the fiscal year that begins Oct. 1, and county officials estimate that the deficit will rise to $25 million in the 1992 fiscal year.
In new research into the bonds between humans and animals, therapists are discovering that pets provide unexpected psychological benefits for children beyond the obvious.
OPEC needs to cut oil production by as much as 1.5 million barrels a day to help crude prices recover from their recent slide, OPEC's president said today as the organization's ministers arrived for an emergency meeting.
Chinese hot pot, Great Shanghai.
So the sales agents who showed up for the weekly meeting could be called survivors.
Syria appeared today to be adopting a more belligerent attitude toward Iraq, affirming that its support remains strong for the United States-led alliance in the Persian Gulf.
If your landlord is not complying with the law, you can notify the Office of the New York State Attorney General, Division of Consumer Complaints, 120 Broadway, New York, N.Y. 10271 (telephone 341-2345).
All together we compiled 111 different species.
His remark helped cause a political crisis in Israel which led to the fall of the Government of Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir.
"The clinical trial seems like a more logical way of getting answers," she said.
Max Gordon, who was city editor of The Daily Worker when he broke with the Communist Party in 1956 and who later was a medical writer for Purdue-Frederick, a pharmaceutical company, died of a heart attack Monday at the West Boca Raton (Fla.) Medical Center.
On the other hand, to follow the ''endless melody'' core of Wagner's vision required 17 hours of attention Monday through Thursday evenings.
On Monday, several witnesses testified that while on his island visit, Mr. Barry spent much of his time at the hotel ingesting drugs and making sexual advances toward a series of women.
For the 12 months ended last month, the funds recorded losses of 18.2 percent and 16.9 percent, compared with an average loss of 12.5 percent for such funds.
The ducks will head for a landing in the open water downwind of your spread and well within shooting range.
Calling the decision "heartbreaking," Jack Shoemaker, the editor in chief and a founder of the Berkeley, Calif., publisher, said North Point had held serious talks with a number of potential buyers.
Early anti-American oratory has been softened because of two factors.
Mr. Ngema said he anticipates a future beyond apartheid -- a time when artists will not be able to survive simply by railing against the system.
The fast-food price wars intensified today in Southern California, where McDonald's said it would introduce a long-term "value menu" of inexpensive items like 59-cent hamburgers and 59-cent soft drinks.
In ''Adultery,'' Hank and Edith meet as graduate students in Iowa.
Since World War II, the politicians have essentially abandoned rural America, and the result, in this case, is a region in genuine peril.''
According to Aviation Week and Space Technology, which quoted unnamed Israeli analysts, French electronics could be loaded onto a Soviet transport plane, the Il-76, to do the same job as an Awacs.
The American Newspaper Publishers Association also believes that phone companies, in their own operating regions, should be limited to supplying a conduit to the home, not content.
As described here, reporters for the lower kind of British newspapers live in a grubby, dog-eat-dog world in which sensationalism matters much more than truth.
She stopped; then he stopped, tossing his long straggly locks.
It was Mr. Ney, apparently seeking felony charges, who obtained an indictment last week from a Hamilton County grand jury, which accused the Contemporary Arts Center and its director, Dennis Barrie, of obscenity for displaying seven photographs by Mr. Mapplethorpe that show naked children or homoerotic acts.
You're responsible for the return, even if it is prepared by somebody else.''
Samuel J. Silverman, a retired justice of the Appellate Division of State Supreme Court, officiated at the couple's home in Brooklyn.
In letters she tells me she loves me, and I believe her more because I want to than because I can feel it.
Mr. Chailly's Brahms was not as intense as Arturo Toscanini's or as mystically compelling as Wilhelm Furtwangler's or, to name another Concertgebouw predecessor, Willem Mengelberg's.
At the same time, the Government has taken steps to encourage domestic production of fruits and vegetables, and there are reports of widespread food smuggling from Turkey and Iran, though both those nations say they support the United Nations sanctions.
He argued for the elimination of major strategic weapons systems, saying, ''If everybody says we're never going to use them, it's crazy; it sets logic on its head.''
Nevertheless, enough went right during the evening to suggest that the Bastille Opera may have taken a faltering first step in the right direction.
But the people wanted real freedom and they went back to the streets again and again until they got it.
could use to fill those holes.
Q. I have a question for both Presidents -Oh, excuse me, sir.
Finally, she settled into a large bowl of water.
She didn't have to speed or swerve, all that mattered was that she was driving out of the neighborhood, she was an adult with a driver's license and we were finally free.
''I share with all of you this sense of concern and outrage,'' Judge Dearie said.
The militants want Kashmir, India's only majority Muslim state, to either become independent or join Pakistan.
In addition, the Government ordered an inquiry into the source of the leak.
Leyland, Pittsburgh's manager, said the Pirates made it easy for him.
Etidronate (pronounced eh-TID-ro-nate) halted the bone loss by slowing the natural process of bone removal; the calcium helped build bone mass.
The book is a complete success.
After a freshman year in which he battled a temper that left a trail of broken clubs in his wake, he began to assert a claim to being the best collegiate golfer in the land.
Now lift off the spout.
EARLY last month, I had the pleasure of escorting my 20-year-old son to the barn area of Churchill Downs.
In fact, Space Camp was started as a modest-size summer activity for children in the fourth to sixth grades.
As part of a plea agreement with the company, Federal prosecutors dropped 141 other counts against Northrop contained in an indictmenthanded up last April, and dropped charges against two Northrop executives.
Russian Percentage Declining Shiites have a stronger sense of martyrdom and revolution and have displayed a greater desire than Sunnis to effect change through political activity.
Dr. Menninger had a hand in changing those conceptions through his papers, articles and books, some of which became best sellers.
But if a third country ever threatens the U.S. with nuclear devastation, it will be with a weapon smuggled in or flown in through our nonexistent air defense net; it will not be an intercontinental ballistic missile - the only kind of delivery vehicle our Star Wars system could shoot down.
His rhinestone-encrusted hoop earrings and cabochon buttons sell for $100 to $225, pins for $225.
Mr. Balev, a former Politburo member, faces charges of malfeasance in office and misappropriation of public property, the statement said.
Mr. Reiner said he could not discuss the evidence backing up the charges until transcripts of the testimony given to the grand jury in the case are made public, which will be within 10 days.
"One of the things that has happened is that everyone kind of stopped and took a hard look at the company and the way everyone worked together," said Charles V. Raymond, a corporate consultant who is serving as the Joffrey's interim executive director.
A few people were surprised by the outcome.
To say that the set is an essential acquisition for every student, practitioner and devotee of the violin is to state the recommendation in the mildest way.
In the aftermath of today's veto of the bill easing curbs on political activity for Federal workers, Republican officials privately acknowledged that they feared losing several Republican seats in Congress in every election if the legion of largely Democratic Federal postal workers and other employees were allowed to campaign for their party.
Walter Cronkite, the former CBS News anchor who covered World War II as a news agency correspondent, talked of his own re-evaluaton of the Eisenhower Administration, saying he no longer subscribed to the views of those who say Eisenhower was a hands-off President who simply parroted the words of his speechwriters.
In Kansas City (401 Ward Parkway), standard rates run from $135 to $175; suites cost $250.
''Simply putting a new suit on that old corpse isn't going to revive it,'' he recently said after the Bush Administration presented a budget plan.
Ayer's Phillips' Milk of Magnesia ad - in which a roll of toilet paper stands unused until the Milk of Magnesia bottle appears, when the roll starts unwinding wildly - came from art director Eric David, who is otherwise confined to A.T.&T.
Piston reserves played almost the entire fourth quarter.
It was like asking a director who had been rehearsing a play for months to suddenly start over with a new cast.
One of the leaders of the war on the N.E.A.
"This non-destructive technique could assist police in finding graves of murder victims in an area where they have received tips one is located," Dr. Unterberger said in a report at the university.
In New York City, The Times, The Daily News and Newsday will include the insert in this Sunday's issues.
''You must remember,'' says Birules, ''that it was Lombardy's industry that made Milan what it is.''
They've been so important while getting married.
The Palme d'Or winner, David Lynch's incendiary but problematic ''Wild at Heart,'' isn't fully a step forward; in its present form, it sometimes strains for shock value and echoes the director's ''Blue Velvet'' more than it should.
"Conditions right now are the worst they've ever been in midtown," said Lieut.
Four justices have indicated that they would overturn the decision or substantially limit it; three still endorse it in full, and one, Justice Sandra Day O'Connor, has an ambiguous position.
A man on trial for creating a rogue program said he was paralyzed with fear when his program jammed a nationwide network.
Employment has dropped to 72,000 workers.
Guilty in Robbery Case Early yesterday, a 21-year-old neighbor in Mrs. White's building, 1770 Story Avenue, was arrested and charged in the death.
Frequent Soloist in America His American debut took place in 1958, when he played three concertos with the National Orchestral Association in New York City.
The United States, with about one-third of the debt, has seven banks including Chase Manhattan, Chemical, Citibank, Manufacturers Hanover and BankAmerica.
Two Stars On the final night of the national collegiate championships, the stars were Favor and Hudson.
The company not only covers a broad geographic sweep from Hawaii to Vermont, but also handles a great variety of utilities, including water, electric and gas services as well as telecommunications.
A17 Omen for Young: Low black turnout B6 Lutherans punish two churches for gay ordinations B6 Two Southern Baptist news chiefs are dismissed B6 Regional B1-4, B20 Eighty schools in New York City have been chosen to begin Schools Chancellor Joseph A. Fernandez's trademark experiment in power sharing among teachers, parents and principals, but scores of other schools have stayed out of the process.
Situated along eastern Berlin's broad Unter den Linden boulevard, it was once known as the royal Friedrich-Wilhelm University, but was renamed by the Communists for the 19th-century scholars Wilhelm and Alexander von Humboldt.
It is one of the world's great porcelain collections.
Mr. Esteban and two male dancers writhed and slinked across the stage, pushed by one of the sharpest horn sections anywhere; arrangements for the band's trumpets, saxophones and trombone unfold in multi-layered counterpoint instead of simply repeating riffs.
''The vast majority of learning-disabled kids need more practice or instruction from a different perspective,'' Dr. Conoley said.
That is up from one in three a decade ago, according to statistics recently released by the United Nations that concur with other figures and are considered as reliable as any.
They do, however, resent the implications that they are morally incapable of living in decent neighborhoods because of the twin ''disabilities'' of their color and socio-economic status.
"People forget t took 8 to 14 years for an execution under our old law," he said.
The hour is forceful without being particularly probing.
But several trial lawyers following the case, in which Mr. Barry is charged with 14 counts of drug possession, conspiracy and perjury, said today that the defense lawyer, R. Kenneth Mundy, had little choice after the mountain of evidence of Mr. Barry's drug use that was presented to the jury over the last several weeks.
The show became ''energized,'' he says.
A couple of times we've seen our merchandise being sold on the corner.
Against the Raiders, Sam Wyche had his quarterback, Boomer Esiason, line up wide as a receiver.
''I get by on maybe six, six and a half hours,'' said Dr. Cavey.
Contracts for new construction declined 6 percent in April, reaching a four-year low and resuming a slide that began late last year, the F. W. Dodge division of McGraw-Hill Inc. reported yesterday.
United Nations officials said they were not optimistic about the answers to such questions.
One requires restaurants to display ''Heimlich maneuver'' posters demonstrating how to aid diners if they choke on food.
I was moved to tears that I was going to be part of Broadway again.
The annual awards are in recognition of writing achievement and writing promise.
Articles have ranged from ''Sensual Black Man, Do You Love Me?''
When a stabilized tenant leaves, the owner is allowed a vacancy increase as well as the normal increase for a new lease.
Once arrested and charged with stealing watches in his days at another early job, airport janitor, Rodman is uncommonly generous now that he earns plenty of money.
Like Cezanne, Marin was committed to his sensation of nature.
Gruber's homer, his 27th, came off a reliever, Curt Schilling (1-2).
b-After an extraordinary charge of $5 million related to retirement of debt for the quarter and year.
A Symbol for Japanese Clearly, golf has gone from a pastime to a symbol for things that many Japanese are not so sure they like.
The Giants will start John Washington again at right defensive end, but Leonard Marshall will continue to play end or tackle in passing situations.
On Aug. 22, before work could begin, the bank holding an $18.5 million mortgage on the mall, Dollar Dry Dock in White Plains, began foreclosure proceedings against the owner, I.I.J.
VINTAGE BOATS Like most hobbyists, the 130 members of the Long Island chapter of the Antique and Classic Boat Society like to show and tell.
At 10 A.M. today, ''Surely He Hath Borne Our Grief'' from Handel's ''Messiah,'' with choir and organ.
The Administration supports several Supreme Court decisions that have dismayed civil rights advocates, including rulings sharply narrowing the ability of minority groups to bring discrimination lawsuits and shifting the burden of proof in some cases to plaintiffs instead of defendants.
Our goal is to have one of Jerry Zaks's shows in every one of our houses.''
These are the foundation for its recently established Northeast Children's Literature Research Center.
Although the new cars cost more, they are expected to cost less to operate and to require less maintenance, transit officials said.
But a trash bag left out in the sun long enough to decompose will simply dump its contents on the ground.
But even as he linked immigrant housing aid to a halt in settlements Thursday, Mr. Baker also urged Israel to decide quickly about his plan for peace talks.
Market Share Shrinks In 1989, Zenith controlled 12 percent of the market, down from 18.5 percent in 1983, according to Television Digest.
''Beef imports from East Germany have caused a 1 or 2 percent increase in supply, and that has brought about the current catastrophe.''
Thomas Hill had 16 points and Bobby Hurley had 13 -- 12 in the second half -- as Duke (8-2) overcame a 5-point halftime deficit.
Following is a partial list of dividend meetings for the week of June 25, 1990: MONDAY Ameron Inc Del General Mls Bellsouth Corp Standard Prods Co Boeing Co TUESDAY Bell Atlantic Corp Montana Pwr Co Centerior Energy Nipsco Inds Delmarva Pwr & Lt Public Svc Co Colo Disney Walt Co Quick & Reilly Group Elcor Corp Rubbermaid Inc Hydraulic Co Signet Banking Kerr Glass MFG Union Camp Corp WEDNESDAY Brooklyn U.N. Gas Northern Sts Pwr Minn Central Me Pwr Vulcan Matls Co Iowa Res WPL Hldngs Manor Care THURSDAY AMPCO-Pittsburg Orange & Rockland Utils Boston Edison Pfizer Inc Campbell Soup Sara Lee Corp Handy & Harman Washington Gas Lt Knight-Ridder Wolverine World Wide FRIDAY Cascade Nat Gas Southwestern Bell
''We account for far too few of the electronic media owners.
"You don't want to come too early."
For the last 14 months, Mr. Gosso has been confined in the special-needs unit of the Wende Correctional Facility near Buffalo.
These olfactory cells bear receptors that unite with odor molecules.
Debra Winger Tom O'Toole .
July crude settled down 46 cents, at $16.68 a barrel, after having fallen more than 70 cents earlier in the session.
When Rent Is Due, Move The Mayor's mother and grandmother were domestic servants, who ''cooked and cleaned for other people, of course white people, and earned about a dollar a day,'' he said.
But the attention focused on him this year has been first on his marital difficulties and then on his financial problems.
His leadership in the Front Uni, in particular, gave the anti-republic insurgency greater legitimacy in the eyes of Cambodia's peasantry.
This was evident once again Thursday night at a barbecue in Pasadena, a refinery city on the outskirts of Houston.
On the perjury counts, the jury charged that when the Mayor appeared before it in January 1989, he lied when he said he was unaware that Mr. Lewis was involved with drugs and also lied when he said he had not received cocaine from Mr. Lewis and had not given cocaine to Mr. Lewis.
Mrs. Conwill's openness is reflected in her effort to broaden the museum's base.
of America, an organization of club and teaching pros, not by the PGA Tour.
Mr. Yanayev won in the second round, as 1,237 lawmakers voted for him, 563 against and 23 invalidated their ballots.
A crime-busting Federal prosecutor from Pittsburgh and two-term Governor of Pennsylvania, highly regarded as capable and pragmatic, he seemed a perfect choice to restore calm at the Justice Department after the blustery tenure of Edwin L. Meese 3d, and he seemed destined for a starring role in the widening war on drugs and white-collar crime.
''We're here as much to support other parts of the company as to make money on our own,'' Mr. Burke said.
The provision of the City Charter that requires a convicted felon to resign does not bar felons from running for office.
Dec. 4: U.S. Transportation Secretary Samuel Skinner says Exxon's cleanup has cost the company $1.9 billion, and praises Exxon for ''a very substantial, good-faith effort.''
The most cottagey-looking of the contributions is not ''cottage'' but a work made by hand.
''I didn't ask for this thing,'' The Cincinnati Enquirer quoted him as saying, ''but we prosecute 175,000 to 200,000 cases a year.
b-Net income Share earnings and shares outstanding represent average units.
''We've done nicely,'' he said.)
It's a peculiar evening of possibilities, left lifeless in the theater.
These are usually jobs for an experienced carpenter.
Mr. Durenberger, like his peers, was instructed to sit at his desk throughout the proceedings.
So far, the markdowns in stock prices have been relatively indiscriminate.
"If we opened and had the top quarter of the tower left, it wouldn't dismay me at all," he said.
He was also a founding member of the International Small Business Congress and served on the National Industrial Energy Council.
Prices of precious metal futures rose for the third straight day yesterday, partly offsetting recent steep losses as a sharp drop in oil prices stirred speculation that interest rates might fall.
I was touched by the gesture, somewhere deeper in my heart than the panic lay.
''In a different town, he might be better.''
Indiana, which scored the first 17 points of the game, went up 24-17 on Dunbar's 11-yard run with 11:55 remaining in the game.
Republicans blamed for higher taxes in Kansas and Nebraska lost bids for re-election as governor, and a taxpayer revolt helped bring down a Democrat who had served two terms as Governor of Michigan.
To the caveat that not all Americans realize their political power, he replied: "On Election Day, the potential is there."
But Father Joseph Penna, the chairman of the department of church law at St. Joseph's Seminary in Yonkers, disagreed, citing other sections of canon law that could be applied.
He endured a dreadful spring training, going 1 for 29 in exhibition games, but started well before hitting a weeklong slump in which he went hitless in 23 consecutive times at bat.
John T. Sloan, a spokesman for The News, acknowledged that the New York State Labor Commissioner, Thomas F. Hartnett, had asked James Hoge, the paper's publisher, to meet with him "confidentially, to discuss the issues."
"I really look upon it with a smile," he said.
Charles Harry Barber 3d, U.S.N., were married yesterday at the Homestead in Hot Springs, Va., by Judge James H. Michael Jr. of Federal District Court in Charlottesville, Va. Mrs. Barber, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Herman Gerber of Charlottesville, attended Hamilton College.
To the Editor: You report that corrosion threatens New York City's bridges, including three that span the East River (news article, Dec. 17).
Fifteen years after the last fiscal crisis, New York City's budget crunch has once again reduced the number of Sanitation Department street cleaners to a mere corporal's guard.
Currently some Digital computers run on one operating system and others on another.
Across the state, city officials expressed disappointment in the figures.
When that ensemble played for Jackie Gleason's television shows in 1955, Mr. Castle was the featured trumpet soloist.
But such a sweeping judgment obscures what is happening in Lebanon.
A ship will lay a network of electro-optical cable and outlet boxes, then remote-controlled submarines and manned submersible vehicles will plug in cameras, microphones, seismometers and heat and chemical sensors.
8.Grill the chicken over the prepared charcoal, on a top-of-stove grill or under the preheated broiler.
A report yesterday in The Wall Street Journal said I.B.M.
As a contingency, the Joint Chiefs of Staff have alerted a huge array of forces that they should be prepared to go the region, Pentagon officials said.
Ms. Barker conveys, at times in a scary way, her sense of entrapment - in her own apartment - as Johnny keeps pressing the issue.
''That doesn't make 15 guns on the scene.
''Nynex has and will continue to cooperate fully with all governmental and regulatory bodies in their appropriate review of our business practices,'' the company said.
In two years, they had tripled the firm's mergers volume, albeit from a small base.
And then there is a portrait by Madame Vigee-Lebrun -- a copy, most likely, but a good one -- of the composer Giovanni Paisiello that she painted in Naples in 1791.
Carroll Has Expectations ''Sometimes you're disappointed in the positions you're put in,'' Carroll said.
Ms. Peters, a professor of English literature at the University of Wisconsin-Whitewater, became interested in Ethel Barrymore while she was writing "Mrs. Pat," a biography of Mrs. Patrick Campbell, the reigning British actress early in this century when Ethel was rising to stardom on both sides of the Atlantic.
Charles Oakley, the Knick power forward who broke his left hand on March 20, had the cast removed yesterday and was given permission to work out on his own.
''I just have to play,'' she said.
''I've never seen such a soft-looking, shaggy poodle before.''
The 6,250 troops that France now has in Saudi Arabia are equipped with anti-tank helicopters and light armored vehicles.
"We're not against redevelopment," said Mr. Macdonald, who has been closely monitoring the plans.
Finally, after weeks of tests that nearly made him quit - ''It's just so frustrating.
THE calendar never stops me from cooking outdoors at my home on eastern Long Island.
The choir sang gospel songs and a popular number, "The Greatest Love."
But there were no guarantees Kelly or his family could avoid the gunfire that kept the country hostage while Noriega sought sanctuary.
''Many recent, significant studies from the world literature have been little noticed in America,'' Dr. Pasnau said.
And in some cases where bail is required, the city pays it just to keep the suspect from taking up another jail bunk.
We don't have to go back to the drawing board."
Since the Supreme Court's decision last summer giving states new power to restrict abortion, one of the major questions in political circles is whether the abortion rights movement can organize the way that the anti-abortion movement has done for years.
Many even joined the Institute on a recent trip to the Red Sea port of Eilat, stopping along the way to visit the home of Israel's first Prime Minister, David Ben-Gurion.
Those shows featured everything from Gilbert and Sullivan operettas to nature films from the New York Zoological Society.
The commission's chairman, Peter A. Bradford, said that he had not yet seen the terms of the agreement and could not ''tell yet whether to applaud it or not.''
"The premise behind it is to make the insurance resemble as closely as possible what's done in the marketplace," L. William Seidman, chairman of the F.D.I.C., said in a recent interview.
2 5 LIAR'S POKER, by Michael Lewis.
View Full Article in Timesmachine »
He knew nothing about woodworking, toy making or puzzles at the time.
"It's connected with the position of the Catholic Church in our country," said Zofia Kuratowska, a physician in the Senate who voted against the bill.
No Surprises ''They took advantage of those kids, pure and simple,'' said Michael Joseph, the lawyer for Antron McCray.
"Often, intelligent parents overload their children with more information than their children's brains can handle at that age," Dr. MacIntyre said.
''We're running out of chances, but we only need to win once up here.
The charges were a further embarrassment to Skadden, Arps, which is New York's largest law firm and one of the nation's most prominent takeover players.
"We, the Palestinians, are not just a number in the equation.
He said the reaction was largely negative, but declined to elaborate on the proposals.
He kept those titles after being named acting Bergen prosecutor in January 1989.
In an interview, Justice Roberts made no mention of a memorandum from Mayor David N. Dinkins asking city officials to assist movie and television producers wanting to film in the city, whether or not the officials cared for the scripts.
To counter the widespread wonderment at the failure of the holdover Attorney General to get on top of his job, Sununu, the chief of staff, insists Thornburgh is getting bad press because he is doing the dirty work to get good results.
Some of Coniston's investors, who were required to post a minimum of $5 million to join the investment pool, said yesterday that they would be open to such new investment.
This, they said, was the real lesson of Tripoli and Chapultepec and Iwo Jima's bloody slopes.
As Mr. Hayman points out, recent editorial work on manuscripts and typescripts has resulted not in a definitive edition of the novel but rather in the realization that there never will be such a thing, that any version of it is to some extent an arbitrary choice from this vast do-it-yourself kit.
Changes in accounting rules for nonprofit institutions received tentative support from the profession's rule-making body.
But violence is what the movie is about -- violence that would make Rambo blush.
Chosen for Statewide Release The film, called ''The Aftermath,'' has been adopted for use in Governor Mario M. Cuomo's statewide Athletes Against Drunk Driving program, in which prominent athletes serving as role models discuss drug- and alcohol-abuse issues with groups of young people.
B can be replaced by C. Therefore, A equals C. It's not logical.''
You're really just damned if you do and damned if you don't.
The Government sent trucks carrying food and medicine to Jaffna peninsula last week, but the Red Cross-escorted convoy is now stranded south of the demolished causeway, 30 miles south of Jaffna, officials said.
For example, we find no evidence of any significant decline in consumption.''
He is survived by his wife, Rose; three daughters, Debra, of Cochabamba, Bolivia, and Jane and Nancy, of Briarcliff Manor, N.Y.; three stepsons, Robert Ubaldo of Manhattan, and John and Richard Ubaldo, of Pound Ridge, and two sisters, Julie Isles and Rebecca Bakunin, of Manhattan.
''If this tells you anything, it is that this war will not end until Aoun or Geagea is removed from the scene,'' said a police officer who spoke on condition of anonymity.
Here comes another load of those loathsome snapshooters.
Oddly enough, George Barnes even tried to put together investors to mount a bid to once again buy the company.
Carpet-Bomb the Infantry On the battlefield in Kuwait and in southern Iraq, attack aircraft like tank-killing A-10 jets and Apache helicopters could be used to attack the 430,000 enemy ground troops there from the rear, cutting off supply lines.
I like the marathon course in Boston, too.
Taiwan has hundreds of small concerns that are moving into the world of technology.
The company issued a statement which in effect said the accident occurred.
Thomas, the unanimous choice as most valuable player of the championship series, in which the Pistons defeated the Portland Trail Blazers, angrily denied the reports Saturday at a news conference.
But Mr. Meehan likes what he has done so far and he adds that he does not think the show is just ''a lollipop - Martin and Charles and I, we're all very political.''
The ballroom building, in addition to its historical and architectural significance, offers a valuable opportunity to provide much-needed community facilities.
This is the stuff a new workshop, starting this weekend, is made of.
It rose sluggishly early this week, but most of the gain was eliminated on Friday with a loss of 28.01, to 2,839.94.
"I did not think they would linger, or be this severe," Lou Holtz, the Notre Dame coach, said of those problems.
''They affect the way individual negotiations are conducted.''
''What mother and father mean to them is more than psychiatrists can ever mean.''
The border guards, checking her passport, ''didn't really register,'' she said.
Kid Vid and some animated pals discover the illustrator's lunch, a Whopper, of course.
It would not be used to support rebels who hold onto their weapons, he said in testimony before the House Appropriations subcommittee responsible for foreign aid.
Use only superior quality copper cookware that has a stainless-steel cooking surface.
Sales and rentals of equipment made up two-fifths of the company's $36 billion in revenues last year.
On Sunday, Ms. David performed a solo at St. Joseph's Episcopal Church in Queens Village.
''But the job of public health officials is to keep the public safe.''
The only note of banality - and it's purposeful - is the basket of rumpled shirts, destined for the laundry.
While Mr. Cuomo briefly floated the idea of raising the gas tax during this year's state budget debate, the idea was quickly rejected by the State Senate's Republican majority.
A letter on Sept. 5 to Chief Justice Wilentz, which the article said bore 15 members' numbers, asked that the first panel be permitted to continue hearing the case.
(He has won three times in the past four years.)
The prosecution has tried to portray the attack as racially motivated.
MICHAEL RATNER Cooperating Staff Attorney Center for Constitutional Rights New York, Sept. 13, 1990
We are a part of it and we think it's the right step.''
Dislikes Most Labels ''Being a woman writer, I would be deceiving myself if I said I write completely through the eye of a man,'' she said.
''We said we're not doing it, so you do it,'' said Dr. Mark I. Madsen, the organization's education director.
True, but you miss the point.
ADVANCE PREPARATIONS: We provide the plates, utensils and beverages, and careful planning makes the undertaking much easier -and cheaper.
East Germany's coalition Government has approved a decree that allows foreign companies with fewer than 500 employees to have a majority stake in a joint venture with an East German company.
Commander San Fierro said that the investigation was closed, although Ms. Faviola was arrested and charged with failing to report the incident when she first discovered the bodies.
Unfortunately, flavor is a casualty of rearranging nature.
Interest in Weill's music has prompted a steady flow of new recordings, above all the laudable Capriccio series of both familiar and exotic scores from his German period.
Kim Zmeskal, 14, of Houston was second with 38.550.
Track officials expect that the remaining six weeks are going to be even worse.
Most camped a short distance away from the Lazdijai border crossing, leaving their tents and buses to walk as far as the customs barrier.
The pincers of many species are covered with ultrasensitive hairs that, by vibrating at different speeds and in different directions, tell a scorpion that a flying insect is approaching, allowing the predator to snatch the prey from the air.
Earlier this year, Northrop pleaded guilty to 34 counts of failing to test parts for fighter jets and missiles, and agreed to pay a $17 million fine.
Sure, all the pictures came out, but it is unlikely that anyone wants to wade through all of them.
You may not need to use all the stock or you may need to add a little hot water.
But while Ms. Raitt was able to sustain a recording career for nearly two decades, other women from the same Southern California musical world won most of the glory.
Beginning in 1963 as Weeb Ewbank's successor in Baltimore, he won with Colt teams that had Unitas and Earl Morrall until stunned in Super Bowl III by the Joe Namath Jets, ancestors of the team the Dolphins meet today at Giants Stadium.
The company said that it expects a loss for the quarter.
Like Darlene, they are freelancers who have no ties to a pimp.
Understandably, then, Ms. Decter mentions but does not dwell on Roerich's controversial reputation as both a painter (some find his later work Disneyesque) and his political activities.
In any case, the mood now is quite different from that in 1980 and 1982, the last times the economy was weak in an election year.
Brister ignited the Steelers' ineffective offense - held without a touchdown in a 20-9 loss to Dallas on Aug. 24 - with an 18-yard scoring pass to Louis Lipps midway through the second period for a 7-3 lead.
In my opinion every policeman, fireman and soldier is a hero.
The situation became particularly embarrassing this year, when the state's credit rating was reduced to its lowest level ever.
They were said to have assurances that the plane would not be given intercontinental range, of Soviet agreement to include the bombers in the parallel talks on reducing conventional forces in Europe and of agreement on an overall ceiling on the weapons.
Shareholders would also have the option to convert up to 30 percent of their holdings directly into new common stock at the ratio of between 11 and 14 of the new shares for each share of old common.
Dial a number and the video screen in your wall becomes a window into the place you are calling.
'The Really Sad Part' Ms. Feliciano and Ms. D'Agata, he said, fabricated the story of racial statements by Mr. Mondello and other Bensonhurst youths.
"After all, Fortune's pages are down and it is the third book in the field," an executive at a rival publication said.
I'm thinking very clearly: how interesting, but I don't like this.
Jefferies left in the eighth with a strained left hip.
It is not hard to see why.
And thus we have instant classical office buildings with pasted-on pediments, mirror-glass Gothic, and Georgian houses in the suburbs masquerading as major architectural statements that are little different, in the end, from the builders' colonials that are still mass-produced all over the place.
He said he had been sentenced to up to life in prison at Elmira state prison, but did not say what he was convicted for or how long he was in prison.
With deference to Mr. Wiseman's technique, talent and conscientiousness, however, even his admirers may find the three hours to be less than riveting.
That was done by eliminating a constable position and cutting jobs and material from the public works budget.
Small shopkeepers, who have been stalwart supporters of the ruling Liberal Democratic Party, oppose liberalization of the distribution system.
The Baltic Factor American officials said they suspect there is a connection between the problems Mr. Gorbachev is confronting in the Baltics and the fact that during this week's discussions the Soviet side tried to backtrack on two arms control concessions made last February.
Therefore, for them, dance history could seem irrelevant.
In addition, the Police, Correction and Probation Departments, district attorneys and other criminal-justice agencies would be asked to trim from 1 percent to 5 percent of their budgets, but through internal productivity gains over the next two years.
''Japan is welcomed and feared.''
Thursday's performance - the program is to be repeated this afternoon and Sunday at 3 P.M. - represented a fruitful synthesis of Sir Georg's characteristic hard-edged insistence and Mr. Barenboim's broader, more Germanic approach.
The Virginia system established a police 800 number for gun dealers to telephone during a sale for background checks on the waiting purchaser.
Along a suburban highway, just a few hundred yards from the concert hall at the Westbury Music Fair, is a remnant of a quickly disappearing - and somewhat less highbrow - form of American popular culture: the drive-in movie.
But many Nagas remained dissatisfied, and fighting between Naga guerrillas and Indian forces resumed in 1972 and still continues.
While the 63-year-old Manhattan Democrat wins re-election to his Congressional seat with predictable regularity -- he is trying to do it again on Tuesday for an eighth term -- he has been defeated four times for election to a post dear to his heart, the chairmanship of the Congressional Arts Caucus.
American Entries Unlikely "Except for some research, almost all of the advanced work is now here," Dr. Heilmeier, now the chief technical officer of Texas Instruments in Dallas, said in Japan.
''I believe the marketplace has completely changed,'' he says.
In 1983, Disney had successfully launched ''Mickey's Christmas Carol,'' the first Mickey cartoon to run in theaters since a 1953 short; and it seemed time to rely on those familiar faces again.
Mr. Woodner began collecting in the 1950's, when he was already well established in his career.
The noise emanating from Mr. Clay's audience may be the collected, suddenly liberated guffaw of the frustrated.
Its net income slid 13.4 percent, to 155.6 billion yen, or $985 million.
'Ankle Gave Way' In mid-summer, Greenwell might have liked Boston's chances of making the playoffs, but he did not like his chances of being healthy enough to start his team's first game coming out of the All-Star Game break.
''She's soft, shy and quiet,'' said Kalman Ruttenstein, the store's senior vice president for fashion direction.
Prince Sihanouk issued a blistering telegram from Pyongyang, the North Korean capital, calling the American move ''an act of very grave injustice'' that offered ''a formidable reward'' to Vietnam and its ''traitorous'' ally in Phnom Penh, Prime Minister Hun Sen.
Under an agreement with Mayor Coleman A.
The curried chicken is good reheated, but if you plan to make it ahead and reheat it at serving time, cook it only 20 minutes initially, instead of 30 minutes.
The overcrowding comes despite the tremendous prison expansion program presided over by Governor Cuomo.
Although Republican negotiators have tentatively accepted other types of tax increases, like increases in excise taxes, and have discussed a variety of possibilities for increasing the tax burden on the wealthy, they have been adamant in opposing an actual increase in income tax rates.
For now, the Administration's plan for dealing with the gulf crisis is focused on diplomatic pressure and economic sanctions.
Mr. Bush said he supported proposals to have ''regular consultations among senior representatives of the C.S.C.E.
''The players union isn't saying don't work out, but I don't think they think it's best for the whole team to get together.''
He had hoped to work with players in the Yankees' minor league system, but the monthlong lockout prevented it.
A tattered paper sign declares the 111-year-old mission's purposes.
If there's a road, one must travel it into the misty distances.
He can catch the ball and break a tackle.
The majority leader, who keeps a jar of elephant-shaped animal crackers on his desk, is more conservative than the Rockefeller wing of the state Republican Party but is less ideologically zealous than many upstate legislators.
''If I had a kid, he could have caught that ball,'' Cary said angrily.
Mr. Shoemate, who is 50 years old, succeeds James R. Eiszner, who died Sept. 11.
Nevertheless, we reject the State's claim that in these poorer urban districts a thorough and efficient education has been or will be achieved.
It was no different with the Herculaneum robbery.
Anyone interested in learning what sort of man Harry Dexter White was need only read the statement of his creed in the transcript of his testimony that day.
It's got to convince the markets it's loosening, but only on a temporary basis.''
The current controversy began in late June, when Hall Thompson, the founder of Shoal Creek, said his club would not be pressured into admitting black members.
And the deadline to arrange financing for the $4.38 billion bid had to be extended for two months.
But I gathered from what he said that that is not going to happen.''
Not all potato dishes are new and flashy.
His father is the managing director of the Southeast United States and Caribbean regions of Pan American World Airways in Miami.
''He hasn't been influenced by the media concept of beauty.''
''That one and some of the others have moved from Westchester to San Francisco and then to New York.
Tune is one of the great director-choreographers of the musical stage.
While the panel will listen to testimony on Monday and Tuesday, it is mainly focusing on closed-session testimony by Mr. Keating's former chief lobbyist, James Grogan, scheduled to begin Dec. 17.
That bill, which is likely to be approved by the full House on Wednesday, would cut back on the Bush Administration's overall request.
His essays on other great British actors -- Mr. Richardson, John Gielgud and Alec Guinness -- are also studded with evocative descriptions of their craft.
The biggest contributors to the Iraqi war chest were Kuwait and Saudi Arabia.
''We were not a team that hung out together all the time,'' said Bob Bender, who transferred from prestigious Indiana to unproven Duke.
The December contract jumped as much as $10.80 before settling lower.
The framed 2-by-2 1/4-inch drawing is $825.
Having created modern contraception, having convinced the world of the importance of birth control, America has abdicated leadership in the field.
But that advantage may end once these devices reach the minimum size for practical use, said James L. Barlage, an analyst who follows the company for Smith Barney.
Odd steps and gestures -- the prehensile stretch of a leg and foot, for instance, or a curling run -- lead into odd sequences of dance in a moonblinded ritual for a reluctant priestess, danced hauntingly by Carol Parker as a kittenish tragedienne.
The weekly report showed crude supplies were down last week.
Chrondritic meteorites, which contain small near-spherical bodies called chrondules, make up the most abundant class of meteorites in the solar system.
Last March, Mr. Lane pointed out, Shearson sold part of the Boston Company to the American Express Company for $275 million, and the remaining entity, he speculated, is worth about $2 billion.
The truth is her life was closer to a nightmare.
It is a very different world that Mr. DiDomenica's opera entered this evening, when the Opera Company of Boston presented its premiere under the musical and artistic direction of the endlessly enterprising Sarah Caldwell.
The convict, Jerome Butler, who had spent about half his life behind bars, was given a lethal injection at 12:15 A.M. ''I just want to say I wish everybody a good life and things like that; everything is O.K.,'' he said.
But the remedy is not to scuttle the 1983 reform.
The Yankees got one run in the third on a single by Alvaro Espinoza, a groundout by Steve Sax and a single by Oscar Azocar.
Crude oil prices plunged, largely on a report that OPEC's production had soared to its highest level since 1981.
But as soon as this treaty is signed, the two sides can move to negotiate further cuts.
Karen Finley is the latest artist to be singled out in the continued attacks on the financing policies of the National Endowment for the Arts.
Besides the threats of greater inflation and international turmoil, two historical buying signals for gold, the analysts said precious metals were supported by a further decline in the dollar's value against other leading currencies.
The crowd, looking for answers to the cataclysm of the last four days in Rudbar, eagerly snapped up the copies.
Jordan can do it all.
The two-mile traverse became a two-month race against spring thaws.
''My personal views on the subject of abortion have been stated many times and should be, by now, fairly well known,'' the Governor said.
But the reason House Democrats did not do this from the beginning is that the Senate's 55 Democrats do not have the votes to pass a purely Democratic plan, because 60 votes are needed to stop a filibuster.
Giant's shares rose $1.125 each today, to $19.125, on the New York Stock Exchange.
He was stabbed about 9:15 P.M. after being beaten by two men with the gun, said Officer Janice Swinney, a police spokeswoman.
''During the 1870's, Renoir was already living in Montmartre,'' he said.
Applications for the next one are due in February.
A14 In arms talks, devil is in the details A14 Europeans still divided on European unity A14 Seven Arabs were shot and killed near Tel Aviv by a lone Israeli, provoking widespread Palestinian riots in the Israeli-occupied West Bank and Gaza Strip in which seven Palestinians were killed and at least 500 were wounded.
Yet the point of no return can eventually be reached.
The administration has not said what it would do in the event of a strike.
Moreover, Europe's loudest voice against sanctions has been Margaret Thatcher, who has been ousted as Britain's Prime Minister.
The group, the Revolutionary Homeless Organization, paraded on the edges of the crowd, carrying a banner that proclaimed in red paint, ''We the homeless rely on the people, not stinkin Dinkins and his lies.''
Starring Kevin Meaney trying to emulate John Candy.
The final essays in the book are on American politics, social trends and political thought.
Some pets fly in from Tennessee, Alabama and Oklahoma every six weeks for grooming.
''States are pitted against each other in a kind of destructive competition, but that is precisely what we sought to move away from 200 years ago when we tore up the Articles of Confederation.''
"We're getting tired of the status quo and so is the rest of the world," Mr. Bush said.
With a 10 percent stake, the United States would become the largest single member of the bank.
Congressional leaders predicted that the 101st Congress would end on Saturday, and senators and House members spent the day casting votes on issues ranging from military appropriations to farm subsidies to the safety of consumer products.
said Sherrill was never implicated in any wrongdoing.
A deservedly great favorite during the festival because it stays open after the opera.
I appreciate masculinity, and I recognize that women, like men, present themselves through masks.
(Six other Senators did not file a statement by the May 15 deadline and have been given extensions.)
Bernard C. Kovach, president and chief executive officer of Bill Communications, publishers of business magazines, died of a heart attack on Saturday while vacationing with his family in Plymouth, Vt.
A year earlier, the company earned $295.3 million on sales of $2.2 billion.
TO understand what has gone wrong with Donald J. Trump's empire, one need look no further than his least successful casino -Trump's Castle.
At a news conference this week, Mr. Tyminski voiced ambivalence about the imposition of martial law on Dec. 13, 1981, by Gen. Wojciech Jaruzelski, who is stepping down as President.
Years later he would recall how much he hated having to accompany her on the piano while she played the violin.
Yet it could not be denied that whatever chances the Mets still have of winning the National League East dwindled greatly.
What questions would a reasonable citizen or a reasonable senator want to ask before deciding whether to favor or oppose the legislation?
But it's not for the United States to set a timetable.
Oakland's sunnier weather - usually at least 5 degrees warmer than the other side of the bay - its gently sloping coastal topography and sheltered harbor suggest that this is where the leading City by the Bay should have been placed.
b-Included a one-time pre-tax expense provision of $575,000 relative to the sale of Business Information Services in 1988 and a reduction of same of $305,000 in 1989.
Managers are also uneasy - the issue of private property, for example, is unsettled.
He rides bikes, runs through the sprinkler, splashes in the heart-shaped whirlpool and jumps on the Andersons' water bed.
The greatest President, he wrote, was Franklin D. Roosevelt, ''a superb combination of Machiavelli's lion and fox.''
''Elegant and powerful'' is the modest way that Philippe Starck, the French designer, described the lobby he created as the hotel remained open.
Last year, the Giants found that Pepper Johnson had some of the same talents; Johnson now sometimes rushes the passer from the weak side (away from the opponents' tight end) while Taylor charges from the strong side, an instance of the scheme of adapting to a player.
Written by Thommie Walsh and Baayork Lee, two original company members, and Robert Viagas, a theater critic and editor, the book is a tribute to those dancers, but it also underscores Bennett's intemperate genius.
Given that such an agreement would open the Mexican and American markets to each other, President Salinas hinted that Japanese companies might find it attractive to use Mexico as a gateway to North America.
We find her in the Amazonian rain forest, or she might be gazing at an Antarctic iceberg and musing on its colors for our edification.
In cold weather Butler's Tray has a special appeal to retired couples like George and Betty Ashforth who are accustomed to dining out.
Civic Forum, the political movement of President Havel, is fielding candidates in 73 districts.
There was scant doubt that Mr. Bennett intended the return engagement to be even more of a night to remember.
In 1975, the building boom had abated but the tonsorial style in architecture was still flattop, and blank faced.
Mr. Bush will attend Dr. Walker's funeral on Tuesday, and he is also scheduled to take part that morning in a golf tournament and brunch to raise money for the Republican Governor of Maine, John McKernon.
''I think it's more mysterious without the face,'' she says.
He understood that I had the passion for it, the commitment -- that I understood it."
Grain and livestock prices were very good.
In recent years it has passsed an anti-smoking law that is more restrictive than New York State's, a ban on the use of plastic food containers and grocery bags and a law severely restricting the use of video-display terminals in the workplace.
But officials here said Mr. Hussein saw he was himself isolated and needed friends.
Analysts think an OPEC meeting would be exceptionally difficult because it would produce a dispute over who would represent Kuwait, among other problems.
In both cases, memories of World War II were clearly no factor: there were no consistent differences on these issues between the youngest Americans surveyed, those between 18 and 29, and the oldest, those over 64.
Before agreeing to sell Executive Life of New York, First Executive had long been rumored to be seeking a buyer.
Although Republicans never formally offered the proposal in budget negotiations with Democrats, its disclosure in news reports has produced a torrent of criticism from state and local officials while Democrats quietly gloat on the sidelines.
"Consistent with other reports we have received, many detainees said they were losing weight, that the food was poor and that with the approach of winter they were frequently cold," said a State Department spokesman, Richard A. Boucher.
The article ''Riverhead May Lose $300,000 Grant'' (Dec. 10) states incorrectly that I, Harold Smith, am the owner of the 1881 Vail-Leavitt Music Hall.
Deferred maintenance has left bell towers and cupolas, spires and stained glass treasures in poor and sometimes dangerous shape.
The Foreign Minister, Abu Hassan Omar, said representatives of the 15 countries will meet here June 1 to try to reach agreement on key economic issues.
You've got to have a let's go attitude against Jerry.
But squeezing Iraq economically is by no means a sure thing.
In addition to his wife, Mr. Castle is survived by two sisters, Rose LaVacca of Poughkeepsie, N.Y., and Julia Mauriello of Yonkers, and three brothers, John, of Yonkers, and Louis and Pat, both of the Bronx.
Nothing enhances the flavor of outlawry like having a captive, cowed audience.
Tom Seraydarian, the coordinator of the program for the university, said the one-year program would give instruction on topics like how the job market will be changing in the next few years, social work, health issues, labor relations, community relations and finance.
Barry Commoner, a leading environmental expert, said that theoretically wood even could be preferable to fossil fuels.
In Congress, Ms. Laya has cut a different figure, frequently bringing up problems that Venezuela's political establishment would prefer to sweep under the rug, like racial and sexual discrimination.
It does have a sort of A-B-A song form and you could stretch it and see a rondo in there.
The Quantum Self Human Nature and Consciousness Defined by the New Physics By Danah Zohar in collaboration with I. N. Marshall Illustrated.
Figures released by the Commerce Department confirmed an earlier estimate that the nation's output of goods and services had risen at an anemic 1.2 percent, or $12.2 billion, for the second quarter of 1990.
Her parents are high school guidance counselors, her father in Edison and her mother, Amy J.
In a later courtroom scene, a jury sings out its verdict, like a Greek chorus.
Anne Griffith, director of research for the Office Products Association, said she spends much of her time these days educating investment bankers about the office-supply market.
In Mr. Savage's first extensive response since a much-publicized campaign incident in Chicago on March 17, the Illinois Democrat invited Congressional colleagues and journalists to view excerpts from his videotaped speech and afterward maintained that he had made ''no anti-Semitic remarks.''
On the whole, however, either through Mr. Brubeck's overriding force of personality and technical skill or through a leveling gentleness - I would opt for the latter - the music sounds pretty much of a piece.
The fashion changes they have wrought are small.
Today's proposals represent the most important milestone in the deregulation of the long-distance telephone market since last July, when the F.C.C.
Institutions -- mostly pension funds, insurance companies and mutual funds -- now own an estimated 45 percent of all corporate stock, and have large majorities in some companies.
If a recession takes place, he said, the size and number of defaults could outstrip those in the 1981 recession because today only 25 percent of the junk bond market consists of the highest-rated issues, compared with 42 percent in 1982.
Warning labels now appear on many albums, but their wording and appearance varies.
The topping can be made several hours in advance but should not be refrigerated if possible, as this will diminish the flavor.
They met in a support group twice a week.
The partners calculate that only 30 of the 40 units have to be rented for the project to become profitable.
Each has a salary of $:625,000, or $1 million.
The only Division I-A colleges with longer series than the Texas-Texas A&M affair are Minnesota-Wisconsin (100) and Missouri-Kansas (99).
''Ghost,'' another film not overly intent on achieving a realistic style, finds one anyway in its early scenes depicting Patrick Swayze and Demi Moore as a vibrant young couple moving into a Manhattan loft.
At Quaker he rose to become president in 1947.
Two Deaths in One Month Mrs. L was never able to grieve for her father, Mrs. Fanslow-Brunjes said, because one month after his death Mrs. L's mother was diagnosed as terminally ill. She now needs to grieve for both parents.
To the Editor: In ''Bimbos Embody Retro Rage'' [June 17] , Janet Maslin identifies 11 ''summer'' films in which the role of women is limited to that of bimbo, temptress, mistress or hooker.
He is survived by his second wife, the former Selwa Showker, whom he married in 1950 and who was Chief of Protocol in the Reagan Administration; three sisters, Nancy Roosevelt Jackson of Manhattan, Edith Roosevelt of Washington and Theodora Roosevelt Rauchfuss of Patterson, N.C.; a son by his first marriage, Tweed Roosevelt of Boston; and three grandchildren.
''Don't eat anything that has sexual urges, that has a mother and father or that tries to run away from you.''
Japan's elaborate system of ''family registers'' - a permanent, official record of each person's ancestry - makes it almost impossible for a burakumin to conceal his origins, and therefore to work for a major company or marry outside his caste.
Governor Roemer said Louisiana would be able to manage, however unwillingly, the added burden because the recent increase in oil prices had bolstered the state's economy.
''It changes constantly and it's not for public knowledge.''
The key to the invention, according to the patent, is the use of a simplified approach to reconstructing words from code.
''I can say it is the beginning and there will be more good news in the pipeline.''
I'm both political but I've saluted a lot of Democrats" for efforts to fight drugs.
The second section, ''Exploring the Atlantic,'' attests to the trial and error that typified early navigation.
Both events are free - although visitors to Wave Hill pay the usual nominal admission fee to enter the gardens and grounds ($2 on weekends and holidays; $1 for the elderly and children 6 and older, and younger children free).
But these types are brazen, and unless the prospective hosts match them in this respect, they win out.
The concern about the spate of violence was just as strong in Boerum Hill, where Leonardo Laziza's mother said she did not feel any safer.
Scramble to Control Vacant Lots The battle for the lot pits them against other claimants to the common good.
''The sensitivity of the company might have been greater, and maybe the problems we see arise from a lack of competition,'' said Mr. Weiner.
Nekoosa Papers is a unit of the Great Northern Nekoosa Corporation, which the Georgia-Pacific Corporation took over in a $3.74 billion deal that was completed last month.
The president of the union that represents three of the at least six staff members in question said the Chinese Government was seeking to end their work at the Secretariat although they had been recommended for career appointments by their section and departments.
And it was my feeling and my understanding - I did not meet individually with him to any extent at all.
Brandon Tartikoff, the chairman of the NBC Entertainment Group and a self-confessed baseball fanatic, devised the NBC strategy - and revenge was at least part of his motivation.
And while Beijing may release more prisoners before the U.S. debate on trade privileges ends in June, it offers ''leniency'' only to those who recant pro-democracy views.
His mother, Helen Bubeck, is an underwriting supervisor at the General Accident Insurance Company in Melville, L.I.
Here are some of the companies.
Besides that, they will have no sense of competition and they will have a very low endurance level which will affect them as they grow up.
While people generally do grieve as a function of their personalities and their prior responses to loss, it would be unfortunate to conclude that individual and group support are mutually exclusive.
When the Yankee partners at a meeting yesterday in Cleveland named Robert Nederlander as the general partner of the team to replace George Steinbrenner, the first question was, ''Who?''
Her father owns and heads eight automobile dealerships bearing his name in Greenwich.
Of course, Army Times and the military have had disputes about stories.
The Capretz method, as it is called, aims at ''total immersion'' in the language, using print, audio and visual materials.
Saudi Arabia is likely to buy additional tanks as a result of the conflict.
''We knew him before this,'' said Lisa Olsen, 15, who was eating lunch with Kerri Martin, also 15.
In contemporary culture, no idea is so appealing, no word is put to more frequent and more varied use than "creativity."
Today, the restaurant is in full holiday regalia.
Suns 120 Celtics 99 PHOENIX (AP) - Kevin Johnson scored 31 points and Tom Chambers had 12 of his 25 during a 26-10 third-period run as Phoenix won its 14th consecutive home game.
Catherine M. Quigley, the Mayor of this Camden County community of about 5,000 people since 1986 died of cancer on Monday at her home here.
Weeks earlier there had been indications that Soviet officials would renege on their permission to hold the festival, which was sponsored by the American-Soviet Kino Initiative, a nonprofit wing of the Soviet Association of Film Makers, based in Moscow.
The point of the Nimzovichian 4 .
and the Defense Minister should also be members of the Communist Party Politburo, as now.
He was also masked in ''Les Folies d'Espagne,'' playing castanets while he danced and making their clickings serve as an obbligato to Marin Marais's score.
Proponents of the idea say that with time the organization could be adapted to the new function.
The Means of Last Resort ''It's not the best,'' he said.
Then he succeeded Vyacheslav M. Molotov as leader of the Soviet delegation to the United Nations General Assembly.
In the choicest neighborhoods, the rate is nearer 3 percent.
Because such buying is not broadly based, it might not be sustainable, the analysts said.
In the 1960's it may have expressed opposition to the country's Vietnam policies, or at least to the compulsory draft.
''If anybody believes my son did the right thing please sign,'' Ms. Lopez had written on the petition.
A struggle between the Spanish Army and Basque separatists.
More than 200 are beautifully reproduced in ART FOR THE LONDON UNDERGROUND: London Transport Posters, 1908 to the Present (Rizzoli, Paper, $29.95), by Oliver Green, who was the first curator of the London Transport Museum.
Tickets: $10, $20 and $25.
He went on to build phases 2 and 3 - the Kenilworth, in 1927, and the Cambridge, in 1929, each with about 200 apartments.
500, based on the index's 1989 year-end level of 343.80.
Soldiers captured an armed Jordanian soldier today after he had infiltrated into the occupied West Bank, approached an Israeli collective farm and hidden near a Palestinian village, the army said.
Mr. Wong wrote, ''There is no doubt in my mind of the irreparable damage to my rights as an actor that would be wrought if (at the threshold of the 21st century) Asian actors are kept from bringing their unique dignity to the specifically Asian roles in 'Miss Saigon,' and therefore to all racially specific roles in every future production which will look to the precedent 'Miss Saigon' is about to set as a concrete model.''
Then Mrs. Marcos, accompanied by friends, lawyers, her son, Ferdinand Jr., and a daughter, Irene, went to St. Patrick's Cathedral, where she walked on her knees down the center aisle in thankfulness and prayer.
Any longer and they will be bitter.
Within a month, the executives were sitting down for the first session.
The sordid true-life crime story that unfolds in the Finnish film ''Homebound'' would undoubtedly seem more riveting on the page, with a broader background, less matter-of-fact treatment and more attention to the story's undercurrents.
P. Mainali, head of Nepal's largest Communist Party faction.
''Everybody predicted this was going to happen.
The overall effect of these original tales is devastating.
Franco Moschino has a black and white fake fox jacket whose black collar forms a question mark dottedwith a fluffy black fur ball.
Hours for the 1816 Amanda Day House in Moodus, addresses, travel directions and other information may be obtained by calling 247-8996.
''Audience,'' a 55-minute, 1-act play written by Mr. Havel in 1974, is about an artist who is forced to become an assistant brewmaster under the former Communist regime.
Mr. Pavarotti, an avid soccer fan, was among them.
''He is regretful, and he is sorry.
Genentech shares rose 50 cents today, to $26.75, on the New York Stock Exchange.
''Those tend to correct over about the same amount of time.''
Bank stocks weakened as analysts reassessed their earnings forecasts in the wake of rising interest rates and their negative impact on earnings.
Availability The Fate Of the Works Rumors about the availability of the manuscripts quickened in 1988.
It is presented as a case history of how conflicts within a small country can influence relations among great powers.
Injuries Hurt Canadiens MONTREAL, April 24 (AP) - The Bruins are trying to guard against overconfidence, but the injury report today in the Montreal Canadiens' camp made Boston's propects of a playoff sweep look stronger.
There is more to look at here - well over 300 species of birds have been sighted at Etosha.
''If he's running well,'' Scott said, ''I'll let him play.''
Are the Soviets going broke?
A clerk at Videorama in Pelham, N.Y., reports that many people don't know what letter boxing is and ask why there are lines above and below the picture.
He ordered a new trial.
Is this a good idea or could there be a problem with toxic fumes in case of fire?
Germany completed its reunification, the Soviet Union stumbled closer to collapse, the community took a big step toward creating a single currency and the cold war came to an official end with new agreements signed in Paris last month.
Referring to the publisher, Mr. Bennett said: ''These were very hungry fish at Piranha Press who were allowed to engage in a feeding frenzy while responsible organizations thought they were buying traditional honoraria events, and, unfortunately, the evidence shows that Senator Durenberger allowed himself and his office to be used as bait - and got $100,000 for his trouble.''
The menu reaches toward France with sweet lobster in old-fashioned Nantua sauce, a creamy, rosemary-scented sweetbread ragout and pan-fried duck and duck confit in a cassis-sweetened glaze.
As the poorest members of the community, they fear that aid programs for Eastern Europe could divert resources that might otherwise go to their most backward regions.
Bushes and flowers will be the homeowner's responsibility, but there will be a common charge for lawn mowing and snow removal "so that we don't have the occasional unsightly yard," said Mr. Effren.
It parades an array of wall surfaces (sponged glazing, semi-gloss paint, trompe-l'oeil limestone, fabric-covered panels), wood treatments (including faux marbre and five-color spatter paint) and ceiling paint finishes, from flat (the least expensive, at about $1,000 for an average room) to high-gloss (the most expensive, starting at $2,500). ''
Why is he eating Fritos?
They are not seen as socially distorted humans.
"Our personnel, whether Jewish, Christian or any other faith, are free to practice their religion as long as they do so in a discreet manner."
Her agency is one of the main private organizations helping immigrants settle in Israel; its president is Natan Sharansky, the Soviet human rights campaigner who immigrated here.
You cannot ignore philosophy and by doing so you ignore politics.
When Whitfield's solo comes on, everyone leans forward, as if to hear better.
When he was Surgeon General, Dr. C. Everett Koop wanted to have boxing eliminated from the Olympics, but that failed.
The researchers said they were extremely encouraged by results of the animal experiments.
If George Nicolau, the arbitrator who on Monday awarded the players $102.5 million for lost salary in the 1987 and 1988 seasons, awards a similar amount for lost salary last year and this year and interest is then added, the overall total would be around $266 million, or more than $10 million a club.
''Once you get used to looking at a book in one of these cases, it doesn't look well any place else,'' she said.
In the 1960's, Andre Courreges showed how effective all-white dressing could be.
The nucleus of the team has played together for three seasons.
In addition, he said, the department will be installing a toll-free hot line that motorists can call with questions or complaints.
Nearly two years after the 1988 presidential campaign, for instance, the party says it still has no idea how much was spent to elect Mr. Salinas in the most hotly contested presidential vote in modern Mexican history.
''We didn't want to take any chances,'' he said.
Despite a slow start for Tyson after he arrived in Tokyo almost a month ago, his training had become more vigorous in the past several weeks, especially after he was floored with a solid punch from Greg Page, one of his sparring partners and a potential future opponent.
''But you somehow find yourself when called upon to fulfill duties that you yourself and perhaps many others do not feel you capable of.''
And Vick will be replaced by Brad Baxter, who was drafted last year by the Minnesota Vikings in the 11th round, then was picked up by the Jets and spent the year on their developmental squad.
Puerto Rico's jibaro (rural) music grew up when campesinos working on farms were exposed to European dances; they borrowed Spanish verse forms and reorchestrated the music for informal, hand-held instruments: guitars and percussion.
When it emerged that Panama had none, the Air Force said the F-117A was selected over other aircraft because pinpoint accuracy was essential.
The condition is similar to the toxic shock epidemic from staphylococcal infections that struck women who used a certain kind of tampon in the early 1980's.
Konrad Weiss, a member of Democracy Now, the East German opposition group, wrote in an open letter to Mr. Kohl that ''you have clearly favored the Communists and their representatives while neglecting opposition groups.''
The tour, which asks for a $1 contribution to help care for the trees in the park, will make stops at interesting points along the way to the East River near the South Street Seaport, to see the sun rise out of Brooklyn across the bay.
''Most of our managers attend a corporate school not once, but several times during the course of their careers.''
Or, as with high-definition television, will the United States, Europe and Japan develop separate systems to help their own industries?
Professor Blake and others, among them Cynthia Jenkins, a Queens member of the State Assembly, said they would continue efforts to force Mr. Katzman's removal.
Year-ago results are restated to reflect discontinued operations.
Next, use petroleum jelly to lubricate the new O-rings that fit around the faucet body and roll them into their grooves.
As Dr. P. Roy Vagelos, Merck's chairman, had predicted, earnings growth slipped at the end of last year, after increasing by 25.2 percent in the third quarter.
The tumultuous events of Eastern Europe in recent weeks have given rise to capitalist hopes, and many small investors have rushed to buy shares of companies that they expect to profit from trade with East Germany, Poland, Hungary and other East bloc nations.
Now that the Grand Army Plaza/Pulitzer Fountain Parternship has achieved its stated objective of stimulating private philanthropy to restore the plaza, here's a new task for it: Find a way to fix the General Motors Building.
Be sure to follow up any punishment with help in developing ways to pass such a test without cheating.
For example, if a black defendant faces death for killing a policeman, the state could show that all cop-killers in that county get the chair, irrespective of the race of victim or accused.
Hoge shrugged off tackle attempts by Al Smith, John Grimsley and Bubba McDowell before he was pushed out of bounds by Donaldson at the Oilers 27.
He added that Senator Mack Mattingly, Republican of Georgia, also supported the appointment of Mr. Henkel, a Georgia constituent.
He said he had not consciously unlocked the catch or cocked the gun.
And as Republican challengers for House seats began arriving from around the country for a long-scheduled meeting with Mr. Bush at the White House on Thursday, at least one said he would tell him off.
(Oct. 7), having been asked that question many times about my plays and novels, I have finally come up with an answer: "If I told you they were all made up, you'd feel cheated.
Total investment income must be more than $500 and less than $5,000 for children to be taxed at their own rate.
Storms Pummel New York State By The Associated Press Powerful storms roared across upstate New York Tuesday night and early yesterday, uprooting trees, damaging buildings, flooding roads and knocking out electricity to thousands of people.
Not, to be sure, this particular biography.
All I knew the morning after was that I'd fed Blue.
Don Slaught hit his first National League home run with two outs in the fourth.
Testimony on Suffering Earlier, Mr. Abbott clashed with Wayne Larsen, who was the prosecution's star witness at his trial in which a jury convicted him of first-degree manslaughter.
''Now we know it really is a couples' problem,'' says Dr. Marc Goldstein, director of the male reproduction and microsurgery unit at New York Hospital-Cornell Medical Center.
He was, in other words, the kind of hearty community booster who, generations later, might joke at the mike at the noontime meeting of Kiwanis or the Rotary Club.
Mr. Mandela, who will make a similar trip, is expected to ask that sanctions remain intact for the time being.
A Pentagon spokesman also declined to comment.
To the south of the older AIDS belt, Zimbabwe discouraged research and publication of data until a few months ago.
This is partly because the consensus is based on achieving only the modest objective of forcing Iraq to withdraw from Kuwait; it could easily collapse if pressed to do more than that.
Technically, the money represents an exchange of assets.
Today, Eastern Europe is again Central Europe - which it has always been historically, culturally and philosophically.
Rehabilitation has to start with plants that can survive in poisoned soil, and that is very difficult.''
Most dangerous was Gretzky, who finished the game with two assists and spent the third period cruising the New York side of the rink, darting to and fro and deftly feeding soft passes to the tape of his teammates' sticks.
For instance, if it is rented out for 300 days and used by the owner for 40 days it is deemed personal-use property; if it is rented for 300 days and used for 30 days or less by the owner it becomes investment property.
''It weighed a couple hundred pounds.''
He meant the afternoon when the four survivors of the college basketball tournament are put together in one clean, well-lighted place, and allowed to go at each other.
It is estimated that one in 30 Jews of Eastern European, or Ashkenazic, extraction are carriers of the gene.
An artist's sketch, circa 1840, of the young Queen Victoria astride her horse, with a plumed helmet and dashing cape, makes her appear a mere slip of a girl.
In the case of Culture 1.0, the underlying information and essays have been compiled over the last 20 years by Dr. Walter Reinhold, a professor of music history and the humanities at New York University.
The characters' sexual abandon is so complete that it robs the story of any shape.
He died of complications of Parkinson's disease, his stepdaughter, Joan Lightbourn of Nassau, the Bahamas, said.
When the months of the year were represented on church portals by the agricultural leleararJaJaarary's task frequently was the killing of a hog.
Others are Howard Schnellenberger of Louisville and John Mackovic of Illinois, both former National Football League head coaches.
From their first encounter, Benedick and Beatrice are berating each other - which, to everyone else, makes it plain that they are in love.
Does that leave the Bills as New York's Team, the way the Dallas Cowboys once were allegedly America's Team?
After designing a successful program to aid Washington's poor blacks, Youth Pride, Inc, he won election to the city's Board of Education and served two terms as its president, in 1972 and 1974.
Possibly Mr. Cooper underrates the Jackson and Lincoln generations in the claims he makes for his favorite epoch, but nobody is likely to hold that very savagely against him.
from provisions of a bill that would remove most current restrictions on political activies by Federal workers.
With Gimbels gone for almost five years, A.&S.
Then it is viewed under an ultraviolet light in a dark room so that any dye in the cracks shows clearly to the naked eye.
The amount of the minimum distribution is actuarily determined, based on the recipient's life expectancy.
Just slap the ears on top of the Empire State Building.
If Series 1 bombs, ''that means she does Series 2,'' she said.
As in ''A Chorus Line,'' the dances aren't just icing on the cake in ''Grand Hotel,'' which was nominated for 12 Tonys, including those for best choreography and direction, for Tommy Tune.
The public should demand a single constitutional amendment that subjects every public office from the President to the town council to the same 12-year limit.
Scott, Foresman & Company bought Morrow in 1967 and sold it to Hearst in 1971.
''The little black dress in girdle fabrics - it's everywhere,'' was the refrain at the Patricia Field showroom.
A senior Admininstration official also said prospects for a release by Friday appear to be ''very good.''
''The brilliant Carter Dickson is at his brilliant best,'' Kay Irvin said here in 1939.
Mullen raced inside the Philadelphia blue line, pulled up and put the puck through his legs in one motion and then, with Flyers converging at his feet, sent the puck on a long arc across the zone.
Dash said, will be a Legislature of newcomers and lame ducks.
Harris is 6 feet tall and lanky.
There were two brothers, two Jews and two 'Aryans' .
Patrik Sundstrom opened the scoring on the first organized attack and first shot in the game for the Devils.
And even with stabilization, deficits mean rising debt.
Over the last two years, applications from Peruvians seeking visas to go to the United States as tourists have nearly doubled, from 54,698 in fiscal 1988 to an estimated 104,500 this year.
That would amount to a notable fiscal achievement.
Most tourists go on organized drives with half a dozen or so passengers, using a Kenyan driver who knows the animals and the terrain.
''I don't think the layoffs jeopardize the news coverage, but they hurt news coverage somewhat,'' said Mr. Butler, who added that such projects as the study of race relations in New Haven were the kind of luxuries that would have to be sacrificed.
They've been asking us, 'Who are the stars?'
Brought up from the minors two weeks ago to be a spark, Richter has for the moment become the stopper.
If the United States is going to encourage other nations to pursue their right to self-determination, it must practice what it preaches.
The techniques, by and large, are hardly revolutionary.
A Frequent Guest Player Mr. Nyfenger was heard frequently in chamber music performances as a guest of the Guarneri String Quartet, the Composers String Quartet and other ensembles.
No matter your choice, save room for the restaurant's parting gift, a sophisticated and irresistible version of almond pralines.
On this trip, he was accompanied by Carol A. Schlichner, his crew leader.
For example, after eight weeks of strength training, 92-year-old Dorothy Tishler of Boston said she was able to walk faster than her 70-year-old daughter.
The plan would have a direct impact on five schools, two of them along the banks of that stretch of parkway.
''They are brachycephalic, web-footed cretins who ought to be in an institution learning how to make brooms.''
''The public safety end of any city government has to be the first to clean their own house,'' Chief Lariccia said.
Either style does wonders for showing off a pair of patterned stockings, knee-high boots or Lycra stretch pants.
It is necessary to spot the problem well in advance and act - preferably before the opponent thinks about it, certainly before it becomes a nice picture in a book.
The photo of a nun praying in front of a closed Holy Sepulcher and the caption on the second photo noting that the shrine was closed for the first time in 800 years falsely insinuated that Israel bears responsibility for violating Christian freedom of worship and closure of the shrine.
They believe that in its tremendous mass they may find clues to forces responsible for the clustering of matter in the universe.
It shows the police mentality at work in a police state anywhere.
Breaking of Silence The speech is one of the few times that Mr. Dukakis, who is in his last year as Governor of Massachusetts, has publicly addressed the 1988 Presidential campaign, in which George Bush made effective use of a series of television advertisements depicting his Democratic opponent as a coddler of criminals, among other things.
But in some districts, he will find in a few years that money isn't enough.
"My feeling is that we have been dumped on by the Federal Government," Mrs. Slater said.
''You can have two favorite teams,'' Elaine Weddington insists.
Mr. Mandela declined to appear with President de Klerk to talk to reporters after their meeting.
Nicaragua used to get large amounts of oil from Mexico and Venezuela, but the supplies were cut off because Managua did not keep up with its payments, the Administration said.
But markets in South Korea, which is not a party to Cites, and China, which is a party but refused to accept the ban, could encourage continued poaching.
''All of the goods you see in the country are coming in without paying any taxes.
First, an awful lot has been done to reduce deficits, something very easy to forget until it is recounted to us in detail.
But Medicaid payments will be substantially less than Medicare, and neither program will pay for his care outside an institution.
Mrs. Novikov said that each day her husband was up at 7 A.M., walking the streets, watching people, looking in windows, amazed at the width of the avenues.
leaders here today, ''so that when he comes to Washington at the end of the month he will be more popular than he has ever been in his life.''
The military Government is forcing them from the nation's cities to ill-prepared satellite towns.
But without a choice, we have to make some use of that asset.''
The hassle we got from the Internal Revenue Service and the Army (my father was a retired officer) was unbelievable.
The fact that he is talking to Mr. Darman, Mr. Gingrich says, should not be overestimated.
From the black exterior, however, you can see that this rectangular bar is hollow, and it becomes a lens through which it is possible to see through the heart of the sculpture and gallery.
He forecast economic growth of 1.5 percent to 2 percent for 1990 and 1.75 percent to 2.5 percent next year.
The settlement ended a lawsuit for medical malpractice and civil rights violations against the medical center.
''No opposition candidate may mount a viable challenge to the entrenched I.B.T.
The company said it had a gain of $11.4 million in 1989 from the sale of non-core assets.
(AP) Jazz 131, Clippers 102: Karl Malone scored 31 points yesterday afternoon in Salt Lake City and Jeff Malone added 29, including 16 in the third quarter, as the Utah Jazz won for the 11th time in 14 games.
After the symposium, an exhibition of historic and recent photographs of Grand Army Plaza will open.
And I believe that it is vital and critical for all to know and keep in mind as we do these proceedings that Canon 3A6 of that code provides that, quote, ''a judge should abstain from public comment about a pending or impending procedure in any court.''
The bank did not expect its financing costs to be significantly affected by the rating change on its subordinated debt.
"I don't think any agency can claim that kind of reduction."
Evidently enjoying that kind of challenge, he sets his second act in a funeral home.
''This is not goodbye forever.
The pellets have the approximate density of lead pellets, but they could be made even heavier because tungsten's specific gravity is much greater than that of lead.
This argument has been made many times and has been debunked in technical and popular books.
Her husband is a son of Bernice C. Greenberg of Miami Beach and the late Mortimer J. Greenberg.
And Turner will have Sunday nights in the first half.
''There's got to be more to the N.B.A.
The parade, on Fifth Avenue between 44th and 86th Streets, with 37,000 marchers, had 37 bands, 12 floats and numerous Italian-American groups.
One of the stories within a story is an imitation of Nabokov - unless indeed it is the half-remembered story by Nabokov the narrator claims it is, for Mr. Maruya is a very foxy writer.
A musical drama, ''Sheila's Day,'' opens July 11 and continues through Aug. 5.
said that at the board's March 17 meeting, the three directors, who unanimously approved the sale, were told that with regards to Mr. Fail, ''as far as we know he is clean,'' and the best bidder.
Mrs. Hill, 27 years old, is to become a marketing manager for the Amex Life Assurance Company in San Francisco in the fall.
The new group will provide personal computer makers, who join for a fee, with technical data on the Micro Channel architecture and will promote its use as an industry standard.
JOHN BRYAN of Pownal, Me., calls himself an artist in wood.
The man's wife had no biological ties to the child.
Though Dora's family had attained a measure of wealth and social standing -- her father, Philipp, owned several lucrative textile mills in Bohemia -- Ms. Decker notes that Jews in Austria led a precarious existence, devoid of real emotional or financial security.
''Young women and senior citizens are going to wind up paying more,'' Mr. Zecker said, because they will be subsidizing the statistically more accident-prone young single men.
Visibly Relieved Mr. Keating, whose lawyers had told him to expect fierce personal attacks, seemed visibly relieved by the judge's tone and at one point fought back tears as he recalled his early days in business.
Or, if legislation does emerge, President Bush might well veto it.
Move Appalls Grandmasters The disaster occurred after Kasparov's erroneous 27 .
The bride, 26 years old, is an associate in leveraged funding at Heller Financial in New York.
The closings, which will cost billions of dollars, resulted in a $1.98 billion loss, the company's biggest ever.
He released Mrs. Moody, 28, on $250,000 bail but set conditions.
At 354 West 45th Street.
The current president is Gordon E. Crosby Jr., who is also the company's long-tenured chairman and chief executive.
As in the case of NASA's failure to respond to evidence that seals in Challenger's booster rockets were flawed, Mr. Mangus said, the flaws in the manufacture of the 94 1/2-inch telescope in 1980 and 1981 can be partly traced to a management climate in which engineers were discouraged from bringing potential problems to the attention of their superiors.
Now, Saturday night is the homiest night of the week.
If one did not know how closely Bernstein identified with Mahler, would it suggest so poignantly the sadness of a Mahlerian adagio?
Mr. Latif, a former permanent head of Pakistan's Ministry of Information and Broadcasting, who had also been an executive with the E.M.I.
My special thanks to the men, the ministers who have come in fellowship and prayer with me this morning.
You can outwork the best player in the world.''
''I was just in China, where they'll take you around mountain formations and point out various heads.
LaFontaine isn't the only significant absentee.
The developments today were surprising but also typical of the often stormy relationship between Winfield and Steinbrenner, the Yankees' principal owner, a relationship that has been played out over a decade in screaming headlines and even a court battle.
Its insistence that it withdrew from the talks to protest the Sebokeng incident has not dampened speculation, even among some supporters here, that it is trying to buy more time to consolidate support at the grass roots.
Overtime, the police said, amounted to $25,000.
At a court hearing this month in Los Angeles, Dr. Alvarez testified that one of his abductors in Mexico identified himself as an agent of the Drug Enforcement Administration.
''But the reality is that our employees work a five-day, 45-hour week.''
In works like ''Autumn Landscape,'' for example, Ryder sets before the viewer a broad plain, the vista broken by a lone tree at the right edge of the canvas and a solitary figure standing beside it, staring into the distance.
Federal law stipulates that the count be given to the President by the end of the year.
Our experience in northern Westchester was that they tucked their paltry and unpredictable supply at the end of the produce aisle, requiring a shopper to return the other bananas.
In a second indictment, the grand jury accused a classmate of the four, Mari C. Ferraez, 19, of Glen Ridge, of tampering with a witness and obstructing the administration of law in tape-recording three conversations in which Miss Ferraez and the girl discussed the incident.
Spring Workshops, Clark Garden, 193 I. U. Willets Road off Glen Cove Road, Albertson, L.I.
At other hours they lease time to foreign-language broadcasters and community groups.
He divided his time among the three medical centers.
"Until he hears official word from the American Embassy that there's a rendezvous point and a time when they will be leaving for the airport, he won't budge -- and I wouldn't want him to."
His father is the president of Bioquant Inc., a manufacturers of medical diagnostic devices in Ann Arbor.
He said that lawyers' fees might consume the equity in American Continental.
Dr. Logan, who is no longer associated with Dr. Alonso, said he was pleased with the results so far.
Here he is, brimming with plans for Avon Products Inc., the direct-sales beauty company he has run for the last two years.
D'Amato, R-N.Y., no; Danforth, R-Mo., no; Daschle, D-S.D., yes; DeConcini, D-Ariz., yes; Dixon, D-Ill., yes; Dodd, D-Conn., yes; Dole, R-Kan., no; Domenici, R-N.M., no; Durenberger, R-Minn., no.
What role does the group play in the environmental movement, and does it make a difference?
As fashion happenings go, the DKNY fall show on Friday was different, down to the catalogue - showing a woman smoking a cigar on the cover - that described the look as ''Undressed.
Support for Kuwait More important, oil experts point out, Kuwait has the tacit support of other conservative Arab producers, like the United Arab Emirates and Saudi Arabia, which also have considerable excess capacity to produce more oil above their current levels of 2 million and 5.5 million barrels a day, respectively.
"I hope they are not thinking that," Neilson said of his team.
Tomorrow night's show at the Knitting Factory, 47 East Houston Street, will start at 9.
NEW ENGLAND SPRING FLOWER SHOW, Boston, March 10 through March 18, Bayside Exposition Center, Exit 15, Southeast Expressway (Route 93), 10 A.M. to 10 P.M. Monday through Saturday; until 8 P.M. Sunday.
The place is the Cambridge Discovery Information Booth in the center of Harvard Square, open from 9 A.M. to 5 P.M. six days a week and from 1 to 5 P.M. on Sunday.
''That's why he went out there,'' Baylor said, referring to Gooden's charge to the mound a week ago.
Elsewhere in Brazil Colaco Galeria de Arte, 129 Rua Maria Angelica, Botafogo, Rio de Janeiro; 286-5515.
The Florio plan is for the most part silent on the issue of corporate taxes.
The Administration's statement in a filing in Federal District Court that it did not request such deletions indicates that the tape is ready to be played at Mr. Poindexter's trial, which is scheduled to begin March 5.
List's saw a wax model of him on the television program ''America's Most Wanted,'' and called in to report him.
In a separate matter, the New York Stock Exchange fined First Boston $60,000 yesterday for failing to prevent its traders from entering orders in 1986 in a stock on which the company had inside information.
The company had said only that it would send teams to Alaska to assess what needed to be done and would abide by ''any reasonable request'' from the Coast Guard.
'The Best Bill' Senator John W. Warner of Virginia, the ranking Republican on the Senate Armed Services Committee, said conversations with top White House officials had led him to expect Mr. Bush to sign the bill.
Joseph F. Brennan, a staff lawyer for the Connecticut Business and Industry Association, said the group is preparing a mailing to its members explaining the amnesty and some of the intricacies of the state's tax law.
The reason so many young people are ruined by drugs or senseless violence, according to Robert Bly (who is well known for his verse as well as for his recent forays into the reconstruction of the male psyche), is that to grow up as a wholesome adult one needs not only material comforts but the wise guidance of one's elders; and that is becoming increasingly scarce.
The new paper, which the company said might be expanded to other markets if it is successful in New York, will be sold for $1.25 a copy - half the price of The Racing Form.
The truculence and anguish of ''Fault'' were so totally arbitrary that the dance was more interesting for its choreographic cleverness than for its insights into aggression.
That is why I am so deeply disappointed that this attempt at constitutional reform has failed.
*Municipal Bond Index, The Bond Buyer Salomon Brothers estimates for belwether issues.
In the long run, that probably helps us; I don't mind it.
Team owners aren't going to bar reporters from locker rooms since those writers serve as their shills.
But it is untrue that ''in his next, and final, major league plate appearance, he popped out in the seventh inning of Game 7.''
Whenever that happened, Jack gave it more of the same, drifting, skating and twitching the fly past its nose, 5, 10 or 15 times, before focusing on another fish after it failed to respond.
For years a semi-recluse in San Francisco, so private that she refused to return to a restaurant if she was recognized, Rice has begun since coming back to New Orleans to shape a more social life for herself - family reunions, opening her house to a historical-society tour and giving dinner parties.
UNCLE BUCK - ''John Candy is at his best when he is being crafty and .
Six-Month Test To test the cigarette, Reynolds picked Philadelphia, which has about a 40 percent black population.
Lester R. Brown Mr. Brown is president of Worldwatch Institute, an environmental policy and research group.
Statistics were secret because secrecy was one of the ways of hiding how bad the situation was.''
Trans World Airlines said it would add a surcharge of $5 on flights under 500 miles and $10 on longer flights, but it also said it would match fare cuts by Eastern Airlines.
The successor, as now envisioned, would fly at almost 2.5 times the speed of sound.
This year the 10 players who have lost nevertheless had their salaries rise by an aggregate 110 percent, the largest increase ever for the losing players.
#5,000 Alumni Attend Nearly 5,000 former members of the troupe gathered here this week.
A 3,000-Bee Swarm The relaxed response is likely to change as the bees become more prevalent and as stings are reported.
It took a long time getting dressed for school, buttoning knickers, tying ties, lacing shoes plus all the other things.
Pages 12 and 13 were laments from Brazil, plus commentary from somebody named Pele, who seems to know a bit about soccer.
They called him "lackadaisical" and "a racist" who presented a weak case.
An opinion poll by Polish television indicated last week that Mr. Mazowiecki would be a distant second in the six-candidate field, but that he would lead Mr. Walesa 39 to 36 percent in a runoff.
A contract was ordered, but because Bill saw that the publisher didn't do what it had done with his two previous books, he told me to withdraw from the deal.''
When Dr. Ellis asked who supported and who opposed the law, he found that opposition ran 9 to 1.
Douglas, a 29-year-old who was given little chance against the seemingly invincible champion, methodically pummeled Tyson round after round, and ended the bout in the 10th round with a savage combination of punches that left Tyson senseless and barely able to get to all fours.
Mr. Lee pledged in a statement to work for constitutional democracy, economic progress, social order and stability.
The Cray Research Corporation has retained its title as maker of the world's fastest computer in a new set of measurements conducted by the Center for Supercomputing Research and Development at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
A Government survey found that 60 percent of the people, most of them in far-flung rural areas, earned less than 200 pula (about $100) a year.
No specific estimates of the various steps' costs were given.
''They are actually competing to lend in poor neighborhoods.''
Asked if she would ever visit China again, she shook her head: "No, I will not go back unless there are profound changes there.
John Prescott, a reporter for Lloyds List International, a newspaper that specializes in shipping, insurance, trade, energy and finance, said he had been told by people in the shipping industry that three vessels waiting to unload at Aqaba were carrying Iraqi-bound cargoes.
Under the law, a person could legally burn the flag out in a field, for example, but would be liable to prosecuton if he burned the flag in front of a veterans' parade.
On her way, she stopped to proffer a gift to every child in sight, thinking it might be the right one.
We also taught as adjunct faculty at all the schools named above and once again made offers to the best students we saw.
The annual round of fall boat shows, which begins with a major trade exhibit in Boston this weekend, brings with it grim forecasts for the marine industry.
The teams they joined, in ascending order, are Ohio State (626), Oklahoma (628), Nebraska (635), Penn State (637), Alabama (651), Texas (661), Notre Dame (683) and Michigan (703).
''But frankly, I don't know if it's right for us.
''The 49ers were far superior.
Waldorf Hotel (Aldwych; 836 2400) also has a Palm Court, where tea, $16.65, is served from 3:30 to 6:30 P.M. each day.
'I Feel Cheated' Another of the frequent complaints among student-athletes at Division I schools, according to the American Institutes of Research surveys, was that athletes had little time to play a role in the student life of their universities.
New Digital Tape Recorder Philips is developing a recorder that will also be able to play conventional cassettes.
Like Red Wing, this town is a treasure house of Victorian architecture; several are now bed-and-breakfasts.
But as an unusual silence fell on the streets of the capital, there was widespread anxiety about the country's political future, created by contradictory signals sent by the council.
Football is a frozen game of ephemeral elegance, the heroics complex and interdependent.
The essence of Mr. Wolfe's argument is that American literature in the last half of this century has gone down the tube of navel-gazing, neo-fabulism, magic realism, absurdism and so on - that no one is writing about the age we live in - and that the only way to rescue it is through a return to realism of a 19th-century order, writing akin to that of Dickens, Trollope, Thackeray, Zola and Balzac.
Viewing hours for Roman figure of Dionysus and the Hunts' antiquities: 10 A.M. to 5 P.M. today and tomorrow; 1 to 5 P.M. Sunday; 10 A.M. to 5 P.M. Monday; 10 A.M. to noon Tuesday; the Dionysus remains on view until 3 P.M. Tuesday.
In retrospect, I wish I had spent more time on issues that were more crucial.
and its occupants on a military base in the West.
To be obscene, material ''taken as a whole'' must appeal to ''prurient interest,'' must have ''no serious literary, artistic, political, or scientific value'' and must offer ''patently offensive depictions or descriptions of specific sexual conduct.''
"Live From Lincoln Center" is produced jointly by Lincoln Center and WNET, the major New York public television station, on an annual budget of $2 million for six broadcasts, said John Goberman, the producer.
''Our Consul General in Hong Kong issued a statement to the Association saying this in 1970.''
''I went out to pitch my game,'' he said, ''but I didn't get it done.
In fact, Mr. Schwarzenegger's character is a bit like the entirely pretechnological figure from the parable of Chuang-tzu, the ancient Chinese philosopher, in which a man wakes up having dreamed he was a butterfly, and then asks, ''Am I a man who dreamed he was a butterfly, or am I a butterfly dreaming that he is a man?''
It is also charged with considering environmental issues that cut across several departments or that affect only one department but could benefit from a broader perspective.
"Our filly's as good right now as we could ask."
But it has created problems that a governor locked in a tight race does not need.
The past decade in particular has seen an explosion of scholarship on Freud and psychoanalytic history.
But we said, 'Let's take a broader look that would allow us to embrace the entertainment-related use as opposed to grudgingly accepting it.'
And, Ribbs admits, one giant step remains: finding a sponsor to allow his team, Raynor-Cosby Racing, to buy decent equipment.
Your review speaks of the "strong Czechoslovak contingent" in "Anxious Visions."
It read: ''I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'll never make a mistake like that ever again.''
That ingredient is guar gum, which is extracted from plant matter.
Last September, in Barcelona, Spain, he placed a close second in the World Cup 1,500 meters, and he was ranked fifth in the world in the event for the year.
Hegeman countered that the narrow response limits of amplifiers at that time actually reflected distorting waves back into the audible range - somewhat as a sea wall throws back the surf.
With "The Civil War" on one end and show-biz style specials on the other, television once again showed its range and its potential, for better and, all too commonly, for worse.
So until she was 18, Kitty Dickson thought her real grandmother was only her mother's former nanny.
Adjacent to the square is the massive St. Nicholas Cathedral, built between 1701 and 1707.
As a response to public pressure, if nothing else, Congress is clearly moving toward some kind of action on campaign finance.
Luis Santacruz Echeverri, accused of handling the United States end of shipments, pleaded guilty to 49 counts.
But those characters in ''Ordinary Money'' who pursue the ideal can be very crazy as well as ''very sane.''
His last letters to Mrs. St. Just reverberate with loneliness, anxiety and an insistent preoccupation with mortality.
Its shares tumbled 58.6 percent in the quarter, to $7.625, closing at $5.375.
The groups questioned Mr. Crispino's experience for the post, campaign contributions that he has received from the real-estate industry and his ability to devote time to what most expect to be an all-consuming assignment.
With Atlanta getting the Games, it just shows me that I don't have to be governor to help do that.''
This is equivalent to the United States' absorbing 60 million immigrants in three to five years."
Earnings per share reached a high of $2.87 in 1985, and the share price peaked in early 1986, about the time those figures were announced, at $19.25.
''As we moved from station to station, from 33d Street to 86th Street, each tile frieze was different,'' said Ms. Eno, who works at Butler Rogers Baskett, an architectural firm in Manhattan.
Cobamong is the Algonquin Indian term for beautiful hidden valley, in this case approximately a dozen acres in Armonk where, in Mr. Nierenberg's words, ''my goal is to capture the individuality of this garden.''
Slick Leonard, who lost some games there, used to suspect Auerbach had something to do with the great white rats that scampered only in the visitors' den, but that's going a bit far, don't you think?
Once I was, by virtue of my motherhood, a powerful woman.
It can also be fewer cases of aberrant behavior.
In his statement today, Mr. de Klerk appeared intent on establishing that he was not personally tainted.
His action fulfilled a promise in March to join The Times in the case.
''The '74 stamps lacked a coating between the stamp and the glue, and that not only allowed the glue to soak through the front of the stamps, but made it harder to soak them off,'' said the editor, Wayne L. Youngblood, in a telephone interview from his home in Sidney, Ohio.
Directors from 45 day and overnight camps in the Northeast, for children from ages 3 to 17, will be present.
Smith confesses to lingering disappointment in the reaction to it.
Mr. Reilly, who is majoring in communications and political science at the Jesuit-run university and is editor in chief of The Ram, one of two campus newspapers, said he did not want the supporters of abortion rights silenced.
There is no fuss about any of these clothes.
The stepmothers plan on getting together once a month at the Calvary Lutheran Church in Hauppauge.
But no one really knows, and the usual uncertainty has been compounded by military confrontation in the Persian Gulf.
As he put it, ''It would take 4,000 pounds of tubers to plant a hectare,'' about 2.5 acres, ''but I can hold in one hand the seeds needed to do the same job.''
Mr. Hernandez was waiting there with a gun.
The once-forbidding Conservatory Garden was returned to its original splendor and a hilly snatch of land near West 72d Street was restored and renamed Strawberry Fields.
Miss Jackson was treated for injuries to her hand and right knee.
And times may be changing in Mr. Crouch's favor (except on the woman question).
One of the few tournaments Shannon played this season was the Doherty, an annual event for amateurs in Florida, where she lost in the third round to one of her Curtis Cup players, Katie Peterson, who shot 75 today.
In the Northeast, dependable saddle horses can be bought for about $1,000, show horses from $1,000 to $3,000 and prize-winning champions of the best bloodlines range from $10,000 to $250,000 and up.
They were asleep and just escaped.
Now, as three Army National Guard brigades, along with a much smaller contingent of Marine Corps combat reservists, prepare to head for the California desert to train for the sands of Saudi Arabia, their performance is likely to shape the role of reservists in a slimmed-down military.
''It's just in the last couple of years that croquet has been available to people who don't belong to country clubs or have private courts,'' said Peyton Ballenger, a top American player.
The count of 7,033,179 drew a chorus of criticism and is expected to renew debate about the census's accuracy.
Jeff Ballard retired 12 of the first 13 batters and coasted along with a 2-0 lead.
''We didn't believe it was him.''
One alumnus of Room 461, 16-year-old Juan Crespi, is now a sophomore at Wallkill High School in upstate New York.
The value of those planes was worth more than $3.56 billion.
That could mean the loss of the State Senate majority, the state comptroller's office and -- for the first time in state history -- the crucial second line on the ballot.
If the German Government borrows more of those savings for its own purposes, interest rates could rise in both countries.
''The things they say are offensive, but I'd rather have them said in an open forum so I can contest them instead of never being able to respond to their sexism, their homophobia and their racism,'' said Jarrett Barrios, a senior in social studies from Tampa, Fla., who is co-chairman of Harvard's Bisexual Gay and Lesbian Student Association.
''The Blach case is an excellent example of how we investigate these cases,'' he said, ''and how at this late date after the war we are able to find these people.''
Parks, whose full name was Louise Parks Duncanson, founded her dance group in 1959.
Yield: Six to eight servings as antipasto, about 100 ravioli.
And now they have somehow convinced people in their 20's that we are a generation too -- a generation that pales in comparison with them.
In addition, Motorola lobbied aggressively to help persuade the Government in December 1985 to levy stiff penalties on Japanese imports of beepers and cellular phones that were found to have been ''dumped'' on the American market.
More than half the children at the school are eligible for free or reduced-cost lunches.
9-ranked Louisana State held off a late Vanderbilt rally to win and pull into a tie for first place in the Southeastern Conference.
High Point of Relations ''It's been quite a while since I've seen you,'' responded General Pinochet.
Biff, wanting to talk directly to Santa (Chuck McCann), reminds his father that Christmas is supposed to be a magical time.
With 28 network commercials on each program, ''Good Morning America'' would be getting about $280,000 more than the ''Today'' show every day at those rates.
So far, public support for the Persian Gulf operation appears to be strong.
The fading light of sunset on the Bay Street bluff silhouettes the painted balustrades, railings and shutters of the houses facing south.
I just can't help it.''
''We each shot 20 more free throws at practice today,'' Ewing said.
To keep it from turning cataclysmic, the university has pursued a diplomatic course since 1983.
After a quiet Christmas with family and friends at home, watching his children, 5-year-old Darryl Jr. and 2-year-old Diamond, open presents from Santa, Darryl Strawberry went back to baseball today, excited about his new involvement with the Los Angeles Dodgers.
Under that pact, Far West was able to reclassify about $325 million in liabilities, which it has said it was able to do because of the $1.5 billion Government loan.
Creating the sequence usually involves combining multiple speeded up images of the Flash (played by John Wesley Shipp) with electronically generated color and background footage.
The Three Main Periods In the course of his nine programs (which are sponsored by the Paine Webber Group), Mr. Zukofsky intends to present Stravinsky's music from several perspectives, and he hopes to raise questions in listeners' minds about Stravinsky specifically and about composition in general.
When Mr. Gonzalez cut into the steak, Mr. Arnold recalled, he said: ''The joke's on you, gringo!
Allen E. Murray, Mobil's chairman and chief executive, said he had asked Mr. Tucker to take on the review in light of the Middle East conflict, changes in Eastern Europe, stepped-up environmental concerns and the unclear economic outlook, all of which are having an effect on the oil industry.
But there is little menace in Mr. Wiseman's Central Park.
Take I-84 east to Danbury, then take Route 7 north and make a right on Route 4 at Cornwall Bridge.
Act-Up, the AIDS Coalition to Unleash Power, is to sponsor an art auction at 7 P.M. at 575 Broadway, near Prince Street.
A spokesman for the Cook County State's Attorney said no decision had been made on whether to seek a retrial, to appeal today's ruling or to drop the case.
Some of the rescuers concentrated on helping those trapped in the rubble, while others focused on the damaged security gate.
Of course, the nation whose workers first gain a particular insight may benefit disproportionately in the short term.
Westway Funds to Be Used About 85 percent of the cost of repaving will be covered by Federal highway funds left over from the Westway project that was abandoned in 1985, Mr. Riccio said.
Arlan Suderman, a crop specialist with the Kansas State University Extension Service, put the situation this way: ''The problems are beginning to strike home in our rural communities.
So he closed it out of town.
"We are not a championship football team yet," Majors said.
''Everything you say about him is true,'' said Henry A. Kissinger, the former Secretary of State, who headed a 12-member commission appointed by President Reagan in 1983 to review United States policies on Central America and to which Dr. Silber was named.
But, he said, it is too early to judge the cards' financial success.
Historically, Texas politics and religion have had a strong conservative stripe.
He wished the tycoon ''a really humbling death, something like getting his shoelaces caught in the down escalator at Sears.''
Bring to a boil and simmer until the potatoes are barely tender, about 15 minutes.
He has now signed on as director of the Philadelphia Orchestra's summer activities.
Speculum Musicae's evening at Merkin Concert Hall on Wednesday was called ''Music From the British Isles,'' and three of its four composers seemed to be asking, if not the same question, at least a very similar one: Is it the job of creators to tame chaos or do they find even more profit in exploiting it?
As the nation's cities grapple with air pollution from automobile exhaust, natural gas - best known for heating homes and cooking dinners - is drawing increasing attention as a clean-burning alternative to gasoline and diesel fuel.
''There's a holdup on every street corner - go home!''
Analysts said that without approval from the states, Hoylake would be unable to move forward in its acquisition attempt.
4.Fold over the bottom third of each tortilla, to make a solid base, as if you were beginning to fold a letter.
He also played a role in the firm's management, when he formally invited James St. Clair to return to the firm after he left to defend President Richard M. Nixon in the end game of Watergate.
Then Florio assailed the Exxon Corporation as environmentally irresponsible, dismissed the powerful head of the State Police and endorsed a ban on assault rifles.
Leyland said he felt the pitcher was really out of character when he walked Dave Magadan before the home run, then fell behind Strawberry, 2-0.
But Nunn was the busier fighter and the more confident one.
and Capital Cities appear before an administrative law judge on Nov. 13 in Washington.
Ivy fanciers can fill a large box with different kinds, including some that seem to be dusted with gold or silver.
The symptoms from syphilis not only are transient but can vary greatly, which explains its reputation as the great imitator.
The date the databank was started could not be pinpointed, but testimony by club management officials before Nicolau indicated that all 26 owners were made aware of its existence in December 1987.
''I don't think so,'' Vincent said.
''Swindell threw everything for strikes,'' Marshall said.
The leaders and many of the issues that sustained the movement for 30 years have receded.
Pool for Expansion In many other countries, high personal savings rates create a pool of investment capital that can be borrowed for economic expansion.
And the compensation -- future ticket sales, record sales, adulation and fortune -- was contingent on the musician's ability to consistently deliver both the technical and emotional goods.
The people rushed into what, for the last 40 years, they had lived with in their easy chairs, in front of their television sets, every evening.
And at the Queens Historical Society an exhibition highlights shopping malls that were once cemeteries.
These designations also include members of minority religions, all of whom would be technically outcastes since they are not part of the Hindu universe.
''There ain't no other explanation.''
So did the Las Vegas Hilton people.
The reason for the dummy's limitations is readily apparent.
If only George were not saddled with all these incompetent and foolish Baseball People, he could have been a great owner.
A search committee had recommended him.
Hundreds of Lithuanians gathered outside the parliament building, singing national hymns and chanting independence slogans, as the legislators changed the name of the Lithuanian Soviet Socialist Republic to simply the Lithuanian Republic and ordered the hammer and sickle replaced by the old Lithuanian coat of arms.
Such official civility seems to have waned during the Middle Ages.
A special garden menu is available in the evening, including sea-scallop sandwiches in crisp potato crusts and citrus juices ($12), oak-smoked salmon with avocado remoulade ($12) and fresh duck foie gras and game bird roulade with mixed greens and roasted pear chutney ($15).
What we are talking about is an option or a solution of external problems related to German reunification which would organically incorporate the European process and improvement of international politics as a whole.
Lieutenant McCann, 25, is a son of Mr. and Mrs. David A. McCann of Lloyd Harbor, L.I., and Jupiter, Fla.
Two scientists here have developed a technique to identify genetic traits in livestock in advance, making it possible to plan with unheard-of precision the milk or meat production of animals before they are born.
It's pleasant, harmless and not as crass as it could have been.
The "patter and expository glue" that Mr. Scott said he provided for the revue involves seven singers and dancers -- three men and four women, all played by professional performers who live in Connecticut.
Unlike the pattern in Western society, acquired immune deficiency syndrome is transmitted largely by heterosexual intercourse in Africa, affecting men and women in roughly equal proportions.
Another SaltHill washing aid is called the Vortex Wash Tray.
Before he returned to M. I. T., where he became a professor of electrical engineering, he served as manager of information sciences, systems and applications at the Thomas J. Watson Research Center of International Business Machines.
experts believe that the embargo has stopped 97 to 98 percent of the oil that left Iraq before the invasion.
Visas, good for 60 days, can be obtained with a valid passport at all Romanian borders for $15.
Acknowledging that toll increases ''are never pleasant,'' Mr. Brezenoff said that they were only one of several ways to raise money.
''Why should I buy it?''
I could have said: 'No.
The African National Congress is known to be anxious that sanctions not fall away before it gives its consent and can thus take the credit.
Broadcasters, cruise lines and other companies with high fixed costs but low costs of delivering excess products use barter as a crucial source of financing, particularly when they are starting up.
Stephane Richer had his 41st goal for the Canadiens.
The investigation found that some people who agreed to buy medallions through private financing with brokers lost tens of thousands of dollars and their right to the medallion because they defaulted on the loans.
The light green kimono weighed 25 pounds and cost roughly $130,000.
Manton (D) N Y 10.
On a more concrete level, some Turkish analysts worry that Turkey could be hurt if NATO and the Warsaw Pact begin to rearrange troop strengths and deployment.
Moreover, the experts said that the mere presence of the surveillance craft was a powerful deterrent to aggression.
24), in which one might have expected Mr. Pollini to play the prominent piano part: no slight to Harriet Wingreen, but Mr. Pollini's mere presence would have built valuable bridges, quite apart from his interpretive insights.
In addition to his daughter, who lives in Point Pleasant, N.J., he is survived by his wife, the former Floy Ann Brown, from whom he was separated; four sons, Geoffrey, William, James and Charles, all of Brick Township, N.J.; and two grandchildren.
After years of me-too marketing that emulated Visa and American Express, the credit card is now pitching itself to Middle America and away from the affluent professionals depicted in the advertising of its rivals.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Sotheby's Holdings (NYSE) Qtr to March 31 1990 1989 Revenue 61,428,000 48,929,000 Net inc 5,961,000 5,185,000 Share earns .10 .09 Shares outst 57,648,534 56,666,576 View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Seles will next meet third-seeded Conchita Martinez of Spain, the defending champion, who beat Cammy MacGregor, 6-2, 6-3.
The Indy 500 puts such a strain on local public services that the track cannot run a second event.
By 1955, when he put his own voice on television and radio as chief spokesman for his company, he had gained a reputation as a tough businessman who rode herd on his franchisees, refusing to let them start dealer organizations and forcing them to buy everything from cones to napkins from Carvel at prices they considered inflated.
In fact, he seems to relish the use of coincidence and cheap jump-cuts (from one group of people watching a television show to another group watching the same program, etc.)
The suit named Liggett, Lorillard Inc. and Philip Morris Inc., which made the cigarettes Mrs. Cipollone smoked.
Mr. Mazowiecki is capable of a certain dry wit.
Developers, community groups and the Council have awaited the appointments with some anxiety, because the new commission has many crucial tasks as the land-governing process shifts because of changes in the charter that give final authority over most matters to the Council instead of the Board of Estimate, which will cease.
It's heroic out here, though sometimes we forget it.
The materiel being shipped or flown to Saudi Arabia includes: - 150,000 bottles of sunscreen; - 6,000 boxes of lip balm; 230,000 containers of foot powder, and 250,000 water-purification tablets; It also includes: 500 tons of fruit and vegetables, 145,000 gallons of bottled water and 2 million pounds of hamburger meat.
And I said, 'No, I don't think it's possible.'
It is far too late for that.
From the start, it was evident that the 49ers would apply pressure wide to keep Elway in the pocket.
Before that, the lowest level since 1948, when the mark was created, was 1.5700 on Dec. 31, 1987.
OCCASIONALLY a book comes along that aspires to create as much of a sensation as the events that prompted it.
''In the last week,'' Cashen said, ''we probably talked to 20 of the 26 clubs.
The new generation of antihistamines, led by Seldane (terfenadine), now the most frequently prescribed antihistamine, is free of brain effects because the drugs do not enter the brain.
The design is by the firm of Schuman Lichtenstein Claman Efron.
The man, Robert Garner, a 30-year-old British Airways research analyst, was not seriously injured.
contracts are not falling victim'' to temptation or agency procedures for detecting such conduct are not very good.''
In the breathless little merry-go-round chorus that punctuates the chronology, the singers insist that there's nothing they can do to change the course of events.
Leland T. Jones, a spokesman for Mayor David N. Dinkins, said the Mayor had discussed the proposed contingencies with Mr. Michael and agreed to seek them before he left on Sunday for a weeklong vacation in Hilton Head, S.C. Peg Breen, a spokeswoman for the City Council Speaker, Peter F. Vallone, said the administration was "looking at the proper magnitude of cuts" to deal with the problem.
Each has produced a campaign video that includes warm comments by former Gov.
Qf6 18 Be3 Rf1 19 Rf1 Qe5 20 Qf3 Nf6 21 Bf4 Qd4 22 Kh1, the d6 pawn was under fire and, besides, 23 Bg5 was threatened.
The original action was wrong and the ensuing reaction is wrong.
The vote today set the stage for a showdown in the House of Delegates, which will consider the resolution on Wednesday.
His aims, one gathered, was to point up his educational pedigree and to pay tribute to his teachers and the tradition they represented.
Neediest Cases revenues will help Lee with the security on her new room and with buying the essentials of independent living, like a bed, furniture and dishes.
But until very recently, experts felt that it would be impossible for a vaccine to overcome the the wily lentiviruses.
But our manufacturers of those systems continue to grow without risk of failure, because they serve vital requirements of the United States security establishment.
Here are some excerpts from the conversation: Q.
And he shows no sign that being found guilty of obstructing Congress, destroying Government documents and taking an illegal gift has dampened his zeal for the cause.
He seems to be on a first-name basis with half the members of Congress, many of whom regularly accept invitations to view a new film in the screening room of the motion picture association's headquarters near the White House.
''It's like me and my Social Security check.
''You must have law enforcement, but it is not enough.''
reported that its earnings rose nearly 27 percent for the quarter, but analysts said they were concerned about declining international and personal computer sales.
The 1989 results were restated to reflect the merger with the A. H. Robins Company in Richmond.
The pool would be replaced by a much smaller one for bad drivers.
The Iranian-backed Party of God in turn charged that Amal wants to keep Party of God fighters out of southern Lebanon to clear the way for a deal with the Israelis.
The group, known as WHAM, is Women's Health Action and Mobilization, not Women Against Men.
''This is a management strategy, although the overall effect will be that we reduce costs as we reduce central operations.''
The soul-searching interludes for the heterosexual characters sometimes seem forced by comparison.
She was a girl from Baltimore looking to put down new roots.
The killers in the previous murders were captured and convicted.
(''Six-year-old girls make the best audience,'' he noted.)
Where he differs from Michael is that Michael is a rather more innocent victim.
Another customer, Jane S. Roberts of Cross River, added: "I feel safer, in that I don't have to look over my shoulder when I'm withdrawing cash late at night because I'm in the comfort and security of my own car."
JUDITH JAMISON, the company's star, danced to generous applause.
Indeed, within the ad industry, Mr. O'Donnell has a reputation as a demanding client who gets very involved in his advertising's creative side.
But with attendance having plummeted more than 60 percent to about two dozen visitors a day since the Palestinian intifada, or uprising, began two and a half years ago, Mrs. Ornan has become the custodian of a museum without money for exhibitions.
I told my boyfriend the next day and he laughed.
As one of the Nynex strikers' picket signs put it, ''Cutting Our Health Benefits Is Sick.''
Once bids are in the board should check the underwriters' ratings in the 1990 edition of the A. M. Best Rating Guide -- a profile of insurance companies.
It would be the perfect adjunct to the Axelrod proposal for a single-payer universal health insurance system for New York State.
Be sure to ask for sea-view rooms in Douglas; they're slightly higher than other rooms, but the view is worth it.
All you hear from the other side is Mapplethorpe and Serrano.
But in Newton, as in many other places, students made their opinions known when administrators threatened budget cuts.
''What we're doing is not illegal or immoral.''
At one point, he stood up and told the court: ''His name is Manuel Antonio Noriega.
He is survived by a son, John, of Los Angeles; a daughter, Nancy, of Orlando, Fla., and two sisters, Sylvia Mehler of Miami and Barbara Stewart of Sunrise, Fla.
Like kidney transplants, bone marrow transplants began as a dangerous and frightening procedure of last resort.
I have always been bothered, however, by the idea of capturing, say, an 800-pound polar bear and flying him a couple thousand miles south to sit, panting, on an ersatz ledge while hordes of humans stand safely beyond a fence and growl at him.
Mr. Landolt said he was sure the house had a friendly ghost.
If a Series runs fewer than six games, the network does not collect all the revenue it had expected.
Big Names on the Masthead By the end of the summer she had met two critical requirements for further fund-raising - incorporating as a nonprofit group and adding the heads of some major companies like the Xerox Corporation, Union Carbide and American Cyanamid to her board.
b-Included provisions for possible losses of $2,500,000 and $3,000,000 for the quarter and 6 months, respectively.
But my purpose here is not to debate point by point.
''I was still in the points.
But the mob has changed the way it wields that power over the longshoremen's association, which the President's Commission on Organized Crime in 1986 called ''virtually a synonym for organized crime in the labor movement.''
And then there's the dialogue.
He became a familiar figure to late-night television viewers in the 1960's and 70's when he appeared in commercials for the dealership.
To Freedom, who beat Deposit Ticket at Churchill Downs on July 1 when the latter colt did not fire, passed the Hopeful because of an injured right rear hock.
The other places you plan to visit, though to the south, are cooled by the Atlantic and have average October highs in the low 70's and lows in the upper 50's or low 60's.
In them, the artist falls prey to collagists' sentimentality.
But Mrs. Solzhenitsyn said she understood that the order applied to those whose citizenship was revoked after emigration under a standard decree like one issued in her case in 1984.
The burden then shifted to the employer to justify the practice by demonstrating its necessity to the business.
One of the most frequent complaints the banks have about the regulators is that they are excessively and arbitrarily marking down the value of real estate loan portfolios.
This he does with such simplicity and ease that, for many years, the initial response was to say that what he does isn't acting, followed up by the damp, desperate criticism that he is always the same.
What Time Equities appears to have done is to make a disclosure of a ''change in financial condition'' that it considered to be required by law, even though the problems have not affected the carrying charges due to the buildings in which it owns apartments.
Mr. Karner also offered some advice on the care of silver.
Low-sulfur coal, which is less polluting, is deeper in the ground and more expensive to mine than coal with higher sulfur, which can be shoveled from open pits.
''Too often those who aspire to excellence become targets of criticism by individuals who seek to destroy, defame and discredit their deeds and accomplishments,'' the dinner brochure said with an ominous tone that seemed out of character with the evening.
A Big Monopoly Is Broken Up However, as part of its commercialization strategy, the Government on April 1 "unbundled" its transportation monopoly Transnet into five divisions, each now responsible for its own productivity and profitability.
The police say they have not received a single complaint from the neighbors, and the brick-clad structure blends in so well with the community that people unaware of its purpose often stop there, hoping to rent an apartment.
But it stayed on the plus side and moved up again in the afternoon.
For all of them, Robert H. Bloom has several pieces of sage advice: spend time, waste not and be selective.
'Fundamental Issues' Seen Burt Chestnut, an apple grower from Wenatchee who is a plaintiff in the suit, said: "The gain is for agriculture in general nationwide, that we stop this misleading information by the media and scare tactics by environmental groups.
His father's relationships were those of a lawyer and his clients, he said.
Assured by a clerk that the board would adjourn before it reached his request to demap a paper street in the College Point section of Queens, he left the chamber prematurely.
Max and the Cats By Moacyr Scliar Translated by Eloah F. Giacomelli.
"The man who is good by birth becomes low by low association, but who is low by birth can't become high by high association" is the principle described in Manu, a Hindu scripture.
Recently Mr. Richard brought farmers from all over New York to show them Moody Hill's ''environmentally sound'' composting.
NATO planners in Brussels still argue that the alliance should broaden its scope to deal with political, economic and even environmental security matters as well as military questions.
We have been citizens since 1917.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Personal Diagnostics Qtr to Dec 31 1989 1988 Revenue 2,581,261 2,611,166 Net inc 340,104 221,977 Share earns .10 .07 Shares outst 3,502,000 3,126,500 View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Debtholders Repaid First Covenants in the notes stipulated that the debt holders had to be repaid before limited partners could recover their investments.
Aug. 23, 1988 ON STAYING CALM: ''The individual investor, I think, has to ignore these aberrations in the market.
Animal enclosures will greatly benefit farmers, especially in mountainous regions like Mount Kenya National Park and Aberdare National Park, where elephants regularly wander onto nearby tea plantations.
A winged rocket built by a private company was launched into orbit from a B-52 aircraft over the Pacific Ocean today, marking an important step in the nation's efforts to develop a low-cost and reliable way to send small satellites into space.
Orders to factories for manufactured goods rose in March for the second straight month, the Government said.
Since 1987, she has been heard in small roles at the Metropolitan Opera and in concert performances.
In a report on the results of the fact-finding mission he sent to South Africa last month, Secretary General Javier Perez de Cuellar says the Government has fully lifted its ban on the African National Congress and other political movements, allowing South Africans of all races complete freedom for the first time to form political organizations.
One reason, advertising people say, is the higher portion of humor and the softer sell in British ads.
Rudi Voller has already announced himself and Jurgen Klins-mann as ''the most beautiful pair'' of strikers in the world.
American Museum officials said the longer expedition next summer was expected to revisit the valley for more excavations and then to travel due west into the mountain range and badlands known as Ederegiin Nuruu, much of which has never been explored by scientists.
''But at some point,'' he said, ''the most urgent sellers will be out of the way.
Ms. Van Valey, a junior, criticized the administration for instead inviting a former Michigan student, now enrolled at another university, to address the convocation last Tuesday.
It's a heavy vibe on it.
Mario M. Cuomo's press secretary and close adviser, Gary G. Fryer, said yesterday that he would leave his post after the election.
E G& G's assistant general manager for administration and planning, Francis Allhoff, said in an interview, ''Various critiques have indicated that problems are continuing to exist, but we're taking action to correct them.''
There will be a public comment on the findings and then the review will be adopted as law.
Now, just in a very general sense, Mr. President, I take it you have some recollection of the events that led up to what is now called, for lack of a better word, the Iran-contra affair or the Iran-contra event?
Having physically denuded Kuwait in nearly two months of military rule, looting computers, amusement-park rides and even street lamps and school blackboards, Iraq has embarked on a systematic effort to strip the nation of its very identity, exiled Kuwaitis and other recent refugees say.
MODERN TURKEY WAS and still is defined by Mustafa Kemal, who became a national hero in World War I when his forces defeated the British at Gallipoli.
He came to the United States from the Soviet Union a little more than a year ago, a visa obtained through the help of his sister-in-law in Philadelphia.
In terms of bass projection, it may well be unrivaled, thanks to KEF's proprietary coupled-cavity construction, which cancels distortion in the lower range.
And it is only too happy to keep him well paid and stimulated with any new hobbies he wants.
There were regular dinners with Mr. Scarfo, then a badly needed loan.
They don't speak the same language, but they have many of the same problems, so Mayor DAVID N. DINKINS of New York and Mayor GAVRIL POPOV of Moscow will spend an hour on Friday discussing mutual concerns: housing, public transportation, crime, politics and the economy.
Without unrolling them, use duct tape or waterproof mastic to fasten the end of a strip to the wall about four inches above the floor.
The driver climbed out the back window of the crushed cab, his only injury a broken finger.
Moves into the Dallas area of the corporate headquarters of J. C. Penney and the Exxon Corporation, which completed its move last August, and the Southwest telephone operations of the GTE Corporation, have bolstered demand for legal and accounting firms as well as photography, advertising and temporary-employment agencies.
Flatliners Directed by Joel Schumacher; written by Peter Filardi; director of photography, Jan De Bont; edited by Robert Brown; music by James Newton Howard; production designer, Eugenio Zanetti; produced by Michael Douglas and Rick Bieber; released by Columbia Pictures.
I regret as you do that the issue has become a religious one .
Prick the plastic to release steam.
American and Soviet officials are working to complete plans for President Mikhail S. Gorbachev to travel across the United States in June after his meeting here with President Bush, Administration officials said today.
''That is, unless people feel like they don't have to turn out and vote.
The troublemakers, clubgoers say, are members of gangs with names like Thirty-six Mob, Vandals of Destruction and DTC, and sometimes they commit robberies to raise the $15 cover that many clubs charge.
b-After a loss from discontinued operations of $149,947.
Traffic was backed up for miles in a jam that took hours to clear as police conducted an investigation.
Turn left at the Gulf Station on Orchard Street, which leads into Bible Street.
That statement is likely to be used in the case against Mr. Mondello.
Mr. Friedman asked what had happened to the needle after the blood was drawn from the patient, who was identified by the initials W. N. ''The needle had to be put down somewhere,'' Dr. Prego answered.
And the Japanese are fearful that the discussions themselves are making tensions even worse.
The committee decided that no matter which electronic machine was purchased, all the candidates' names had to fit on one screen.
But he couldn't resist describing the splendors he imagined awaited him, most involving the idea of traveling great distance in great comfort.
Had two front teeth missing.
By strongly marketing discount brands, the beer companies would lose more profits and more productivity from underused plants, analysts say.
But she later contradicted herself under a relentless cross-examination by the prosecutor, Elizabeth Lederer, and admitted that the words were her brother's own.
But the French import ''Lambada'' (CBS 465599-1; all three formats) includes two versions of the Kaoma ''Lambada'' and keeps its multicultural party bubbling through 18 other variations.
In October, the group went international, sending 156 quilts to a hospital in Moscow.
Then subtract from this measurement the amount you wish the tub to extend above the surface of the enclosure (one or two inches is recommended), the thickness of the finish material, the thickness of the plywood sheathing (described further on) and three inches for the combined thickness of the sole and plate (2-by-4 and 2-by-6 lumber measure only one and a half inches thick).
"I'm not talking about changing the Constitution," Mr. Cuomo said.
Mr. Hanson said the letter lacked some elements needed before the authorities could charge anyone with making terroristic threats.
''I refuse to watch every cent right now,'' he said, ''and be too smart for my own good.''
I can't be sentimental about my property if the town isn't.''
de Klerk, he is trying to start a new South Africa.
With city land so valuable, the land use committee will be a gold mine of power, and a potential source of abuse.
The Cuomo administration is threatening to give some of the $85 million to suburban counties.
A big part of the problem here is that in the dead of night a few years ago, the Democrats pushed through raising the limits to $100,000 per person.
''Why is it that all of this is happening to minority communities, to minority principals and minority districts?''
In fact, a third of the company's real estate loans have gone sour, a disconcerting rate that has clearly set Wall Street investors on edge.
And a leader of the study, Dr. William Fisher, told Congress that NASA could meet the problem if it quickly developed advanced robots for maintenance chores and also redesigned parts.
His lawyer, Bruce Cutler, could not be reached for comment last night, but last month, when reports surfaced that Mr. Gotti's indictment was imminent, Mr. Cutler said, "We're ready for them."
The Baker's Garden menu, larger than that of the usual convenience eatery, features appetizers, salads, sandwiches, burgers, pasta, omelets, quiche, pizzas, souffles and grilled chicken dishes.
''I would be amazed if there were a recommendation against allowing the transaction to stand,'' he said.
The erotic is the scene of defeat and despair but also at times of affirmation, generosity.
In either case, as this was a match-point event, the problem was to make 12 tricks.
Senator Helms is also in a tough re-election campaign, in which he has made the arts endowment a major target.
Clarence Kay, the Broncos' tight end, can cause major problems.
So she went roaming, and discovered that I'd gone with her.
A minute later Byce fired Wisconsin's first shot at Gagnon and it lit the red light behind the cage.
Among the 52 college and university campuses in the state, only the eight that maintain their own police departments are required by law to report their crime statistics to the State Department of Public Safety.
The sale must be approved by the Federal Communications Commission.
Logical Jazz Jim Hall, Village Vanguard, 178 Seventh Avenue South, near 11th Street (255-4037).
The old ways, a growing number of critics say, are not good enough for a time when schools must impart more knowledge than ever before, to children from more diverse backgrounds, with less help from the families.
Mike was shot four times in the head and body and Jimmy was shot twice in the head and twice in the back.
A Western diplomat was blunter, saying, "We think it's a battle."
He sold his first article, ''The Horse Laugh,'' to Horse and Jockey Magazine for $5 while he was still in high school.
Most of his victories have been in Grade II and Grade III sprints restricted to 3-year-olds, and it is time for him to take on the nation's best horses.
Harwell agreed to become a spokesman for RPM Pizza, which own 94 Domino's stores in Michigan.
; McEwen, R-Ohio; Miller, R-Ohio; Mollohan, D-W.Va.; Myers, R-Ind.
He led the drive for passage of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, which focused resources on classroom assistance for poor children.
When he does sporty separates he gives them couture class.
Though lavishly produced with the best New York character actors that network capital could buy, "Beacon Hill" died a sorry Nielsen death in 13 weeks.
Philips Industries N.V., the worldwide electronics and industrial company based in the Netherlands, yesterday announced the planned retirement of Cornelis J. van der Klugt, the company's president and the chairman of the management board.
Half measures in these areas cause distortions.
Mr. Andreuzzi, 58, has been serving as executive vice president - petroleum group and has been a director since 1984.
In the show there are chess sets of historical human figures, a chess set using astronomical designs by Max Esser, and one that pictures the Crimean War.
After winning 23 percent of the vote on the first round, Mr. Tyminski has appeared in recent days to be shaping an appeal to those discouraged by all political establishments in Poland, including Solidarity.
In a similar position are manufacturers of plastics, which are largely made from petroleum derivatives.
Once he moved to Oregon City, Dr. Barclay threw himself into civic affairs, serving as town doctor, coroner, mayor and school superintendent.
Prosecutors win cases every day on the testimony of accomplice witnesses.
One, which will be under the jurisdiction of the House Education and Labor Committee, calls for spending $2.5 billion over three years.
The recording is to be released this summer by Warner Brothers, and it is to be preceded on May 13 by a single, ''Nobody's Child,'' recorded by the Traveling Wilburys, the group composed of Mr. Harrison, Bob Dylan, Jeff Lynne and Tom Petty.
A Motorola spokesman declined to provide additional details.
The only other people responsible for the building, he said, were Mr. DiLorenzo, Mr. Weiss and Mr. Jaffe.
What's next: The vote is tentatively set for May 6.
Making a 13-year-old the official navigator on a car trip feeds that hunger for responsibility.
Rouse's first such festival center - or ''urban marketplace,'' Mr. DeVito's preferred term - was Faneuil Hall in Boston.
The rejection of everything avant-garde in Paris was still fierce and unforgiving.
And 53 percent said tensions had worsened in the last year, up from the 37 percent who perceived a deterioration in a poll taken a year earlier.
''I think holding an honest referendum is the only way to calm down the people,'' said Pavel G. Bunich, an economist and member of Parliament who advocates quicker moves to a market.
There is no one looking over your shoulder, telling you what to do.''
That raises the issue of support in case something goes wrong with the machine, and I.B.M.
Yes, companies held back from financing pension plans in the 1980's, and it is important to emphasize the main reason.
She concentrated on maintaining good running form.
"As much as I am against all-male organizations that discriminate on the basis of sex, I can't reach a point where I can't support the rights of students to associate off campus on their own time," said Sarah Taylor, a sophomore English major from Huntington, L.I., who is the association's vice president and co-chairwoman of the Community Council.
Such an embargo would slow Iraq down, but only a true Middle East peace settlement is likely to provide Saddam Hussein and his successors with security guarantees sufficiently robust to convince them not to go nuclear as soon as they can manage to do so.
Rare Prints Over the last several months two rare prints and a set of prints have commanded extraordinary prices at auction in New York and in Europe.
Mr. Boesky sharply replied, ''Would you mind not throwing it, sir.''
Often, they reacted disastrously or in direct contravention of their interests.
It can help relieve anxiety in patients about to undergo surgery, lessen the amount of anesthetic needed to carry out the operation and reduce the need for pain medication after surgery.
Ms. Richardson, his supervisor, said: ''If you would expect something this heinous to happen to people, you wouldn't expect it to happen to Harry Wildstein.
If there is any promising element in America's system for dealing with criminals, parole is not it.
In a microwave, they cook from the inside out; no browning takes place and flavors can vaporize.
If there were 1,000 Mike Windischmanns, motivated Hispanic players out of East Los Angeles and black players from the South Side of Chicago and Southerners who wanted to play soccer instead of football, the law of averages says the United States would not be a rank outsider in soccer.
''We did not want the bill passed into law because we do not feel that it is appropriate to extend civil rights protection to behavior,'' said Nancy Sutton, executive director of Citizens for Family First, the group that petitioned for the referendum.
For example, with a changer playing five CD's in succession (roughly 350 minutes of music), it is possible to hear ''Die Gotterdammerung'' straight through in a single sitting, assuming one has the stamina.
Dodger's best friend was leaving for Canada, refusing to go fight in the dirty little war.
In a still-traditional, mostly rural country that is more than 95 percent Muslim, Ms. Bhutto cannot afford to appear anti-Islamic.
THE name is J. C. Penney, but the advertising portrays a style-conscious retailer that is sort of a Saks Fifth Avenue for the masses.
Our sons are at risk - to suicide, murder, jail and hopelessness.
Perhaps Francis Ford Coppola, who has his own California vineyard, should think about making ''Godfather'' wine.
Equipment rental costs about $65 for a five-day seminar.
Could you arrange for me to meet him tonight?''
In the day's other contest, Yugoslavia defeated Austria, 3-0.
R. BIRD ON A WIRE -- Mel Gibson and Goldie Hawn are pursued by hitmen in what could be called the " 'Mel and Goldie Movie' .
How much may Mr. Levine may be blamed for this frustrating situation?
Its secondary and linebacking have been weakened by injuries, although the Rams have still had explosive passing power.
The Democrats' virtual lock on both houses frustrates Republican Presidents.
Ms. Lawson, 44, says that public TV has a tradition of programs about minorities, but its record is not without blemishes.
''That which we feared in November has happened,'' Mr. Pflugbeil said.
(The Cravath Chronicle continues to be printed, like all Cravath materials, on ''virgin'' rather than recycled paper.)
In many instances, a pair of hunters will do all their shooting from that boat.
Clippers Loy Vaught, 6-9 Michigan 14.
Sprinkle with garlic, salt and pepper.
Mr. Hale said he does not understand why American caviar ''is being treated like dope.''
According to the Financial Times-Actuaries indexes, the American market has outperformed the world average this year, largely because of the plunge in Japan.
Unions Denounce Offer Union leaders promptly denounced the offer as an attempt to try to split the unions.
Pour the sauce on top, toss thoroughly and serve immediately.
said it was considering selling its 51 percent stake in the Mitel Corporation, the Canadian telecommunications equipment manufacturer.
The New York State School Boards Association filed a lawsuit on Friday challenging a new school district created by the state to accommodate Hasidic children.
''This is a terrible thing,'' said Dr. Raymond Bretton, an internationally recognized authority on tuberculosis who has worked in the Ivory Coast for 23 years.
One ''Twin Peaks'' production executive said he was frustrated with ABC's scheduling of the show.
''Having made the threat now, if Asean doesn't do anything in July or August, they'll lose credibility,'' he said, referring to the Association of Southeast Asian Nations.
If I thought I was overusing a guy, I wouldn't use him that way.
''We used to live here.
In New York, the dollar lost ground, with the pound trading at $1.6445, more expensive than $1.6405 late Monday.
When the reader meets Philip in the novel's opening pages, he is stalking a wealthy couple who live in the Virginia suburbs of Washington.
That was 16 cents on a pack that last year averaged about $1.49.
There are also domestic political stirrings that may have underscored the worst fears of the Bush White House: that the economy could have a sinking spell, if not in this election year, then as President Bush is seeking re-election in 1992.
Both Saab and Lord Einstein said that creative differences had led to their split.
In its grim perspective on the Soviet future and in the wary official reaction, ''Taxi Blues'' recalls the other cinema sensation of the year, Stanislav Govorukhin's ''This is No Way to Live,'' a polemical documentary that raises the question of a Nuremberg-style trial for the Communist Party.
The senior Alomar, now a coach with the Padres, is here as a National League coach.
The theory was that the first cases were the most severe, but that turned out not to be so.
Telford was making just his third major league start after opening the season at Baltimore's Class A farm team in Frederick, Md.
''Our scoreboard only goes up to 20 runs, so it might have looked to someone that got there late like we were doing O. K. We weren't.''
Officials at Presbyterian University Hospital, where the transplant was performed on Dec. 3 and where the woman, Cindy Martin, had been recovering, said the cause of death was listed as hepatitis, which resulted in sepsis, a common post-transplant infection.
History offers some scary examples of what happens when a government tries to control a culture.
"This is really a very special film, because it is accomplished by splashing essences of scenes, telling a story with a head-on impression followed by a glancing impression, and in the end coming away with a whole painting.
The responsibilities of the landed gentry, I later learned, were heavier and more confining than I had at first realized, and most of the routine labors of tracking down and then transcribing the letters, identifying the recipients and annotating esoteric allusions and quotations fell to me.
That is what the agency did in a campaign to help curb destruction of the world's tropical rain forests.
Chavez also signed separate bout contracts with King last week that would pay him $4 million to fight either Taylor or Hector Camacho, the World Boxing Organization junior welterweight champion, on Nov. 29 at the Mirage.
On the daytime Talgos passengers may choose to travel in first or second class.
Gladden followed with a one-hop liner off the fence in left-center, scoring Gagne.
Legislators said the measure included only a vague definition of what would constitute a criminal insult, as opposed to acceptable criticism.
Its delicate, bright-blue flowers are reminiscent of forget-me-nots.
And as usual at a Marsalis concert, the music sounded well rehearsed, with fine-tuned ensembles.
"King is yelling and screaming that we'd have to fight Tyson," said Shelly Finkel, who is Holyfield's adviser.
The moves are part of the company's plan to reduce costs as it struggles to recover under bankruptcy protection.
13 14 8 HEAD FIRST, by Norman Cousins.
Though in 1988 the departing PRI city government was given $12.5 million by the state, ''I have received nothing, zero, since taking office,'' thereby forcing cutbacks in some city programs.
''There isn't any event, or expectation of any,'' he said, ''that'll stir a sense of urgency to move investors off the fence.''
And OPEC will insist on language in its final communique that states that it is acting out of a desire to be a responsible economic entity and to ''stabilize'' world economies, officials said.
There are some superb touches, several among the scaled-back minor figures.
In accrual accounting, a portion of the expected costs must be taken against each year's reported income.
''You get a horse with a bad knee and you put it on a race track and the knee gives way, and the horse gets killed.
And at McCann, executives vehemently affirm that the status quo will remain intact.
For Some, Not a Happy Proposal Some observers of the labor scene have speculated recently that the two sides will decide to form a study committee on revenue sharing and delay a new basic agreement for a year.
in fire and headlong collapse.
One combines the East Zone with one of five Midwestern and Western cities: Minneapolis-St. Paul, Omaha, Kansas City, Dallas/Fort Worth and Houston; the other links the West Zone with Chicago and New Orleans.
amid charges that the troupe's American sponsors, the U.S.-Indochina Reconciliation Project, had tried to intimidate them into not defecting and countercharges that the defections were the work of the Khmer Rouge or other anti-Government organizations in Cambodia.
April 25 And the Wall Came Tumbling Up: Part of the Berlin Wall is reconstructed for Roger Waters's performance of the Pink Floyd rock opera "The Wall."
The savings result from tax increases and from Congressional action to reduce military spending and slow the growth of domestic spending compared with what they otherwise would have been.
The governing secularist National Liberation Front, known as the F.L.N., came in second, with 34 percent of the vote.
Still to come is ''The Simpsons,'' a rock album due on Nov. 13, with music said to be performed by characters from the animated Fox series.
Sexist or not, Bob Herbert, a Daily News columnist who wrote about the statue yesterday, said he believes it ''looks like a bowling trophy.''
The order for the Hartford to surrender all of its certificates of authority, or licenses, to sell any form of insurance was laid down in a lengthy statement by Samuel F. Fortunato, the Insurance Commissioner.
Mr. Zwink repeated a sentiment heard often at the convention: that many Americans had no idea that Muslims believed in one deity and one human family, and save for some dress and dietary laws and traditions, that they live pretty much the way their Jewish and Christian neighbors do.
''It's time to demand that our national government attack the abuses of city life, instead of evading the emergency of urban America,'' Mr. Dinkins said in one of several speeches he delivered here today.
One set of possibilities, considering the paucity of hard-core winter in the Northeast this year, is to plunge into real snow and cold, doing some cross-country skiing or even snowshoeing.
The judge said the painting conveyed ''a message of government endorsement of Christianity.''
The asylum issue is a difficult one, as Mr. Lafontaine learned when he proposed a ban on asylum seekers from European Community countries as the beginning of a restrictive list.
These officials said the hole was lower than the entry wound.
A 2-point conversion pass made it 34-27.
Mr. O'Reilly will be applying his marketing skills to helping Waterford Wedgwood exploit those opportunities.
''Bill and I started playing together at an open-mike night,'' she said, ''and I said I'd make him a tape of different songs I'd always wanted to do, even if I thought they'd sound terrible.
Shares of Contel, based in Atlanta, rose 62.5 cents yesterday, to $31.25, on the New York Stock Exchange, while GTE stock slipped 37.5 cents, to $27.125.
Instead there were 10 bright, attractive and talented young women who ranged in age from 17 to 26.
His father was the financial vice president at Vulcan Inc., an iron mold company in Latrobe, Pa.
But O Globo said economists had presented data on Friday to the Economy Minister, Zelia Cardoso de Mello, showing price increases were slowing.
University officials have insisted that no final decision has been made and that they want to initiate a discussion in the university before deciding the school's future by the end of this academic year.
Manned by a slightly over-the-edge Christopher Lee in the finished picture, the lab became the centerpiece for the film's collaborative energies.
Dozens of others were arrested but were thought to have been released.
Gerald Arpino said he was resigning as artistic director of the Joffrey Ballet on Tuesday, and taking his dances with him.
There is no end to the barbs he has tossed at his enemies: boxhead, loopy crims, stupid foul-mouthed grub, mealy-mouthed, rustbucket, glib rubbish, tripe and drivel, liberal muck, perfumed gigolos, half-baked crim, bunyip artistocracy, clot.
I assume that our people are consulting on what to do against the recurrence of such attacks, and I'll participate in them too."
Compaq also cut prices on memory options by as much as 25 percent.
Beginning the day by standing in a line, Sergei likes to say, is an apt symbol.
MORTON BROMFIELD Executive Director American Privacy Foundation Wellesley Hills, Mass., Dec. 14, 1989
The Upper East Side's loss is midtown's gain.
Not long ago, office supplies were sold in two ways: Major corporations purchased their paper, pens and staplers directly from stationers under contract and smaller companies relied on local retailers.
When the four-week campaign produced 400,000 more registrations, officials decided to extend and expand it.
''It's tough to win when we don't score,'' said Stump Merrill, the Yankees' manager.
Diller finally had the seed of his network, but practically no one thought he could make it grow.
Mr. Stewart is soon cleaning Omen's face with Windex.
''Chappaqua has always had a reputation for excellence in education,'' the business administrator said.
High noon comes on Dec. 18, with a confused school committee caught between the intellectual demands of its own students and the fierce hostility of a Europhobic social studies department.
Kramer said General Manager Mike Lynn told him that he probably would be no better than the team's third-string quarterback next season.
WITH the Hunt brothers of Texas removed from any role in the Penrod Drilling Corporation, a syndicate of 10 banks and an investor group headed by Richard E. Rainwater are expected to decide soon who will control the world's largest offshore oil and gas driller.
Price declines just barely outnumbered advances, 780 to 731, and only 4 stocks reached new highs while 139 set new lows for the year.
SABINA WEDGEWOOD New York, July 23, 1990
We must take into account the legitimate interests of our neighbors, friends and partners in Europe and the world.''
A similar bill to provide $2.9 billion was approved by the Senate on May 16.
But unlike Indian music, where control is valued, Mr. Mojaddidi's playing was about abandon and ecstasy, with intense sections of improvising - always grounded in a galloping rhythm -giving way to delicate, airy moments, soon forgotten in a flurry of heated improvising.
On Friday, the yen was at its highest level since August 1989.
People are shot in an argument over a newspaper or a rope (slang for gold chain) or a paramour, or for making eye contact with a stranger on a subway, or randomly by a sniper while eating lunch on a park bench.
In the confusion preceding the collapse of the city he had missed two different flights that the C.I.A.
The mimes will be in Commack Saturday as part of the Grand Performance Series sponsored by the United Jewish Y's of Long Island and the Suffolk Y.M.-Y.W.H.A.
Once he leaned his club against a statue of Hermes and it promptly grew roots, sprouted leaves and reverted to the olive tree it originally had been.
Environmental degradation, far worse than had been estimated, is another dirty secret of Communist regimes now coming out, and another serious handicap in long-range programs to revive the economies and societies of the East.
Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory Batavia, Ill. 30.
Millen's coach, Mike Keenan, relieved him in goal in three of the seven games with Minnesota.
When I held the little guy for the first time, the troubles at home and abroad seemed manageable, and totally in perspective.
Sees Double Standard He said that whites apply a double standard when they complain that the African National Congress and the Communist Party advocate the nationalization of mines and other critical sectors of the economy.
Even if they split the difference, a public safety program of that magnitude could be profound.
The British liner struck an iceberg and went down on the night of April 14, 1912, with a loss of 1,500 lives, including that of Mrs. Straube's aunt.
For many Soviet citizens, the television coverage from Azerbaijan in recent days has had a haunting resemblance to film of that war, with footage of skirmishes in a biblical-looking landscape and somber reports of troops encountering resistance from well-armed guerrillas.
Cheering crowds lined almost the entire 12-mile route into the capital.
The estimates do not account for the number of tokens stolen by thieves or the number of people who do not put tokens in the fare box.
By swinging the deal that procured Singleton and Agnew, the Patriots chose to bulwark their defense.
But why must the U.S. again bear a disproportionate share of the burden of defending oil that they need even more than America does?
In the last five months, 13 plants have been closed for environmental reasons, said Mr. Cotta, who is in charge of closing the worst offenders, Four more have been shut because they are no longer economically viable, he said.
''But the troops are still here hiding indoors,'' he said.
They warn of increased air pollution and traffic congestion in the area's heavily clogged streets.
More people are ordering custom tiles, said Ms. Farley, who started her business, Farley Tiles, eight years ago.
Nine-year-old Percy is proudly ensconced in the back seat of the family car, wedged in between relatives, ski equipment and a pot of daffodils.
Standing outside the News building a few minutes later, Mr. Rafferty said he would probably go home.
As the party official answerable for the economy, he reportedly commissioned the ''Novosibirsk Report'' by the sociologist Tatyana Zaslavskaya, which outlined the bleak economic reality behind the rosy, falsified official statistics.
Certainly, my response is anecdotal, but I need to see more convincing evidence for the disturbing conclusions reached by Mr. Lachman and Mr. Kosmin.
But the action by the Security Council may lead to another test of the coalition's solidarity later this month.
Zambia's Leader Falters A failed coup attempt against President Kenneth Kaunda of Zambia appears to have further weakened his political standing.
Objectives in the Gulf So tonight, I want to talk to you about what is at stake, what we must do together to defend civilized values around the world and maintain our economic strength at home.
What we think of as the past is, rather, a romantic concept held by those too young to have any grasp on the meaning of age.
''It was a fabulous event,'' Ms. Gotbaum said, ''But do I think we're going to do it again?
The Soviet Foreign Minister said the drive toward German unification, which suddenly has become the most powerful diplomatic blitzkrieg in modern history, brought concern about the ''revival of sinister shadows of the past.''
Would it have been possible to know what was said there?
Despite this, many Hispanic people in Woodside ''don't feel welcome'' at St. Sebastian's, said Jorge Aleman, a Woodsider of Honduran origin who works with a Hispanic-aid group called Hispanos Unidos.
The move to create new multinational units is largely intended to make the presence of American and other foreign forces in West Germany more palatable to the people there.
At high schools like the one studied by Miss Fordham, teachers and students tended in interviews to express far more concern about the larger socioeconomic factors that bear on academic performance.
''The more we talked the more we realized that we were 180 degrees apart,'' he said.
The article ''Effort on Affordable Housing Is Falling Short of Goal'' (May 27) provided an excellent update on the status of affordable housing in New Jersey.
Other accounts by the border guard authorities said the crowd was up to 7,000 and shouted ''down with the Russian empire'' and ''we demand reunification with Iran'' through electronic amplifiers.
The offer, prepared in a closed-door session of the Parliament and Cabinet, was the Lithuanians' most concerted attempt so far to persuade President Mikhail S. Gorbachev to lift his partial economic embargo and begin negotiations.
Coach knows how to make you feel like it's on your shoulders, at the same time giving you discipline and motivation and support.''
Students applying to the university's 10 four-year undergraduate colleges must generally have a minimum high school average of 80 or be in the top one-third of their graduating class.
Some child-abuse specialists caution that many cases may be classified as unfounded because it is impossible to prove the charges, not because the reports were false.
Mr. Baker presented new ideas in this area but said Soviet officials ''weren't able to respond meaningfully at this time.''
Toll Higher, Dissidents Say The Government says at least 15 people have died since Sunday in clashes inspired by the democracy movement, which started with a public rally Feb. 18.
He was able to enter and leave 20 minutes later without signing in, they said, because the guard at the door knew him.
Petrag Simo, an Albanian diplomat in Belgrade, today also strongly denied reports of unrest.
The total amounted to roughly $2,400 for each person in the country, and, as in every other year since 1986, the rate of growth in health-care spending accelerated.
One juror, Gay Fallows, reached later by telephone, said, "All I will tell you is it was a very, very difficult case, and it was a very difficult decision."
Futures for the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index do not expire in a double witching hour, as they do in a ''triple witching hour''; they will expire next month.
The 32-year-old Smith, acquired by the Cardinals on May 4 for the outfielder Tom Brunansky, has converted 11 of 13 save opportunities.
Large companies that import workers for highly skilled jobs that cannot be filled from our domestic labor pool pay much more just for the paperwork.
Prices farmers received for raw products increased 1.3 percent from February to March, raising the overall commodity index 2.7 percent above a year ago, the Agriculture Department said today.
''According to media insiders, my opponent, Congresswoman Lynn Martin, is making a major purchase of air time on Illinois television stations,'' Mr. Simon wrote in one letter.
A bid from a group led by Chase Manhattan Securities Inc. won the issue, which consisted of serial bonds with maturities from 1991 to 2010.
Zaid Wehbeh, who led the delegation as Mr. Arafat's representative in Lebanon, said an 11-point plan for Christian reconciliation was being drafted, and would be offered to the warring factions.
My wife took me to Reid's - my first stay there - for that portentous anniversary, my 50th birthday.
One of the nice things about the phone is getting calls -- the surprise, and the message implied that someone out there is thinking about you.
Religion is a delicate issue for the American military in Saudi Arabia, where laws are based on the Koran and all religions except Islam are banned.
It has no redeeming qualities.
In January, as he re-tunes his game on the practice tee, he is passing up a chance for some portion of the A.T.&T.
Clinical studies have shown that, in crisis, ones normal defenses are lowered and authentic aid can be given as well as accepted.
Recommended dishes: Oysters on the half shell, foie gras terrine, onion soup, coq au vin, pecan-breaded chicken breast, grilled poussin, grilled lobster with tarragon butter, roasted veal rib, deep-dish apple-and-raisin pie, lemon creme brulee.
I knew when I led the mission to Dresden that I had three relatives down there.
But their offensive line is ordinary, and Mike Schad and Ron Solt, the guards, have not played well.
The only piece of artwork the actress KATHARINE HEPBURN ever donated for charity failed to bring a high enough bid to sell at an auction in New Haven to benefit a 24-hour wildlife shelter.
''Sometimes it's ours; sometimes it's not.
This is the direction most of the wine makers mentioned here are trying to go.
This is especially true if your child is in junior high or high school.
Nothing would do more to alienate ordinary Americans from the entire endeavor than the discouraging sense that the allies are making little more than a token contribution.
She estimated that 9 of every 10 new mothers are physically capable of breast-feeding.
One solution to the deficiencies of the truth boxes would be to analyze the imagery with the same studiousness as the claims and charges.
Stake of Banks All of Mr. Trump's equity interest in the Taj has already been pledged to the commercial banks that rescued his tottering empire several months ago, and some analysts have noted that this means the banks have more to lose than the developer if the casino is forced into bankruptcy.
The Sheraton Midway in St. Paul (I-94 at Hamline Avenue, 612-642-1234) offers convenience for car travelers, since I-94 is the quickest route between the two cities.
Under Bulgaria's previous Communist Government, freedom of religion was guaranteed by law.
He heard about the expense of doing business in Kenya because of the demands for bribes, another negative factor for the budget-conscious director whose company, Malpaso, produced the $10 million movie.
His refusal resulted in a contempt citation, and a Federal court convicted him of contempt of Congress in 1957.
In recent weeks, it has been less.
And current country music serves a much more amorphous listenership: longtime fans, young Southerners raised on rock and people who simply want quiet, well-sung pop.
He has been hospitalized and unavailable for comment since the scandal erupted.
Similarly, many management consulting and public relations companies have offices outside the state where work could be performed.
Now they're not going anywhere.
''It looks like a ghost town,'' said Bill Gibson, a 74-year-old farmer, whose grandfather broke ground on the family's land with a team of oxen in the middle of the 19th century.
Royal Caribbean Cruises, 903 South America Way, Miami, Fla. 33132 (305-379-2601; 800-327-6700 outside Florida; 800-432-6559 in Florida).
The filings, made by Cravath, Swaine & Moore, the law firm representing the F.D.I.C and Resolution Trust, also describe in great detail the efforts behind the agencies' investigation.
The law regulates interstate commerce in firearms and ammunition and requires licenses for gun manufacturers and dealers.
The brawl broke out when Mahorn, scoring a basket, was fouled by Dennis Rodman of Detroit.
The state of Missouri had applied this rigorous standard in refusing to permit the removal of a feeding tube that has kept an irreversibly comatose woman, Nancy Cruzan, alive for more than seven years.
Philosophy on the Highway "We had hoped to use the Elkins Prairie to teach generations of young people what this countryside looked like before we tore it up into sections and fenced lines and blacktopped roads," said Stan Herd, an artist known for creating large images by planting and plowing farmland.
If you're mulling the same decision, here's something else to think about: expectations are that sometime soon Minolta will unveil its version of a professional-level auto-focusing SLR - presumably labeled the Maxxum 9000i.
Now Dr. Asher trains teachers of the learning disabled at the University of Medicine and Dentistry in New Jersey.
There was constant pressure to force Henderson back.
Brent Mydland, the 37-year-old keyboardist for the Grateful Dead rock band, was killed by an overdose of drugs, the office of the Contra Costa County coroner ruled Friday.
Because they do not have any refrigeration, street merchants feel pressure to dispose of their inventory by the end of the day.
Anthony Reed scored 29 points for Tulane (3-11, 1-4), 24 coming after Spencer got into foul trouble.
Apparently, thousands of the coins flowed into Japan in the last year.
Charging that government officials had unlawfully ignored alternatives to rebuilding the West Side Highway as it stands, a coalition of civic groups in New York City announced yesterday that they will sue to force consideration of other approaches.
Note the importance of the spade eight: Without that card, the defense would have no chance.
After some 30 years of not voting, Colin Harris, a marriage registrar, sees Mr. Major's ascension as only another reason not to start doing so now.
Though he is known to represent Lewis Lehrman, Peter Martins, director of the New York City Ballet, and Peter Shaffer, the playwright, as well as Mr. Reagan, he won't say so himself (though an autographed picture of the former President sits on his window sill).
''Because the boys were black,'' she said, ''people want to use stereotypes and say they are rapists and murderers.
Results are in Canadian dollars.
In the meantime the State Department of Agriculture and Markets has prepared a listing of farms selling strawberries.
"So she writes on the Van Wyck," said Mrs. Haendler, "Does her reading on the BQE and Kosciusko Bridge."
Mrs. Lutzner Garay, as the bride will be known, is a freelance writer.
The Carolina League, he noted, has had a 140-game schedule since 1945, but he said the majors want to reduce it to 132 games and would compromise at 136.
Scanning the solar system on Sept. 27, Hubble also took a clear image of the icy nucleus of the Comet Levy at a distance of 100 million miles from Earth, astronomers said.
Beyond the tradition, there also is an unmistakable feeling of togetherness on campus.
According to the charges, Mr. Gotti wanted Mr. O'Connor punished because Mr. Gotti held him responsible for the wrecking of a restaurant owned by a Gambino family member.
Just what it is, though, is somewhat hard to determine.
and start calling them "commercials," as in, "Who's going to win the commercials?"
PIRATES RETAIN DOUGHTY PITTSBURGH, Oct. 13 (AP) - The Pittsburgh Pirates lost a game and a pennant Friday night, but Larry Doughty didn't lose his job.
On Sunday, Steeb takes on Alberto Mancini while Jaite faces Jens Wohrmann.
The sum total of these contradictory statments is to give the impression that the P.L.O.
Although Mr. Wada's unusual vision is distinctly Asian, it is not being applied only to this part of the world.
That encounter led to the arrest of Mr. Daghir and several other people in London today after a long and complex charade carried on by the British and American authorities.
FOR builders, contractors and amateur home decorators Building Details is the stuff of dreams.
The sixth defendant, Steven Lopez, 16, has not made such statements.
Sugar settled 0.27 to 0.38 cent lower, with the contract for delivery in October at 13.70 cents a pound.
In the playoffs, all the teams are good teams."
For the first time in a courtroom, the Government offered evidence today that prosecutors said showed General Noriega's vast wealth and connections to foreign leaders, who conceivably could offer him asylum.
The project was to be completed in 1992, but only two office buildings have been built.
''Thank you,'' Jason chirped when the last page was turned.
my 3-year-old son asked one morning at breakfast.
But it is also hard to imagine how the politics of paying out more a $700 billion annually in pension benefits would play out in a world of slow economic growth and tight government budgets.
The other candidates did not take a position on secession but favored creation of a commission to study the ramifications.
The Nasdaq index rose 6.2 percent for the year ended June 30; the Value Line index dropped 5.4 percent.
Ms. Miller-Wachtel said she had dropped hers by $100,000, but that, too, had produced no bids, not even a low offer that might start a serious negotiation.
''Nobody gets swell-headed because the weather's a great leveler.
''They are entitled to come here now.''
Whether the Rosenbergs, as committed Communists, hoped it would prove valuable seems to many people less unlikely.
AMR has been strong lately, and it was aided yesterday by a report projecting higher earnings for the second quarter and the year by a Timothy Pettee, an analyst for Merrill Lynch & Company.
Mr. Breeden has noted that they also rose in 1988, when the Reagan Administration was considering whether to take action, and began falling after it decided not to do so.
The metallic coating contains aluminum to reflect heat.
We're just thinking, 'Let's win the rest of our games.'
also amended another allegation to reduce from two to one the number of occasions on which a recruit was entertained by an unidentified coach and received free car transportation during a 1987 summer football camp.
To the Editor: I take exception to one key point in the March 21 installment of ''The Trouble With Politics'' (March 18-21).
The exhibition - now in preview for museum members and opening to the public on Wednesday - does not pretend to be comprehensive: the survey of Mexican art stops around 1950.
Years ago in the New York Public Library's Dance Collection, I saw a film of Kirov dancers in Leningrad performing three of the five duets performed in the San Francisco version of "Rodin."
It made others very rich.
The awards, to be presented on Ellis Island, are given by the Statue of Liberty-Ellis Island Foundation to ERIC SEVAREID, PHIL RIZZUTO, STAN MUSIAL, FRANK SINATRA and Ms. Jordan, among others.
But any trainer worth the towel over his shoulder knows enough to weigh his fighter every day in the weeks before a fight, sometimes two or three times a day.
She thought that the same tactics that handcuffed Graf today ought to prove bothersome to Navratilova.
As a result, staff members said, there will be four additional weeks to view shows during the year.
Anti-abortion forces have besought state legislatures for new restrictions that could pose a new court test.
The electronic auctions, which have not yet been held but have been in preparation for more than a year, would bypass the traditonal system of underwriting syndicates, where Morgan is a newcomer and faces fierce resistance from other wall street firms.
Officials Cite Constitution Officials cited an article of the Constitution that says the "President may not be re-elected" unless five years have passed between terms.
The script is based on the book ''Desperadoes'' by Elaine Shannon, a reporter for Time magazine and a veteran observer of the drug scene.
In three weeks, the insurgency was put down in a brutal display of the regime's power.
This genial first novel renders the life of a black Georgia family of the 1950's in rich detail; but humdrum it's not, for the protagonist is a little girl who talks with ghosts.
What emerges is a quite predictable story and characters who for the most part are shallow individuals with little to say of genuine wit or insight.
''I do not think we have a lot of time.
Fines in Locker-Room Case The National Football League fined the New England Patriots and three players a total of $72,500 for humiliating a female reporter.
The 294-unit scale of the project was considered large enough to justify the establishment of an entire production facility, capable of turning out 550,000 square feet of commercial or residential building modules a year.
Yields Are Up The drop in prices has pushed yields to nearly twice their historic norms relative to Treasury securities, and investors are beginning to creep back into the market.
Place in the salad bowl and toss with the scallions.
''At first we used to get scared whenever a bomb went off, but now we are like the residents of Beirut -we just keep going,'' a taxi driver said.
Price: $8, including a training manual.
The Government can still outlaw any organization, ban any publication or place any person under house arrest.
And the Rangers are arguably only a player or two away from being a convincing contender, a star vehicle awaiting a driver.
''I pitched my guts out and, in two minutes, it's all out the window.''
For two students, single days of instruction cost $120 a person.
(He has no connection with the H&R Block tax-preparation company.)
Xu did his best to get counterplay with his advanced passed pawn after 35 .
Trading was hectic at times, dealers said.
THURSDAY: Purchasing managers' monthly survey on the economy.
Apple Computer is bringing a star executive back from Europe to take charge of its U.S. operations.
But Mr. Kristol states that the United States military establishment will then ''probably be slightly superior to Japan's, though perhaps not quite a match for Syria's tanks and air power.''
He is charged by the State of Alaska with criminal mischief, which is a felony, and three misdemeanors: reckless endangerment, the negligent discharge of oil and operating a vessel while intoxicated.
I helped Yakkov construct the box; when it was finished he expressed his appreciation.
The extended range would make flights from Europe or America to Japan possible, and Aerospatiale and British Aerospace hope American, Japanese and even Soviet aircraft makers will join the project.
And it is not clear how much Mrs. Dole might commit in money and personnel to the initiative.
And much of what is known, historians are quick to add, has been passed orally from generation to generation.
''Money should not lie idle if wealth is to be created,'' he said in a recent television interview.
Miss Dyson and Miss Wohl each said that Interleaf's active document technology could represent a fundamental change in the way business information is created and used.
In general, it was not a good year for ballot measures.
Mr. Cuomo jumped on the proposal like an oratorical gymnast.
''What we want is our lives,'' he said, expressing irritation and impatience with ''geopoliticians'' who think they can stop terrorism by refusing to negotiate.
I cannot discern any convincing evidence that the erection of the pyramids had much, if anything, to do with hastening the decline of Egyptian civilization many centuries later.
One player who did not receive a phone call was Freeman McNeil, the former Pro Bowl running back who had become a second-stringer.
In contrast to the experience with most other countries, the deficit with Japan fell in January.
Richard, Judith says, is wonderful with Jeremy.
The new company will be called Siemens-Nixdorf Informationsysteme A.G. Purchase Must Be Approved Industry analysts said Siemens had probably agreed to pay around a billion marks (about $595 million) for control of Nixdorf.
''It was possible that there was AZT toxicity,'' when it was distributed before being approved for marketing, he said.
The superpowers are also coordinating attempts to settle conflicts between their clients in Afghanistan and Cambodia.
Campuses instituted penalties for racially offensive speech.
The four banks were refusing to agree to the second lien on the Trump Tower, even though it is subordinated to the first, and some bankers and lawyers speculated that the foreign banks were holding out to force one or more large American banks to buy out their interest in the loan.
''He also said he would move as aggressively as possible legislatively.
Because poplar trees do not flower for 15 years, the researchers do not yet know whether the herbicide resistance will be inherited by the trees' offspring.
The Giants have swept Washington in each of the last two seasons and have won seven of their last nine meetings.
Kassebaum, R-Kan., no; Kasten, R-Wis., yes; Kennedy, D-Mass., yes; Kerrey, D-Neb., yes; Kerry, D-Mass., yes; Kohl, D-Wis., yes.
The Mexican Government said today that two multinational consortiums and one Mexican group had made formal bids to buy a controlling share in the national telephone company, Telefonos de Mexico.
City transportation officials said moving violations were difficult to enforce because of the rising number of cars on city streets.
Dr. Ulam, who died in 1984, claimed some credit for the achievement but never described his role in detail.
Look at the results in Eastern Europe.
Two free throws by Kirk Manns pushed the Spartans' lead to 44-32.
A ruling by a Federal District judge has put in doubt plans by the Department of Housing and Urban Development to make a number of surprise raids on public housing units on Monday and Tuesday to evict drug traffickers.
The researchers, along with environmental activists and some Government officials, also contend that the demands of the legal process are interfering with the financing of their work, disrupting their timing and distorting their very objectives.
Khalid Reeves scored 22 points to lead the Royals from Middle Village, Queens, and Derrick Phelps added 12 and Mike McNulty 11.
George White, president of the O'Neill Center (where Mr. Richards is artistic director) and co-chairman of the Yale School of Drama's theater administration program, said of Mr. Brustein's comments: ''It's kind of sad that Bob had to do that.
The poles are used to aid forward motion, with the arm opposite the gliding ski moving forward with each stride.
Residential and commercial developers came in on the heels of the demolition of the Third Avenue el structure in 1956.
The Kuwaiti Government has overseas investments worth more than $70 billion, and they produced net investment income of $8.1 billion last year, according to the American Embassy report.
The smaller-sized print dryer goes for $540 and the rock-solid easel for $320.
''I don't believe that at all,'' Mr. Slovo replied.
''We have agreed to hundreds of mitigations,'' he said.
''There's no mayor in my memory who's inherited more serious social problems than Mayor Dinkins,'' said Abraham D. Beame, the former Mayor and a member of a new organization, Concerned New Yorkers for Safety.
In the long run, the deficit and our dependence on oil pose a greater threat to our economy than Saddam Hussein.
Fox or Robin Williams, back down more easily and opt for fast talk over firepower.
The Washington defense is led by the gambling and relentless sophomore Steve Emtman, a 6-4, 280-pound tackle.
Election on March 25 As the March 25 elections approach, many Hungarian families like the Veresses are living on the edge, a state of mind that has given the campaign a peculiarly sullen quality.
Mack's shares rose $1.25 yesterday, to $6.50, and were the second most active on the over-the-counter market's active list, fed by speculation of a possible higher offer.
Later this year they will be introduced in the West.
Ms. Leister's Maria can practice the most outrageous fraud and then appear before her mistress, the countess, utterly amazed, as though she had nothing at all to do with the chaos she has created.
Many people, however, eventually overcome their allergies, particularly if they avoid the food responsible for about a year and then gradually start eating it again.
Mascheroni agrees, and his own furniture designs prove the point.
It makes some sense to watch the Indiana Jones trilogy backward - or more precisely, in reverse chronological order.
''And policemen are targets of the A.N.C.
Stocks came to life in the final half-hour after reports that Iraq might leave Kuwait.
Mattel and Hasbro, by contrast, fetch 9.3 and 10 times earnings.
A daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Terry Nardin of Milwaukee, she graduated from the University of Chicago.
When she decided to emigrate to the United States, frustrated with a low-paying factory job, there was no question that he would follow, she said.
The proceedings were begun after the students failed to comply with a temporary restraining order issued on Tuesday by Justice Harold Tompkins of State Supreme Court, directing them to leave the building.
At a minimum, officials said, the United States expected the Soviet Union to abstain.
Mr. Kaye did not disclose the actual vote, although a person involved in the fight said the challengers won by more than a 2-to-1 margin.
Unfortunately, the style of travel was all too familiar.
Yet even as his sermons narrow into greeting-card messages, Mr. Shanley's ideas about the theater are expanding.
Beyond the Cherry Orchard ''After the dark and stormy winter, you are young again,'' Chekov's heroine, Liubov Andreyeevna, exults hopefully, staring into the theater darkness at the imagined cherry orchard.
In testimony before members of the City Council, Mr. Cole said ''social engineering'' was not needed.
One hope was to find West with a doubleton spade ten, and if that failed, as it did, there were multiple squeeze chances.
Executives at Monsanto said they are concerned about the laws, but expressed hope that the protest has peaked.
The independent news agency Interfax said today that the group of experts, which includes several of Mr. Gorbachev's top economic advisers, would rely heavily on Mr. Yeltsin's so-called ''500 days'' program, an economic blueprint for the Russian republic that envisages a bold break toward a market-based system.
28 New York State's fiscal problems await lawmakers when the Legislature opens a new session Wednesday.
In reviewing the summit conference, Administration officials said an important moment came toward the end, at Camp David, when Mr. Bush and Mr. Gorbachev began talking about their future contacts.
''If we could build a building like that, we could carry the other 700,000 square feet.
In between we are always working on abdominals or trunk strength, his midsection."
''There are certain themes that will forever run through my writing, like the sophomoricism,'' Barry admitted recently over lunch in a mall in South Miami, a ferny suburban refuge of margarine-colored homes and barking Dobermans.
His ticket, combining 18, 25, 26, 32, 42, 44 with 11 as the supplementary number, was validated Monday by the state agency as the only winner of the top prize.
The incentives are to end Sept. 26, the day before G.M.
Nothing here but families and fireplaces and Duraflame logs and children of God.
''We needed a good game,'' Johnson added, taking the long view of the Mets' bad start, ''and he gave it to us.
But Mr. Zusman and many other Soviet Jews in this city, site of Ben-Gurion University of the Negev and several research institutes, say they do not want to go to the troubled territories.
It doesn't take much work.''
When they finally entered en masse in Kern's ''Cotton Blossom,'' they seemed to have cotton balls in their mouths, for all that they enunciated words.
The film is wonderfully well acted by Stephen Lang, Bert Young, Miss Leigh and the other members of the huge cast.
Conservatives like Mr. Pines are delighted at the prospect of full-throated, line-in-the-sand oratorial leadership.
Miss Moran's only immediate survivor is her son, who lives in Sedona.
His father is the chief executive of Highland Talent Payments, a service for advertising agencies and corporations in Cleveland.
We, in fact, supported his invasion of, and war with, Iran."
In a new preface, Joseph Epstein says that despite the rise of empty ambition that came with the materialistic cravings of the 1980's, there is nothing wrong with being obsessed by success.
Balanced between the commercial intent of pop and art's indifference to the audience, the album obscures the boundaries between the two.
Crucial Misplay in Sixth He got good eight-hit support, but still came up the loser in a game that in the final analysis pivoted on a relay throw from the outfield.
Calvin O. Butts 3d in Harlem and the Rev.
JAMES W. PENHA Alfred Gescheidt spotted the sign at the Madison Square Post Office on 23d Street: WARNING.
The Mets' baby winning streak ended at three games last night when Ron Darling didn't survive the second inning and the Chicago Cubs rode on to a 6-3 victory.
But the trend is clear.
On his 70th birthday the Secretary General of the United Nations received good wishes in a call from PRESIDENT BUSH, plus calls and messages from heads of state, foreign ministers and ambassadors of just about every nation.
But she sees little resemblance between her own personality and that of Berniece, the rigid, introverted matron she plays onstage.
Gregory Rockman, a police officer of mixed race, patronized by their white colleagues.
''The Secretary hasn't even signed off on the list and it's just getting everybody stirred up, but maybe that's what they want to do.''
Opponents of the new law and the two dissenting Justices said the court had ruled on the basis of a technicality.
Spending on residential building was up 2.9 percent, to $195.8 billion at an annual rate, in January, largely because of a 2.4 percent gain in single-family homes.
Several generations of my ancestors are buried in the cemetery just a few minutes' walk from it.
Revenues for 1989 are expected to reach $400 million, up from $22.9 million in 1979, according to the company.
Congressmen who have been identified as strong supporters of Israel attacked the Administration's proposed $20 billion arms sale to Saudi Arabia.
* Thomas Industries, Louisville, Ky., a manufacturing company, appointed Timothy C. Brown executive vice president for operations.
This is also a photography problem for me because it often happens when I use a single-lens reflex camera.
Conner, who has not spoken to reporters for two weeks, still had no comment when the game ended.
Montana has demonstrated it so many times this season that it often seems he can win a game by flipping a switch.
In April, South Africa opened a permanent mission in Hungary, after a visit to Budapest in January by South Africa's Foreign Minister, Roelof F. Botha.
There is also something sweet and (in retrospect) sad in his demonstrably easy relations with Mr. Cage, whom he credits with having taught him how to think many years ago, and with his somewhat younger wife, who seems clearly to delight in his mild attempts to act as if he were difficult and crotchety.
A King in the 80's He was called King Kelly through the mid-1980's, when he dominated the sport.
There are both musical and practical reasons that the jalatarangam (the name means ''water wave'') is rarely played now.
Its tapestries hang in the Bergenfield Dumont Jewish Center in Rockleigh, N.Y., and corporate offices and private homes.
Under Ray W. Williams, a former president of the Farah Manufacturing Company who is considered a skilled turnaround expert, Salant began accumulating stock in Manhattan Industries shortly after emerging from Chapter 11.
They became friends while coincidentally living in the same apartment house, after Ms.Bodily was accidentally locked out of her apartment and had to use the fire escape.
But, says Bobo in effect, that is a sort of safety valve, isn't it?
Twenty years later the woman accused her father and said she would testify against him.
The suspect was described as a man by one of the Schultzes' children, who lived with the mother, but three weeks later the police arrested Ms. Bembenek.
Both believe that humans can act sensibly and creatively to forestall their doom.
- Former Vice President Walter Mondale.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Geonex Corp. (OTC) Qtr to Dec 31 1989 1988 Revenue 7,374,000 5,881,000 Net inc 261,000 236,000 Share earns .08 .07 Shares outst 3,472,000 3,407,000 View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Diplomats say that a session of the Security Council at the foreign ministers' level next week, combined with either a presidential statement or a new resolution, would underscore the importance Washington attaches to reversing Iraq's aggression against Kuwait.
''I think it's unfair to characterize the bill as dead because it failed to pass so many times before.
Several years ago, as part of a book in progress, Mel Gussow began exploring the creative process behind the Broadway musical ''West Side Story,'' which had its premiere in 1957.
He was an assistant United States attorney until his election in 1933 as Secretary of State in Connecticut.
The assessment board has clearly moved closer in recent months toward setting goals and standards by which students taking the tests will be measured in the future.
"I can remember seeing him on the Statehouse steps and thinking, 'What does he think he's doing?'
They are 13-6-2 in games with five available defensmen and they are 4-4-3 in the 11 games they have been forced to play with four of their regulars.
But the backside of his pants was as clean as if it had just come out of a washing machine.
Modern America has turned facades inside out.
''The American public incorrectly labels the airline pilot as greedy, complacent or downright irresponsible,'' the Air Line Pilots Association said in a plea to its members for donations to pay for the campaign, which could run more than $1 million.
These cheeses are matured three months on the farm anyway: I bought one of each in May, kept them at the suggested temperature, turning them weekly, rewrapping as often as necessary, and by Christmas they were beyond sublime, the stars of our annual party.
Some routes even overlap: both include flights to Heathrow from Los Angeles and from Kennedy and Newark International Airports in the New York area.
Aside from Li Ruihuan, the most widely mentioned candidates for promotion are Zhu Rongji, the ruler of Shanghai, and Ye Xuanping, the Governor of Guangdong Province.
But will Soviet citizens accept the inequality of income?
Because many women have spent their early years as mates and mothers nurturing others, middle age often seems to them a well-deserved opportunity for self-development and, in many cases, career development.
In early trading, the Dow had climbed 25 points, buoyed by investors' perceptions that the Treasury refunding auction, in which it was offering $10 billion of 30-year bonds, was going well.
He was referring to the $1.15 fare; the $6 billion capital budget for the period 1987-91, the second consecutive five-year capital program for $6 billion, and the $3 billion operations budget for 1990.
''We have made sure that Houston is a picture perfect backdrop,'' she said.
Most workshops send out brochures that describe their offerings in detail and give some background information about the instructors.
Ms. Edelman, who founded the Washington-based advocacy group, said the nation, battered by racism, drug abuse, dishonesty and corruption, had entered a ''new era of struggle.''
Federal regulators last year charged Mr. Keating in a civil racketeering suit with having looted Lincoln, and sought damages of $1.1 billion.
Fashion is more than the right length of skirt or the correct cut of jacket.
Wheat was 3 cents to 9 cents lower, with September at $2.66 a bushel; corn was 2 1/4 cents to 4 3/4 cents lower, with September at $2.45 1/4 a bushel; oats were 2 1/4 cents to 3 3/4 cents lower, with September at $1.01 a bushel, and soybeans were 1 cent to 5 cents lower, with September at $6.02 1/2 a bushel.
11 11 6 HAMMERHEADS, by Dale Brown.
Ng4 8 Bg1 Nh6 9 h3 f6?!
''Either someone was way off or the bureau way undercounted Essex County,'' said Kimball W. Brace, president of Election Data Services, a political consulting concern firm that specializes in the census.
But why'd he have to scar me up?''
Mr. Smith is survived by his wife, the former Roberta Foard; two sons, Wendell, of Rowayton, Conn., and Robert, of Newtonville, Mass.
''I didn't talk very much with Keith at all,'' Carter said.
It is not stringent regulation, but it meets the demands and needs of the time.''
Where Mr. Ade and Mr. Obey use a pedal steel guitar, Mr. Abiodun's band substituted synthesizer whooshes or glissandos from Mr. Abiodun's own guitar.
Stock prices swayed up and down yesterday, with the Dow Jones industrial average finally closing off 3.47 points.
A small-business executive might create an index of suppliers.
UAL stock fell sharply after the release of the four-page letter.
Traders said initial speculation about progress in negotiations on cutting the Federal budget helped buoy the market, only to depress it when nothing official developed.
One year Santa sported a tennis racket (''Merry Christmas, Anyone?
And yet for all the drumming fingers on steering wheels and anxious glances, once the drivers get to the farms, a glass of fresh apple cider, a dozen doughnuts and pumpkins the size of many small children help to relieve the tension.
''Generally speaking Japanese are not willing to entertain change,'' Mr. Sugawara said after his speech.
They believe the virus induces white blood cells to make a nerve poison, which in turn attacks brain cells.
He and another leading boomster, Herman Kahn, edited a book in 1984, "The Resourceful Earth," rebutting the gloomy forecasts of the Government's "Global 2000 Report" prepared under President Carter.
Some paperwork that used to take two months now takes five or six.
Federal and state work safety agencies ban workers, both male and female, from job sites if they have lead above certain levels in the blood.
Over the last three weeks, strikes by Sandinista-controlled unions have stopped work in everything from the public school system to the state-run television monopoly to the Foreign Ministry.
To cut institutional costs, the army has canceled maneuvers, has released about 40,000 recruits one month early from service, and has trimmed working hours so that most soldiers and officers eat at home from Friday lunch through Monday lunch.
Last November, before putting its spot broadcast and newspaper account into review, Fox decided to do its own network-television buying, taking that assignment away from Thompson.
''The simple truth is that if people don't have jobs, they are not going to ride,'' said Jared Lebow, a spokesman for the authority.
And he builds sand castles.
''I have a house, a home, a dorm room,'' she said.
This season, the payroll for Cleveland's 12-man roster will total $15,700,000, by far the highest in the league.
1 in the number of deals, with 53.
In spite of attempts to seal off leaks, hydrogen fuel seeped from the space shuttle Atlantis in tests today, and the craft will be removed from its Florida launching pad for more extensive repairs, space agency officials said.
Mario M. Cuomo announced that in five years the state would buy 268 cars and buses powered by alternative fuels.
Champagne Musicale Oct. 16 - The Opera Orchestra of New York, which has been presenting concert versions of rarely heard operas by major composers in Carnegie Hall for 21 years, will benefit from a champagne reception and musicale starting at 8:30 P.M. at the Union Club, 101 East 69th Street.
But he soon dropped the conversation and craned his neck around, pursed his lips, stuck his hands in his pockets and glared at the nearest aide until his car finally appeared.
He gets little or no help from either the clergy or the Colombian consulate, but he does meet a tenor named Antonio (Gerardo Arellano), who dreams of getting out of the chorus and becoming a principal soloist.
Both Hardy and Bremer were given 24 hours' notice to appear at emergency hearings to determine the temporary removal of their newborns.
The Andante espressivo was particularly satisfying, moving through mysterious and touching quiet passages to a fortissimo ending with a real sense of triumph.
In Seattle, a homeless man froze to death.
Will we have enough cash on hand in November to pay expenses?
Steven Penchina, co-founder of Penchina, Selkowitz, said the agency would continue to operate under the D.M.B.& B. umbrella, but added: ''I'm sad.
On Thursday, Great Northern Nekoosa asked United States District Judge Gene Carter in Portland to issue a preliminary injunction halting the takeover attempt by Georgia-Pacific as well as its move to have Great Northern Nekoosa's board ousted.
These young men, all in impeccable white shirts, shorts and socks, are, next to the silent, ghost-propelled white sails, the wonder of Club Med 1.
GAZETTEER Population: 8,000 (1990 estimate).
An idea is generally referred to as a concept these days, merits billing in the program (as in "Concept by .
Ms. Rossner's second large concern, examined in conjunction with Hollywood as illusion-making machine, is the nature of her own craft.
He uses orzo with wild rice for a salad, or mixed with roasted red peppers, eggplant and olives.
The Athletics never came close to getting a hit.
While the influx is a far cry from the tens of thousands of Soviet Jews who have already been welcomed by Israel, many more would likely apply to come here if they believed they had any chance of success.
An adjoining brief profile of Mr. Lehtinen's deputy Myles Malman referred to him incorrectly.
He can also exploit bravura steps to their fullest.
John and Yoko Slept Here The suite where Yoko Ono and the late John Lennon began their ''bed-in for peace'' 21 years ago at the Amsterdam Hilton has been re-created as it was at the time, with a few concessions to the luxuries expected by the people who bought Beatles records in the 60's.
He said he got back 60 detailed responses in two days.
Computer Bar Code The key to the Waldenbooks program is the customized bar code on membership cards, similar to the bar code that is scanned on purchases at supermarkets.
''To some extent it is mirror-imaging from his own country -first you talk to the power structure, then you talk to the cultural and intellectual community.''
's target price, even accounting for discounting, was far above the upper limit for successful consumer electronics products.
However, he did at least make it possible for black artists to be seen, to be publicized and to escape some of the humiliations to which they had been routinely subjected.
At a news conference after the sentencing, the lawyers, Paul Meltzer of Santa Cruz, Calif., and Robert Luskin of Washington, said they would appeal the conviction.
did not bring its formal 18-count complaint against the company until Jan. 31.
''We've spent the last year putting these two enormous companies together,'' Mr. Bible said yesterday, ''but there's still quite a bit to be done.
A friend offered me some coke, and I got hooked."
* General Mills Inc., Minneapolis, the foods company, will build a 275,000-square-foot breakfast-cereal manufacturing plant in Albuquerque, N.M., for more than $100 million.
Administration officials said that since the Iraqi attack began they have asked the Israelis to maintain as low a profile as possible and to refrain from any unilateral military activity.
Usually clematis that bloom early in summer flower on old wood and are not pruned.
The comic style - a spritz followed by a topper - derives from the Catskills via Las Vegas, but in his heart, Mr. Mason has the retaliatory instincts of a political commentator.
After the Kuwait invasion, Mr. Hussein asked for new volunteers, and the Government announced that applications from more than six million people - at least a third of the population - had been received.
Mr. Smith made his decision to run on Monday, came to Rye on Wednesday, when he was interviewed by Mr. Rinfret, and was nominated by acclamation today.
In his first two months in office, Mr. Florio proposed slashing the state budget, raising taxes, banning assault rifles and revamping the automobile insurance industry.
''You are all so infatuated with Gorbachev,'' scolded a middle-aged man marching through Red Square on May Day as part of an unofficial column organized by groups demanding greater democracy.
Would O'Brien remain with the team if Eason wins the starting job?
"They could have contested our policy, but it just would have created a situation where nobody wins."
Still, accounts based on contemporary sources portray a New York horrifying even by today's debased standards.
It is here, too, that modernity seems most intrusive: visitors have left evidence of their stay by scrawling their names on the sandstone; the soot of Bedouin farmers has blackened some of the old dwellings carved from the rock, and the old cisterns have been used as garbage dumps.
Telemundo is also based in New York.
''But if the movie earns them prestige and no profit, they'll say it's O.K.
3 in Sterlitamak, U.S.S.R. [ 10:3. ]
Ms. Swinford, who teaches at Garden Oaks, told of film projectors so old they belonged in museums, and chronic paper and pencil shortages.
He is survived by his wife, Mary Mays-Carroll; two daughters, Nancy Blanning of Denver and Ginger Golz of Akron, Ohio; two sisters, Catherine Auld of Pasadena, Calif., and Sister Bernadette Mary Carroll of Orange County, Calif.; a brother, Joe, of Lake San Marcos, Calif., and six grandchildren.
Mr. Otterness clearly believes the prehistoric side of the human animal will be every bit as strong in the future as it has been in the past.
Never shy of publicity, the heavyset, 56-year-old Panamanian leader has frequently made himself the center of political events.
Indeed, over the last decade Algeria's passive involvement with various Lebanese and Iranian terrorist groups has allowed it to play the role of mediator in ending many airplane hijacking incidents and bringing the return of kidnapped victims.
I felt I wasn't living up to my potential.''
Cleaner is better, they insist, no matter what the green-eyeshade types say.
Fully half of infected people harbor the bacteria for one month after they recover and can transmit the infection to others if their personal hygiene is lax.
Partly as a result of American pressure, the official said, King Fahd had issued a statement only two days before ruling out direct talks with Iraq on any key issue.
His flashy custom-made suits and see-through designer socks are in glitzy contrast to the stoop-shouldered, baggy-suited look of his gangster predecessors.
It is my job to make sure that we continue to flow forces until I am sure that I am prepared to execute whatever options the President is prepared to select.
Everyone agrees that had she been buckled into a special child restraint seat as Florida law requires, she would have survived.
Eight-millimeter was conceived as a tape format for compact camera/recorder combinations and could best perform this application.
That was the total of the joint effort, the total of their contribution to the very beginning of the underpainting of a canvas that, ultimately, layers later, became ''Blue Poles.''
Mario M. Cuomo spoke with Mayor Dinkins yesterday morning, offering help by state agencies.
He and Father Ritter agreed, he said, that he would manage the job and hire local contractors, who would be paid separately by Covenant House.
Just what is is and who he is remain unclear.
All told, 54 of Stravinsky's works will be performed in the series, ranging from an early Scherzo for Piano (1902) through his final work, a setting of ''The Owl and the Pussy Cat'' (1966).
He wrote a two-volume history of the anti-Fascist resistance in Florence, where he took part in the 1944 uprising.
That is what the nostalgia maven Mike Palmer is calling the session of talk and clips he is offering at 2:30 P.M. at the Huntington Library, 338 Main Street.
But Dr. Steinberg said that Michelangelo had other concerns in mind than anatomical literalness.
Photographs were selected and laid out and maps chosen; source notes, acknowledgments, lists of interviews and documents, and a bibliography were word-processed.
Mr. Shedd was the lead lawyer in a major voting rights case that ended in a settlement.
Caught Off Guard in 1989 Asked to explain why the Administration would not invite deeper cuts on both sides, Mr. Baker said: ''Well, because we have just made a proposal of our own which we think is the correct proposal and it is not up to us to go to the Soviet Union inviting amendments to the President's proposal.''
Bruce Berg, playing a 1770 violin modified to period style, sounded dutiful but little more, and laid on the vibrato with modern ubiquity instead of period selectivity.
After seven months at the Crab Trap, Mr. Grant was coaxed back into college by Kevin Bannon, the head basketball coach at Trenton State College, who convinced the 18-year-old that his dreams would never be realized in any schoolyard.
Miss Stansfield, who turns 24 years old today, grew up in Rochdale, England, near Manchester.
Is that because of Congressional privilege?
All this may not be bad in itself, but does it improve teaching?
''You only have to look at these islands to see how ludicrous the idea of development is,'' said Supervisory Ranger Chris Johnson, 32 years old, as he guided his patrol boat through the three-foot-deep shoals near Ragged Key No.
A statement by Eastern indicated that its ''appeal is likely to take some time.''
Year-ago results are restated and included only the month of March when the company began commercial production.
His new book, ''The Great Good Place,'' (Paragon House, $19.95) details the loss of what Dr. Oldenburg calls ''third places'' between work and home, hangouts like bars, coffee shops, pool halls, beauty parlors or general stores.
The Medical Society could render a service to the public by publishing the names of physicians willing to care for Medicaid patients.
Nevertheless, the company faces a deficit of $577,500 this fiscal year.
So in the weapons industry, the cash in an overfunded pension fund, which companies might claim as their own, could be claimed by the Government.
Mr. Boucher said that as a result of a review of Iraq trade relations being conducted by the Administration in recent months, the Commerce Department is developing new regulations that will tighten controls on exports of some items, like industrial equipment, that could be used for the production of nuclear or chemical weapons.
Which suggests that even if crime does not pay, death and detection can give a committed actor like Mr. Marsden a rare creative muscle.
Some of the tapes are expected to be played at the trial today.
The girl in the photos with the semi-nude men was me, 15 years ago.
After repairs have been made, the mosaic will be replaced, partly with new soapstone from the original quarry in Brazil.
Now that technology has begun to erode this barrier, the untalented are moving in fast.
For the biggest argument in favor of narrow gauge in its boom years, the 1870's and early 80's, was that it cost less to build and run a narrow-gauge line than a standard-gauge one.
FOR 3-D video holography to become universally accepted, several hurdles must be overcome.
It also fixes broken zippers, reinstalls snaps and does other canvas repairs.
Raymond Lacombe, head of the French farmers, said he would try to persuade his members to stop their hijackings, but the attacks have continued.
Charitable donations provide one of the few tax deductions left largely intact in the huge overhaul of the nation's tax laws in recent years, an important consideration for the 85 percent of people who say they give.
Gary Watson was named yesterday as president of a newly consolidated newspaper group at the Gannett Company, effective Oct. 1.
And adopting it does not rob the terms dance and ballet of all meaning.
As always in popular culture, there are a few counter-examples.
Senators are essentially hoping to attach their proposals to a bill that will ultimately pass in one form or another.
Moore, the Syracuse star, is a probable starter opposite Al Toon.
Mr. Cohen was most harshly criticized - unfairly he has said - for fumbling Shearson's effort to get into the big leagues of the debt-financed corporate takeovers with its failed effort to participate in a management buyout of RJR Nabisco.
His demeanor changes slowly, shockingly, from swaggering confidence to ultimate horror.
Millions in Royalties The company whose system is chosen as the standard could earn millions of dollars in royalties and get a jump in manufacturing television sets that meet the new specifications.
The first third, for example, is dominated by writing highly reminiscent of 17th- and 18th-century satire -- Dryden's "MacFlecknoe" or Pope's "Dunciad."
And what's with the all-black outfits that are becoming the uniform of waiters south of Canal Street?
There are 420 kitchens in Villa el Salvador run by church and municipal officials and neighborhood associations.
The Northerner would recall Shiloh's meadow as where his leg got shot clear through; forever after, he walked with a dreadful wobble, couldn't cross the room without a cane.
Kenya is one of Washington's closest allies in Africa and the United States Navy has access to the base at the Kenyan port of Mombasa.
Newsweek and Time magazines were able to send their first correspondents into Iraq this week.
If it's actually doing environmental damage, I sure haven't been able to locate any.
A cultivated, urbane lover of opera, an admirer of the Jugendstil style of Viennese turn-of-the-century art, a collector of the works of Gustav Klimt - and of the stamps of Mitteleuropa.
Now that the center of the European Community universe is about to shift to Luxembourg, political experts say the Andreotti Government may be doomed.
In April 1974, an armed gang led by a young woman burst into Russborough, the elegant 18th-century stone mansion in Blessington, Ireland, of Sir Alfred Beit, a gold-mining millionaire.
Like many applicants, I was mesmerized by the promise of the truly ''progressive'' education described in the college's catalogue.
''Driving Miss Daisy'' was not optioned by the Zanucks prior to its stage premiere.
Call 787-4282 for reservations or information.
Single sterling teaspoons were fetching $100, and with those high prices, demand for silver tableware was cut in half.
Mr. Mendes, 44 years old when he died, was a rubber tapper, one of about 2,000 people who make a living collecting latex, nuts, resins and other natural products of the Amazon forest.
That's not how everyone else sees it, though.
First Withdrawal Rejected The Commissioner's decision, along with a two-paragraph cover letter, was sent today to Donald R. Frahm, the chairman of ITT Hartford, only hours after the Commissioner executed the order.
''Shark can be taken off menus,'' said Mr. Brannon, who has been in the fishing industry for more than 20 years.
Casting an Eye on California Both at the White House and on Capitol Hill, politicians are going to be watching closely the result of a vote in California on June 5.
Future generations will thus have to tighten their belts to finance the pensions of the baby boomers.
The State Department statement expressed "deep disappointment with the lack of commitment of the Government of Guatemala to protect human rights."
And asked whether he would cut interest rates, he was strenuously noncommittal.
And the variations are not at all esoteric; they go on all the time, everywhere, with every social and economic group.
Mr. Hollyday, a 20-year-old alto saxophonist, devoted his set to modal jazz - uptempo pieces, a ballad by McCoy Tyner and a midtempo piece by his pianist, Larry Goldings -which brought out the influence of Jackie McLean in his playing.
In his ruling, issued June 4, Judge Kenyon held that the supervisors deliberately weakened the strength of the county's Hispanic voters by spreading the Hispanic population across several districts when voting boundaries were changed after the 1980 Federal census.
At the same time, many Asians turned their names around, so that the surname or family name no longer comes first, Dr. Ashley said.
Dealers who sell vehicles made by G.M., the strike target of the United Automobile Workers, increased their inventories to an average 73-day supply at the end of August, compared with a 58-day supply a year ago.
But Bruce Kern, the director of economic affairs for Alameda County, worries that the Bay Area presents special obstacles that discourage new industry, primarily housing costs -the most expensive in the nation - and stringent local environmental regulations.
But she shared with her husband a dissatisfaction with Freudian orthodoxy that led them to the innovations that developed into Gestalt therapy.
In 1989, Miss Martin returned to New York for a tribute to the television work of Richard Rodgers and to see "Jerome Robbins's Broadway," which reprised "I'm Flying" from "Peter Pan."
He joined the merchant marine in 1940 and emerged a lieutenant commander at the end of World War II.
The landmarks commission voted Tuesday on the Milsteins' latest proposal, for a 12-story office building with 407,000 square feet, designed by Platt & Byard Architects.
How much are his children collecting in royalties for his brilliant performance in ''The Last Man to Die''?
Later, a more permanent advisory group is expected to be established for the dance line.
They are delicious poached and cooled, then dressed with vinegar and oil.
At that point the Dow rose 6.18 points.
Clearly, the downturn in the American economy has eased the labor shortage for entry-level and low-wage jobs.
About a year ago, India's Supreme Court decreed a settlement that ordered Union Carbide to pay the central Government $470 million to compensate the victims.
That helped push Game Two into extra innings, where the Reds won it in sudden-death drama in the 10th inning, 5-4.
''Every time I walk somebody, something bad happens.
In ''1919: America's Loss of Innocence,'' Eliot Asinof takes an original path to illuminate some of the dark corners in the history of the United States.
Here, production executives are selected not by training or experience or even potential.
But so far, the only model is a Japanese-language one.
And they don't take ''no'' for an answer.
This type of search is only effective where a very defined skill, such as computer programming, for example, rather than the ability to manage or relate to people, is the most critical factor of the hire.
The holdings of Interpublic, based in New York, include the Lintas Worldwide and McCann- Erickson Worldwide agencies.
Defunct Federal Agency The group, consisting of doctors, researchers and public representatives concerned with hearing problems, was particularly critical of a decision by the Federal Government in 1982 to eliminate the Office of Noise Abatement and Control within the Environmental Protection Agency.
), which governs world soccer, and Maradona returned.
Mr. Zakarian - whose name was also misspelled in the report - is to be the chef at a restaurant at 142 Mercer Street, owned by Mr. McNally and Mr. Zakarian, which is scheduled to open this year.
When 19-year-olds have not learned how to spell simple words, use a book index or write a reaction paper after 13 years of schooling, it seems less that they have not had the time to acquire such skills than that they do not have the inspiration.
Last year he caught 15 passes for 160 yards and two touchdowns, and returned 15 punts for 107 yards.
The game's first goal came from a rather unexpected source.
Job Sharing Is Foreseen In nuclear plants, the limits might require that some jobs be shared among more people or that some people work only part of the year in jobs in high-radiation areas.
Lab officials contend that taking a protectionist view of science is dangerous.
A native of Chicago, he played college ball at Xavier University in New Orleans before joining the Globetrotters.
Mr. Felzenberg, who differed sharply with Mr. Frohnmayer over his administrative practices and the agency's process of grant approval, was asked to leave the endowment when Mr. Frohnmayer accused him of leaking confidential information to the press.
''Almost four days,'' Dottie said.
George, an Indianapolis native, now has the rare chance to play professionally at home.
All await a regular pickup, like household garbage, to be properly disposed of by the French military.
Arthur S. Flemming, who served as Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare in the Eisenhower Administration and now leads a coalition of advocates for the elderly, said, ''If the budget summit agreement is put into effect, it's clear that Medicare beneficiaries would be paying far more out of their own pockets than has been the case up to the present.''
The local party should have taken more decisive measures to solve the housing problem.''
What they have in common is the goal of eliminating what's called ''chromatic aberration.''
Lemieux, Muller and Sundstrom were put together by Cunniff even though they had not even practiced together once.
''We deplore the terrorist threats which have led to these decisions.
It may also be true, as some say, that he had a huge respect for Borg, who was at the top when McEnroe was winding his way up there.
Check with your local Cooperative Extension office for a spray schedule.
The dialogue of the playwright, Marsha A. Jackson, isn't altogether as lamentable as that, and Cassie has more than a few snappy one-liners.
In reply to an I.R.A.
The loss dropped the Redskins to 4-3, leaving them in second place in their division, three games behind the Giants.
CNA Financial rose 1 1/8, to 65 3/8; Alleghany 2 1/4, to 83 3/4, and CMS Energy 1 3/4, to 27, after an administrative law judge recommended the utility recover $1.34 billion after abandoning a nuclear power plant.
W. Allan Anderson's tiny trade office on Toronto's Richmond Street is still too new to have a permanent nameplate on the door.
(AP) Hawks 105, Jazz 87: In Atlanta, Dominique Wilkins scored 20 points, including 5 in a first-quarter run that gave the Hawks control.
Though I am hardly an old man, not having yet passed fifty, I am quite bald, and this seems to offend many women.
Upstairs at the Bereshith Cultural Institute, the students in Renee Buggee's sixth-grade language arts class presented holiday poems, written in calligraphy on special paper, to the religious leader Kohain Nathanyah Halevi, as he is formally called.
But Drawicz announced that there would be ''no purges and no witch hunt,'' while asking that ''party membership cards .
Robert J. Bretz, chairman of the association's business survey committee, said that although the index was the highest since June 1989, ''the steady declines in both the vendor delivery index and the price index confirms a continued weakness in the underlying economy in this, the eighth year of recovery.''
Orwell's description of Big Brother's attempts to destroy and pervert sexual life is exactly and literally true.
Ellis left with 6 points.
Mr. Lee now draws inspiration from other men who chose what he calls self-deliverance.
Two of the old camps are now inns.
Prices of Treasury bonds continued to climb yesterday, largely as a result of plunging oil prices.
Anton Furst was cited for art direction and Peter Young for the film's set decoration.
Actually, three of Kurilko's punts were within the 5, and another, he booted from his goal-line to the Penn State 27.
Under the plan filed by the preferred stockholders in Federal Bankruptcy Court in Manhattan, Eastern would be run by new management and it would become independent of the Texas Air Corporation, its parent.
The victory was the 355th of Syracuse coach Jim Boeheim's 15-year career, tying him with Lew Andreas as the coach with the most victories in Syracuse history.
Mr. Held, who is projecting that consumer prices jumped a full percentage point in August, said even a number that big might not prompt much reaction in the credit markets.
Other berried plants for the landscape are the bayberries and euonymus.
It draws on English, French and Italian traditions and ingredients in a manner that recalls the menu and cooking style of Chez Panisse, Alice Waters's restaurant in Berkeley, Calif.
Between the first charges and the cancellation of its contract with Battelle, United States Testing provided data that weapons experts say were used by the Department of Energy, the E.P.A.
The Rams, beating their rival for the first time in four years, raised their overall record to 6-3 and Western Athletic Conference mark to 5-1.
Joe Glezman, the commander of the sex crimes unit in the Houston police department.
The complications that preceded the official opening, which will take place on Saturday, could serve as a metaphor for the recent history of Berlin and its divided country, said Wolfgang Polak, director of the official East German body that organizes exchanges of exhibitions.
If pressed, the two authors might be able to agree on something like ''The Earth: Love it or leave it.''
But no one knows if the Zairian, who was not identified, ever developed AIDS.
And while the objectivist conceit is that it gives the scholar a handle on the world, he said, ''I don't think these people have the world in tow; I think they are afraid they don't.''
(Renault does not have a significant amount of stock trading.)
For example, two married New York City schoolteachers each earning the maximum would have combined incomes of $105,500 under the new teachers' contract.
Nelson A. Rockefeller's country home in Tarrytown, N.Y., and designed interiors for Columbia University, Mt.
But Mr. Kastenmeier fit neither specification.
It will use that fund to pay the debt service on the old 1987 bonds for the next seven years.
There are about 1,500 paint producers nationwide, according to the National Paint and Coatings Association, a trade group in Washington.
Troubled Teamsters And Simple Verities When Mr. Feinstein isn't lobbying or plotting intrigues - like his unsuccessful attempt to force a Liberal Party primary to challenge the selection of Rudolph W. Giuliani as the party's mayoral candidate last year - he is putting the same skills to work for teamsters leaders.
''While we are disappointed with our first-quarter results, we expect to return to profitability in our second quarter,'' Lawrence J. Ellison, Oracle's president and chief executive, said.
Judge Harold A. Ackerman of Federal District Court in Newark has scolded Roche's lawyers, once calling their objections to a document ''silly,'' ''too insubstantial to discuss'' and ''flat wrong.''
Without public bid, contracts to haul voting machines from warehouses to polling places went to the companies chosen by county leaders.
Mr. Lama was a mid-level employee who had access to securities held by Salomon, an official with the firm said.
A former agriculture professor at Prairie View A&M University, Mr. Sams worked for 13 years to win voting rights for students at the predominantly black college.
In many ways, Ronald Reagan is more interesting as a phenomenon than an individual, more for what he says about us than what he says about himself.
He experienced discomfort in his left shoulder - the same shoulder that underwent arthroscopic surgery last August - but said he was fine.
That, he said, takes into account $800 million it receives as the result of the $222 annual surcharge.
Said Ron Weber, president of Weber Executive Search, a management-recruiting concern in Huntington, L.I.
Many users of performance-enhancing drugs appear to have continually bested the testing process; it does not appear that this will change in the near future.
Return From Isolationism The other part of Mr. Menem's strategy is to seek a respectable place for a country that has lived in isolation for most of this century, beginning at a time when Argentina was so rich from the sale of wheat and hides to a poor and war-torn Europe that it thought it could afford to close its doors and enjoy its wealth.
Some of the company's junk bonds have traded at distressed levels this year.
Yet only 2 percent of the students reported taking an elective course in preventive medicine.
Family farmers have become accustomed to strange right-wing groups with instant ''solutions'' to the mess United States agricultural policy is in.
With a permit that allows him to graze 1,563 animals this year, he stands to make just under $400,000, assuming that every one of those cattle is eventually sold.
Tickets $40; 212-355-6110, or $55 at the door.
(editorial, Dec. 6), you seek to justify the takeover of Lebanon by Syria's President Hafez al-Assad without any consideration of the aspirations of the Lebanese.
"It will be fiscal triage, a revolution," said an adviser to Mr. Weld who spoke on the condition of anonymity.
Although there is no clear boundary, experts say children 20 percent above their ideal body weight for age, sex and height are too fat, or obese.
Penn State Stymied Eddie Fogler, the Vanderbilt coach and a former New York City cabdriver, will lead the Commodores into their first post-season tournament championship in school history.
The economist said that although some students had been injured in clashes with special police forces on Sunday and Monday there had been no fatalities.
Tranghese and Sam Jankovich, the Miami athletic director, said the eventual solution could come from one of several options: a relationship with programs in the Atlantic Coast Conference or Southwest Conference; the addition of several eastern schools to the Big East for football only, or a complete expansion of the conference.
14 Oklahoma over Illinois State in the first round of the All-College Tournament.
In ''Constititional Diplomacy,'' Professor Glennon writes as if he had a crystal ball that foretold the events now unfolding in the Persian Gulf.
The Safe Flight Instrument Corporation pioneered the development of wind-shear warning systems, beginning in 1975.
''Our athletic director is a Ph.D.,'' the director replied.
The First Round The league will announce the complete first-round playoff schedule today.
"He asks a lot of intelligent questions, which is nice.
The Bush Administration knew that to seize or disable a Chinese vessel would probably destroy any chance of further collective measures at the Security Council, where China has veto power, and could turn world opinion against the United States.
Unlike other Presidential libraries, the Nixon library will open without Presidential papers.
One seat is vacant in a heavily Democratic district.
Now that there's no Soviet Army to speak of, people look around and see it has become much more palatable.''
''But when she died, Helen warranted only a two-inch obituary in the local paper.
The licenses are supposed to provide protection for the public, not an excuse to exact tribute from the regulated.
The Highlands' other top-class hotels are more modern in design and spirit.
During his time in China, he developed a technique for feeding and infecting sand flies that is still in use by researchers today.
For This Week: In colder regions it is still too early to plant tomatoes, eggplants, seed of any beans particularly limas, or squash, seedlings of impatiens and begonias; wait for another week or two because the soil and nights must be warm.
Dressed in steel gray slacks and a plum shirt, with a white silk aviator's scarf flung casually over one shoulder, he seemed almost to glow.
2, and Frederick Bianchi, who won $1,000 for his "Rauschenberg Variations."
''Some of them were carrying two-by-fours.
At 17, he threw 253 feet with the men's javelin then in use.
Coming back was the same.
Further, Sally will not be any more interested in you now than she was back then.
#400 Residents Were Relocated The blast produced a tremendous geyser of steam, killing two Con Edison workers and a woman sleeping in her nearby apartment and spraying about 50 buildings with a 30-foot jet of asbestos-laced mud.
That may seem like kind of a strange group of people to turn to, but I wonder how many veterans of our war had anybody like that?''
Mayor David N. Dinkins yesterday nominated three lawyers to serve on the New York City Conflicts of Interest Board, the five-member body that considers questions of ethical conduct involving city officials and employees.
"I made friends, and apparently also enemies."
Largely because of an influx of people moving north from metropolitan New York, the population of those eight counties has grown about 7 percent in the last 10 years, more than the state average, to 1,360,910, according to preliminary figures from the 1990 Census, up from 1,278,232 in 1980.
Nature of Conflict Will Shape Impact Mr. Khalilzad and others argued that in addition to length, much depended on the nature of the conflict - the depth and breath of Arab participation, the role of the Soviet Union and European states, where the war was fought and the nature of the provocation that sparked it.
Richard Barr, a spokesman for the New York State Attorney General's Office, says the Resolution Trust Corporation, the agency set up to manage and dispose of assets acquired by failed savings and loan associations, is still reviewing its policy concerning nonpurchasing tenants in the co-op building you refer to, 444 East 57th Street.
Reissuing 'Bernstein' Ballantine Books said yesterday that it was going back for a new printing of ''Bernstein,'' by Joan Peyser, a biography of Leonard Bernstein, who died on Sunday.
* India's long-term debt rating has been lowered to Baa-1, from A-2, and its short-term debt rating has been lowered to Prime-2, from Prime-1, by Moody's.
''There is no other choice,'' he declared in his speech in which, as expected, he offered his blessing on the creation of a separate branch of the party for the Russian republic as a concession to the increasing assertiveness by the nation's 15 republics in the face of central authority.
The new building plan evolved when the museum's art school in the west wing closed in 1985.
He was in jail here last week when the New Jersey Supreme Court finally ruled in the case known as Abbott v. Burke and accepted its premise that lack of money has meant an inferior education for children in Camden and 27 other poor urban school districts.
Medallion cabs pick up passengers on the street and are limited to 11,878 vehicles.
Under further questioning, Mr. Harch said he had respect for Mr. Milken's sales abilities.
Rather, the Justices are likely to use the case to resolve some unsettled questions about the legal standards for dismissing such cases.
''There are some new ideas,'' he said after two hours with Mr. Mubarak at the Presidential Palace.
He was injured early in the season while sliding, and had difficulty swinging right-handed for the rest of the season.
But for the most part, an unhappy inclination to rush from image to image takes over, leaving a mostly black-and-white blur in the mind's eye.
Thus the Yaroslavl Motor Works could sell its tractor engines to anyone it wanted, but only one customer could pay for the motors with consignments of steel - the ministry.
The cabinets take their name from the Hoosier Manufacturing Company in New Castle, Ind., which started building them in 1898.
Mr. Rickman himself has had his heated moments.
Louis J. Slovinsky, a Time Warner spokesman, declined to comment yesterday.
If boom times are to return, the valley's engineers and entrepreneurs will have to find ways to make the personal computer cheaper, more powerful and portable enough to live up to its name.
Gold futures prices rose sharply as a burst of Middle Eastern buying sent the April contract up $5.50 an ounce, to $375.30.
''The limitation is the number of gates.
''I'm not saying that this commissioner would not use it properly.
He and his wife, Loretta, have four children.
Dr. Jean's report listed the cause of death as ''undetermined,'' stating: ''The deceased was stuck in an elevator and banged herself against the wall of the elevator and guard rail, according to police report.''
The pilots, who died in the crash, were criticized for not using precise language to convey the seriousness of their fuel situation and controllers were criticized for not responding to the pilot's repeated concerns about the plane's low fuel.
TCHAIKOVSKY WAS A BOOB In February 1918, H. L. Mencken graced the pages of the New York Evening Mail with a knock-down assault on opera, written in his best pugilistic prose.
And don't think you're going to go up and down the field against their defense.
''We probably caught everybody by surprise.''
But in the last year or two the business has slowed and established restaurants have started fighting for customers who seem less willing to spend large sums dining out.
Julia Roberts James Morse .
Thus, Bettelheim reiterates, the child was spared the trauma that many other children suffered because of their parents' greater manifest anxiety.
Since the beginning of the year, Japanese stocks have dropped almost 30 percent, the yen about 10 percent.
But Turner was interested in the castle's chunky irregularity, its setting at the end of the village of Castle Bolton and, most of all, its elegiac charm.
The analysts say the new machines, no matter how powerful or well conceived, are late arrivals in a market dominated by fast-moving smaller companies like Sun Microsystems Inc., based in Mountain View, Calif.
The soybean and soybean oil markets posted the steepest losses after exhibiting the greatest strength in the two previous sessions.
(AP) Tway Leads in Las Vegas: Bob Tway birdied half the holes he played, shot a 31 on the back nine, and finished with a seven-under-par 65 to take the 72-hole lead yesterday in the 90-hole, $1.3 million Las Vegas Invitational.
''He cashiered properties, rewrote screenplays, supervised directors, and edited films.''
There are some on Staten Island who hoped yesterday that the mere threat to secede would wring concessions from City Hall.
But these talks are not meant to instruct.
However, measure the distance between the lower edge of the iron and the blade's tip; for general planing, the distance should be a sixteenth of an inch.
The New York Philharmonic's Pension Fund Benefit Concerts, the season's second of which was telecast on Wednesday evening as part of the ''Live From Lincoln Center'' series on PBS, follow a safe formula.
In 1989, Mexico exported $36.4 billion worth of goods and Brazil $34.4 billion.
All have shown in Manhattan as well as New Jersey, and all, save Mr. Macarrulla, are represented by sculptures or works incorporating three-dimensional elements.
The city of Monterey's personal ity is influenced by its harbor and fleet of fishing boats and its pivotal role in early-California history.
The struggle focused at one point on Assemblymen Louis J. Gill and Thomas J. Duch, both Democrats of Bergen County.
Many consisted of lime, salt and water, sometimes with cement added, but all had one thing in common: They did not last very long.
"I'd start training late," Tyson said, "knowing what I had to do.
And in an interview on Thursday he said that the significance of Mr. Silber's victory as evidence of the country's anti-incumbent mood did not dawn on him until this week.
From the evidence of the show, the breach between the soft-focused, Whistlerian Pictorialism of Peter Henry Emerson and the hard-edged, Cubist-inspired Purism of Paul Strand and Edward Weston was neither as wide nor as final as it has been made out to be.
His mother, Eulalia Greenberg, is a freelance translator of legal documents in New York.
THE WOMAN LIT BY FIREFLIES, by Jim Harrison.
The Bass group said it sold 600,850 Enterra shares to Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. on Feb. 1 for $13.63 a share.
The company completed the building for The New York Times's new color production and distribution plant in Edison, N.J., and it built a plant for The Gwinnett Daily News in Georgia, one of its regional newspapers.
On the evening of June 3, troops moved against protesters.
Millay Colony for the Arts, Austerlitz, N.Y., $140,000.
The 512-foot building, with a four-faced clock tower, is the tallest building in Brooklyn.
The other parish was St. Pius X, whose pastor, the Rev.
Forest City operates 51 stores in Illinois, New York, Ohio and Pennsylvania.
The car sits cold and idle in her driveway as she leaves to catch the 5:30 bus each dark morning to get to work by 7.
Bomb scares and phone threats had become a daily feature at the publisher's London and New York offices in the months following release of the hard-cover edition -- Khomeini's fatwa had included in its condemnation the book's publishers worldwide.
''I'm no Gene Roberts and I don't think of myself as replacing Gene Roberts,'' Mr. King said.
When Mr. Glavin arrived, the liberal arts and management faculties were each trying to wrest curriculum control from the other's grasp.
The four other children were taken to Kings County Hospital, where one, Lisa, 9, was admitted to an intermediate care ward, treated for smoke inhalation and released in late afternoon, said Anthony Richiutti, night administrator on duty.
Showing Shoes James Stockman's hobby opens up a whole new line of thinking.
And Alvin Robertson, their starting shooting guard, played with a sore back.
But the woman in the middle of the composition, the mother sewing with her elbows out, is the kinesthetic center.
Kaufman was chief of the criminal division of the Southern District in the early 1960's.
Pipes began work on ''The Russian Revolution'' in the late 1970's, drawing on more than three decades of study and research.
''Concern over AIDS has meant that the many people who long supported sex education have now been able to get programs and that the minority that opposed it are now willing to accept it as long as it teaches a very specific set of moral values,'' said Debra W. Haffner, executive director of the sex information council, which is known by its initials, Siecus.
Thus far, he said, researchers have successfully transplanted the chitinase gene to tomato, potato, lettuce and other plants.
''Mississippi was the fifth-richest state when the war started, and when it was over we were 36th, and now we're 50th.
Heat over a medium flame to 375 degrees.
A Quid Pro Quo Wanted Japan has held out the return of the islands as a prerequisite for economic aid and investment in the battered Soviet economy.
''There's only so much room for the product,'' Mr. Knutson said.
All of these things have provided us with strength and for this we are extremely grateful.
The total United States investment in Eastern Europe is dwarfed by a single deal, worth $3 billion, between West Germany's Volkswagen A.G. and the East German auto maker VEB Ifa Kombinat Personenkraftwagen.
But it should also be good news for investors.
b-Net income The company said the latest figures included the results of Bard-Electromedical Systems Inc., acquired from C.R.
Proposals aimed at reducing the threat of airborne asbestos in buildings have set off a furious debate in New York City, which already has some of the toughest asbestos regulations in the country.
Dr. Grau was an agricultural extension agent at Pennsylvania State University and was later with the Department of Agriculture's Beltsville Agricultural Research Station of the Department of Agriculture.
There are already warnings in the press here that the two companies should know their limits and avoid making the United States feel frozen out.
A statement published on the front page of the official newspaper, Granma, said the leadership under President Fidel Castro felt that it should not wait for the coming fourth party congress, due to be held in the first half of 1991, to introduce the changes.
There were 258,624 permits handed out in 1989, and 394,589 in 1988.
The fellowships emerged because Skadden, Arps was casting around for an appropriate way to celebrate its 40th anniversary, said Barry Garfinkel, a senior partner, adding, ''We have prospered over the years, and thought it was important we make a meaningful contribution to the community.''
Nicaragua's 'Private War' In his remarks, Mr. Webb said the prosecution had presented clear and abundant evidence that Mr. Poindexter had conducted a ''private war in Nicaragua'' and had knowingly misled Congress about the contras.
Fred Morgan Kirby, the siblings' late grandfather and a five-and-dime merchant who became one of the founders of what is now the F. W. Woolworth Company, endowed the foundation in 1931.
He found the effects were gravest for rape; 1 in 5 rape victims later attempted suicide, he said, and 40 percent had suicidal thoughts.
Only to join forces again, Professor Griff included.
Fourteen percent of deaths in the 33 countries, about 1.5 million people a year, are attributed to smoking, the centers said.
''We have to see that the things we teach in the classroom are not fragmented,'' she told a class here recently.
"I was allowing the paying customers to leave first," he said.
''This park will be used.''
But we also owe it to ourselves to grasp that within the transitional terrain we have now entered, where machines rapidly close in upon the human world champion, something inspiring is passing away.
If it worked, fine, he said.
Purchase of Vehicle Mr. Gaughan said he wanted to open Mr. D's Deli and Pasta Shop, a food truck that he would take to fairs and other crowded places.
Each sample should be sealed with evidence tape and immediately placed in a security container.''
Growing up I heard 'The Beverly Hillbillies' theme and 'Dueling Banjos,' and there was something in that sound.
First, community policing is expensive.
For women, an exceptional though weighty jacket for evening is made of a Victorian crimson and forest-green wool paisley.
A Letter of Reprimand Dr. Goldberg also displayed a letter from Dr. Richard R. Green, the former Schools Chancellor, that reprimanded Mr. Gonzalez for using ''a vile racial epithet'' toward Charles R. Willis, the district's community relations director, who is black.
"He has a sense of the crucial moment.
Each woman wants only what she thinks is best for her children.
These executives don't expect the next decade to be easy.
For a family of four, the poverty level was $12,675 last year.
''Usually it's larger than a female brow, and most females pluck their eyebrows.
Then, in a wail of sirens and a shower of saved-up confetti, the motorcade appeared.
Under the PIPE system, the market to which the customer order is first sent can decide to meet the best price offered by the other exchanges.
No one knows the right amount.
Requires the recycling of chlorofluorcarbons from automobile air-conditioners.
They forced the Knicks' set play to break down.
Park Slope and Brooklyn Heights are fine for a week-night dalliance, but with few exceptions, Manhattan still has the patent on the Big Date.
Another is Chuck Bullough, the middle linebacker and a natural member of the Michigan State football family.
But the dog has a different vocal structure, he said, especially designed for barking, and in fact every noisy species has a characteristic means of normal sound production.
There are small corner shops where the basic necessities can be bought, but most residents go to Astoria or Woodside to do their major food shopping and farther into Queens or into Manhattan to buy other items.
Police officials say preliminary figures for the months since then show little change, though crime has risen by about 2 percent compared with last year and murders are expected to reach an all-time high of 2,000 or more by December.
thought that time-sharing would be a bad thing," Dr. Minsky said.
So to get even with my mother, she gave me 'Little Goat Herder' as a wedding present.''
Another is the appetizer of crunchy potato pancakes with a dollop of creme fraiche and three caviars ($7.95).
Computer Sciences said it had ended discussions with the Planning Research Corporation and Applied Technology Inc., which constitute the information electronics systems sector of Black & Decker.
Using a knife or pastry blender, cut in the butter to form a crumbly mixture.
"Nineteen and three-quarters inches," said King, whose hair, standing straight up, didn't quite touch the ceiling.
In an interview, Fosse candidly reveals that his own slight hunch and premature baldness were inspirations in devising the style.
The managing agent has been good about trying to fix the pipes, but they continue to knock.
Ripken's streak began on May 30, 1982, the day after Floyd Rayford went in for him at third base in the second game of a doubleheader against Toronto at Memorial Stadium.
''The weight coach mentioned that,'' Boden said.
* Amdura Corp., Denver, a hardware distribution company, said it would sell the assets of its Coast to Coast Stores Inc. subsidiary to Servistar, Butler, Pa., a hardware cooperative.
Donald J. Harrington, came as investigators for the Queens District Attorney's office looked into a second woman's accusations that she was sexually abused last October at the same off-campus student house where the first woman said she was assaulted on March 1.
Then, all the way at the top, the roof of each tower is also a terrace - one has a cafe; one is reserved for museum receptions.
A Coast Guard study cited by the Natural Resources Defense Council said that if the Exxon Valdez tanker had a double hull, it would have spilled 15 to 60 percent less oil onto Alaska's shores and seas last year.
c-Net loss Share earnings for year-ago periods are after preferred dividend requirements.
He added that the system was one of the first in Middlesex County with a k through 12 computer curriculum.
So we went to the Showboat.
The park was so full it was hard not to wonder whether all the passing inspiration would be worth the physical price the morning after.
THEY met by chance a few weeks ago.
Mel Rottkov, who is single and, 37 and lives in Manhattan, left a $50,000 public-relations position last year to earn a graduate degree that would move his career in another direction.
Flag Tours also has a 10-day trip, $995 to $1,195, to the same places with extra beach time.
FOOTBALL CLEVELAND (AFC) -- Dismissed Bud Carson, head coach.
Men and women played interchangeable roles on stage, roles often free of any connotation of gender, in dances with little traditional partnering.
''To see the curve of my line move is just the most amazing thing.
During a recent summer the writers visited and interviewed more than 50 vegetable gardeners throughout the Midwest.
Many Items Not Listed Missing items from Livermore, investigators said, total about 16 percent of the property listed in the laboratory's inventory.
''Even the dumbest of us started taking notice and jacking up our estimates,'' Ms. Hyman said.
The Lithuanian President, Vytautas Landsbergis, conceding that the Kremlin had greeted his pleas for negotiations with a ''concrete wall,'' appeared to be searching openly for a conciliatory note that might entice Moscow to the negotiating table.
Further information about the properties may be obtained by phoning 374-3169.
The full-page advertisement concluded: ''And meanwhile, what have you done in the U.S.A.?''
''It is pretty late,'' said Nayan Chanda, a senior associate at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace.
The five byways will be among good routes for foliage watchers in Colorado next month when the aspens begin turning from green to orange gold.
The scent poured out the door of Mortimer's to the limousines double-parked on Lexington Avenue Monday evening at a party for Mr. Buatta.
He was dismissed from his job at the official daily Rilindija last year for allegedly supporting ethnic Albanian demands for greater autonomy.
Nearly a decade ago, the centuries-old Champagne houses of France, beset by sluggish sales, decided that their business needed a bit more of the hustle and flash of modern marketing.
Reduction of waste is the cornerstone of the environmental shopping program.
"My mother used to get vibes, you know, and I was sitting there on Christmas Day in a special chair I always have at my friend's house," she recalled, her voice catching ever so slightly.
In its other funds, Fidelity does not charge fees for moving money from one account to another, although it does not allow a customer to switch money into a given fund more than four times a year.
Take ''Elmer Gantry,'' which broke house records at Ford's Theater in Washington almost two years ago.
Kazakstan's popular President, Nursultan Nazarbayev, has been floated as a candidate to be Mr. Gorbachev's new Vice President or Prime Minister.
Hong Kong's local Government issued a statement saying the blueprint would ''allow for a smooth transition of Government in 1997,'' when the British colony will come under Chinese rule.
''We don't know exactly what caused all the failures yet,'' Illien said by telephone from the company's headquarters in Brixworth, England.
Zum Alten Fritz German Restaurant (1840 Northeast Fourth Avenue, Miami; 305-374-7610).
"I personally think that any attempt to assess responsibility for the past would be only for political purposes, and it would do nothing to speed up economic reform.
He said the odds were 100 to 1 against its including either a capital gains cut or an increase in income tax rates for the rich.
The hunt for a mole in the Pentagon.
Among her other works were ''Launcelot, My Brother,'' ''A Durable Fire,'' ''Kinsmen of the Grail,'' ''With Night We Banish Sorrow,'' ''A Man of Malice Landing,'' ''Return of the Stranger,'' and ''Mountain Journey,'' all published before her retirement in 1964.
While New York City representatives objected to the overall effect of the eight guidelines, the last of these causes particular concern.
Clearly, our parish will not be saving any money by the loss of our school.
Mr. Turner said that after the rejection of his offer to raise $1 million to repatriate the manuscript to East Germany, he felt ''in despair'' because of the attitude of Mr. Torigian, who he said had tried to sell it to him.
''When I entertain, I want to be really comfortable,'' she said.
Last night Ms. Robinson, the News spokeswoman, said that since the strike began, the paper's circulation department had received 128 complaints from dealers of harassment, in many cases by club-wielding men.
But $100 million, though a substantial amount of money, is still less than 1 percent of the entire state budget.
TENNIS Sampras Pressed to Beat a No.
's mandatory challenger, Juan Gimenez, on a card co-featuring another Kronk boxer, Michael Moorer (W.B.O light-heavyweight champion), against Charles Williams (I.B.F.
''We really have not recommended that our rental owners raise their rates for the last two years or so,'' he said.
*Municipal Bond Index, The Bond Buyer Salomon Brothers and Telerate for Treasury bellwether bonds, notes and bills.
This would help to remove the temptation of state legislatures to engage in destructive beggar-thy-neighbor competition for corporate locations.
At first, April defends her flat and dreary existence against Bernice's onslaught of maternal bonding - '' 'I know it's not a glamorous job,' [April] offered, 'but it's very satisfying to teach something no one cares about' '' - but her capitulation is inevitable.
These extraordinary credits reflected net operating loss carryforwards equal to and offsetting the charge in lieu of tax and the favorable effect of $10,874,000 due to reduction in the estimated annual effective tax rate.
The New York City Transit Authority suspended service on the uptown West Side IRT lines at 12:01 A.M. yesterday to begin work on a major switch replacement project just below 96th Street.
INTERNATIONAL A3-15 Soviet troops in Azerbaijan were apparently bogged down by widespread resistance, including airfield and railroad blockades, sabotage, and civil disobedience, as they tried to control the violence there.
And while many nutritionists say all the sweeteners are just empty calories, with no health benefits, the health stuff sells.
Mr. Bush didn't need to rub it in.
The stop signs here all say ''arret.''
Comparison of Genetic Code The researchers thought that under ordinary circumstances the neurofibromatosis gene would likewise manufacture a protein that prevents uncontrolled cell division, probably by stanching the activity of cancer-causing genes.
So far 15 such marriages have been arranged.
In 1975, New York State passed another piece of legislation that failed to eliminate a lingering misperception - that the victim will be put on trial.
The Foreign Ministers of Iraq and Iran today held their first direct talks since their 1988 cease-fire in the Persian Gulf war.
(AP) -- Texas, a Cotton Bowl contender, remained undefeated in the Southwest Conference at 3-0 and improved to 5-1 over all.
"I'll tell him to be good, and what I'm off doing and that I love him," he said.
''I watched him throw two pitches and knew I wanted him,'' said McIlvaine.
One excellent place to enjoy this combination is Nozawa Onsen, a resort tucked into the mountains of Nagano Prefecture, about four hours from Tokyo.
Surveying the wreckage of the District Enterprise of Home Trade, and the circumstances surrounding the creation of five private new companies, including Sezam, the auditors wrote: ''All this shows a crass lack of responsibility on the part of the District Enterprise of Home Trade officials and a lack of care for the national property.''
The fund bought the Stride Rite Corporation's stock at $28.50 a share after a bidder announced an offer at $32.
Gone, indeed, even the magic names: Kid and Mex, Mookie, Rambo, Roger and Nails.
He notes that Governor Dukakis failed to respond forcefully to assertions that he was a liberal and card-carrying member of the American Civil Liberties Union.
Keeping an Open Mind ''I'm going to keep an open mind,'' said Dent, who arrived in camp earlier today to observe the minor leaguers.
Slaughter (D) Y Y N Y 31.
Along with the vast investment of Japanese money overseas, this has made Japanese interest rates, Japan's bond market and the yen far more responsive to influence from elsewhere on the globe, whether it be Congressional testimony by the Federal Reserve chairman or the economic consequences of the expected reunification of Germany.
In turn, Iraq provides Jordan with 90 percent of its oil, much of it in lieu of payments on longstanding debts.
The third, most dramatic option available to Saddam Hussein, having declared an Arab holy war, is to attack Israel with chemical weapons, fulfilling his threat to scorch that country.
Even so, my fidelity to the Phils was unequivocal.
Just as liberated celebrants have cheered the opening of the Berlin wall and the decline of Communist dictators, so, too, have liberated Panamanians celebrated the fall of the dictator in nearby Panama.
In the future, that click of the shutter will be neither so decisive nor so restrictive.
The insole is then shaped to make it flat.
Its effect, real or imagined, must have worn off as the Mets dropped a pair of 5-4 games to San Diego when they were unable to generate hits in critical situations.
In essence, if the bondholders take control they can effectively eliminate much of the value of Mr. Trump's equity stake, while they keep the casino's future earnings.
The editor of Commentary, Norman Podhoretz, could not be reached by telephone at his home or office for comment.
Bishop Philotheos of Meloa and the Rev.
As its name suggests, X-Ray art shows the internal and external features of animals like the barramunda and the kangaroo.
''I use aggressive images or material to express the hostility of our environment and the vulnerability of all of us.
Some would get rich faster, but that would promote competition and new enterprise.
Government: Mayor (Gene F. Enriquez, Democrat) and 21-member Common Council elected to 2-year terms.
The most important: Think grilled; think steamed; think for yourself.
The lawsuit was eventually dismissed by a Federal district judge in Los Angeles.
''It might well destroy the National Endowment as a central institution,'' he said.
A18 New York's new consumer chief faults R.J. Reynolds on ads A18 Democrats' campaign finance bills are not jeopardized by dissention, they said.
A play that should never have been run cost Missouri a victory and seven Big Eight football officials an indefinite suspension.
Cars rolling off Detroit's assembly lines emit 96 percent less carbon dioxide and 75 percent less nitrogen oxides than those of 1970.
Tens of thousands of Muscovites flocked to two counterdemonstrations, one a ceremony of mourning for victims of the Communists since 1917, the other an angry rally demanding Mr. Gorbachev's resignation.
If you're interested in Cy Twombly you must recognize - I'm not inventing this - that there's some connection there to the language of graffiti.''
The sudden popularity of Windows has rattled the software industry.
''Albert, leave him alone,'' she says wearily.
He questions the authors' belief in their sources.
I don't know whether it's because each production you do, a lot of critics are going to see you all over again.
We're not just talking about anti-crime aspects of this in the United States.
Competing systems often attach a per-minute connection charge, and some also charge extra for premium services, like making airline reservations.
Many diplomats say that if Mr. Deng were to die first, the hard-liners would be able to go further with their purges and with their return to greater central planning.
While the instruments played a drone or just a few chords, and sometimes inserted a poppish instrumental hook, the vocal lines grew longer and more improvisatory with every verse.
"Diamond's Edge" is rated PG (Parental guidance suggested).
I understand the need for money to run government services but I wasn't convinced that we needed every service in the $52 billion state budget.''
In the past two years, moreover, gross private domestic investment averaged, in real terms, 17.6 percent of G.N.P.
The endings of old Hollywood films were in sync with the audience's expectations: that couples would live together ever after, happily or not.
The American Embassy said officials were working on the problem but had no immediate information to offer.
''He's been radicalized into action by what he's seen,'' said L. Brent Bozell 3d, a conservative advocate who is close to Mr. North.
Computer scientists at the Nynex Corporation have patented a computer system that they say can teach itself to read handwriting well enough to process checks in 4 seconds.
But Brazil's civil servants are tenacious about holding on to their jobs, a tenacity enshrined in the country's 1988 Constitution, which gives job security to Federal employees after five years.
A number of foreign diplomats here noted that the passage of time is adding more obstacles because it it allows the various parties to complicate the process.
Named for Hero Or Socialist Symbol?
Already, business travel to Eastern Europe has increased sharply, particularly to Hungary and Poland.
There follows a detailed, rococo description of this departure, ending with the expelling organ mocking the departed: ''You're gone, you rascal you, and can't ever return.''
After reviewing more than 150 alternatives, the corps singled out 35 economically feasible plans, and in 1984 state officials selected the tunnel option for further development.
''It was an embarrassing performance,'' Graber added.
On Dec. 8, Javits Convention Center in New York will be the scene of the partners' next fund-raiser: a five-hour Dance-a-thon to benefit the Gay Men's Health Crisis, the nation's oldest and largest AIDS organization.
Reynolds is the world record-holder at 400 meters.
'A Lot of Bigots Out There' The spokesman, Richard W. Day, said legislation sponsored by Senator Simpson had already begun providing billions of dollars in Federal funds in grants to the states to publish and disseminate educational materials about the immigration law.
Representative Al Swift, a Washington Democrat who is a leading sponsor of the main House plan, said if action was delayed until September, opponents ''would still say they want more time.''
William P. Clements Jr., a Republican who is retiring.
Miami, Ohio, fell to 6-5.
Summer Squall, a son of Storm Bird and the Secretariat mare Weekend Surprise, paid $3.60 for $2 to win as the favorite and finished in 1:49 2/5 under Pat Day.
He said the police had no suspects in the slaying.
''You can't build a society on a foundation of mud,'' he said.
It also bars aid to rebels who assist the Khmer Rouge, a brutal Communist movement loosely allied with the non-Communist guerrillas backed by the United States.More than a million Cambodians died under the Khmer Rouge's rule in the 1970's, and they have become the strongest of the rebel groups now inside Cambodia.
Many Service Cuts The plan calls for the State Housing Finance Agency to refinance bonds that were issued to build city hospitals.
I feel duped, because even von Metnitz turns out to be a paper tiger.
Version 1.1 was finally sent to users earlier this month.
History of a Deal Debt Plan Causes Misunderstanding In a series of interviews in their Miami office, Mr. Bush and his partner, Armando Codina, said the lengthy legal and regulatory process had cost them money, including Federal income taxes they are paying on the forgiven debt.
''You have to take away from the boards the ability to create jobs and give out jobs,'' Mr. Fernandez told the commission.
He said the jail time would be rescheduled for nextweek.
Though the emphasis in the original ''Robocop,'' directed by Paul Verhoeven, is on the spectacle of destruction of people and property, there is, at the movie's core, a tragic condition.
Sitting across from Gata, Kasparov, in a stylish tweed jacket, scratched his curly black hair, twisted in his chair and appeared to be nervous.
Mr. Maultasch said that in the meeting Mr. Milken passed him notes to ask questions, but he said the financier never asked him to obstruct the inquiry in any way.
''And there's an inherent sense of pride,'' she said, ''because they're representing their schools.''
The 32-year-old defenseman missed 22 games because of knee surgery and the Capitals went 8-13-1 without him.
The problem with the lockout was that it made people feel old.
Nicklaus was preparing to hit a chip on the 14th after the only drive he hit into the rough all day had made it impossible for him to reach the green.
But then later, in the Times interview, he said the Governor would not be welcome.
''I like the Russians much more where they are now,'' says Varnedoe, ''but I'm not sure that it works well historically.''
"We get about 160 reports a year," said David Smeltzer, the commission's director of compliance.
Then, while a helper keeps the door from moving, tighten the screws that fasten the bracket.
New York has a chance to end its two-game skid Thursday night at home against the Washington Bullets (1-1).
People involved in the negotiations cautioned yesterday that some issues remained to be settled.
'A Sick Kid' Father Ritter said in an interview last week that he remembered meeting Mr. Bassile only in passing.
''We all fall for a good magic trick,'' said Arnold Arlow, TBWA's executive vice president and co-creative director.
He gave up five hits and one run, before getting relief help from Jose Bautista and Joe Price in the seventh.
Japan ranks third in the world in military spending and its armed forces are starting to make its neighbors uneasy.
When a stranger calls about the Blanding's turtles in her backyard, Georgianna Garrison's response is icy.
INTERNATIONAL A meeting of finance ministers ended with officials saying they had made some progress in global trade talks despite sharp differences between the United States and the European Community over agricultural trade.
Today Michael told me the negotiations would be handled by Bradley."
''That's divided into five-minute turns at bat, four times a day, maybe 25 swings each time.
Gail Godwin's review of "East Is East," on the front page of The New York Times Book Review, declared it "an absolutely stunning work, full of brilliant cross-cultural insights, his usual virtuoso language and one marvelous scene after another."
Nominations are orders from oil buyers, and they may have risen sharply in recent weeks.
Banque Nationale de Paris S.A., France's largest commercial bank, agreed to buy the banking assets of Banque Nagelmackers 1747, Belgium's oldest bank, for $123 million.
Unlike Strand and Sheeler, however, the Bechers stand at a distance from their subjects, both descriptively and emotionally.
We'll also lose many minority teachers because they have the least seniority."
Solidarity had 15 months of legal existence, followed by the imposition of martial law and 8 years of underground survival.
(source: Julius Rebek Jr.) (pg.
1 Auto Racing: Ribbs riding high 43 Baseball: Reds beat Mets 41 Mets end Strawberry talks 41 Yanks lose again 43 Pirates beat Padres 43 Basketball: Newman signs Hornet offer sheet 41 Column: Moran on Jim Bouton 41 Golf: Rain slows Women's Open 43 Results Plus 42 Sports People 43 Consumer's World 46 Concerns about the marketing of personal medical alarms The diaper debate: cloth or disposable?
Perrier seems to have grasped this point; Exxon has not.
General Rios Montt led a military junta after the coup that overthrew an elected President, Gen. Fernando Romeo Lucas Garcia, in March 1982.
''That is something that they do not advise me about,'' he said.
But there is a way to get a lighter effect, and still see the wood grain, by applying a white semi-opaque stain over the present finish.
It's like a special reward."
I had no idea what the usual places were, so I asked my friends where to get tickets.
Screenings will be in the first-floor Kaufmann and Linder Theaters.
Primary metals orders were up 4.9 percent in October, after declining nine-tenths of 1 percent in September.
The disease-control centers have advised health workers to use precautions like latex gloves to avoid all contact with patients' blood.
He also grows calla lilies and at Easter, he specializes in Easter lilies.
* Nestle S.A., Zurich, a food company, agreed to buy Drumstick Co., an ice cream company, from Alco Standard Corp.
Now, after 45 years, the victorious allies were finally resolving the ''German Question'' and putting an end to the last formal remnants of occupation.
''This tells me we are getting our message across to the young people,'' Captain Kovach said.
''Tom, how many employees do we have?''
They do vary seasonally for industrial customers or utilities that choose to buy on the or short-term market, but even utilities that play this ''spot'' market generally get only part of their supplies that way, so the impact on them is muted.
The second step, Justice Marshall said, was to decide whether there was ''common trading'' in the note ''for speculation or investment,'' which would give the note the quality of a security.
In a rising market, short-sellers rushing to cover their positions could thus exert more upward pressure on prices.
But Mr. Papp cautioned yesterday against portraying the event as a cheerful assembly of ''people dancing 'La Cucaracha.'
The language of the law is ambiguous on some points, and there is sure to be debate about whether Pretoria has satisfied particular conditions.
But the overall pressure from racing fans would likely be difficult for the city to resist, several officials conceded today.
President Corazon C. Aquino reversed a long-held policy today and said she was willing to negotiate cease-fires with Communist guerrillas and with rebel soldiers who have staged coup attempts against her.
I am responding with anger to the column by Barbara Klaus.
Switch to a home where this dialogue is heard: Daughter: ''Mother, there's a difference between real life and TV.''
They said Quantum Overseas would pay $50 million for 30 percent of a company formed from the Sharon Steel- owned Mueller Brass Company and the Arava Natural Resource Company, with the rest of the new company going to other unsecured creditors.
Unfortunately, Zachary betrays his own principles by insulting a general.
In fact, OPEC's net stock purchases throughout the 70's, when oil prices were at their highest, averaged just $840 million a year.
A1 Families of the American hostages said the announcement by President Hussein gave them more hope than they ever had before that their relatives would be home soon.
The clay for a half-inch-thick wall sets for one and a half hours before the excess is poured out.
"My friends are practical jokers," he said, "and they had gotten these funny cards.
-- Charles Dahlin, a Utah resident whose doctor has been called to active military duty.
The former Phoenix Cardinals quarterback, Neil Lomax, who retired earlier this month because of degenerative arthritis in his left hip, will undergo a hip transplant in Los Angeles in the next four to six weeks, the team's orthopedic surgeon said.
You imply that carriers are like snow shovels - you need only one, and then only when it snows.
Mr. Gingrich, an influential conservative, said his position had nothing to do with Mr. Frank's acknowledged homosexuality or his involvement with a male prostitute.
But she also put in my mind to stay, Never wear black ones after Memorial Day.
President Sebe called from Hong Kong to ask South Africa to restore him to power, but it did not comply, as it had in February 1988 in the homeland of Bophuthatswana, where South African troops put down a military coup against President Lucas M. Mangope.
Not just the Dutch and French Nazis and war criminals, but the French people, the French Resistance, the Dutch Civil Service.
Ms. Leavin, the doyenne of dealers in Los Angeles, opened her gallery in 1970 and now handles well-known New York and West Coast artists, from Donald Judd and Claes Oldenburg to John Baldessari and Alexis Smith.
Last Thursday, the stock of Polly Peck went into a free fall in trading on the London exchange, losing 55 percent of its value before trading was halted, with the stock selling at the equivalent of $2.02 a share.
He's not one of the guys.
''But of course after June 4, we wouldn't even consider it.''
He pleaded guilty and was sentenced to concurrent terms of probation -- in spite of the 1980 New York State law that supposedly required a one-year term for anyone convicted of possessing an illegal gun.
But he also conceded that investors would face less risk by investing in Treasury bonds.
Roberta Altman, an early-childhood specialist at the Bank Street College of Education, said a policy on calling could range from ''absolutely never'' to a laissez-faire attitude.
THE TOWN THAT STARTED THE CIVIL WAR By Nat Brandt.
The exhibition, like the history of Mexico, thus breaks into roughly three parts, and in many ways the first provides the most impressive series of monuments, beginning with that seated figure in elaborate headdress, cape and belt, discovered at La Venta, one of the centers of Olmec civilization from roughly 1,000 B.C.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* ADC Telecommunications (OTC) Qtr to Jan 31 1990 1989 Sales 62,043,000 41,595,000 Net inc 5,823,000 3,116,000 Share earns .44 .24 View Full Article in Timesmachine »
Flies Meet Spiders The Siskels and Eberts of the exterminating world went to the movies the other night.
For example, there will never be an annual fee for those who become members in 1990 and make at least one purchase a year using the card.
Now in this new book, as he explores the India of the late 1980's, he recalls the shock and alienation he experienced on that first trip nearly 30 years ago.
The fire-engine-red ''Garden Floater,'' by Mr. Lewis, rotates around a central post.
For 40 years, Mrs. Townshend frequented the London markets of Bermondsey and Portabello Road, where she bought picture frames for her collages.
The total 1988 market value of land in Japan, a nation roughly the size of California, is estimated at $15 trillion, or five times that of the United States, according to the Long-Term Credit Bank of Japan.
Quiroga is said to be buried standing, according to his wishes, so as to meet God ''face to face.''
Other semiconductor industry executives say visible and ultraviolet light, used by machines known as optical steppers, will be sufficient for at least three more generations of chips.
Then again, his administration included in its first budget proposal $150 million in proceeds from a sale of bonds by the Battery Park City Authority for use in this year's operating budget, an item that struck some financial analysts as the kind of deal the city might have resorted to back in the 70's.
''The elimination of bears from 50 to 75 percent of their historic range has already occurred and the remaining range will decrease unless serious efforts are focused on bear conservation,'' he wrote.
''Go to the gas ovens!''
The elections on Sunday included many races in which numerous candidates competed for one seat.
The same day I got a letter from someone disgusted with my support of what them always call ''the homosexual life style.''
We shouldn't fight over it.''
A majority of the cottages are secluded behind dense vegetation.
Among composers, the 1930's saw a reinvigorated desire to turn to black-American forms as the basis for a distinctive classical music.
Jan Stephenson, the professional golfer, suffered two fractures in her left ring finger when she was attacked and robbed Tuesday night in Miami, The Phoenix Gazette reported.
Other Einstein hospitals, among them the private and not-for-profit Montefiore Medical Center (with its public affiliate, North Central Bronx Hospital), and Bronx Lebanon Hospital Center, also carry a heavy urban load.
''What you have in this election,'' said Arnold Hirsch, a professor of history and urban studies at the University of New Orleans, ''are some of the city's most conservative whites combined with blacks, which means that someone is going to be disappointed in the next four years.''
What's the point of talking about an investigation when their client in effect pleaded guilty and signed an agreement?''
The license is likely to be the first in a range of new agreements between American companies and the Soviet Union, aimed at supporting issues that are of importance to the United States Government.
North Carolina contained the Sooners' running game, refused to crack when Oklahoma made a run and reached the final 16 for the 10th consecutive year.
I know if I were to really think about it, that's probably the thing I'm most satisfied about.''
In one of the most charming essays in ''Not by Fact Alone,'' John Clive proceeds to cite all the occasions when Gibbon himself, again typically, used the personal pronoun and intruded himself into history.
Indian soldiers tried to capture a mountain outpost, starting a firefight with Pakistani soldiers along the cease-fire line dividing the disputed region of Kashmir, Pakistan said today.
SOME 60 musicians, ages 53 to 84, are scheduled to arrive in Mystic today.
Some even seem to be concerned that he is a bachelor.
But the mediocre showing also appears to indicate that voters are growing disillusioned with what many of them perceive as a lack of strong leadership by President Havel and his Government in the transition to an awaited market economy.
In other words, maybe we older guys should all just grow up and move on to a more seemly sport than this sweaty, whirling, frenetic game.
Fifty-seven percent of whites said that theory was almost certainly not true.
spokesman said a new contract could be ratified by Sept. 30, provided the rank and file favor the agreement and there are no last-minute snags.
Rather than a time to negotiate, the meal is viewed as an opportunity to build relationships.
Even with the recently imposed emergency budget measures, there is grave doubt as to whether we will see anything close to the $250 million budget surplus with which we were supposed to end fiscal year 1990.
The surgeons' heads are encased in close-fitting caps of cloth, with wide masks across nose, mouth, and chin.
He had seen a small metal bowl whose legs were three small wrenches at a store in the East Village.
It may be that the rejection of Ronald Reagan's nomination of Judge Robert H. Bork marked a milestone, and that for a while Presidents will choose nominees who have avoided the rough-and-tumble of public life.
But all three judges voiced reservations about the ruling.
During the top-heavy Communist era, Tungsram had 11 layers of management in some areas.
His Hyde physically becomes a creature out of a horror movie.
The 14-year-old was taken out of the house in early 1989, already severely injured, and murdered, according to court testimony.
''Using the zoning book we would get a 12-story tower on a small footprint,'' said Victor Caliandro, the architect.
Edited by Polly Hill and Richard Keynes.
She is a granddaughter of the late Maj. Gen. Willis Small Matthews, U.S.A. Mr. Toomre, 29, is a managing director of Smith Barney, Harris Upham & Company in New York.
''It was good enough to keep working on, but not good enough to bring into New York,'' said Mr. Berlind, who estimated that to date the show has cost $5 million.
It is a timely work, now that President Bush has called for a manned landing on Mars within 30 years.
Many of the kites illustrated here can be bought in Toyko.
Reading such descriptive phrases as ''Lyons silk cannele flower brocade decorated with blond lace and wire chenille and floss silk flowers'' or ''Spitalfields silk brocade with classically inspired ruins, vegetation and trophies,'' or ''silk painted in China'' provides pleasures similar to the passive reading of cooking recipes.
''Everyone's walking around on eggshells.''
It was not as distinctive, though, as the autograph I got from Hugh Gallarneau, a Chicago Bear running back, who sold suits at Marshall Field's.
The Soviets have sought such a limit in the current negotiations to establish a ceiling on the size of the German Army.
He combines an inventor's mind with his esthetic sense.
"Dialog has a wealth of information, but it's sorely lacking in areas that concern minorities," she said.
It seems to me that Barbara S. Cain's article ''Older Children and Divorce'' (Feb. 18) does not add anything new to that tired subject.
Mr. Fernandez, who 10 years ago migrated here from the Andean highlands, added: ''In the countryside, a lot of peasants believe he is going to get Japan to pay the foreign debt.''
The earnings also included special charges of about 2 cents a share related to two small business sold in prior years.
In return they will get a 14.26 percent share of the company.
The recordings were chosen by the academy's 100-member elections committee, which considers recommendations from the academy's 8,000 members.
Nor can I claim that the history of classical recording is entirely pure.
The stiff competition has closed many stores, or seen them gobbled up by others.
If the ratio of rent payments in the first year to the purchase price of the house is 3 percent or less, renting will be more economical.
That law says someone with a needle and no prescription can be arrested.
While dining out can be quite costly in many Roman restaurants, admission prices at museums and other sights have also gone up.
He made appearances, he responded in kind to what his opponents said, he debated.
The Oriental, whose wood was used for the boardwalk and bungalows of Rockaway Point, came down in 1916.
The Montclair coach, Rick Giancola, who has a .779 winning percentage, must rely on a freshman quarterback, Steve Banas, to lead his team while Ed Baffige, a senior, continues to recover from knee surgery.
Today's Columns Most economists foresee no recession in the next few years, even after seven straight years of economic expansion, One reason is that the United States has become an ''open economy,'' buoyed by inflows of foreign capital.
Several students filed suit in a Federal court in Baltimore last August to demand that the Council redraw voting district lines.
It also set a good tone for the Mendelssohn, precluding any hint of the usual oversweetness.
Mr. Menem, a member of the Justicialist Party founded by Argentina's longtime leader, Juan D. Peron, has promised to pardon the imprisoned officers before the end of the year.
Weekend Sweep The outcome completed a weekend sweep, with all six division leaders in the National Football League losing.
At the same time, Iraq complained that Kuwait and the United Arab Emirates, had been depressing oil prices by exceeding their OPEC production quotas.
Six-month bill rates, meanwhile, rose by 12 basis points, to a late offered rate of 7.45 percent.
The trail's surface varies from dirt to gravel to pavement but at no time requires any gear more complicated than a comfortable pair of walking shoes.
Last year our reviewer, Lauren Belfer, said this novel is compelling because of ''the drama of lace making itself: the politics and intrigues, the endless hours of labor, the reach for perfection that can make fine lace more valuable than precious jewels.''
accused Mr. Warren of violating a ''duty of trust and confidence'' to the Stanadyne director when he disclosed the contents of a letter to Mr. Pencikowski about the Emhart offer.
Ernest, a biologist and scientific gadfly, better known as Imp, is the instigator of the project.
Or, if he waits just a few more days, the bill dies under the Constitution.
Shipping, shipbuilding and farming made it one of the richest communities in the region.
The Dow industrials ended the day 42.82 lower, at 2,365.10.
They sort of bypass the cognitive dimensions of human decision making."
Under the deal, which John B. Damoose, Chrysler's vice president of marketing, called the "big bang theory," Chrysler has committed to media purchases in seven Time Warner national magazines.
The 19 intricately mounted paintings include portraits of revered poets, often rendered in some sort of amusingly demystifying way, as well as a depiction of what looks like a slightly tipsy bull, and a rendition of an elephant from hell devouring its victims that makes Francisco Goya's ''Black Paintings'' seem almost tame by comparison.
Children dressed in monarch costumes parade through the town each fall, when the butterflies appear.
SUMNER M. ROSEN New York
In France, you buy linen tea bags.
In addition, the mark dominates the currency trades in which the dollar is not involved.
But politics is more than logic.
''They know now that if they sell cars to people like Willard Stuart, who flunked the learner's permit test three times, they will be held liable.''
But Mr. Dukakis retains an uncanny equilibrium, a detachment, even a sense of optimism, that friends praise as strength and critics deride as a lack of feeling.
'Magic Is the Obvious Leader' "Now that Michael Cooper has gone off to play in Italy, Orlando Woolridge has been traded and we have five new players," Dunleavy said.
Unfortunately, they didn't seem to get the point - that laughter doesn't just happen in a void; you need setups for it, and sometimes the setup is the entire rest of the movie.''
The Westchester County Center is just off Interstate 287 (Exit 5) on Tarrytown Road (Route 119).
It was musical chairs yesterday in the top ranks of two of the nation's largest insurance companies.
But differences about interpretation should not be confused with usurpations of political will.
Today about 1,700 Texans get free AZT under a program financed jointly by the state and Federal governments.
A long and severe bear market followed.
About 150 homeowners, anxious to sell in the current stone-dead market, paid as much as $300 each for a booth to show off photos and videos of their homes.
Russell Parkman has designed a stark living-room setting.
Now, with "Dances With Wolves," Mr. Costner is the producer and director as well as the star of the kind of rugged frontier adventure that every 10-year-old boy dreams of living, and possibly every actor dreams of re-creating.
In City Park there is a bath that seems made to be a landmark in dreams.
Joining Ms. Armstrong in today's performance at the First Congregational Church on Route 47 in Washington will be Paul Coletti, violist, Mark Shuman, cellist, and Kazuko Hayami, pianist.
The three-month bills were sold at an average discount rate of 7.80 percent, down from 7.83 percent a week earlier, while the average six-month bill rate fell a basis point from the previous week, to 7.80 percent.
Through the Leaves By Franz Xaver Kroetz; translated by Roger Downey; directed by JoAnne Akalaitis; scenery by Douglas Stein; lighting by Frances Aronson; costumes by Teresa Snider-Stein; sound by L. B. Dallas; stage manager, Jack Doulin; production management, Bella Via Productions; technical adviser, Richard Meyer; artistic director Interart Theater, Margot Lewitin.
The issue met with strong demand from investors, and its size was increased from $200 million.
A heavy flow of new issues from the Treasury will supersede what remains a very positive fundamental outlook, the analysts said.
Or: "I have got to type this letter.
Brancusi, who died in 1957 at the age of 81, is well represented in American museums, particularly in Philadelphia and New York, but some of his early works, including "The Kiss" of 1907, and many of his monumental sculptures remain in Romania, where he was born.
Mr. Ayer said he called Mr. Thornburgh and demanded a meeting, but that the Attorney General angrily rejected a proposal to withdraw from the case and turn it over to internal investigators.
Scientists knew that three to seven additional genetic mutations were needed to transform a normal cell into a malignant one, but a mutation in p53 seemed to be a vital step.
Federal and local narcotics agents mistakenly seized $25 million in what they believed was one of the Dallas area's largest drug-tainted cash shipments, a newspaper reported today.
Short-term Treasury bill rates dipped slightly.
Suggested donation is $6, students $3, and there will be limited child care available.
The crew of a nuclear-powered submarine sent a Trident 2 missile aloft today in the fourth consecutive successful test flight for the Navy's newest and most powerful weapon.
Natural gas prices were lower or unchanged yesterday, with December delivery contracts falling six-tenths of a cent, to $2.429 for 1,000 cubic feet.
It's easy to understand his frustration, but history hasn't been very kind to impatient warriors.
Two weeks ago, Senate Republicans learned from Democratic press statements that their ongoing bipartisan negotiations had suddenly broken off.
He said he had received permission from the building owner, but the police said he had been warned before that a local ordinance forbade any sales from trucks.
Premier Masol, while tendering his resignation, gave no indication of when he would leave.
''It was the day after the people had gone on a general strike,'' Mr. Porybny recalled.
Both companies are owned by the United Technologies Corporation.
He made the announcement as details emerged of the hardships Poles face under an economic program introduced by the Solidarity-led Government on Jan. 1.
According to the indictment, Lowell misled a representative of Warburg in June 1984 about Drexel's holdings of preferred securities in Mattel.
If Mr. Milosevic fails to win 50 percent of the vote for the presidency, then the opposition is certain to join forces against him in the final round, the opposition leaders said.
It is so pleasant, in fact, that one almost forgets how uncomfortable the bentwood chairs are, and how close together and small (for a group of four) the glass-topped tables are.
Mrs. Gray, 28 years old, is a senior editor at Seventeen magazine in New York.
But we've never considered giving up.''
Since the Soviet Union does not have emission standards for cars or trucks, it has not developed pollution-control equipment for vehicles.
"This is the only way we can make conservation enforcement effective," Mr. Hall said.
Mr. Cormack said trendy T-shirts would not sustain Zenzeleni forever.
The old mark was 48 points against Mississippi last season.
"I thought we defended the ball well in the first half," said Adelman, "but we gave up some offensive rebounds and that helped the Knicks stay close.
The meat, and especially the stuffing, does not reach and maintain a high enough temperature to prevent bacteria growth.
Boeing dominates the industry, and is expected to continue to do so for years, if not decades.
Copper pots and pans are considered the Cadillacs of cookware because copper is an excellent conductor of heat.
Predators, pastoralists and agriculturalists are to be found among the 11 subfamilies.
'Oldest Radioactive Waste' ''We have a million cubic yards of radioactive waste on this side of the Missouri River, a million and a half on the other side, and they don't know where to put the first cupful,'' said Kay Drey, a nuclear opponent here who is providing technical assistance to several suburban leaders.
The very simple preparation here produces a delicious, fast and easy dish.
"I like work, I really do," Mr. McCartney said during his New York visit.
That is, they are pros.
Its release followed a year of hearings and study, chiefly on the issue of whether the barrier separating the banking and securities businesses should be lowered.
Men shouted: "If she don't abort, we gotta pay."
"Closing the county parks will attract vandals," she said, "and it will cost more to repair these 'caretaker' parks than to keep them open."
The news conference was broadcast live in many other countries, including the United States, but was recorded and aired only in excerpts later on South Africa's state-owned television.. De Klerk Compliments Mandela Mr. de Klerk, who was an unknown attorney in a provincial town when Mr. Mandela was sentenced to life in the Rivonia Trial on June 12, 1964, described the black leader as ''friendly,'' ''dignified'' and ''interesting'', terms that would surely have shocked an earlier generation of white leaders who routinely referred to Mr. Mandela as a ''communist'' and a ''terrorist.''
They were voting for relief from Washington's unmitigated hostility.
The union, the United Federation of Teachers, said the new contract provides for more than 100 other changes in teachers' working conditions and professional relationships.
About 600 riot police officers stopped the students at the school's main gate with tear gas.
According to the city worker, the neighbor said that he had acquired the art while doing demolition work in Flushing Meadows Park.
One proposed that a capital defendant be entitled to only one Federal habeas corpus petition except on the sole question of his guilt or innocence; the conference expanded that to permit further claims about the appropriateness of the death penalty itself.
Everything from the multi-floor layout of cell blocks to the range of recreation programs, like weight lifting and basketball, can be unsuitable for aging inmates.
The building, which housed Korvettes until 1980 and Saks 34th Street before that, was stripped of its facade and renovated into a glitzy structure with expanses of tinted glass.
This season, the Tigers are seeded 13th in the Midwest; Arkansas is seeded fourth.
15 * 7 THE TEMPLE OF MY FAMILIAR, by Alice Walker.
I wish I hit both free throws at the end.
An ordinance enacted in 1982 and amended in 1985 called for fines not exceeding $250 if any noise in Larchmont was more than 70 decibels from 8 A.M. to 10 P.M., or more than 62 decibels from 10 P.M. to 8 A.M., said Eileen A. Finn, Larchmont's Village Clerk.
A petitioner, Monica Hetterich, said: ''For once there is something within the system you can use.
Fluegel, who was born in Baltimore in 1882, was a long-time Army officer, and rose to become a captain in the Corps of Engineers.
''The day Hank died,'' said Fryer, ''was the worst day of my life.
Only the bottom six-foot section of each pillar was painted, however.
In the Middle Ages and the Renaissance, when much of central Italy was under the rule of the Papal states, oak trees grew abundantly in the Apennines and peasants fed their flocks and swine on the plentiful acorns.
The Mississippi Sun Herald, a Biloxi newspaper, last December examined police files on people stopped and searched on Interstate 10.
They are trying to unload the great excess of rubles piling up in state banks and piggy banks because there is nothing much else worthwhile to own or consume.
''Anyone can take a problem and find an answer,'' Mr. Share said.
Throughout this entire period, from August 1983 to mid-November '89, Senator Durenberger claimed and received $40,055 in Senate travel reimbursements for the costs incurred in renting 603 from the partnership and I.S.C.
Had it ever belonged to anyone?
Seeking to stake out a leading position in global trading, three American financial exchanges announced plans yesterday for all-night trading of stocks and options, starting in 1992.
The rise is seen aiding the fight against inflation and lifting the stock market.
Subsequent Post/ABC News polls showed that Japan had emerged as the greater perceived threat by the beginning of 1990.
Fears of recession, slow job growth and shaky consumer confidence kept the home-building industry in a slump in September, forcing the price of homes lower, the National Association of Realtors said today.
Parish Is Sidelined Robert Parish, the Boston Celtics' all-star center, will miss at least two games - against the Atlanta Hawks and the Dallas Mavericks - after suffering a hyperextended right knee in the opening quarter of a 107-105 victory over the Philadelphia 76ers on Sunday night.
The snappers raced along the shore in droves until every cast with tiny Hopkins jigs was producing a fish or a hit.
But ratings slid, and he returned after only one month.
The case began in 1986, when Mr. Goodwin was sentenced to a 14-year term for distribution of drugs.
"I always have doubts, but I think it's a very good chance," he said of today's settlement.
North Dakota's Governor, George Sinner, said the state was facing some painful choices about where the money would go.
From the elegant town houses of Capitol Hill, it is but a few blocks to Potomac Gardens, a cheerless housing project where residents smoke crack in the courtyard and shoot up heroin in the hallways.
Homeowners can have the pH levels of their soil tested at the garden for a $3 fee on Tuesdays from noon to 3 P.M., when gardeners will be on hand to answer questions and offer advice for winter maintenance.
Although Mr. Green, a Manhattan Republican, is said to be considering running for Governor this year, Mr. Siegel and other Democrats in the 15th Congressional District believe that Mr. Green will seek re-election.
1 in the year 2000.
Wine is the drink of moderation, and holiday time is the season to drink moderately.
In an interview at his home here, Moses said Cassell had frequently acted unilaterally and improperly on drug testing.
The couple drew the line at Florida landscapes on velvet, to Ms.
A Student's Recollections In January, David Puttnam, the producer of "Chariots of Fire," will journey to Hong Kong to attend a fund-raising event for the foundation and is scheduled to speak about Mr. Liddell's life at a screening of the movie.
The Union Pacific Corporation said today that it had agreed to sell most of the assets of its Union Pacific Realty subsidiary to a California real estate investment firm for about $532 million.
I couldn't wait to see her.
Even when they ostensibly accept it, one has a sense of the clouding, not cleansing, tower of truth.
Looking around the General Assembly chamber, where there were children representing more than 100 countries, Megan Anderson said,''This is interesting because you get to see how other people wear different clothes.''
Family members said that she had chosen suicide using Dr. Kevorkian's device because she believed in what he was doing.
The hotel was built by a farmer, Hackaliah Bailey, from the proceeds of showing off his Old Bet, the second elephant brought to America.
Anthropologists hailed Dr. Hanson's new interpretation of Maori tradition as a clear expression of the new critique.
The supertitles do help, as do the titles on the screen during television's ''Live From the Met.''
Mostly for this reason, the new studies have found, hydrohalocarbons trap only about one-tenth as much heat as the CFC's.
Mr. Scheuer also lists 12 cities from which there are reports of cancels, but he has not seen them.
The reporters were told that Mr. Baker, a novice in African diplomacy, might be somewhat naive in his assessment, but nevertheless felt that Mr. de Klerk was ''absolutely serious.''
Let's say you get to work and there's a message on your desk from your boss that says he or she wants to see you.
Weapons From Police Armories The Kuwaiti rebel forces were originally equipped with weapons taken from the Kuwaiti police and military armories during the initial retreat.
Workshops will be held on the use of natural fibers, a special event will feature llamas and many animals will be available for children to pet throughout the weekend.
* T.A.C., developmentally, cannot continue to focus the lion's share of its energy and resources at the elite end of the sport, the one area in these difficult financial times that is able to fend for itself.
The service was subsequently taken back off the budget, but was also required to cover some retirement and medical payments for people who had been employees of the Post Office Department.
But it is well also to remember his Administration's mistakes.
It is well written and stunningly erudite.
The loss was the result of flat sales in the four core businesses and more than $64 million in interest expenses, the company said.
The Federal agency took control of 154 units in the Clinton Hill complex from Goldome Bank for Savings, a Buffalo lender that has undergone setbacks and reorganized operations.
''Then they'll have to fly the Marines back here again.''
Game 2 of the four-of-seven series will be played here Wednesday night before the series shifts to Philadelphia for Games 3 and 4.
Land acquisition by governments is always hugely controversial.
Mr. Van Slyke, who went to the news media with his case, acknowledged being infected with the AIDS virus but insisted he did not practice unsafe sex.
The route systems of the airlines barely overlap, and United fliers could cash in for trips to Europe on Pan Am while Pan Am fliers could get free trips on United to the Pacific.
Kaoma, the band Mr. Karakos and Mr. Lorsac created to carry lambada around the globe, consists of singers and dancers from Brazil as well as the former drummer, bassist and guitarist-producer of the Senegalese group Toure Kunda.
When the Miami Heat came into the league last season, they selected Thompson in the expansion draft.
Walking through Bastia's narrow, winding streets, I would stop first at a bakery to buy falculella (a type of cheesecake baked on chestnut leaves) or a hot pumpkin beignet (a very light yeast dough, mixed with pumpkin and deep-fried).
The big concern to Americans is: As the union atrophies and power devolves to the republics, what happens to the superpower nuclear arsenal?
We should not have to live without it.
But the incidents have repeated themselves in such disparate areas as to prompt suspicions about the existence of a malevolent ''third force,'' which the Government until now refused to recognize.
Werner is general managing partner of the group, which was expanded from 10 members to 15 members on Monday.
Patricia Stuyvesant Lippe and Russell Davis were married yesterday at the Loeb Boathouse in Central Park.
''Did it give us a lift?''
BANNED BOOKS WEEK It's that time of the year again - Banned Books Week - and, naturally, instead of banning books, the Merrick Library is among those celebrating such books and one's right to read whatever one so chooses.
The bride, 32 years old, is a graduate of the University of Connecticut.
Now that chamber-music concerts are offered frequently in such large spaces as Avery Fisher Hall and Carnegie Hall, New York's smaller halls have lost some of their proprietary claim on the genre.
''He's very critical and he spots a lot of things that you can change right away.
The military arm of the United Nations Security Council met informally today to review naval efforts to enforce the Council's trade embargo against Iraq and Iraqi-occupied Kuwait.
Perhaps more important, the agency hopes the strategy will trick viewers into thinking they are seeing a new commerical and keep them from zapping it with the remote control.
As a result, the drug's maker, Sandoz Pharmaceuticals, insists on weekly blood tests.
Other late-dollar rates in New York, compared with those of late on Tuesday, included: 5.6345 French francs, down from 5.6980; 1,231.00 Italian lire, down from 1,244.75, and 1.1608 Canadian dollars, up from 1.15955.
'This Is Manhattan' It was a grayish, windy day, the sun flashing in patches, and life in the theater district was just picking up.
Although the action must be approved by the Israeli Antiquities Authority, which oversees research on the scrolls, Dr. Ulrich said he had informed the Israelis of the decision and "I think they are in general sympathy."
Information about the program is available by calling 1-800-255-4089 between 8 A.M. and 4:30 P.M. Monday to Friday or by writing to Safe Sitter, 1500 North Ritter Avenue, Indianapolis, Ind.
Alternate Jurors' Remarks In statements made to reporters shortly after leaving the courthouse, several of the alternates said they would have voted to convict Mr. Barry on all counts had they been chosen to take part in the final deliberations.
Oil traders normally schedule shipments at least four weeks in advance.
One should never come to a hockey game prepared only to play by the rules of touch football.
At the age of 33, it could be the beginning of Gerry Cooney's career.''
(AP) -- Harold Miner's 35 points sent Notre Dame to its seventh consecutive loss as Southern Cal scored the most points ever against a Digger Phelps-coached Irish team at home.
The bride, 26, and Mr. Troiano, 25, are graduates of Fairfield University.
''A predominantly native-born white male work force is a thing of the past.
"But I think audio-visual will have to have a big part of the personal computer operation."
''They love to see people's expressions when they say they go to Kansas City to shop.''
The main impact has been in the transportation sector, where prices rose 2.1 percent last month, with 80 percent of the increase in motor fuels.
On the other hand, by giving community groups or environmentalists more grounds on which to object to projects, the rules could further slow what are already widely regarded as cumbersome approvals.
This is not a place where you can line up to get your $5 for a food ticket."
But the clout of unions to influence the outcome of future battles has clearly been weakened.
Cutrone cycles 200 miles a week while swimming 4 miles and running 30.
But I'm not sure that will be the case.''
Annual Benefit, Park Avenue Christian Church at 85th Street; (212) 249-3107.
The Senate-White House compromise would delay until 1995 a new set of regulations on auto emissions and would require another phase to begin only if specicfied levels of improvement in air quality are not accomplished.
Fielder, noted on both sides of the Pacific for a gentle demeanor that belies his 6-foot-3-inch, 230-pound presence, has accepted all of this with patience and aplomb.
''If a player can stop the ball at the hole, we consider that fair conditions,'' Boatwright said.
''We heeded our elders back then, that you can only change the system from within.
The fire was started by faulty wiring in the kitchen ceiling in the rear of the basement apartment, Mr. Mulligan said.
Prime Minister Tadeusz Mazowiecki looked on as the Israeli Foreign Minister, Moshe Arens, and the Polish Foreign Minister, Krzysztof Skubiszewski, signed the agreement at a Government palace, and the delegations celebrated the long-awaited event with champagne.
We are being asked to accept a pig in a poke under unreasonably short time constraints, and that pig smells awfully bad.''
It is time for America to heed, as Britain did, the witty wisdom of Sir Thomas Beecham, who complained long ago about his country's reluctance to recognize the merits of English conductors: why do we import third-rate foreign conductors when we have so many second-rate ones of our own?
In North Dakota, the three were charged in Cass County Court with operating an aircraft while intoxicated and acting as an aircraft crew member within eight hours of drinking.
But it is uncertain whether failure fees will become standard fixtures.
The rate on the exchange debentures due in 2007 will be 17 percent, and the rate on the converting debentures due in 2009 will be 17 3/8 percent.
''Most of the bounces you get are bounces against you, not for you.
Kashmiri militants shot and killed an Indian policeman today and killed a Muslim they suspected of spying for New Delhi, the Governor of Jammu and Kashmir state said.
She married Michael Nott, a musicologist, in 1986; in November, Miss Upshaw gave birth to their first child, named Sarah Elizabeth.
Michigan State tied Syracuse, 23-23.
A key factor in controlling the cost was Mr.
"I say, 'God, please, don't let anything bad happen to her,' " the East Harlem resident said.
NAJMEDIN MESHKATI Los Angeles, Dec. 12, 1989 The writer is on the faculty of the University of Southern California.
Seymour Hersh told me he was writing a ''revisionist'' history of the Iran-contra investigation.
Eastern, a subsidiary of Texas Air Corporation, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection on March 9, 1989, five days after its machinists union went on strike.
Oregon State lost despite 31 points from the conference's player of the year, Gary Payton.
But he acknowledged that many fishermen at both hearings argued in favor of stricter limits no matter what other states do, so Connecticut could set an example.
In the process, we also become a target for sponges, apples, balls or whatever else is hurled at faces in amusement park games.
For example, last spring the producers of NBC's top-rated ''Cosby Show'' renegotiated the license fee for that comedy series to a record price, reported to be $1 million per episode.
But he has such quick movement.
When Gary Reasons used it as such a bludgeon four weeks ago, it may have saved the game for the Giants, saved their playoff chances and helped create some of the optimism that they take into tomorrow's playoff game against the Los Angeles Rams in the Meadowlands.
Control Data, which lost $1.5 billion in the last five years, continues to be subject to a variety of covenants in the amended agreement.
He Finally Insisted Both sisters said that their husband did indeed make that suggestion, and that it was followed for some months.
The Government bailout of the savings and loan industry may be forced to slow substantially for lack of money because neither the Bush Administration nor Congress wants to be seen as endorsing new spending for the effort right before the November elections.
It was less than five years ago, at the last party congress, when the first shoots of glasnost were sighted, when gasps met the first public confessions of corruption, kowtowing and falsification.
Mr. Carroll knows the look when members are trying to discourage someone.
Despite his team's success, Riley is sometimes overlooked in discussions of great coaches.
None of the Ivy schools drug-test.
Mr. Van de Kamp bought advertisements to say Ms. Feinstein mismanaged San Francisco while Mayor.
Ms. Brown called it ''the best Valentine's Day gift in the world.''
The notes are offered at a price of par to yield a variable rate equal to 60 basis points more than the bond- equivalent yield of the 91-day Treasury bill auction rate, with the interest adjusted the day after each weekly Treasury bill auction.
David J. Nash, who heads fine-art sales at Sotheby's, said he was not disappointed in what he found on his first visit to the apartment on East 52d Street, at the East River, where Garbo had lived since 1953.
He was interviewed by news magazines and stumped around the city Sunday, from a Harlem church to a Norwegian festival in Brooklyn.
My mother and my grandmother, they're trying to quit.
Only his mustache, and his fierce competitiveness on the mound, give a hint of his being as old as he is.
had not done well in many countries because it did not sell very small cars.
But that is changing as the volume compact disks rises and records decline.
A17 REGIONAL B1-5 New York City's Board of Examiners may soon be abolished.
Yet, she said, ''I have a serious fear that I will be kept on as a pet.''
However for the same reason that Alcoholics Anonymous does not serve liquor to its members, prescribing crack to coke addicts would only perpetuate or worsen addictive behavior.
After reading about ancient huts functioning not only as shelters but also as burial tombs, she conceived of ''Low Building,'' with its shallow grass roof just inches above the ground, and its connotations both of protection and suffocation.
What helped the most, he said, was a private school, St. Louis Country Day, which he attended on a grant.
One man, Carlos Melendez, 35 years old, was found dead with his throat slashed in the brush on a dark path through a wooded area that the homeless use to return to the Charles H. Gay men's shelter in the middle of the island.
After becoming spellbound by love, they are married.
Murders are never committed, he says, in the libraries of people without butlers.
Still, in the end, the listener had to be grateful for these dynamic contrasts and even a few quirky accents, for the 95-minute performance, with all repeats intact except in the Aria's concluding reprise, offered precious little variety in tempo.
But in a weightless environment, even the simple act of watering presents a formidable challenge.
Mr. Amis's heroine, Nicola Six, seems the perfect avatar of this death-obsessed world - she even calls her inner self, her alter ego, Enola Gay, after the plane that dropped the bomb on Hiroshima.
Underbelly of the Psyche ''From the very inception of this poll, part of its mission has been to explore the soft underbelly of the Iowa psyche,'' she said in a recent interview.
Earlier this year, a Senate task force on campaign reform approved a proposal that would require each television station and cable network to give four hours to the Republican and Democratic parties.
With a secure port on the island, the Kaiser's ships could dominate the Strait of Malacca and the swelling stream of merchant shipping that passed through the strait ferrying goods between Europe and Asia.
The report did not say when Mr. Hussein left, or when he would be back.
Despite the latest economic data, a minority of analysts remained unconvinced that the overall economy, as opposed to that in one or more regions, is in recession.
The score fuses musical sounds and postures borrowed from Aaron Copland, Ralph Vaughan Williams, Alban Berg and Gustav Mahler with the same sort of electronic sound effects that Mr. Williams used in his scores for ''Star Wars'' and ''Close Encounters of the Third Kind.''
Mr. Hourihan said Admiral Cary, who is not named in the lawsuit, did not diagnose the thyroid problem.
Any harsh sentence imposed for a particularly brutal crime contains an element of retaliation, satisfying a need on the part of the victim's ghost, the close survivors and perhaps even society.
Address questions to Garden News, The New York Times, 229 West 43d Street, New York, N.Y. 10036.
About 3,000 people, shouting ''Liberty!''
And starting now, it's fair warning to the learned profession: Don't be surprised later if your exclusive club membership is held against you, as of now.
Threatened, mocking, defensive and knowing, the family refers to his play as "this thing" -- but they never read it.
IN May, Pete Seeger will have a concert in the Beacon Theater to celebrate four decades of ''Sing Out!''
Initiative Supporters Upset State education officials said they have long intended to strengthen the rules for private schools and home education, believing that the current rules are too lenient.
And that is where Mr. Douglas and Mr. Holyfield come in.
The fact that Dance Theater of Harlem was not available to perform ''New York Export: Opus Jazz'' at the festival made the connections between the Robbins of Broadway and ballet less easy to discern.
Indeed, two of the largest television studios, MCA and Warner Brothers, already own record companies, while a third, Disney, is launching one.
Living within a two-minute stroll from the beach and deep-water moorings, it would be no trouble at all to have a small boat that could whisk me, at a moment's notice, out onto Long Island Sound.
Given the help of his chief of staff and the Administration's lawyers, he didn't have to.
Results are in Canadian dollars.
And Phyllis Grann, chief executive of the Putnam Berkley Group, said: ''Mr.
And Mr. Sickler eased his way through the changes gracefully, capturing the bluesy wistfulness and ease Mr. Mobley left as his legacy.
He contended that ''one-tenth the help you gave to Poland's Lech Walesa would have made all the difference.''
ONCE THERE WAS A FARM .
One of the most important pieces of legislation passed, however, now allows a freshman athlete who has puny test scores and anemic high-school grades to enter college and obtain financial aid from the instutition, though not an athletic scholarship.
* Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, Toronto, appointed Allyn W. Keiser executive vice president in charge of its corporate bank in the United States, based in New York.
Jacob's Ladder Directed by Adrian Lyne; written by Bruce Joel Rubin; director of photography, Jeffrey L. Kimball; edited by Tom Rolf; music by Maurice Jarre; produced by Alan Marshall; released by Tri-Star Pictures.
''It's been very frustrating for me,'' he said.
The ads will begin later this month on all the company's cable systems and on broadcast stations in 24 states.
Brian Bedford's one-man show, "The Lunatic, the Lover and the Poet," is both an actor's celebration of Shakespeare and an act of Shakespearean scholarship.
At Tuesday's marathon, Randee appeared only on a television monitor in a short segment of political satire in Mr. Turner's hourlong show ''Walk a Mile in My Head.''
At Labor Party congresses, he used to greet people with, ''Hi, kid.''
That such a significant minority exists at all is a sign of how much the once-monolithic party has already changed.
Credit market participants are beginning to express a rising sense of unease about the Persian Gulf and the Soviet Union.
The organization is worried about a long-term reduction in benefits if local districts must pay the employers' share now borne by the state.
Purists may complain about the Project Inform study, he said, but added ''at least we will get an answer,'' about whether the drug works.
Precise measures of the police's performance are hard to come by.
Northwest Airlines, the nation's fourth-largest carrier, said it would cut 28 of its 1,380 daily departures beginning on Nov. 1 as part of an effort to offset the increase in jet fuel prices.
Here, too, Mr. Hillerman is not just solving a crime but telling a larger story that includes the environment, cultural identity, traditional religious practices, an attractive woman serving as a legal-aid lawyer, another attractive woman who is a professor in the anthropology department at Arizona State and, depending on the shaman of choice, either the ghost or the corpse of Butch Cassidy, the desperado who once carried on the shooting trade in these parts.
The veteran reserve guard will miss at least the next five games, beginning with Friday's game at Chicago.
He is more inclined to believe the problem is not insurmountable, he said.
New York's hundreds of private galleries have been victims of many thefts over the years, but the recovery record has been good, said Lieut.
Hopes for Berlin's Future Unity and an economic boom might ease some of those problems.
c-Included an investment loss of $111,000 for the quarter and an investment gain of $63,000 for the year.
''For all the outrages described in this book, it is not defeat that resounds but a steadfast defiance and the knowledge that the fight for civil liberties is a continuous one,'' Suzanne MacNeille said in The Book Review in 1989.
So in May when agents of the Federal Bureau of Investigation raided the photography studio of Jock Sturges, who is known for his black-and-white portraits of families in the nude, and confiscated his work in an investigation of child pornography, it set off a storm of charges of Government censorship.
''It's a cloud on the horizon,'' said George Guenther, president of the National Tour Association, which represents 575 United States tour operators, 477 of which run bus tours to Canada.
The commission has already approved plans for an 80-room, six-story hotel on Houston Street, between Greene and Mercer Streets.
Others can name pitches reliably in isolation but have decreasing acuity as more notes are sounded simultaneously, and still others can recognize pitches only when they are sounded on a familiar instrument.
At deuce, Becker's attempted drop volley failed to clear the net, and this time Agassi made good with a forehand winner.
But how much those taxes would hurt would depend on economic growth.
Secretary Dick Cheney reports an impressive alliance of multinational forces that stands behind the United Nations' resolve that Iraq completely and unconditionally withdraw from Kuwait, with the restoration of the legitimate government in that country.
Morgan Freeman plays Petruchio, her suitor, who has come to wive it wealthily in Padua and who succeeds in his goal.
Justices William J. Brennan Jr. and Thurgood Marshall joined the dissent.
PLEASANT COMPANY, 8400 Fairway Place, P.O.
The owner testified at the hearing that he and his children were ''scared stiff.''
Security Pacific Security Pacific's profit rose nearly 6 percent, to $195.2 million, or $1.59 a share, from $184.5 million, or $1.58 a share, a year earlier.
For those who like to accumulate odd information, it is even fun to read.
He had just stepped off ''the tube,'' as he called it - the Concorde from Paris, where he had visited the grave of Jim Morrison of the Doors and scouted locations for his next film, a celebration of the rock icon.
His second major acquisition came in 1960 when he bought a portrait of a young man by Hans Holbein the Younger, paying, he said, exactly the same price he paid for the Cellini the year before.
For understandable reasons, Wall Street prefers bullish indicators that might persuade customers to buy stocks.
He planned to enter law school in the fall.
The agreement must be approved by United States District Court Judge Karl S. Forester.
Canceled a speech last year about the Soviet Union after Secretary of State James A. Mr. Baker 3d complained that it was too negative .
Mixing up misplaced cues, lost lines and the likes of Miss Siddons, Sarah Bernhardt and Dame Ellen Terry with Amanda and Elyot on the terrace in "Private Lives," Hamlet in tights and Gertrude in the bedroom, and the archetypal Beckett woman ensconced in an ashcan, Mr. Durang's little conceit is rife with theatrical references and tired inside jokes.
The disruptive paintings of Neil Jenney and Ida Applebroog and the wood sculptures of Jacqueline Winsor and Alice Aycock all lead the viewer into that pit of emotional and cultural turmoil that is never far from the surface of American life.
Barren Desert or Sacred Place?
Billy Byers, the veteran 63-year-old orchestrator who outfitted ''City of Angels'' with its quintessential swing arrangement, was conspicuously not mentioned by name.
The table is covered with a paper tablecloth.
Atmosphere: Handsome, three-tier dining room with sweeping view of New York Harbor.
At 16, Savon won the first of his two Cuban junior national championships.
Bitter Memories of Invasions Since the United States has invaded Mexico several times - twice in this century - Mexicans have traditionally been suspicious of any American action regarded as having the potential of infringing on their country's sovereignty.
The 24-acre Love Canal site should be turned into a museum, whose main purpose would be to demonstrate what happens when man goes too far in his zeal to make profits and ignores the basic tenets of natural law.
It's natural for people to want a return to order and predictability.''
That's appropriately modest, a reasonable guideline for step-by-step responses to what actually happens here.
John Mario, a priest whose credentials have been questioned in recent weeks, was dismissed yesterday as an official with the New York City Human Resources Administration.
The Taviani brothers of Italy, whose work has a lyrical style, will show their new collaboration, ''Night Sun.''
A splendid translation in metalwork is seen in a boldly engraved 10th-century brass astrolabe from Iraq, inscribed in Kufic script with the maker's name.
In the letter, Mr. Mandela asked that the Community postpone its review of South Africa sanctions at its summit meeting in Rome next week.
''The last four holes at Cypress were the hardest holes I ever played in my life,'' said Mediate, whose baggy pants were flopping as hard as the flags.
The truck's load of papers, the police added, were never delivered.
Carr scored 9 points in the final three minutes as the Kings tried futilely to come back from a 14-point deficit.
The Jets are in such good shape with personnel that Coach Bruce Coslet will have to start his first training camp by thinking about cutting about five fringe players.
Although the tribal societies still dominate the regions along the Afghan border from the Hindu Kush to Baluchistan, the Pathans are slipping into a minority as Punjabisand other Pakistanis move here.
But not everyone is convinced that trans fatty acids should be singled out.
''Obviously, it was one of their greatest defeats.
We join them and the people of Federal Republic in celebrating this historic occasion.''
Mr. Morrison said he believed the conference ''will be smooth sailing.''
And in the last 20 years, tourism has become increasingly important.
In a study reported in the current issue of the Archives of General Psychiatry, Vietnam veterans with post traumatic stress disorder were shown a 15-minute video of combat scenes from the film ''Platoon.''
There's no point in meeting without a willingness to negotiate.
I know they don't open the steel door to white faces.
Mitsubishi Motors is already assembling Japanese-designed cars in Thailand, then shipping them to Canada, where they are sold under an American nameplate - Chrysler.
Minnesota's previous record for points in a game was 125, set in an overtime victory over Philadelphia in the team's fourth game last season.
Given the infrequency and inconspicuousness of flag burnings in recent years, the political furor of the moment - and the unprecedented effort to amend the Bill of Rights - may seem puzzling.
''Students sometimes think we learned it all in graduate school and can just spout it out from yellowing notes.''
When they did, they said, they would argue that the court has no jurisdiction over the former Panamaian strongman and they would seek secret intelligence documents relevant to the case.
He also taught as a visiting professor at a number of schools in the United States and Canada.
Life is a matter of intrigue and suspicion, directed not only against Jews, but also against Christians and other Arabs.
For the Pistons (12-2), it was their ninth consecutive victory.
Asked whether the American Embassy in Warsaw had urged Mr. Walesa to maintain Mr. Balcerowicz's position, Mr. Olszewski said: "I was in Warsaw.
Last week Mr. Blazer screened the four-hour NBC movie, ''Blind Faith,'' about a murder in New Jersey.
But some participants delcared the day a success.
That unusually harsh opinion came in a case brought against the F.D.I.C.
BUT Gothic styling is everywhere on the inside -- as fronts for the gallery and the pine pew boxes, on the original organ screen and especially the vast plaster vaulted ceiling hung from the roof trusses.
Coupled with the city's decision not to quickly remove correction officers from the access bridge to Rikers Island last week and with its abridgement of a 27-page directive on permissible use of force by officers, he said ''this suggests a pattern of policy that is disturbing.''
If Clive insinuates himself - even his ideas and opinions - so little in his writing, it is because of his own modesty and diffidence.
Black soldiers, white officers: that was the ruling that integrated the Union Army during the Civil War.
It is clasped by intense belts of trapped radiation.
TAMPA BAY (NFC) - Waived Carl Watts, offensive lineman; Ed Thomas, tight end; Stevie Thomas, wide receiver; Tony Citizen, running back; Benji Roland, defensive end; Pete Najarian, linebacker; Evan Cooper, defensive back; and Todd Hammel, quarterback.
Power's contract will bring him $500,000, plus the possibility of another $200,000 in performance bonuses.
The scarcity of production - the Mets have scored two or fewer runs in four of five games - has not surprisingly led to a distinct dropoff from the sizzling pace the Mets maintained through the end of the season's first half.
They are a disparate lot, with some well-known artists - Ben Kingsley, Leslie Caron and Alec Guinness, for example - and many unknown in the United States, from countries including Britain, Italy, Hungary, Austria, Finland, Sweden and Ireland.
I do not consider myself in the same political situation as a Lithuanian who is oppressed from a national point of view.''
Will Fred G. Currey become the Frank Lorenzo of the bus business?
He added that Silverado had been examined by regulators annually during the three years that Mr. Bush was a director and that during that time the Federal Home Loan Bank Board had advanced millions of dollars to back Silverado's operations.
An important element in Mr. Blakey's success was the relationship he had with the Blue Note record label; between 1955 and 1961 he recorded a series of brilliant records that document the succession of his bands.
The dollar is now up more than 4 percent against the mark since the beginning of May.
The first sense in the Oxford English Dictionary, which prefers the hyphenated form, is "the extraction or transfer of data from a storage medium or device."
He helped found Bulgaria's Communist Party in 1919, won acquittal on charges brought by Germany's Nazi Government of plotting the fire that destroyed that country's Parliament building in 1933, and served in Moscow as secretary of the Communist International from 1935 to 1943.
Mr. Fang, an astrophysicist who took refuge in the United States Embassy here last year during the military crackdown on the democracy movement, left for Britain in June after long diplomatic negotiations.
''People don't appreciate how serious and how common this is,'' said Dr. Jonathan L. Arden, who said he has seen many cases in the course of his work in forensic offices in Suffolk County, L.I., Delaware and Brooklyn, since 1984.
''This administration is not pressuring anyone to support any candidate.''
For example, anything by Eisenstein.''
Although designed to combat Britain's impressment of American sailors and violations of our neutral rights, it achieved neither goal.
Winter Ball at the Waldorf March 9 - One of the mainstays of charitable work in the city for 89 years, the Junior League of the City of New York has 2,300 members who donate more than 120,000 hours of volunteer time annually to numerous programs.
They have attracted customers who in turn created a market for more moderately priced merchandise.
Somebody put a lot of work into her paper mortarboard, her crisp little dress, white socks and shiny Mary Jane shoes.
Officials of the city's Child Welfare Administration, citing confidentiality laws, refused to discuss the case yesterday.
But a frenzied attack on all junk bonds makes no sense.
Samuel I. Burstyn, a lawyer for Mr. del Cid, complained to the court that investigators from the Immigration and Naturalization Service had visited his client's wife and and two friends and questioned them about their backgrounds after they testified this week.
"But on this, it was only eight or nine people who decided the fate of the whole school district."
''It's one of the reasons we're having all those close games because a team's never out.
A New York Times editorialist, sensing the political heft in the harsh word rich , wrote of the budget agreement: " Well-to-do families will pay more for Medicare, setting a constructive precedent."
Radiations from stellar explosions and the annihilation of matter by antimatter are to be studied by the Gamma Ray Observatory, which is to be launched by a space shuttle this November if technical problems with the shuttle fleet can be resolved.
Passengers Take Notice Many passengers said they had noticed the difference.
said it was simplifying management by removing layers of managers, replacing departments with flexible teams and reducing the number of boards and committees.
Sasha Lonsdale Iglehart, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Philip Corning Iglehart of Glyndon, Md., was married yesterday to Michael Elliot Richardson, a son of Mr. and Mrs. Elliot L. Richardson of McLean, Va.
A district court in Jerusalem has ordered the settlers evicted.
They will also offer a digital simulcast of the sound tracks of movies and television shows.
When it was over, the papers reported more than 800 fires.
They later confiscated a registered rifle belonging to Mr. Nesbitt.
According to Central Intelligence Agency data, Soviet gold reserves peaked at 76.1 million ounces in 1985, and were down to 74.5 million in 1987, the last year for which C.I.A.
and the many hypocritical, greedy (the schools fight like crazy to prevent the players from sharing in their great wealth), exploitative and anti-educational members and activities, it still stands that if you're going to be a participant in good standing, then you must abide by the rules.
People who can't afford air fare or are afraid to fly.
The Vatican and Czechoslovakia restored diplomatic relations today in a step that expands the Roman Catholic Church's influence in the former Communist-governed countries of Eastern Europe.
The contract includes award bonuses as well: $100,000 for winning the Cy Young Award, $50,000 for finishing second in the voting and $25,000 if he is third, fourth or fifth; $100,000 for the Rolaids Relief Award and $50,000 for second; $50,000 for being the most valuable player in the playoffs, $100,000 if he is the World Series m.v.p.
''It's degrading,'' she says, ''not having your own supermarket.''
Mr. Pugh, who is 38 years old, become a local hero among the jailhouse crowd.
and Ford posted significant declines in earnings for the fourth quarter and the year, reflecting the softness in auto sales and their costly incentive programs for buyers.
But the document still contains several potentially explosive strictures.
And according to auctioneers, real-estate agents, developers and the buyers themselves, the strategy is working better than anyone expected.
Many analysts attribute much of the exodus to a search for greater economic opportunity.
But Dr. Gilbert said she was concerned that Dr. Stewart, an avowed opponent of the nuclear weapons industry, would evaluate the data in such a way that increases might appear falsely.
Re: Susan Scalone-Bonnici's article ''I Don't Feel Or Look My Age, So What?''
But of that $51.4 billion fall, the deficit with Japan came down only $6.4 billion, while the deficit with Europe fell $26.5 billion, almost to zero.
First woman: I'll make mine hippy-dippy and veggie weggie.
''Wal-Mart will always do well,'' he added.
A limited amount of social chaos would help Mr. Collor push through a tough anti-inflation program through Congress, several Brazilian business leaders have speculated in interviews here.
Tom Cruise puts it better himself: ''The challenge of it is that you have to be prepared for the totally unexpected.
When the deal closed, Federal regulators gave American Federal $48 million and a note valued at $499 million.
Many East Germans have bought second-hand West German cars since travel restrictions were relaxed.
A new balance is critical, they say, since small science, despite its name, is the largest and most important part of the American scientific enterprise, its health vital to that of the economy.
Stand by Brooklyn Bishop In February, the newly appointed head of the Catholic Diocese of Brooklyn, Bishop Thomas V. Daily, said he would not permit Mr. Cuomo to speak on abortion in a Catholic church in the diocese because of his abortion stand.
Such a transformation of an opera retains all its arias and choruses; the singers, however, are relegated to the orchestra pit or to the sides of the stage, and the dramatic action is entrusted to dancers.
How much more elegant and livable these seem than the sleeping platforms often found in today's one-room apartments.
The campaign is "just window dressing," said a top health official at the Department of Health and Human Services, who declined to be named.
On too many nights, we already have opera without singers, which is forcing the scales to tip toward prosaic, metamusical theater.
b-Included an extraordinary loss of $9,500,000 related to arbitration concerning terminated co-production agreement.
He was one of 16 ''Black Achievers in Science'' featured in a three-month exhibit at the Museum of Natural History.
Its disregard for restrictions on what the press may publish has prompted Government retribution.
''I think Weicker is very strong, and that he's going to take Republican votes,'' said Mr. Kenny at the Democratic Committee, who said he was fully behind Mr. O'Neill.
There is a freewheeling quality to the narrative that makes it open to diverse interpretations.
I'm hoping the judge can form an opinion that Rob is someone who needed a little extra money and got in with the wrong people."
Ally in 1985 ''that I had talked with New York officials at a secondary level who would accept a contribution to the mayor's re-election fund.''
Any computer that does not have an F.C.C.
Mr. Kean said a chief executive could easily lose touch with reality, what with state troopers driving him everywhere, a helicopter waiting for him, people standing up when he enters a room and someone always on hand to do his bidding.
The negativism that we have become used to will continue in the short term.
The wage base will almost certainly be increased.
Harold Seymour, David Voigt, Melvin Adelman and I all contend that the Knickerbockers drew up the first rules of modern baseball on the East Side of Manhattan in the spring of 1845.
But the piece is an obvious crowd-pleaser.
If Cavallon was ever political, it would be helpful to know about it - and know just how that polemical impulse got channeled into such unpolemical painting.
Next month, Mrs. Hughes is to become a trial lawyer for the Legal Aid Society, where her husband is a legal assistant.
Mr. Rushdie has been in hiding since the call was issued.
But he says he won't interfere with the affairs of Clarke and Gainey.
At Roseland, Sonic Youth stuck to more recent songs, most of them from its current album, ''Goo'' (Geffen/Warner Brothers).
Some might have borders, in blue, to set off the spray of pink blossoms in the center.
And he did all that at Shea Stadium in another ringing performance, one that gave him a seven-game winning streak and the best record in the big leagues.
An exhibition in New York of works by Mario Merz, organized by Mr. Celant, and an installation by Jenny Holzer, organized by Ms. Waldman, dealt sensitively with the limitations of Wright's spiral design.
For example, several governments are eager not to be seen weakening the North Atlantic Treaty Organization.
''For some markets and applications, one may be better than another,'' said Lamar Ledbetter, vice president of engineering for Bitstream, a company with a reputation as the ''Switzerland of the font wars,'' having insisted on neutrality.
It also softens the impact of the presidential decree, which with its threat of intervention by federal troops, had been viewed in some republics as a challenge to local sovereignty.
These parents find that there are more gradations of problems than had been thought.
''They don't understand the ins and the outs of the game.
Mr. Schonberg, the former chief music critic of The New York Times, was the first music critic to win a Pulitzer Prize, in 1971.
The key figure in the security forces is said to be Kico Mustaqi, a Sigurimi general who was the army's Chief of Staff under Mr. Hoxha.
The Ginger Man J. P. Donleavy, 1955 Publication of ''The Ginger Man'' would not be a practical proposition in this country.
Another participant, a sanitary engineer who did not want his name published, noted that he had received valuable advice from members of the group.
Upon completion of his treatment, charges stemming from the incident with his wife are not pressed.
Advanced Beyond His Years ''He's the key to our team,'' said Brian Oliver, a senior teammate.
Shows tonight and tomorrow are at 9:30 and 11:30.
A man I knew who spent 25 years diving for lobsters says that the crusher can exert 200 pounds of pressure and that the ripper is more ruthless than shark teeth.
Mr. Kraus is, however, 62 years old.
"Their only concession to modern times was the rubber tires on their chuck wagon."
How do you make sure wallpaper in a bathroom stays up?
The new restaurant, to be called Coco Pazzo, or the crazy cook, will have communal tables and changing daily menus, Mr. Luongo said.
''We're really way ahead here,'' said Hiroko Hiraki, 9, from Garden City.
I mentioned props a moment ago, and that brought back into my head the odd and unusual service a prop may perform.
LEAD: *3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** *3* Cross (A.T.) Co. (A) Qtr to Dec 31 1989 1988 Sales 81,964,000 79,538,000 Net inc 15,675,000 14,748,000 Share earns .93 .89 Shares outst 16,768,000 16,661,000 Yr sales 247,411,000 227,565,000 Net inc 36,002,000 35,395,000 Share earns 2.15 2.13 Shares outst 16,735,000 16,621,000 View Full Article in Timesmachine »
"Sometimes you can't feed the same message over and over again," Gantt said in an interview.
''Twin Peaks,'' the most talked-about series of recent years, came up with virtually nothing although its presence was almost eerily palpable.
''The evidence is clear that controlling costs in the health care field can only be done by intelligent use of government.''
Unsold Oil in Tankers "Right now, there is a considerable amount of oil on the water, unsold," he said.
A new daily paper may chronicle the business and entertainment side of politics.
But they failed to recognize that the consultants were approaching the shipyard not with Mrs. Johnson's romantic notions, but with a cool-eyed business perspective.
Mr. Sperlich, 60, who has been a PHM director for nine months, replaces James Grosfeld, 52, who is retiring.
Among people over age 75, more than 32 percent are unable to climb stairs, 40 percent are unable to walk two blocks, 7 percent cannot walk across a small room and 22 percent cannot lift 10 pounds, the institute said.
Mr. Baker said that the progress made in their negotiations left the two sides ''in a position'' to declare, at the coming summit between President Bush and President Mikhail S. Gorbachev, that they had resolved all major obstacles to a strategic arms reduction treaty.
Sure, all their worldly possessions were under blocks of concrete, but the main thing heartbroken callers were saying, Mr. Baldovin recalled, was: ''My Lava Lite did not survive.
''How long'd we have to keep coming?
Both the Waterboys and the Pogues came to Irish music secondhand.
Doctors said all of the children showed medical evidence of abuse, though that was challenged in some cases by the defense.
During the 132 years that the New York Yacht Club managed racing, the club pre-empted renegade challenges by arranging during the ongoing series for the next campaign.
Pessimism, as everyone knows and as the board of trustees reminds him, is un-American and probably even anti-American.
Illusion of Omnipresence At a time of the season that is all about positioning, the Hoyas at times succeeded in creating the impression that they were everywhere.
The United States has argued that forced repatriation is out of the question now because Vietnam is likely to persecute those who are returned.
Harmon gave the Shelton an emphasis on verticality with a striking setback arrangement that drew widespread critical praise as an important development of the skyscraper type.
Where will you be looking?
''In the hierarchy of perceived need, the arts don't rate as highly as the calamitous social ills affecting people,'' he said.
Believing in Something ''I guess some people might think that we're a little odd to do all this,'' said Mrs. Crain, a Haworth resident and the nonprofit group's president.
Dr. Leo I. Dana, a former Union Carbide research executive who specialized in low-temperature physics, died last Thursday in Canton, Ohio, at the age of 94.
''It was absolutely impossible for me to get in,'' Mr. Osborne said.
When the 49ers have the ball, they can unleash even more big threats than the Rams.
All food, fuel and other supplies destined for Eritrea's three million inhabitants enter the province by sea through Massawa, which is linked by a 70-mile highway to Asmara and other towns in the central highlands.
Ernst & Young obtained a temporary restraining order on Jan. 8 from Justice Beatrice Shainswit of the New York State Supreme Court against the newsletter, Bowman's Accounting Report.
''I'm not going to let it sit,'' Steinbrenner said.
It's just one of those things.''
In a speech at the National Press Club this morning, the Jordanian Ambassador, Hussein Hammami, said that no ship with goods bound for Iraq had entered Aqaba harbor since Aug. 19, but that Jordan would continue to allow food and other basic commodities into Iraq until it was told not to do so by the United Nations.
The appliances all evoke a happier era, but there are also some nasty details, like one record that plays newscasts about the Jonestown mass suicide.
Not content with old Elvis Presley films, the director John Waters has made a new one ''in the manner of a teen-crazed Cecil B.
Ms. Hering and other analysts estimate that as many as 150,000 people were taken on as census workers in May.
Many young Germans refuse to accept that they have been ''branded.''
Italy's Miuccia Prada decorated rough silk tunics and dresses with feathers and wooden beads, while other designers encrusted their outfits with seashells and other bits of nature's flotsam.
Commercial interests are also paying the higher rates now, unless they booked vessels long in advance.
Warner-Lambert's stock lost $1.875 a share yesterday, to close at $67.25, on the New York Stock Exchange.
Mr. Dembner worked at Time Inc. from 1948 to 1952, after which he and his wife, Anna, took off almost a year to travel in Europe.
The next question presented the statement, ''Most women prefer a sexual partner with a larger-than-average penis,'' to which the right answer, said Dr. Reinisch, is ''False.''
The girls, who by their own accounts loved their father and despised their mother, came to live with Ernie and his second wife, the singer and actress Edie Adams.
And by the time he was 16, 20 years ago, he was discovered by Verckys, a top Zairian record producer, who produced ''hit after hit after hit until today,'' he said.
In a holiday message to the Philippine people, which she sent to news organizations in Manila from her home-in-exile in Hawaii, Mrs. Marcos spoke of her longing to return to her homeland.
Now, said Mr. Boslego, the company's risk is limited.
said the account "offers an alternative to bank money market and savings accounts, money market funds and certificates of deposit."
William M. Griffen, the supervisory special agent in charge of the immigration service's anti-fraud efforts in Los Angeles, said the office had obtained 129 felony convictions on document-fraud charges in the fiscal year ended last Sept. 30.
Although some last-minute steps could be taken that the negotiators could then pronounce positive, Japanese political leaders and senior bureacrats are divided over how to answer American demands and concerned that the Bush Administration has unrealistic expectations.
No other democracy in the world does it that way.
The logistics of such an undertaking must be daunting, and the patrons had ample leisure to contemplate the difficulty when they arrived to find that the concert's starting time had been pushed back a half-hour to allow sufficient rehearsal.
According to both Israeli and Palestinian accounts, the police, for their part, returned in force after about 15 minutes and began firing automatic weapons into crowds of Palestinians.
Mr. Young and Mr. Serino were only involved in outfitting the firm's offices in the center after it was constructed.
Soon all the landscape is filled with ambivalent characters flashing red and green, stop and go, do this but watch out for the consequences.
''He was in his street clothes, but he took his shirt off and began taking on each kid for two, three rounds apiece,'' said Davis Miller, a reporter who was there.
Then, in 1982 and again in 1986, oil prices tumbled, falling from $37 a barrel to a low of $10.
When the victim saw the defendant, he identified him as the robber, and evidence of the identification was admitted at trial over the defendant's claim that it was the fruit of an arrest unsupported by probably cause.
A standard television channel today fits into a frequency band width of 6 megahertz, or cycles of radio frequency, and the F.C.C.
"I can't say it right," he answered, but he did not stop.
So I stopped painting paintings, and said goodbye to part of my life.
Crosby birdied four of her first six holes on putts of 15, 25, 35 and 2 feet.
(AP) Penguins 3, Jets 3: Mark Recchi's goal in the third period pulled visiting Pittsburgh into a tie as the team kept a five-game unbeaten streak despite the absence of Mario Lemieux, out with a bad back.
The moisture you refer to is condensation.
So that helps with stage fright.''
The gallery is also the setting for two exhibitions - ''Protest Posters of Russia and Eastern Europe'' and ''Contemporary Artists of Poland'' - that open Friday with a festival benefit reception at 8 P.M. Other events on the festival schedule: * A talk by the writer Joi Nobisso on ''The Creative Process: Children's Picture Books,'' 2 P.M. Saturday, Westhampton Free Library.
''You make an agreement with one place where there's a xerox machine, it turns out today there's no paper, tomorrow there's no copying powder, the day after tomorrow the machine breaks down, and on the fourth day, the party secretary comes and stops the whole process.
The most common protagonist after Mr. Zhivkov is Mother Bulgaria, a woman in shabby clothes looking forlorn and bedraggled.
The commission's statistical and science committee narrowly approved the plan last week.
We ate hot stew, which was cooked on a portable gas stove brought along for the occasion.
He cited increased mini-van availability, the introduction of two low-priced subcompact models -- the Dodge Shadow America and Plymouth Sundance America -- and increased fleet business.
He became chief of the agency's counterintelligence staff in the early 1980's.
Undeterred by the Bush Administration's appeasement of Iraq's bloodthirsty regime, Federal grand juries have recently brought two indictments against Saddam Hussein's agents: In one case, Iraqis were caught trying to smuggle krytrons - nuclear triggers - from the U.S. through London, to speed development of an atomic warhead.
replaces annually, said Victor Marrero, a lawyer for the company.
''The two sides would be screaming at each other.''
And it is by meeting and talking with the men that he hoped to find reflected something for his own heart's ease.
What if the truck driver says that he will take back the nightstand with the missing drawer handle, but that he does not make partial deliveries, so the whole bedroom set will have to go back, too?
I think we have learned lessons and we do not want to repeat the errors of history.
In view of the pronounced echoes of his words in the first three sentences of my review, it would be difficult to believe that I have not read them -- or some version of them -- quoted somewhere else.
In Dnepropetrovsk in the Ukraine, demonstrators calling for the resignations of local party leaders have also demanded that workplace party cells be disbanded.
Five golf-ball-size deep-fried balls were loosely packed, and a flavorful mixture of crabmeat, corn niblets and chopped scallions.
A reserve locomotive sent to the site came under fire and travel on that part of the railroad was blocked, Tass said.
Japan Air Lines said in Tokyo on Tuesday and it and DHL were considering whether to link their transport networks.
In doing so, the company reduced sales personnel in its Concept 2 stores.
And since the award was a full production, ''Me, Annie'' gets that treatment for two weekends starting Friday at St. Joseph College's Clare Rose Playhouse in Patchogue.
Then, let Washington specify that all U.S. money be applied to non-abortion planning activities.
Mr. Kirby makes few apologies for his company's ample defenses.
Curtis Strange, who lives at Kingsmill, chipped in from the fringe on the par-4 18th for a birdie and a 68, which left him at 201.
Unfortunately for the addict -and for the ''co-dependent''-minded editors who, with their magical thinking, believe that their words can control the behavior of others - the problem is only exacerbated by this unempathic, uninformed and controlling point of view.
With Motel 6, Accor will have some 80,000 employees and will gain a major foothold in the United States, where it has been struggling without much success since 1979.
A Theory of a Diversion So investigators are pondering this theory: if Mr. Moody is behind the bombs, he may have wanted to attack the court and used the racial attacks and letters only as a diversion to turn attention elsewhere.
The Children's Defense Fund says there are as many as 15 million such youngsters in the United States.
Planes Grounded After Crash The Airbus deal was signed in 1986 for 19 aircraft.
I told him there weren't opportunities for me to make that kind of money.
''Astrid couldn't talk for several weeks,'' Ms. Wilson said.
''To give you an idea of how quickly things have changed,'' said Gary Hustad, director of packaging for Oscar Meyer, ''last year, Lunchables were awarded the Package of the Year by Food and Drug Packaging Magazine.
''If you're constantly taking measures, you increase the atmosphere of fear you're living in,'' said Richard A. Gordon, a professor of psychology at Bard College in Annandale-on-Hudson, N.Y., and a clinical psychologist in private practice.
A summit house, called Horstman Hut, serves hot chocolate, coffee, beer and soft drinks, plus knackwurst, bratwurst and chili; on clear days the view over a sea of peaks is unmatched in the Coast Range.
He argued that such a rite, while not tantamount to marriage, would ''reduce rather than encourage promiscuity'' and help inspire faithfulness and stability.
The decision to pay the suppliers this week came after James M. Zimmerman, president of Federated/ Allied, appeared before Campeau's directors on Monday and argued that the payments were needed to maintain relationships with the suppliers, whether or not a bankruptcy filing was planned, people who were told about the meeting said.
The Hoosiers (6-5-1) had taken the lead moments earlier when their quarterback, Trent Green, scored on an 11-yard run with 2 minutes 26 seconds to play for his third rushing touchdown of the game.
In part because of the way it frames its solutions.
Even though the novella is set in Czechoslovakia, it is reminiscent of Ray Bradbury's 1953 novel, "Fahrenheit 451," in which owning books is reason enough for a totalitarian state to burn both the volumes and their owners.
Advisers in the case said they did not believe yesterday's filing would have a significant impact on the proceedings.
The third graders got very excited about all the trees they could save and decided each of them would ask a store to create a bag-refund plan.
Does it make sense, at this historic moment, to provide these countries practically all of our aid at the cost of foreclosing dramatically promising new aid initiatives in Eastern Europe or other important countries?
Many lawn products contain this pre-emergent weed control in the same package as fertilizer.
But there was no sign that the United States was ready to cut back weapons supplied to the groups responsible, or to discipline them in any way.
Each year these men and women, who often center their social lives around the cramped interiors of neighborhood veterans' organizations, treat this secular holiday with a quasi-religious fervor.
The biggest of the city's three stores devoted to books on gambling, Gamblers Book Shop, carries thousands of new titles and about 2,000 used.
The tape, which graphically depicted the environmental disaster caused when the tanker struck Bligh Reef in Prince William Sound last March 24, was introduced into evidence by the prosecution in Anchorage Superior Court.
New Concept in Poland In 1976, Mr. Walesa was dismissed from the shipyard for criticizing the Communist trade unions there.
Before 4,127 fans at Palmer Stadium today, the Tigers may have found the answer in the form of the sophomore tail back, Erick Hamilton, who ran roughshod against Fordham.
The case remains in the courts.
People need some kind of direction so the nation can be integrated."
The refiners have sharply increased their buying of crude because of the soaring demand and prices of heating oil, as well as unleaded gasoline, Mr. Beutel said, adding that ''some of the refinery problems have been in the plants that produce gasoline.''
Mr. Coonts is the author of three previous best sellers, ''Flight of the Intruder,'' ''Final Flight'' and ''The Minotaur.''
Linda Wells, currently food and beauty editor of The New York Times Magazine, has been named as its editor.
The civil rights leadership found itself in an ugly feud last summer when the Rev.
It is whether the U.S. should actively seek to foster negotiations now.
"We have to earn every point and we're used to that."
14 9 11 THE WOMEN IN HIS LIFE, by Barbara Taylor Bradford.
M.J. MORSE stalks stinky lilies.
7 6 7 BOOTLEGGER'S BOY, by Barry Switzer with Bud Shrake.
Doctors Question Old Warnings Orthopedists are now inclined to agree.
The reason for this coolness, the book reports, is that Dr. Teller felt Dr. Ulam denigrated the chances of the hydrogen bomb's success even after the breakthrough idea.
''You're talking about investments that won't come on stream for 5 years, if you're lucky, or maybe 10 years.''
The cities' argument: the time has come to end the fiction that we can count everyone, and to let statisticians and their computers turn the fraying census count into a smooth fabric matching the fabric of American society.
On Sunday, the Flatbush Historical Society is sponsoring a walking tour through the neighborhood.
So the exhaustive state-by-state listing of narrow-gauge roads in the second half of this book, covering Alaska and Hawaii as well as the continental United States, is a historical archive, not a contemporary catalog.
Rule 219 of the taxi drivers' rulebook states that "a driver shall not sell, advertise or recommend any service or merchandise without prior written commission approval."
Because the child care measure is part of the budget reconciliation bill, its ultimate fate remains in doubt.
"He asked my advice," Paul M. Weyrich, a leading conservative strategist, said of a call from Mr. Bennett 10 days ago.
Between 1978 and 1986, the pair traversed 22,000 miles in West Africa and Southwest Asia, documenting the stunning variety of one of the oldest construction methods in the world.
Not surprisingly, the governments of South Asia are at the forefront of efforts to seek United Nations help in cushioning the effects of the gulf standoff on the developing world.
Stir in the peas, and cook for 4 minutes.
As far as the ''free exercise of religion'' is concerned, that will no longer be so.
Governors will cut some state programs, but will face irresistible demands for new state spending on Medicaid and prisons, he said.
Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia were annexed by the Soviets in 1940 as part of a secret protocol to a nonaggression pact between Hitler and Stalin.
''That mountain is like a mother to us,'' he said.
He has a point, but the expose has long since proved its value, and Mr. Wallace, in league with his less famous producers and researchers, deserves credit for carrying on a useful tradition.
Uses in Cancer Treatment Other companies are working on developing carbohydrates as drugs in their own right, not merely to improve the effectiveness of protein drugs.
Sandinista leaders have seized on the aid as proof that Mrs. Chamorro's coalition is a ''rented opposition,'' and have alleged that as much as $30 million more has reached opposition parties through secret channels over the last five years.
Instead of alluding to literary pillars like Dickinson and Frost, the artier bands' favorite points of reference tend to be television shows, Dadaist movies and obscure pop tunes.
That's what Thomas Hart Benton Ewald, a 25-year-old American who was held hostage in Kuwait and Iraq, learned.
Underwriters said both issues were noncallable by the telephone companies and rated Aa-3 by Moody's Investors Service and AA- by the Standard & Poor's Corporation.
Party Bonds Tested Although some politicians interpreted last November's vote as a sign of frustration over the state's problems, others said the results simply reflected a continued weakening of party allegiances.
Along the cliff road, I glanced down at the river and saw what looked like a packed beach on a hot summer Sunday.
While the emphasis is primarily on the diagnosis of genetic diseases, even today damage from some diseases can be prevented if they are found early enough.
He said domestic production had declined 20 percent during the last four years, and 5.5 percent in the last year.
There will also be music, food and gifts for children.
He is equally warm in his admiration for the U.S.
While the city says it has included only enough money in the budget for a 1.5 percent wage increase this year, Barry Feinstein, a major Dinkins supporter and the head of Local 237 of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters, which represents many city workers, said a 5 percent increase is the floor at which his union intends to start formal bargaining on Feb. 13 for a two-year contract.
Some of the best dive sites on this island of nine square miles are Crook's Reef, Double Wreck, Jenkins Bay Reef, the Wall and Supermarket, where many wrecks lie on the ocean floor about 1,200 yards offshore.
There are several floors of bare brick jail cells in the rear but the principal rooms are the two courts.
The American Telephone and Telegraph Company announced yesterday that it plans to reduce its long-distance telephone rates by $300 million a year, beginning July 1.
Even after the curtain dominating Douglas Stein's sleek set has become a hospital curtain, ''Falsettoland'' does not surrender its right to a joke.
Heading to Hungary and Poland Under current plans, two groups of 60 volunteers will head for Hungary and Poland in June to teach English to instructors at universities and secondary schools.
They blasted the room with air horns and whistles, handcuffed themselves together and engaged in pushing and kicking matches with security guards and police officers who tried to remove them.
Dozens of Republicans in Congress urged the President to reverse his position, arguing that Mr. Seidman's continued presence and the credibility he lent to the bailout would help their party in the fall elections.
In a statement last week taking responsibility for the Armagh attack, the I.R.A.
What may have seemed too idealistic and naive in the past is now seen by many as the only way to assure peace and preserve life on earth.
"Something between the American and French system," explained Georgi K. Shakhnazarov, a member of the President's Council, at a Soviet briefing of the media.
Using dental floss threaded through a surgeon's suture needle, Mr. Gibson sewed the squirrel together.
Subliminally aware of his net worth and of his ability to generate income, he feels it isn't worth pursuing a ball that costs so little.
Miss Neville's gift is for distilling emotion and mystery, not without a touch of menace.
He was also, of course, meeting Wordsworth and his sister, Dorothy, almost every day to walk on the Quantock Hills.
Business sales rose 1 percent in June for the second consecutive month, while inventories declined 0.4 percent, the Commerce Department said.
Starters can be as simple as blood-warming duck consomme with al dente julienne of vegetables, or as urbane as a velvety and well-seasoned foie gras-and-avocado terrine.
In the black-lacquered top tier, chilled brown-sugar syrup reflects like a dark mirror.
Because of a transcription error, an article last Sunday about New York City's ownership of some buildings that house illegal social clubs misstated the role of the city's Housing Authority.
Therefore, the campaign is working on a get-out-the-vote drive.
Annual per capita income is about $150; living standards are lower than when Mr. Mobutu took power.
And even a modest improvement in traffic that increased the efficiency of delivery trucks would more than offset the charge.
Her husband, who is charged with first-degree manslaughter, is deeply distraught, she said, and her son will need psychotherapy.
The world is going to 24-hour trading, and I don't think there is much choice in the matter.''
Haitian Winner's Hurdles The Rev.
Representative Henry A. Waxman, a California Democrat who is a leading advocate of environmental legislation, said the public's longtime concern about the issue sharpened markedly after the oil spill a year ago in Valdez, Alaska, was brought home to television viewers with nightly pictures of animals covered with oil.
Informal negotiations are under way to iron out the differences.
The Padres, in recent months, have dismissed all sorts of people, from the general manager to the trainers to the public relations director to a collection of scouts.
Iraq has been deterred from moving against Saudi Arabia, and suffers economic punishment rather than reward for grabbing Kuwaiti oil fields.
Then he sent a letter to Ronald H. Brown, the chairman of the Democratic National Committee, in which he asserted that Democratic leaders were so out of touch with the nation's ''vast majority'' that they risked getting an ''early start'' on writing their memoirs.
There, if you ask, a guitar-strumming father-and-son duo, with nothing more elaborate than their stained straw hats, rough white clothes and razor-sharp wit, will do you the hilarious, distinctly Mexican favor of drawing your portrait in song, making up the words as they go.
Already, several of the refugees have died, including at least one Sri Lankan today.
''Kevin's a happy-go-lucky kid, not anything like you'd think,'' said the Browns' 58-year-old rookie head coach, Bud Carson.
Several Western officials said the move indicated dissension in the hierarchy of his armed forces.
Gill & Macmillan, Supermac's Dublin branch.
Nonetheless, since his return from Europe in the fall, events in Germany have thrown an unexpected wrench in the novelistic works.
It should not have taken Mayor David Dinkins of New York four months to find a Commissioner of Human Resources, but his choice is promising.
Prostate cancer is usually curable, and it is one of the most common cancers among men.
Joe Kuperblum, the teacher in charge of attendance improvement, works with many of the children to keep them in school.
They already have Mike Greenwell, Ellis Burks and Brunansky out there.
What the Package Says ''In hindsight, the old box didn't say, 'I'm a new product; notice me,' '' said James Chambers, the Nabisco product director who oversees Graham Bites.
He meant that numbers tend to dazzle the beholder, obscuring the often-fuzzy assumptions on which they are based.
If those men who confess to such exploitation while denying criminal culpability are anyone's victims, they are victims of their own group norms.
Results are in Canadian funds.
''And he did it with relative ease.''
The obstetricians called a judge, then told the woman he was on his way over.
Britten's "Ceremony of Carols" and a Carol Sing-In, 12:10 P.M.; Gerre Hancock, organist and choirmaster.
It reminded me of a Jane Bowles novel called 'Two Serious Ladies.'
''If a black patient comes in with a warty lesion on the bottom of his foot, you can't just say 'blacks shouldn't have malignant melanoma' and not take it seriously,'' said Dr. Williams of U.C.L.A.
Mrs. Collins, a 1942 graduate of Vassar College, said her mother started her working at King without pay at a very early age as a typist.
Chairs can be adjusted, but only for height and to rock.
And still others are paying a heavy economic price at home for complying with the United Nations sanctions.
Several days ago, New York's thoroughbred racing shifted to Saratoga, providing a sort of working vacation from the debate over the future, if any, of race tracks.
'Little' Elements of Policy ' The biggest issues, like health insurance for 37 million uninsured people, long-term care and abortion, are still in the hands of the White House.
Kilauea is on the eastern flank of Mauna Loa.
He played 15 minutes and had 6 points and 2 assists.
By suspending Andy Rooney, the ''60 Minutes'' commentator, for three months, Mr. Burke distinguishes sensibly between insult and injury.
considers prone to abuse, like deductions for casualty losses.
Night dives are also offered.
Up in the Broadway Ballroom balcony, draftniks in Jets jerseys were shouting: ''Dee-fense!
Only once did she get into ''serious trouble,'' Mrs. Emory recalled.
The other two, a drummer named Ignacio Berroa and a conga player named Daniel Ponce, were unknowns who had literally washed ashore in the Mariel boatlift.
There were reports that Mr. Lal was among 25 Janata Dal members who were expelled from the party on Monday after Mr. Shekhar announced that the party would split.
William A. O'Neill of Connecticut, heard Mr. Daniels repeat his campaign theme, the politics of inclusion.
The buyer was a Japanese bidder who was not identified.
Additionally, crackdowns on nuclear-related smuggling in Europe have provided fresh data on the sort of equipment Iraq seeks to acquire and, by implication, the equipment that it lacks.
Its title was brilliant in its simplicity.
When the goose is cooked, you better go ahead and eat it.''
Although there are no statistics available for the number of people looking for apartments, brokers say a demand for rental apartments exceeds the supply because of the vast number of apartment buildings that were converted to coops and condos during the 80's.
Tainted drinking water can induce flu-like symptoms, headaches, vomiting, diarrhea, stomachaches and dehydration.
For a time, only N.R.A.
There is also footage, shot by Dame Margot herself, of a gun-running expedition on which she accompanied her husband, and of a vacation on Aristotle Onassis' yacht with Maria Callas and the Winston Churchills.
It can be found in many London bookshops as well as at most village stores on the trail.
''It's a refusal on the part of the umpires to be recalled.''
It shows we can play.''
''It makes it virtually impossible to get access to information that is vital to a free market.''
Another rule to keep in mind is that texture is critical.
As a result, they have the same blank demeanor that characterizes Mr. Welling's work, simultaneously inviting their viewers to free-associate and rebuffing any attempt to fix their meanings.
''He was tireless,'' said John L. Hyer, executive director of the New Jersey Symphony Orchestra and president of Art Pride, an arts advocacy group.
The Carvel Corporation took root, pioneering multi-flavored soft ice cream and using its owner's advertising methods.
For example, the Georgia-Pacific Corporation, a paper products manufacturer, is currently doing spot media-buying and advertising to the Hispanic market through Omnicom and its subsidiaries.
The French actor Yves Montand, representing the international committee, presented the prize.
It reflects exactly the way I feel when electricians and plumbers show up at my castle.
General Pinochet regarded health, education and housing as responsibilities primarily of the private sector and did little to support them.
''We are a little less than halfway there,'' Mr. Barrett said.
Three of Bol's blocks came on successive trips down the floor; he blocked Walker twice and Ewing once.
Single people or married people filing separately, however, would see the rate rise to 5 percent at $35,000 and 6.5 at $40,000.
About 10 percent of this year's victims were related to their killers, and 32 percent were acquainted with the killer.
But properly calculated, the cost would be awesome.
Responding to the Supervisors' comments, Mr. Jorling said: ''To fail to participate in a common solution to the solid-waste-management problems of sister towns when you all depend on the same groundwater is very shortsighted.
(AP) A Popular Score: Cathy Gerring, a six-year pro, also shot a 63 yesterday and took the first-round lead in the Centel Classic in Tallahassee, Fla. Patty Sheehan and Joan Pitcock were tied for second at 67.
"For me, that is the biggest problem -- not the man Suharto, but the political system, which is not yet a constitutional one."
What this amounts to is the abandonment of all outward vestiges of Marxism.
Aided by the surviving registered nurse and several gray-haired friends, the young woman's mother seeks to avenge her death in a positive way: by establishing a legal clinic in Sweden to help American women who can no longer risk having an abortion in their own country.
But Mr. Mojahi said young people, unlike their elders, at least cared about politics, even if they regarded apathy as tolerance of apartheid.
A New Spirit of Frugality But where, in years past, the motto seemed to be the bigger and more lavish the better, 1990 seems to have ushered in a spirit of frugality and cost-consciousness.
After Orbison's death in December 1988, the Wilburys lost most notions of romance.
Instead of three or four years' experience, the 34-year-old Donald had Billy Harmon reading the greens as his caddie.
Ms. Kingsolver missed a unique opportunity to explore carefully the sometimes bitter and always complex 1983 copper strike in Arizona.
''We don't have the highs but then we don't have the lows: it's a more secure existence.''
''Perhaps that's because both jobs involve being able to tell a good story.''
Aleksander Hertzog, the first deputy prosecutor general here, told the newspaper Rzeczpospolita that it was ''highly probable'' that the blaze was started by benzene that had been spread on the door at the apartment.
The words were written by Lydia Huntley Sigourney, a Hartford resident who was ''the most popular poet in the United States'' when she died in 1865, Mr. Wilkie said.
The same air of resignation prevails in other stories, like ''Barbie,'' where Veronica finally gets the doll she wants, only to have it lose its head.
''I'm someone people will let in their homes, on a subject they might not want in their homes.
In 1989 General Foods Corp. was combined with Kraft to form Kraft General Foods Inc.
Cases will remain in which it will be desirable for prosecutions to proceed by indictment; they would involve organized crime, corruption by public officials or the necessity of testing questionable witnesses.
But please be sure that we will fight.''
Mr. Edgar has consistently supported abortion rights for women, and he recently endorsed a plan to make permanent a temporary 20 percent increase in the state income tax to roll back property taxes without cutting assistance for education. '
Remember how your mother used to ask ''Will his mother be home?''
It's a good idea to shorten your casts at night.
Deere said it earned $114.1 million, or $1.50 a share, in the three months ended July 31, compared with $98.2 million, or $1.30 a share, a year earlier.
There's a good deal of military sense to this approach, but it ignores the nasty political consequences.
In the decision handed down on Monday, the Court refused to hear an appeal by an agent of the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
Here, there are ''black-and-white polka-dot nights when the moon did a golliwog cakewalk across a banjo-strung sky,'' and the ''teaser-man'' (who sells New Year's party favors) sings his plaintive song: ''Buy my teasers / See 'em blow in 'e breezes.''
Those that remained retreated without incident, although some taunted the soldiers.
The willingness of Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Bahrain and the United Arab Emirates to even acknowledge that the "international family" might have a role in protecting this critical region was extraordinary.
Flashes of laughter and cheers would occasionally break through the grim mood as passing commuters and trucks responded noisily to signs reading "Honk If You Support the Unions."
Vincent and Theo Directed by Robert Altman; written by Julian Mitchell; edited by Francoise Coispeau and Geraldine Peroni; music by Gabriel Yared; production designer, Stephen Altman; produced by Ludi Boeken; released by Hemdale Film Coporation.
''The Baseball Book 1990,'' the beginning of a new series, contains almost none of his trademark charts, graphs and rankings; those who have insisted all along that his greatest gift is his style will be glad to learn that, at last, he is showing his stuff not as a statistician but as a writer.
Rabbi Israel Miller, the bridegroom's great uncle, performed the ceremony at Town and Campus Caterers in West Orange, N.J. Mrs. Miller is to become an associate next month at the New York law firm of Dewey, Ballantine, Bushby, Palmer & Wood.
Reporters camped on the doorsteps of everybody who had ever known Marla Maples, the alleged ''other woman,'' a model and actress.
This could be a blessing in disguise.
Last summer, a Federal grand jury opened an investigation, but so far the Government has been unable to make its case.
Can other highly ranked championship contenders survive difficult challenges?
However, Chandler wanted to steal the play on the queenside for himself with 17 .
The research and development tax credit would rise to 30 percent from 20 percent.
Rethinking the Odds Is winning a lottery twice really such a long shot?
Moreover, the concept of counseling is not as alien as it once was.
If beachcombing and sunbathing aren't enough, the lighthouse can be climbed or bikes ridden on roads that weave through the maritime forest.
More than a century ago, Reform Judaism rejected laws on keeping kosher and on menstrual purity that are spelled out in the Bible.
Georges Semerdjian of the daily newspaper An Nahar was fatally wounded 10 days ago.
But as the regional economy has soured, Mr. Bacot said he would prefer to look further afield for his next acquisition.
The layoff of temporary census workers was no longer a significant factor in the figures as it has been for much of the year.
Now, the 6-10 junior is learning to play power forward, a position that has become almost interchangeable with center, but one that also calls for the dexterity associated with a small forward.
Mr. Slovo, whose family emigrated from Lithuania to South Africa when he was a child, grew up to practice law in Johannesburg before going into exile in 1963.
The Semiconductor Industry Association, based in San Jose, Calif., said worldwide chip sales are projected to reach $49.5 billion in 1990, up just 1 percent, from $48.8 billion in 1989.
Exxon said yesterday that it would do whatever was necessary to clean the marshes and preserve the nesting areas.
But serving as salable images, personifications of the abstract art of music, is not least among them.
One model is fashioned entirely of mirrors with a Lucite grill.
Over the next century and a half, the fort became a reception hall, a theater, an opera house, an immigration ''holding pen'' and an aquarium.
In contrast, most funds have declined.
Chip Gerhardt, an assistant to Mr. Ney, insisted that the law required the county to give up jurisdiction to the municipal authorities.
None of the three have been recovered.
Some Signal of Change Sought Senator Lloyd Bentsen, the Texas Democrat whose Finance Committee has jursidiction over trade matters, said that while the Senate resolution on Lithuania was not binding, the 73 senators who voted for it would need some signal by Moscow that policy had changed to justify backing away from it.
Only Steve Katz, who is an executive for the Connecticut-based folk label Green Linnet Records, still lives on the East Coast.
Dick Talleur's ''The Versatile Fly Tyer'' (Lyons & Burford, $34.95) establishes the author even more firmly as one of this country's most accomplished and innovative fly tiers.
Most diseases today are diagnosed and treated without regard to biological rhythms.
Meanwhile, the regulators kept finding more bad loans and by Dec. 21 laid down the law: Mr. Connolly, said to be in an ''absolute state of shock,'' would have to go.
This morning, Israeli forces patrolling Israel's self-declared ''security zone'' in southern Lebanon shot and killed two well-armed guerrillas who, the army said, were trying to cross into Israel.
A rise in excise taxes for all types of alcohol and for cigarettes are widely expected to be included in the Administration's and Democrats' proposals.
's president, Owen Bieber, are sensitive to pressures from union political opponents and laid-off G.M.
Sentenced to Life in Prison ''During my lifetime, I have dedicated myself to this struggle of the African people.
''I saw a lot of blood,'' he said, ''and her feet were about four feet from the doorway.
''If Yugoslavia is to exist, it can exist only as an alliance, a confederation of independent states,'' Mr. Tudjman said, glancing away from the news broadcast.
On Oct. 12, the company tested 12 inflators that had been assembled at higher-than-average torque readings, and three of those units failed, Mr. Gianino said, pinpointing the threaded joints as the problem.
Last month, when the Canadian-born Laurie Boschman of the Winnipeg Jets put his stick to the face of the Finnish-born Tomas Sandstrom of the Los Angeles Kings, who also played in Sweden, Cherry expressed approval, even though league authorities suspended Boschman for eight games.
This was a major issue in Hungary's recent elections, and many Poles fear that West Germany will buy up all the best Polish businesses.
So did six other players, bringing to 58 the number of players who have declared themselves free agents.
had also depleted its cash reserves and was no longer in the strong position that it had been earlier this year.
Here, more than in any of the other three operas, one feels that the composer has made a complete, ingenious and fully satisfying statement within the limits set by the festival's commissioners.
When he finished play three holes ahead of Huston, he was seven-under 210, a shot behind the leaders.
This is where the exhibition picks him up.
Mr. Bates and Mr. Bosco held out hopes that absentee ballots, still to be counted, might save their seats.
The fact the recommendation is coming from George, who has the largest vote, I would assume it will be carried.''
The first man turned to his colleague and said: ''This is a very nice view.''
Given the buoyant state of the National Gallery today, it may seem surprising that just recently it was beset by controversy.
''Putting Out'' aspires to be a satire on New York life, an excoriation of modern mores in the tradition of Evelyn Waugh and Tom Wolfe.
In a cordial and, at times, comicalnews conference in Town Hall, Mr. Weicker, who has lived in Greenwich since the late 1950's, said he would leave the Republican Party today and reregister in A Connecticut Party, which he founded this year as a vehicle for what he considered an independent, nonpartisan campaign.
Lakers 102 SuperSonics 101 SEATTLE (AP) - Magic Johnson's running one-hander from 17 feet with eight-tenths of a second left gave Los Angeles the victory, clinching the homecourt advantage for the Lakers throughout the playoffs.
Police officers say the problems of recruitment stem from more than just the low salary.
Mayor Dinkins could have taken action against Roseland, the dance hall where Mr. Watkins's killers were headed.
Col. Luis del Cid, a close associate of General Noriega's and also indicted in the case, in exchange for his testimony against the fallen dictator.
But that is not what kept supporters from breaking a filibuster last week in the Senate, says Richard Cloward, the executive director of Humanserve, a group that lobbies against barriers to voting.
Healthy riparian areas also hold water in stream banks, which helps keep the water table high and stream flow stable.
The Government study on Agent Orange was being conducted by by the Federal Centers for Disease Control as a result of Congressional action in December 1979 ordering a health study of Vietnam veterans exposed to Agent Orange.
Also, only 33 percent had depression at the time they came down with chronic fatigue syndrome.
Take those glossy folders resembling big baseball cards that Joe Funkhouser lugged from Iowa.
''There's a paradox,'' points out Graef S. Crystal, an adjunct professor of business administration at the University of California at Berkeley.
''It can get pretty boring,'' said Yuri Tamai, a student from Yokohama whose parents work in western Germany.
To the Editor: The group of deeply unhappy people described in your July 21 About New York column on the Glad Tidings Tabernacle may perhaps be described as a legitimate religious sect.
Under price-cap regulations introduced last year, A.T.& T. has considerable freedom to raise or lower the prices of individual services provided its average prices for large groups of services do not exceed certain limits.
Two and a half weeks later, Miss Steichen died of cancer.
Really Quick, an In Reality-Beautiful Prospect filly owned by Carl Icahn, ran the six furlongs in 1:11.45 under Angel Cordero Jr. Jolley also trains Meadow Star, the divisional leader.
Grand Canyon's injury makes Rhythm the new, though tepid, favorite for the Derby, and heightens the importance of the Hutcheson Stakes on Saturday at Gulfstream Park, in which Rhythm will make his first start as a 3-year-old.
winning among certain groups,'' said Jordan Levipin, a pollster with Toronto-based Environics Research Group Ltd. ''The most important thing is that their support was distributed widely across the province.''
''I'm white, but I have great interest in the art of the Middle East and a lot of sensitivity to minority students.
"We got about three hours' sleep last night," said Bill Fitch, the Nets' coach.
And the Reds are rolling to the National League West title.
Third: Install a signal that indicates that the roll of film inside the camera has been rewound.
Four of his seven patients improved, three of them dramatically, and all got worse when the treatment was halted.
Bake 15 minutes more until light brown.
For reservations, call 965-1679 or 969-5786.
Members of Congress are also criticizing the White House for what they see as a lack of seriousness about the bailout.
When the synthesizers drop agitated rhythm backing for interludes of yearning or dreamlike sounds, the quest for yage bogs down badly.
Thus the museum's works by Kasimir Malevich, the artist who was a major influence on Russian avant-garde architecture, as well as the museum's exquisite model for Le Corbusier's proposed Palace of the Soviets, are conspicuously absent from this exhibition, even though they would have broadened its scope and deepened its meaning considerably.
''We've achieved a level of respect,'' Mr. Melamed said.
Enrico Caruso Jr. was 17 and his brother, Rudolfo, was 23 when their father, the renowned operatic tenor, died in 1921.
Yes, you can drive in Europe for up to a year with American plates, but you must have an oval-shaped sticker (international distinguishing sign) affixed to the rear exterior of your car.
THIS GOES IN LAST TWO COLUMNS, WITH PHOTO READING IN AND UNEVENTS UNDERNEATH.
My daughter's wages have steadily decreased over the years.
The result was that the grass could produce only clonal shoots, each of the offspring genetically identical to its forebears and thus vulnerable to fungal infestation.
He allowed three runs on six hits in six and two-thirds innings and won for the first time in seven starts against the Twins since July 28, 1985.
In advertising, the names on the door are often not the names behind the door.
In a new postscript to YEN!
Jack, a compulsive mischief-maker, revels in the shock and dismay, the fury, of Wynton Lane's current residents.
Road Trip Is Blessing ''The mood was such that we were looking forward to coming on the road,'' said Dave Righetti, the relief pitcher.
Sumptuous fabric -- brocade, lame, chiffon, satin, silk -- is guided around each bent arm and leg so that it drapes naturally, and tiny hands clasp tiny objects or each other.
Though inescapably redolent of slasher films, this is perhaps not inappropriate for the subject.
All this has to be resolutely changed, so as to achieve a considerable improvement of the people's living standard not in the distant but in the immediate future.
* Nitrogen oxide emissions would be cut by 2 million to 4 million tons annually by requiring utilities to meet the first specific limits on the pollutant ever approved by Congress; first limits would go into effect 18 months after bill is approved with additional limits to be established in 1997.
Many defense lawyers, including those who defend clients on drug charges, used to be on the other side of such cases as prosecutors.
Leo Mehl, Goodyear's director of worldwide racing, said the faster teams outsmarted themselves.
But she said that by spring, home buying is likely to rise, and the stock prices of the leading public companies will take off.
Nor was Bill Lee himself immune from the fiscal gravity of jazz.
Mr. Serrano lost bids to become Bronx Borough President in 1981 and 1987.
Steinberg, then New England's director of player development, drafted Matich as the Patriots' first draft choice of 1985.
They were fortunate because Patrick Ewing had only 9 points after three quarters.
The board rebuffed for lack of financing the United Airline unions' third buyout bid, a $160-a-share offer.
The NCR Corporation, once the National Cash Register Company, quietly became the nation's fifth-largest computer maker by producing minicomputers and personal computers mostly for the banking and retailing market, automated teller machines for banks and electronic cash registers for supermarkets and other stores.
In fact, it was so openly and deliberately celebrated, with the messages of Catholic bishops and Orthodox patriarchs so prominently projected onto front pages and in television broadcasts that even adherents looked for a hidden meaning.
Merrill swooped up 36 employees laid off in Pandick's Dallas office on a Friday and reopened the branch under the Merrill name on Monday morning.
Now, however, I am quite prepared to say I'm mad as hell, not simply 'We're exceedingly distressed.'
On the senior tour courses, which are generally about 500 yards shorter over 18 holes than those on the regular tour, he is commonly reaching par-5's in two shots.
The United States has strongly opposed such a deal, and Mr. Primakov today ruled out any arrangement with Mr. Hussein that would reward the Iraqi leader for pulling out of Kuwait.
He discovered the freak, with a splash of blue rising from the upper-right corner of the flag, in a booklet of 12 stamps, and says he is saving it to use on a appropriate letter.
Up at the castle, the truth, at last, can be told.
''But the risks were simply dwarfed by the enormity of the situation.
Mr. Glauber did not address the policy at today's banking committee hearing.
Information The local tourist board, the Azienda Autonoma di Soggiorno, has an office at 41 Via Rossini (63690), and other offices during the summer in the railroad station and, near the sea, at Piazzale della Liberta (69341).
Strawberry said: ''The winning streak is O.K., but it means a lot more to us to be moving onto first place.
''I can tell you he was a nice guy,'' a neighbor, Jose Silva, said.
Newmont Mining fell 3 3/8, to 44 1/2, after Consolidated Gold Fields, which owns 49 percent, said it would sell some of Newmont's stock.
His success appeared to inspire several other statesmen, who have since descended upon the Iraqi capital to meet with Mr. Hussein.
He is also a grandson of the late Dr. Jacob L. Weinstock of New York, a urologist, surgeon and playwright who received a Pulitzer Prize and a Tony Award for the musical ''How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying.''
Doubt on Arms Issues After Mr. Baker's three-hour talk in Bonn on Friday with the Soviet Foreign Minister, Eduard A. Shevardnadze, American officials were still in doubt about whether the Kremlin would be able to overcome the obstacles in the way of a strategic arms limitation treaty and a conventional arms limitation treaty.
"It kills me to think I am gone from Judy and the kids 25 weeks a year," said Levi, scooping up his only son, 2-year-old Brian, who was wielding his foot-long 3-iron amid his father's trophies.
Each of the runs was set up by a Cary mistake.
Judges in high-profile cases routinely sequester jurors to avoid the possibility that their verdict might be challenged because of exposure to news reports or to outsiders who might influence their judgment.
After seven years of writing and one change of publisher, it was issued by Charles Scribner's Sons in May with a very small first printing - 5,000 copies - and extremely modest hopes.
A mother feeds cakes and eggs to a baby wearing pants slit open at the seam in the time-honored, practical Chinese fashion.
Taped before a crowd of 150,000 on Potsdamer Platz, the performance was produced by Roger Waters, a founder of the rock group Pink Floyd, and also features Van Morrison and the Band, Sinead O'Connor, Joni Mitchell, Cyndi Lauper and Marianne Faithfull.
In the original story, as in real life, it takes time to adjust to the painful truth of disability, time to learn that even a fairy godmother cannot solve every problem, time to discover that there is work to be done by everyone, even those who seem the least able.
Until last weekend, Mr. Rinehart called the reports of his affair with Brenda Dodrill, the city's Director of Human Services, an "outhouse rumor."
Instead of thinking, is this the man or woman I can love, honor and cherish through sickness and health, through poverty and richness?
Bird, with far more playoff experience, is the better passer and rebounder.
Planes dropped leaflets over the peninsula on Tuesday announcing an indefinite curfew and warning more than 850,000 civilians to stay out of the line of fire, the officials said.
When some demonstrators shouted, ''Go back to Mexico, you pigs,'' others from across the road drowned them out with a chorus of: ''Go back to Europe.
And Dr. Thomas J. Ryan, chief of cardiology and professor of medicine at the Boston University School of Medicine, said: ''I really don't think there's a referral bias.
But the two agencies do not seem to agree on how their effort might contribute to solving the laughing-gull problem at Kennedy.
On May 2, under the heading ''Corrections and Amplifications,'' The Journal said, without mentioning Mr. Kandell by name, that his article ''should have mentioned the book and its author,'' but did not.
Tampa Bay Brewing Company (10330 North Dale Mabry Highway, Tampa; 813-264-6669).
Gaining some Republican support for cloture is critical for backers because 60 votes are needed to pass the motion, and there are 55 Democratic Senators.
More than 600,000 Sri Lankans have been made homeless since June when fighting between the Tigers and the Government resumed.
"The woman is doting on the man and she looks like she's getting her M.R.S.
Perhaps it was because of this very fact that I felt the burden of my loneliness more keenly, more consciously than in the last few months, when summer's light and warmth had eased the pain somewhat.
But sometimes I long for that other life, the one in which I am an intrinsic part of my neighborhood and my home.
''By this point, it was supposed to have been an issue for accountants and bureaucrats only,'' said Representative Charles E. Schumer, Democrat from Brooklyn.
Mr. Vick, who is 45 years old, refused to comment on the question of ownership.
6) and Brahms's Variations and Fugue on a Theme by Handel (Op.
The signing of Steve Farr as a free agent has given New York additional flexibility in the bullpen and Michael thinks there is a surplus of pitching.
HOW THE POLL WAS TAKEN The latest New York Times/ CBS News Poll is based on telephone interviews conducted Oct. 28-31 with 1,445 adults around the United States, excluding Alaska and Hawaii.
Mr. Skinner's statement has already drawn applause and derision.
We're surrounded by an array of color."
Concern has also grown over the Government's ability to fight a sharp increase in narcotics trafficking from neighboring Colombia through Panama's remote jungles and ragged coastline.
Letters should be addressed to The Editor, Sunday Sports Section, The New York Times, 229 West 43d Street, New York, N.Y. 10036.
The seats are firm, and they gang up with a very stiff suspension to make potholed pavement a serious trial.
There is no trace of the kind of sacred male-female union that is still very much present in Picasso.
Tarpley is a two-time violator of the National Basketball Association's anti-drug policy.
Among major evasions are fudged capital gains and unreported professional fees.
Based upon a policy of rehabilitation and giving companies a fresh start, the American system favors debtors more than any other system in the world.
Last May Mr. Gumucio took charge of overseeing the company's decision to spin off a competing company, Cray Computer, now being run by Cray's founder, Seymour R. Cray.
The three detectives were acquitted on the ground that they acted in self-defense.
Not a Challenge Technically A reduction of 10 million tons a year in sulfur dioxide emissions will require utilities to wash the coal before they burn it, install smokestack "scrubbers," or burn lower-sulfur coal from more distant mines, all steps that can be accomplished without much technical challenge.
"The others arranged their contracts through proper channels.
''We didn't ransack the earth to get anything unusual.''
In my 40's I worried about other people's lives.''
In a worst-case scenario, Tyson could be frozen out of a title shot until 1992.
"Connally never called me; Wyatt never called me," said the embassy official, who did not want to be identified.
Technically he is the Police Department's liaison agent to the black community.
Both are well-liked players' coaches.
There were practically no cars in Paris.
The project opened in November and 25 apartments have been rented.
Fast Cooks assume that guests are wowed by a frenetic flurry of last-minute cooking, preferably in an open kitchen.
These criticisms are by the way.
Despite frequent warnings by FIFA, the world governing body of soccer, that rough play would not be tolerated, the Cameroonians used tactics clearly designed to bother Maradona and took their chances with Michel Vautrot of Belgium, the referee.
B1 Bystander is killed in Brooklyn shooting B5 Business Digest D1 The Home Section Curvy Baroque in a modern mode C1 Help for families, but slowly C1 Bringing landfills back to life C1 Parent & Child C8 The couple that lives in a shoe C12 Arts/Entertainment Bastille Opera to open Saturday C15 The Getty may buy ''Irises'' C18 Theater: ''Prelude to a Kiss'' C15 Music: Met announces new season C19 Dance: Cunningham premiere C15 Word and Image: A Soviet maverick's tale C21 A celebration of Ireland C22 Sports Basketball: Calhoun ''a basketball guy'' B9 Tubbs has Sooners on the run B9 Column: Anderson on baseball B9 Football: N.F.L.
West ruffed, but was unsure what to do next because Cohen had jammed the opponents' signals by playing the diamond five.
For Mr. Barry to make that connection would be an acknowledgment of the seriousness of the evidence against him, after repeated protestations of innocence.
Ms. Hickman created them herself.
Toyota engineers have put the engine under the driver's seat, near Previa's center.
A man like Curt Flood and Andy Messersmith, the sort who tries to change the world a little.
''We advertised the Plastic Works in the national editions of The Wall Street Journal and The New York Times and got inquiries from all over the country,'' Mr. Elbe said.
Mr. Firkusny's last performance in Prague had been in 1946, when he and Mr. Kubelik collaborated in the Dvorak Piano Concerto in the first ''Prague Spring'' festival.
News yesterday that Britain was moving to join the European Monetary System caused the yield on London's 10-year long ''gilts'' to drop 40 basis points, or hundredths of a percentage point, to 11.25 percent.
Mr. Marquis's cockroach was more than the natural issue of a creative and humorous mind.
One of her assignments was to consolidate the department with a variety of other city agencies into a new Department of Consumer and Regulatory Affairs.
This assimilation factor makes Odessa one of the less-threatening places for Jews to reside in the Soviet Union, residents say, even if they are more anxious lately about the pogrom rumors heard as well in Leningrad and Moscow.
''You'll get it the next time,'' they say to the teammate who couldn't catch the ball if it was handed to him.
Yet the island was animated for generations by great human beings who set a standard of intellectual courtesy and a level of disinterested research that left a lifelong impression on the privileged visitor.
"The notion came from a remark by the film maker Jean Renoir," says Salter. "
The power failure was less disruptive than it might have been because the trading day for bonds, stocks, foreign currency and futures was already turning out to be relatively calm and light in comparison with other days since the Iraq invasion of Kuwait two weeks ago.
I'm not saying that facetiously.''
Mr. Killorin said that a complete laboratory analysis would take additional time.
The Japanese bankers said that the foreign banks' business would be restricted and that they could not conduct transactions in local currency.
By the end of the year production is expected to reach an annual rate of about 160 million pounds of dry pasta in 25 cuts, from the finest angel hair and tiny orzo to thick twists of fusilli and broad ribbons of lasagne.
Now you have to get up early to hear and see him, too.
''If I try a method of care I think is working,'' he said, ''I will stick with that.
PHM is the parent of Pulte Homes of Bloomfield Hills, Mich., which was founded by William J. Pulte.
Miss Dern, whose father is the actor Bruce Dern, called her mother's presence in ''Wild at Heart'' an amazing experience.
In the interim, there may be no practical alternative to negotiating shared command of the armed forces.
Dubedat, the catalyst for the doctorly disdain, is, in Graham Winton's portrayal, not only a rogue, he is unappealing and lacking in the required cleverness.
The act simply insures that working Americans who must take short, unpaid leaves - because of the birth of a child, the serious illness of an immediate family member or their own serious illness - will be able to return to their jobs.
Sears and Coca-Cola are among the companies that pay a fee or a percentage of sales to environmental groups whose names they can then use in promotions and advertising.
Fifty minutes of rolling around a real floor would hardly be theatrical fare.
The prospective bride graduated from Boston College and studied history at the Sorbonne in Paris.
That history lent an extra poignancy to Mr. Moyers's movement from one rendition of the hymn to another, from the strong, clear version by the family of the folksinger Jean Ritchie in Kentucky to the breathtaking one by the gospel singer Marion Williams, who joyously stretched and bent notes, breaking syllables and bouncing phrases back and forth with the chorus of a Philadelphia church.
Memphis, the nearest big city, was 40 miles distant, another way of life.
Algae may remain low in southern oceans, he said, because light levels are low and because tiny marine animals constantly graze on all available algae.
"First of all, we got more out of Nicole than ever before.
For example, we get water from the Water Bureau, and I'm more flexible.
But party officials and state legislators say the initial sketchy outlines that have begun to emerge of Mr. Weicker's appointed team indicate a far less adventurous direction so far than the lofty promises of the campaign might have suggested.
Polypropylene and polyethylene prices rose as much as 20 percent in recent weeks and could obviously go higher.
If Harrelson wants Tom Herr to bat second, someone -- Gregg Jefferies, Dave Magadan or Brooks -- would have to bat seventh.
c-Net income d-Included a gain on sale of engineering and project managment segment of $1,089,000, or 33 cents a share, for the quarter and the year included income of $1,805,000, or 54 cents a share, from a settlement of litigation filed against former subsidiary, Gulf Interstate Engineering Co., disposed of in 1988 for the year.
Travel about a mile on New Providence, then take a right on Ackerman Avenue.
But after several hours of campaigning at O'Hare Airport on Wednesday, Lydia, who is 12 years old, and her mother, Mary, said they managed to persuade just 13 people to stop and scribble a greeting.
The nice extra is that the hedge against a further decline in the dollar, which would reduce the value of the investment, actually adds to the profit.
"It was another charade on the part of The News and a pure sign that they don't want to reach agreement."
Several writers say the state ought to lower taxes.
* Staff Builders Inc., Lake Success, L.I., providers of office and health-care personnel services, appointed Sharon Hamilton senior vice president of its health-care division.
''Oh, did you see the windows of Barneys?''
Officers forced their way into the house and found her dead on the kitchen floor.
Miss Redgrave has a history of mixing her roles with her political and social activism, and the part of Miss Amelia in ''Ballad'' conforms to that in most respects.
This is Loyal Garner Jr.'s last chance.''
It can be reached at (212) 947-3444.
I have no reason to doubt that you are doing what you reasonably can upon the same subject.
And instead of giving children small secondary bedrooms, people want the kids to have larger rooms of their own.''
The finance ministers and central bankers issued a communique after their meeting expressing concern about the fall of the yen and said they had agreed to ''keep these developments under review.''
Seven states have enacted laws against fetal cell implants.
AS it grows, Safety-Kleen is also seeking more business from bigger waste generators, an effort that has led it to develop a separate sales staff for national accounts.
Since rising at an average annual rate of 12.7 percent between 1976 and 1985, the growth rate has steadily declined.
Later in the day, he planned to pick up a blind cat, a gift he professed to greatly prize.
The large, rambling building is in a style that might be described as Los Angeles Chalet; inside it seems a perfectly ordinary old-fashioned restaurant, with a shadowy interior lighted by lamps even in the daytime, carpeted floors, imitation-leather booths and stained-glass windows.
The young man nods, says thank you for the sandwich and the hot chocolate was just fine.
Credit cards: All major cards.
We come early to the ball park to catch batting practice, and that same voice, still more black-eyed peas than bagels, resounds from gigantic speakers, hardly necessary in this case.
I bring my agenda with me and I'm on the phone the whole time.
Such an illusion is ultimately corrosive, for the reverberations of injustice are not so easily confined.
But the authors also found other ways in which developers are being drawn into the effort to expand day-care options.
By Soviet standards, Balderis's play was somewhat undisciplined, and he was a challenge to his coaches.
For bicyclists who become stiff and sore from riding, Nathaniel Calvert of Rochester, Minn., obtained a patent this week for liquid-cushioned seat covers, bicycling pants and gloves.
Dyslexia afflicts 10 to 15 percent of the population.
''We welcome a new era of openness,'' said B. Philip Warner, general manager of the plant for EG&G.
chairman was an invitation to trouble at a time when the Bush Administration's Middle East policy is already under fire from pro-Israel groups.
Mr. Wallis, a mechanical engineer, said he expects 30 to 35 skiers each week.
Among those in the audience were the newly elected mayor of Yonkers, Henry Spallone, who campaigned on a pledge to continue the city's resistance to a Federal desegregation order requiring it to build the housing.
After Mr. Osterhoff's announcement, Barry Willman, a market analyst who follows Digital for Sanford C. Bernstein & Company, cut his earnings estimate to $1.25 a share for the fourth quarter ended in June.
Both defendants are employed by Metropolitan News Company, a newspaper wholesale distributor located in Long Island City, Queens.
''There is no example for a change of system from a centrally planned economy to a decentralized market economy, and any prognosis about the development of production and employment is therefore pure speculation,'' he said.
In the first half of his performance, Mr. Moss is to sing along with cymbals and a snare drum.
Even the music critic of The Star, Pieter Smit, joined the chorus last week, while commenting on the cricket tour and attempts to lure major international musicians to South Africa.
The new boxes bring the number of luxury suites at the speedway to 90.
Dollars evaporate fast these days in Berlin, swallowed by the gold fever of impending German reunification and the mark's might.
In other buildings, maintenance payments are rising sharply and special assessments are being levied to help cover the money lost through the disappearance of sponsor income, Mr. Mehlman said.
A recent Brookings Institution study proposed a deregulated free market in which any school would rise or fall on its own individual merits.
They may look paunchy and incapable of marching in step, much less toppling the Government, but virtually all served in the ranks of the South African Defense Force - military service is compulsory for white males - or the South African Police, and some are still on active duty.
Mr. Parenti replied that the cliff's concave face protects the excavated area from direct rainfall, that runoff flows through two water chutes flanking the site and that nearby sample trenches show no evidence of floods in the area in the last 50,000 years.
When, in the Communist-hunting spirit of the times, she was fired from a job soliciting classified advertisements for a San Francisco newspaper, she turned to writing.
Prosecutors described him as the head of a drug-selling network that netted up to $2 million a week in the capital.
A few offer generalized, uplifting sentiments about social problems.
''Fulcher was in the right corner of the end zone and we tried to run a reverse to the left.''
Mr. Bush seemed to have won a victory on environmental policy.
Seijas programs his terminal to give him various bits of helpful data: selected stocks, bond prices, news headlines.
Like the others, Mr. Abdiu entered the Czechoslovak Embassy with nothing more than the clothes on his back.
''At the time the price was just too high,'' said Susannah Elliott, the director of the mansion at 1765 Jumel Terrace and 160th Street, which is owned by the New York City Department of Parks and Recreation.
''I couldn't have predicted what happened, but I think it was probably the right answer under the current circumstances,'' John L. Kreischer, the committee's chairman, said in an interview shortly after the meeting concluded in Seattle.
The entire market cannot be eliminated, he believes, because of Washington's marked preference for deregulation.
John Mefford, a former Carson-Newman defensive tackle, has given up on his pro football dreams.
Inspectors from the Centers for Disease Control are continuing to check the three large primate importers that were shut down last month, as well as other importers.
''But the guys we put on the line made their free throws.
The Mitsui Bank, which started a modestly successful mergers and acquisition team in New York four years ago, announced yesterday that it had formed a relationship with the Carlyle Group, a Washington-based merchant banking firm.
Its Kraft General Foods has brands like Jell-O, Maxwell House coffee and Oscar Mayer meats.
The Zoppes are probably best known for the Flying Wallendas high-wire team, but the company will also bring Russian aerialists, Canadian gymnasts, Italian equestrians and performing animals like Tasayo the elephant and Shabu the vanishing leopard.
In 1987 he aggressively sought the post of Chancellor of New York City's public schools, and the day after his contract was terminated last week he turned up in Miami for a scheduled interview for the job of heading the Dade County schools.
You might just as well give it to Adolf Hitler, frankly.''
MacLean drew three minor penalties.
During the last week, the final option -- closing the paper -- is being perceived as more likely than ever, largely because advertiser defections have made carrying on so expensive and because the other options seem fraught with problems.
During his therapy, Mr. Gaines spoke with a career counselor and identified possible choices, "from running a boat yard to becoming involved with venture capital," he said.
Dave Henderson hit a home run in the first inning off Jimmy Key (6-5), who allowed six hits and three runs in seven innings.
Employment in the chemical industry posted a small gain this year, with an average 1.08 million jobs, up slightly from 1.07 million last year.
The lawyers did not say whether Mr. Mandela would leave after the rally for the small brick house in Soweto he last saw in 1961.
Iraqi Warning on Pipelines Iraq has warned Turkey and Saudi Arabia against shutting down the pipelines, and Administration officials say these threats have proved effective so far.
Mr. Masur says he will stay in Leipzig at least through its 250th anniversary season in 1993-94, and then hints he will pass the baton to a younger man.
Mr. Seidel writes in a commanding voice.
In the pamphlet, and in the museum, King Nebuchadnezzar is celebrated for his dual roles as a civilian and military ruler, for his recovery of lost lands, and for his passion for great buildings.
The demonstration was the first of many planned during the five-day conference by the AIDS protest group, which is known for noisy street actions directed at government and the pharmaceutical industry.
''Nonresponses to other census surveys went up in a striking way during the Watergate period and in the late 1970's and early 1980's.''
A well-told account of the decline and fall of the New York Yankees at the hands of the team's principal owner.
That orientation is owed to the hooded and filtered light, the ankle-high sofas, the sight and the sound of water on the move.
The rich cultural diversity of this republic of islands is represented in its shadow puppets, sculpture, dance masks, musical instruments, textiles and jewelry.
She said selling accelerated when the heavily traded December contract hit $1.23 a pound, 4.75 cents below Monday's settlement.
Even as he buries his nose in a newspaper and keeps his mind on himself, Mr. Whitmore remains a foxy pretender, while Miss Lindley seasons her sweetness with a playful humor.
It remains unclear whether Zenith's system will win, but it is likely that the winning system will at least be a variant of it.
Mr. Owens has raised funds from sponsors and recruited a core team - the number of members is a secret - but he is inviting applications from 12 experienced hikers.
He knows that people in motion are the best special effects, and for much of the show, there were at least two dozen performers on stage: a band, a male vocal-harmony group, female backup singers and a squad of dancers.
In some ways, he is also an anachronism.
Okamoto was here for the tournament anyway, providing commentary for a Japanese television network.
The themes of these business stories are familiar on both sides of the Pacific.
But the law says job applicants have at least three weeks to provide documentation.
The dancer, Anita Bodrogi, moved through the work at a deliberate pace, often calling Jules Feiffer cartoons to mind.
There is also a greatly increased risk of miscarriage and premature birth.
The question of how much of a role Congress should play in the use of combat troops abroad has vexed policymakers since the founding of the nation.
Then he hit an 0-and-2 pitch to left-center and the day was essentially over.
The program is geared to, but not restricted to, older workers.
rose at an annual rate of 2.1 percent in the first quarter of 1990, up from an increase of 1.1 percent in the last three months of 1989.
None go as far as Mr. Cederquist's ''Mexican Maddness,'' a four-drawer chest.
Greg (Boo) Harvey, who was the hero for St. John's against Georgetown on Wednesday night when he hit a game-winning 3-point shot in the final seconds, finally got the Redmen on the scoreboard with a jump shot from the right side, making the score 6-2.
Under the compromise plan, 683 fewer officers would be deployed, generally 6 to 10 fewer per precinct.
''It's like tuning the body by exercising it every day.''
Dehere will have plenty to talk about if anyone bothers to bring up the subject.
You have to sell your shares in the fund and then use the proceeds to open the I.R.A.
''Those rims in the Palace,'' said Phil Jackson, the Bulls' coach, ''definitely have more give than other rims.
''You would be lucky to get one with 15 percent down any more, because their default rate is higher than on fixed rates, and in these days of declining real estate values and rising interest rates, the banks are insisting that you put in more equity.''
Robert Ogden, the Earl's Sussex County neighbor for whom this community is named, bought the mine tract in 1765.
In the read- and sing-along videos, which include vocabulary lessons, the narrator's words also appear on-screen with the illustration they describe.
She was out of town.
Offended the Powerful After a long period of tension with the conservative hierarchy of the country's Catholic Church that began when he played an important role in the popular movement that forced the dictator Jean-Claude Duvalier into exile in 1986, Father Aristide was expelled from the Salesian order, and removed from the largely poor congregation he says was composed of "market women and cart haulers, cobblers and seamstresses."
The film's title, equally chilling, comes from a government official's frightening remark that ample use of the newly instituted capital punishment will make Palermo a place whose citizens will never need to lock their doors.
We used the syrup for the punch.
The performance will be preceded by a memorial service at 7 P.M. at St. Peter's Church (Lexington Avenue at 54th Street).
He emphasized news shows and made sure his network served the public interest -- in large part to keep his burgeoning broadcast empire out of Government hands and away from strict regulation.
Mr. Arpino's duties would have included rehearsal and the overall supervision of productions of Arpino and Joffrey ballets, fund-raising, and advising company administrators as requested.
Support is growing, they said, for a more modest plan by Senator Sam Nunn, chairman of the Armed Services Committee, for cuts of less than $10 billion.
"It's fascinating and it makes physiologic sense," said Dr. Henry Buchwald, a heart disease researcher and professor of surgery at the University of Minnesota.
Analysts have said that the prediction of a $2 billion drop in the fund means the Government will spend $6 billion on failures this year.
In either case, peeling is almost always a likely problem.
''It used to be that TV was TV and movies were movies, and people who did movies looked disparagingly upon TV,'' says Richard Gurman, co-executive producer of the ''Uncle Buck'' series.
A recent issue of El Colombiano buried at the bottom of page 2 a four-paragraph item noting that another police officer had been killed and that 50 pounds of dynamite found in a city taxi had been deactivated.
I can now see Picasso, he's cycling down very hard towards the roundabout, he's about 75-50 yards away and I can now see his painting .
Add the third egg and remaining flour and mix well, adding a pinch of salt.
At that time, many lawmakers said it was premature to ease the pressure on Japan before the final report had been completed.
Just beyond Land's End, where the waves are churned into white froth on black boulders, the trail ends.
He learned that not only could he live through immense public second-guessing, but that he could also admit out loud that maybe he hadn't been perfect, after all.
Dr. Reynolds, taking note of those efforts, said that not enough students were prepared for college and that improving CUNY's retention rate would be a major concern for her.
''We can wear African clothes and we can fit in until we open our mouths.
His account winds confusingly through time, switching back and forth like an Amazon tributary.
As with the arts of Java, Bali, Thailand and India, Cambodian classical dance is regarded as both esthetic expression and a philosophical form that embodies and transmits social ideals.
One must lament the author's decision not to provide us with source notes.
It was Attorney General Dick Thornburgh and Mr. Gray, Mr. Bush's counsel, who ''brought David's name out of the pack'' of 20 or more names with which the Administration began 18 months ago, Mr. Sununu said.
The Pentagon and the General Accounting Office, the investigative arm of Congress, had begun separate inqiries after six competitors of the International Business Machines Corporation complained in 1988 that they had been frozen out of the Navy's multibillion-dollar computer programs.
"I have done pretty well out of being Mrs.
Citing safety, noise and environmental problems, New Hampshire and Massachusetts have banned scooters on lakes smaller than 75 acres.
" In the process, Piniella outmanaged Tony La Russa, who was his American Legion and Colt League teammate when they were teen-agers growing up in Tampa, Fla., where they lived about three miles apart.
He particularly remembers the day that 15,000 people gathered in Mafraq.
''In the final analysis, Congress will make the decision,'' Mr. Cheney told the subcommittee.
We ended up with enough suggestions to take us through the end of the century.''
Roland Amstutz The Housekeeper .
It was unclear where Hilary was for the 20 months after leaving Beechfield in June 1988.
Sex, in fact, appears to be the main preoccupation of the three men and three women at Mr. Machado's retreat, and the gender of partners is of small concern.
His group supports abortion rights, he said, "but if we were to form a coalition to deal with unintended pregnancy, we would probably not chose, first off, Planned Parenthood."
A spokesman for the Resolution Trust Corporation said any new appropriation would be used primarily to begin the process of resolving the plight of 18 institutions with assets of more than $30 billion.
While it is true that the American work force needs direct experience in designing and fabricating leading-edge technologies if we are going to be able to share in their future growth, these need not be exactly the same technologies pioneered by the Japanese or any other nation's work force.
She creates two types, both reversible: the heavy version with a linen warp and a braided border that costs $20 a square foot and a lighter one with a cotton warp and a woven hem, at $18 a square foot.
As he spoke, the moving crew packed a Bible dated 1788 and chairs that slaves crafted from the wood of trees felled nearby.
In 1968, its colonels engineered a coup d'etat that placed one military leader or another in control for the next 21 years.
guidelines on free elections to help show the way and protect the emerging democratic institutions of Eastern Europe.
"Those were not insubstantial prices at the time," said Carroll Janis, director of the Janis Gallery.
Today, vintage and antique glass, ceramic and early plastic strands, and more recent interpretations, are among Africa's most popular exports to the United States.
''More women are leaving jobs than men,'' Mrs. Oliver said, deploring a waste of their training.
Unlike Europe, he said, Iraq could not afford a freewheeling democratic exercise; ''reactionary forces,'' he said, might drag the nation back into religious fundamentalism.
- Gregory Shaw, a Trinidadian spokesman.
Warner Brothers is guaranteeing a $650 million loan to Pathe in return for distribution rights to the extensive MGM/UA film library, which includes such classics as the James Bond series, the Pink Panther movies and ''One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest.''
After almost three quarters of sluggish play that Coach Bill Fitch felt the need to apologize for, New Jersey busted out for a season-high 41 points in the last quarter and cruised to a 118-105 victory over the Clippers at Byrne Meadowlands Arena.
He led the firm through Wall Street's boom in the 1980's while avoiding the industry's recent bust.
That is how Zubin Mehta and the New York Philharmonic presented it on Thursday evening at Avery Fisher Hall, as the second half of a program that included Brahms's ''Alto Rhapsody'' and Variations on a Theme of Haydn.
This fall Oxford will publish ''The Oxford Book of English Detective Stories,'' an anthology with 33 stories by authors like Arthur Conan Doyle, G. K. Chesterton, Agatha Christie, Dorothy L. Sayres, Ngaio Marsh and P. D. James.
So far, more than 400 dead birds have been retrieved from the marshes, and environmentalists fear that the lives of thousands of migratory nesting birds will be in peril come spring.
Earlier this week, the New Jersey Casino Control Commission approved a loan package for Mr. Trump that provided him with $65 million in new loans.
Dr. Wallsh's clients included people in the fashion and theatrical industries.
In the same way, Archer sold the television rights to "Not a Penny More, Not a Penny Less" for $:1.
Greater Control Mr. Vanderslice got hooked on the sport in 1985.
He writes amazing arias for actors.''
Bruised and hogtied, he was taken to the Bellevue Hospital Center, where he died 13 days later.
(Arm Coverage Inc., Box 310, 120 Mineola Boulevard, Mineola, N.Y. 11501; 800-645-2424.)
Others tend to doubt that the words were ever spoken .
The 76ers were short-handed because Johnny Dawkins is out with a knee injury and Bob Thornton was traded to Minnesota earlier in the day.
"I think he actually puts more energy into that than into his writing.
The original ship, built in 1670, saw service in trade wars with the Dutch and survived into the early 1700's.
Communications Group, the 37-year-old Mr. Miller is a 90's-style Captain Video.
They said it contradicted suggestions made by Chancellor Helmut Kohl and other Government officials during East Germany's recent election campaign that East Germans would get greater protection of their savings.
''He was feeling pressure from home to score well,'' Barry Fritch, the principal, said.
''We welcome Israelis,'' Mr. Mathieson said.
As for the Knicks, there is little doubt they are playing better basketball than they were a week ago, particularly defensively.
Drinks average around $2 to $3.
We've played in snow and rain and wind, but this is tough weather.
A ''Roaratorio'' segment was striking: The dancers faced front as some undulated quietly with a hip leaning out and were caught by others.
During the Vietnam War, hundreds of thousands protested the senseless killing.
''The party was on the same day we got our National Magazine Award, and everyone was struck by the irony,'' said Diane Cardwell, a former 7 Days staff member who is now features editor of Egg magazine.
''It was not that sweet,'' he said.
They remember communal baths in galvanized tubs in the kitchen and shared toilets with the family down the hall.
Mr. Salisbury said that without his business acumen and outside financing, the company would fail.
If progress is made toward German reunification, if the conventional arms talks in Vienna are concluded later this year, and if the East Germans and the Czechs ''throw the bums out,'' Mr. Nunn said, ''then we face a complete rebuilding of the policy we've been following since 1945.''
A year later New York's Communist Councilman, Peter V. Cacchione and Nat Low of The Daily Worker petitioned Branch Rickey to lift ''the Hitlerlike ban on Negro players in order to bring the pennant back to Brooklyn.''
It appears to recruit what researchers call uncommitted bone marrow cells, which can evolve into a wide variety of white and red blood cells.
Pay television and the VCR finished off the deglamorization process.
Not everyone in the health care field agrees that the overall quality of medical treatment in America has suffered - yet.
Dr. Ellickson said seventh graders were chosen because their use of cigarettes and marijuana was still relatively low, and also because, at a seventh grader's point in life, pressures intensify and unchecked drug use more than doubles in the tenth grade.
Walker, it has been determined, is not a rookie.
John Gywnn, a reserve junior guard whose forte is shooting, added 13 points.
c-Net income and included an extraordinary tax credit of $175,000, or 2 cents a share.
''''Putting more people closer together obviously increases the risk of violence, either between inmates or between inmates and guards,'' Mr. Gangi said.
The parched land of KaNgwane is one of South Africa's poorest regions, but to the Mozambican refugees who cross the border fleeing war and hunger, it shimmers with the illusion of opportunity.
Long-term damage like persistent hoarseness or ruinous nodes in the throat can be the result.
New York, he said, is ''the best and worst of everything.
Speaking of color films, Kodak has made its ultra-high-quality Ektar 25 color-negative emulsion available in 120 size, which should give owners of Hasselblads and other medium-format cameras reason to get excited.
Mrs. Riley said the team was an integral part of her and her husband's life.
Since receiving approval from the Food and Drug Administration in 1987, Prozac has been a spectacular success story, its use now far outstripping any of the other 20 or so antidepressants commonly prescribed.
Arrested with them were four senior league leaders from Mandalay, accused of inciting protests.
''We're particularly geared to furnish old homes entirely,'' says Mr. Emerson, who in 1983 joined the family business that began in his parents' barn almost 30 years ago.
The Rent Guidelines Board should authorize an emergency rent increase, Mr. Fierstein said, not only because of the fuel emergency, but because the rent increases the board authorized last fall were considerably less than the 5 1/2 percent and 9 percent increases allowed on similar buildings in New York City.
Through all the considerable upheaval at Random House over the last year, one man's star has continued to rise, to the point where some say he has now become the power behind the throne at America's largest trade publishing company.
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., Adam Clayton Powell and Leroi Jones (Imamu Baraka) are hauntingly real.
Critics said he butchered diction and syntax and turned a 60-second commercial into a miniature comedy of errors that drove elocution teachers to distraction.
One recent day, for example, in headlines written in his own bluntly personal way, he noted that with the national currency improving slightly on exchange markets and interest rates down to 80 percent a month, the economic variables ''are getting better, but not the Government.''
The assets of the nation's 497 money market mutual funds increased by $3.57 billion, to $390.68 billion, for the week ended Wednesday, the Investment Company Institute said yesterday.
In the replay, Corporate America's West, Dreyfus, opened one no-trump, avoiding a rebid problem, and North-South arrived in a sensible spade part score.
The Sakhalin originals live in his compilation of hard, almost dry fact ennobled by empathy, a study of human punishment as the measure of humanity.
A1 The tattered Kuwaiti army regroups, learning how to fight against Iraqi invaders from a team of American special warfare advisers.
SAMMY CAHN , 77 ("Call Me Irresponsible"), and CY COLEMAN , 61 ("Hey Look Me Over"), were among those present.
We discipline them, and develop them socially.
Phasing Out Subsidies Father Kirke said that even before the economic plan, 80 percent of Villa el Salvador's residents were eating less than the minimum caloric intake set by the United Nations.
"Sometimes when I'm bathing Johnny and he gets ornery I think, 'God, give me the strength,' because it's hard now that I'm older, and my patience sometimes runs out," said Mrs. Covello.
The last, sad retrospective days of Simon Bolivar.
The Fifth Amendment does not apply within this type of ''noncriminal regulatory regime,'' the 7-to-2 opinion said, leaving for another day a decision on the rights of the more typical abuse suspect.
Wasn't this George Orwell's essential idea in ''1984''?
The lawyer portrayed his 19-year-old client as a neighborhood youth who was out of his element when it came to Ms. Feliciano's tough friends.
Hope remains that a majority in Congress, worried about the danger to the securities markets, may still be able to salvage a credible budget agreement, which would brace confidence at home and abroad, pave the way for lower interest rates and help curb recessionary forces.
A new regimen for weight loss.
As part of the reorganization announced on Friday, Carlos H. Cantu, 56, was named president and chief operating officer of the consumer and commercial services group.
Arab diplomats and OPEC officials said the situation was further complicated because Saudi Arabia, which has been a close ally of Kuwait, has complained in the last few months about Kuwait's oil policies.
''Most people don't really do mature work until then.
Right now, there is a good deal of give in the way nonprofit groups define their missions, and the tax has never generated more than a modest $137.5 million in revenues in any year.
Sitting hunched up as though in anticipation, they assume the posture and calm demeanour of patient listeners ready to participate in conversation.
''It just didn't happen as a team.
If Questers has an outstanding product, their brochure should communicate both the tangible and intangible items.
Leslie Ann Mills and Peter Clark Santos were married yesterday at the Presbyterian Church in Mount Kisco, N.Y., by the Rev.
In four years, Isadora will be dead.
"I probably will watch it for the first time around Christmas.
''They were really there for us,'' Mr. O'Leary said.
Spraying over most of the target zones will probably be completed by mid-June, said Dr. Siddiqui.
he asked the young boy.
But when a small European leech, Hirudo medicinalis, is attached, it sucks out an ounce or two of blood from the clogged vessels.
Farmers prefer to plant hybrid seed, which produces higher-yielding crops, rather than seed derived from self or random pollination.
But now that fewer jobs are being created, demand has slackened throughout the region and brokers say prices have flattened or, in some instances, dropped as much as 30 percent.
b-Reflects restructuring and other non-recurring charges of $15 million and increases of interest and goodwill amortization expenses, pursuant to the acquisition of the company in June 1989, of $34.4 million and $2.7 million, respectively.
Her mother, Judith G. Jones, is a trustee of Wellesley.
I like a dog who's serious, but any moment he's going to be a whuz.''
Mr. Reagan's deposition would be the first time he has appeared as a witness in a criminal trial in the Iran-contra case.
He called Mr. Mooney's position "legally right" but added: "It's a miserable, wretched right to win.
Some people are afraid of losing jobs to them.
The latest quarter and 9 months' results reflected the acquisition of Firstfed America Inc. from July 24.
All manner of permanent and changing exhibits are being staged at the city's more than 50 museums, large and small.
It is a surprisingly large plastic bag full of exactly 16 ounces of liquid intended to feel identical to human fat.
Prices on the Buenos Aires Stock Exchange plunged an average of 53 percent in value.
Mr. Pietsch faces our current objections and will continue to encounter our resistance if his organization intends to pursue this idea in the future.
By the time AMCA decided to spin off the company last summer, there was plenty of good news to offer Wall Street.
His Democratic counterpart, Jack Richardson, agreed it would be a ''real hot contest'' and said Mrs. Saiki would benefit from the newcomers' votes.
Cabin rates range from $95 to $197 a person, in double occupancy, one way.
It doesn't sound all that fascinating now, but we couldn't leave.
Perfect Coin was second by three-quarters of a length over Lady D'Accord, with Happy Dapple fourth in a field of nine.
But the report showed no rise in core producer prices, excluding food and energy.
''There were bodies on top of bodies on top of bodies,'' he said.
The perpetrators were never discovered.
Mrs. Marsh was born in Manhattan on Dec. 12, 1891.
But two overarching themes of the book make a more profound impression.
With 200 meters to go, Olaf Lugwig of East Germany, who had won three stages with furious sprints, shot to the front and right into a fierce headwind.
It got worse in the Orioles' sixth when Billy Ripken doubled over Wilson's head in center field and scored when Steve Finley tripled over the same head of the same center fielder.
The child-care legislation on which the House and Senate are about to confer, while providing badly needed additional child-care funds for the poor, would perpetuate patterns of use that separate low- from middle- and high-income children.
Worldwide sales of Champagne were about 250 million bottles in 1989, a 75 percent increase in just seven years.
That action, three weeks ago, came after he had announced in December that there would be no judicial investigation.
As in Washington's day, the panhandle, with its distinctive frontier aura, is still no place for the unadventurous.
''The walls that once confined people and ideas are collapsing,'' NATO declared last week.
In 1994, one German team will defend the World Cup title West Germany won earlier this month.
Protest Over Belongings The regulation, which began June 25, allows prisoners entering the state system to take only limited belongings, including the clothes they are wearing, inexpensive watches and rings and legal and religious books.
Major Pfeil said the helicopter pilot ''was just obnoxious'' on the radio.
''Unless this co-op is facing a serious financial problem if they remain a co-op,'' he said, ''I would recommend against the conversion.''
"They're underestimating the importance of human values."
The tribe would then have the right to seek recovery of the expenses from Mr. MacDonald.
Deputy Chancellor Stanley S. Litow filled in and addressed the 180 graduates at Alice Tully Hall.
At the Peekskill Paramount on Friday at 8:30 P.M., a concert of Latin American music features the Jibaro String Band, with the vocalist Dalia Chevre and Yomo Toro, a virtuoso on the cuatro, a small Latin American instrument of the guitar family.
Hornacek, who had a career playoff-high 29 points in Phoenix's 117-103 win on Saturday, sank all six of his field-goal attempts in the opening period today.
Freed of constraint, the enzymes promiscuously tear down amyloid precursors into beta-amyloid splinters, which aggregate into long strings and attract remnants of dead neurons to their periphery.
Birth control, the ordination of women, permission for priests to marry, abortion - all arise from sexuality and femininity.
Gasoline prices have made another small move upward, according to a survey of service stations.
''I am quite passionate about objects, but I don't want to be tied down by them,'' he explains.
After the train rides to Sangatte, France, and Folkestone, England, there was more champagne and waving of passports.
'Sounds Like a Politician' "What reasons did voters have to vote for Bill Bradley that they learned from the Bradley campaign?"
The airfare was paid for by the Pratt & Whitney Company Inc., a subsidiary of the United Technologies Corporation; Barnett Banks Inc.; the BellSouth Corporation; the Olin Corporation, and the Chicago Board of Trade.
Meantime, private fund sources in New York must not overlook community organizations, but forge a new partnership to provide long-term remedies for homelessness.
Kremlin Ceausescus: From Armchairs to Prison Beds.
Sixty firefighters finally brought the blaze under control.
I couldn't figure it out.
Warner-Lambert fell 1 1/4, to 61 5/8; Bristol-Myers Squibb 1 1/4, to 58 7/8, and Pfizer 1 3/4, to 72 3/4.
The play was first presented at the Yale Repertory Theater and, earlier this year, won the Pulitzer Prize for drama.
The technology stocks, which were market stars for much of the year, have sold off, as have so-called growth stocks, which were supposed to have solid earnings whatever happened to the economy.
''You saw their outfield in the playoffs,'' Lasorda said.
ERIC CLAPTON'S LOVER And Other Stories From The Virginia Quarterly Review.
Upon Saartjie's death of what was called an inflammatory ailment, in 1815 at the age of 25, it was Baron Georges Leopold Chretien Frederic Dagobert Cuvier (1769-1832) who dissected and immortalized Saartjie - her genitalia preserved under a bell jar - in the Musee de l'Homme in Paris, among the preserved skulls of white males, on a shelf just above Paul Broca's brain and, as Mr. Gould writes, in the company of ''the dissected genitalia of three Third-World women.
Except for two spectacular drives by Thomas, New York did a respectable job of keeping the Pistons' guards from penetrating, which is a large part of their offense.
These ''price value'' cigarettes, which are new products from the current manufacturers, were 14.8 percent of the market last year, compared with 11.1 percent the year before, at a time when overall unit sales are declining.
But Rothery lived there only for a year and did not own the site.
Scholars will also find the text a sobersided alternative to some fancy-dancing pages in ''The Autobiography of LeRoi Jones,'' but although Cohen-Jones loved more honestly and faithfully than Jones-Baraka, her husband was always the better writer.
The chairman of the state Democratic Party, John F. Droney Jr., said that for Mr. Morrison, the metropolitan Hartford region and the other towns of the First District could prove central to the election.
Occupational Disparities ''The occupational disparities continue to be major,'' Mr. Ehrenhalt said.
That brief selloff illustrates the chicken-and-egg nature of program trading.
''There won't be any Fourth Reich,'' said Rolf Meierkord.
Some White House officials marveled that the chief of staff thought he could blame one staffer.
And it came along at a time when popular music's center no longer held.
A FEW paces around the corner at 12 Bogdanyi Street is the Amos-Anna Museum, exhibiting the paintings of a husband and wife.
''I've been writing stories for 11 years.
Banana sales bring in 60 percent of the company's profits.
''It's very disheartening,'' he said.
Company officials say their European operation is going so well that the Paris shop at Place Victor Hugo is already the company's second-busiest in the world, behind one in Tokyo.
The bindery accepts orders by telephone or facsimile, and ships.
Schools at Work Sites The New York Schools Chancellor wants to open elementary schools at workplaces, where pupils can attend classes near their parents.
Some groups have focused on what kinds of care people can refuse to accept.
"Well, it did that time, thank God."
The tops of the stakes must not protrude above the top of the form.
But he said his conversations in Europe convinced him that the Gulf crisis is not likely to be resolved by April and that there will be continuing interest in the subject.
The Iraqi invasion is also likely to bring long-term benefits to oil producers that are far from the Middle East and need foreign investment to develop large but untapped oil and natural gas reserves.
Prepare the dessert first, then start the lamb marinating.
But I view it very seriously, not just that, but any threat to any other countries as well, as I view very seriously our determination to reverse out this aggression.
I was alive when I died.
Survivors include his parents, Ann and R. B. Reynolds of Dalhart, Tex.
Each of the savings and loans on what Justice Department officials are calling ''the top 100'' list will be subject to stepped-up enforcement action.
Government and religion here are two sides of the same coin."
"I will not stand by idly," Ms. Howard said.
Stung by such publicity, tourism professionals met here in April for a two-day conference devoted to improving the image of this lusty, freewheeling city.
The international finals, in Lyons, will be held in November.
Tonight, two of the most skeptical participants in the day's talks on the unstable union, the presidents of Lithuania and Latvia, emerged from their meeting with Mr. Gorbachev glowing with apparent good humor.
It has now been forced to let most of them go.
It is riding a tourist boom that can only get better.
asks Kozo Ohsone, the man known within the company as the father of the Walkman.)
Attractions earlier this week at the Garde will include a touring production of Jerry Herman's ''Mame'' starring Patrice Munsel Tuesday at 8 P.M., and an 8 o'clock Wednesday appearance by Les Ballets Jazz de Montreal (444-7373).
Helping him would only ''prolong the agony.''
William Crowe, a former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, warned last week that "many Arabs would deeply resent a campaign that would necessarily kill large numbers of their Muslim brothers and force them to choose sides between Arab nations and the West."
I don't know where the money is going to come from.''
But Nasyr Yakubov, the First Party Secretary of Samarkand, said by telephone that his city was quiet, there were no riots and no curfew was imposed.
New Orleans loves tourists; since the oil bust, tourism has become its No.
The words ''chest pain'' open doors in hospitals, and he is whisked past the dozen people in the waiting room into the acute-care area, followed by a trail of physicians and nurses.
The models, in dreadlock wigs, came out as couples dressed for some bizarre new Eden.
Census facts have helped communities address a number of specific problems, said the Department of Commerce, which administers the Census Bureau.
He sent us to North.''
Some of these odds were at variance with expert play.
Minolta is holding the designation 9000i in reserve for that.
Fletcher Challenge, a New Zealand energy company, owns 50 percent of the Maui field.
They don't count on the store to make money.
Among those who worked on the proposals are Martin H. Gerry, Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Services for planning and evaluation; Jo Anne B. Barnhart, Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Services, who is in charge of the nation's main welfare program; S. Anna Kondratas, Assistant Secretary of Housing and Urban Development; Catherine A. Bertini, Assistant Secretary of Agriculture, in charge of the food stamp program; Betsy Brand, Assistant Secretary of Education, and Roberts T. Jones, Assistant Secretary of Labor, in charge of job training programs.
But there may be opportunities for shrewd investors.
Mr. Morales has been jailed for a parole violation since the shooting, Mr. Morgenthau added.
Given the ''brilliant economic situation,'' he added, ''I think we can cope with the question'' of the monetary union.
If the marks are only near the surface, then sanding should get them out.
He said Brazil, besides being the largest borrower among the less-developed nations, had a great need for new loans to further develop its industry.
With the election in 1948 of the militant Afrikaner National Party, which advocated apartheid as the way to handle the recent heavy influx of Africans, segregation became an ideology.
Ideological Lines Blurred As in earlier disputes over campaign financing, this case, Austin v. Michigan State Chamber of Commerce, No.
But here, too, the down-up-down pattern was the same.
Court Ruling on Nazis Decades of hard Supreme Court cases involving the First Amendment seemed to have produced a general, if imprecise, consensus that the Government could not prohibit the spoken and written word solely because of offensive content.
Even back in the days when I was drinking Liebfraumilch and Portuguese rose.''
That was partly offset by $233 million in after-tax charges.
A coterie of bridesmaids in white satin jackets and long white chiffon skirts carried her train up the stairs.
Friday is when the Czech Philharmonic plays Mozart, Beethoven and Dvorak at the Tilles Center at 8 P.M. (626-3100).
Also, he said, ''the much-maligned Second Avenue line, a good idea that was aborted early in its construction, should be continued.''
Everyone was all tangled up.''
Edited by Beate Ruhm von Oppen.
After Mr. Rinfret's brusque press conference, his son summed up his style with a smile: ''Pretty unconventional, huh?''
''Oh, that's right, you don't have any hair.''
Restaurants in moderately priced hotels and local restaurants catering to tourists are good choices.
The race was immediately halted.
The lawyers receive top dollar, about $300 an hour.
The Congress, the nation's supreme constitutional authority, agreed to give the President more direct control over the legal machinery of the executive branch by making Cabinet ministers directly subordinate to him and by creating the post of Vice President.
Potentially, the Giants have even better weapons because Hampton and Meggett are so shifty.
But the trade fights are not just with Europe.
Spending on schools, highways and sewers increased from September levels.
Marketers say red promises flavor and appeals to men.
Bodzianowski, who fights with a prosthetic device for the amputated leg, meets Robert Daniels, the W.B.A.
(It's also true that the Senator's rhetoric has a way of outrunning his voting record.)
He was a self-described "dilettante of heroin" for two years: "We were killing pain in our bodies before we had any pain to kill."
Ultimately, American Puritanism centered itself around the need to distinguish between the saved and the damned.
On advance purchase, this would mean that if the cheap fare required buying seven days ahead, there would have to seven days remaining before the flight.
In the long run I doubt I'd have liked it, any more than she'd have liked mine.
Alexander and Crawford were officials on Nov. 3 when the Nets lost a controversial 112-109 game to the 76ers.
The Oakland Police Department has reopened 203 rape cases, many involving prostitutes or women who abuse drugs, after admitting that the cases were dropped without even minimal investigation.
If the nuts are stuck, apply penetrating oil, and wait at least 15 minutes for it to work.
"The heat is much more than we anticipated," a senior Government official said.
After he was drafted in the second round of the National Basketball Association draft in 1989, Radja signed a one-year contract with the Celtics for the 1989-90 season.
The juices were compared with freshly squeezed orange juice because advertising for these products emphasizes their freshness.
Industries are spending millions of dollars in a lobbying effort to persuade senators to ease the requirements of the bill, and environmental groups are urging lawmakers to take the moral high ground by adopting stronger protections for clean air.
A United States Air Force spokesman, Maj. Wayne Crist, confirmed the killings but gave no details.
But more than $100 million will come from companies, including the International Business Machines Corporation and the American Telephone and Telegraph Company, during the three-year project, executives at the foundation said.
On first down, Jeff Criswell was called for a false start.
But let James Conaway describe them in his book "Napa": "He of the quizzical smile, she of the pale green, catlike eyes."
That play might have worked if Dave Cadigan, pulling at guard to lead the blocking, had not stumbled and fell.
The signing period for Plan B free agents runs from today until April 1.
He was a professor of sociology at the New School from 1933 to 1942, returning in 1974 as a professor emeritus.
But the most important advantage, the scientists said, is that plants can be grown by the acre and can thus produce vast quantities of a useful protein.
ON SEPTEMBER 8, 1987, 150 students arrived at a nondescript building in downtown Indianapolis to take part in a unique educational experiment: a school devised to develop the wide gamut of intelligences identified in Gardner's M.I.
''This is Rome's recognition of the importance of the topic,'' he said.
A Rival's Congratulations Later in the day, Mr. Kohl spoke with Mr. Bush and briefed him on the results of his trip.
The popular container is widely used overseas for milk, table wine, soy products, coffee, tea, edible oil, sauces and soups, and other food products.
The compromise does not halt production of the Stealth, or B-2, bomber, as House members had sought, but military analysts said the conference report cast serious doubt on the future of the bat-winged warplane.
More than merely setting her artists onstage, she has carried them across lines of heritage and generation.
Little, if any, liquid has to be added, and the vegetables come out crisp but fully cooked.
''They were just indulging in gossip.
''People have a sense that the subways are not safe, and I hope to change that.
Kyoko Hirano, director of the Japan Society film series in New York, says Japanese films in the United States have a much more limited audience: ''The Japanese import 100 Hollywood films and the Americans import just one.''
Tonight at 9 on ABC, Mary Tyler Moore and Bernadette Peters star in "The Last Best Year."
The group applauded Mr. Cooper when he said, ''Our community will be destroyed unless we put aside our petty differences and get on with it.''
Once I assign them to photograph strangers, they go out and do it - usually for the first time.
Vacancies along Broad Street, where Drexel Burnham Lambert occupied hundreds of thousands of square feet before its collapse earlier this year, now exceed 30 percent, according to the Williams Real Estate Company.
She graduated from Trinity College in Hartford.
The longer a vortex remains in place, the more ozone is destroyed.
Store the eggs in their cartons, not directly in egg trays.
The Observer telephone survey of 452 registered voters had a margin of sampling error of plus or minus five percentage points.
The United States, Canada and Mexico have just concluded important talks in this city on coming negotiations to shape a North American common market.
Experts have no formal definition of ''big science,'' but for the purposes of this article it is seen as any civilian research project whose construction costs are $100 million or more.
Total cost: about $20 billion a year in taxes and $10 billion a year in higher prices.
The Torres children had just stepped off a bus across the street from their home at 427 Fort Washington Avenue, after riding from the elementary school they attend 20 blocks away.
He played after the first fainting spell, which occurred in his hotel room.
Asked if the eighth-inning incident yesterday could inspire and ignite the Mets - the Mets seem to grasp at anything: brawls, team meetings, ninth-inning comebacks -Elster said: ''It could.
CENSURE In a censure proceeding, the member must stand in the well of the chamber and face his colleagues as charges against him are read.
In Election District 122 in the center of the capital, for example, the independent chairman of the election board, Florin Gloteanu, was suddenly replaced by a man identified with the Front named Mircea Carlin.
Stretch pants and plaid jackets are indeed among the best sellers of the last few weeks, as are chemises and trapeze dresses, short skirts and bright colors.
The victory put the Costa Ricans in the championship game Sunday night, when they will play Uruguay, which defeated Colombia, 2-0, in the second game tonight.
Then for the next two hours, he and his staff set out to show what the Jews who run Jerusalem have done for their Arab citizens.
''He came in and said, 'Pretty tough day for you guys, huh?'
Shorter waiting lists are not surprising, considering that New Jersey's school-age population has declined 28 percent since 1972.
But those who have been inside, or who know people who have been imprisoned there, can scarcely mention the name of the prison without a quiver in their voice.
Speed of the Essence Today's Polish-German accord was worked out after the two Germanys agreed to a set of five principles confirming the border and after they promised to conclude a formal border treaty with Poland ''within the shortest possible time'' after unification.
After three consecutive first-round losses, Cash has lifted his world ranking from 626 to 142.
A set of run-flats is slightly heavier than normal tires, but lighter than four tires and a spare.
From the meat side of the menu, juicy chicken breasts napped with creamy tarragon sauce received the most praise.
But the play's validity is clouded by diversionary narrative strands and by a lack of character definition.
One unit of 12 officers who specialize in drug-addicted criminals share a single cramped room in which they interview and counsel more than 800 probationers.
He pointed out that unlike in Italy many pasta manufacturers in the United States are in large cities, where the air quality and the tap water used to make the pasta are not as good as they should be.
When once questioned about the ''commercialism'' of his work, Mr. Haring said: ''I could earn more money if I just painted a few things and jacked up the price.
Mr. Rollins ran through a list of former and present Democratic members of Congress - including Speaker Thomas S. Foley; former Speaker Jim Wright; Tony Coelho, former House Democratic whip, and Ferdinand St. Germain, former chairman of the House Banking Committee - and said they had all received substantial campaign contributions from the savings and loan industry.
The boy is institutionalized because of ''CPD,'' a ''drug that emerged from science to help large farm animals operate smoothly during childbirth and other routine traumas, and we liked it too.
Its biggest customer for that service, Wells Fargo Investment Advisers, which has $80 billion under management, said it chose Morgan to handle the $5.5 billion it has invested in 18 overseas markets because of the firm's highly computerized approach and its expertise with stock indexes.
Allow the blinds to dry completely before rehanging them.
Mr. Brady's comments seemed intended to increase pressure on American allies to accept the American view that Soviet participation as a borrower under the plan should be rigorously limited.
Is this a show that should be watched when it airs?
The game, which permitted the user to maneuver a spaceship on a video screen and shoot at another ship, was the first of its kind and almost 30 years later is still the basis of a legal dispute between the Magnavox Corporation and other companies over who invented the first video game.
's has 26 other outlets on the East Coast, including one in Hartford, and as far west as Chicago.
The decline of 12.9 percent was the largest daily selloff in the crude oil futures markets in four years.
Senators did not deal today with the most contentious issues of whether to impose limits on campaign spending or to use public subsidies to help finance campaigns.
He was the head of Peter Paul Muller Architects in Southampton, which he founded in 1975.
But if that had to be done, the 15 planes already on order would suffice.
Who do you think told him he needed six horses pulling a chariot instead of just four?
In the 49er locker room after their 55-10 rout of the Denver Broncos, Holmgren was jokingly asked, ''Are you a genius?''
The Jets sent Dave Ellett, a defenseman, and Paul Fenton, a left wing, to Toronto for Ed Olczyk, a center, and Mark Osborne, a left wing.
And it's a family more or less growing together."
As I pointed out at Brown, because ''we were dealing with an abuse of power in the Administration that [sic] it was very important for us in conducting the investigation not to abuse power ourselves.''
The increase is the highest for the index since a 15 percent rise in 1977 and presents a sharp contrast to the statistics showing that only 1,656 dividend increases were announced in 1989, down from 1,705 in 1988.
In its place there was talk of nonaggression pacts, of overcoming ''the legacy of decades of suspicion,'' of fewer weapons and smaller armies.
Now, both Plus and Cirrus are racing to recruit foreign banks into ATM networks that piggyback on the global switching systems operated by Visa and Mastercard.
The company did a study of theoretical failure rates and checked it by comparing those rates to actual problems in American and Soviet spacecraft.
Rounding a sharp bend and coming face to face with a huge milk tanker truck will remind you that Devon is one of the centers of Britain's dairy industry.
Mr. Clark withdrew from the race a week later, as more of his spending habits were made public, including frequent use of state-chartered airplanes and charging personal long-distance phone calls to the state.
'Scientific Approach' ''We plan to take a scientific approach,'' said Koch, a yachtsman and businessman from Palm Beach, Fla., with a doctoral degree in chemical engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
If, however, the Court properly strikes down the law, Congress again will have to face the far worse alternative of the Bush Amendment - and this time in an election year.
So pros cover their bases by taking multiple exposures of everything they shoot.
United States courts generally disregard how a foreign defendant was brought before them.
in proportion, as close as practical, to their population in the city."
It is hardly by chance that a recent guest on the show was Mel Brooks, said to be marking his first television performance in nearly 30 years.
According to Mr. Collier's report, the hospital's management singled out surgery for criticism.
Dinner offerings, billed on the menu as New England fare, include chicken turnovers, duck with black currant sauce, baked scrod, fettuccine primavera and sirloin with peppercorn sauce.
Spread spackling compound, a putty used for repairing wallboard, over the cracks with a four-inch-wide flexible putty knife.
All over town, it has produced a giddy sense of deja vu: a wild-looking bus covered with paintings of doves and clouds and weird squiggles and filled with strangely dressed people playing kazoos.
The result was the 'Wrapped in a Ribbon' production number that Weill did not want to write and is very uncharacteristic of him.''
The country's lower house approved a plan that would give every citizen a share in any of several thousand companies now owned by the state.
The report said it could not confirm the substance of four allegations because one person had died and the others could not be located.
Lead: Cathy Gerring and Cindy Rarick each shot a three-under-par 69 yesterday to share the first-round lead yesterday in the L.P.G.A.
Born in Brooklyn, Mr. Wright studied violin and viola and then went on to study conducting with Hans Swarowsky, Rene Leibowitz and Herbert Blomstedt, among others.
And a recent study in which Mr. Kaufmann, a consultant to several Defense Secretaries in Republican and Democratic administrations, called for a 50 percent reduction in military spending over 10 years has been cited by critics who believe that such cuts should go to domestic programs.
Those venture firms are not expected to be helped much or to increase their investments because of the incentives.
The suit said that although Northrop had developed a less-costly manufacturing process, it continued to bill the Navy as if it were still manufacturing under its outmoded, more expensive process.
As her voice rises, I am struck by an odd resemblance to the attitude of the Berlin woman.
They largely control the process of petitioning by which candidates get on the ballot and arrange political alliances with other candidates to forge slates.
Kasem is, after all, someone who appreciates the art of getting a point across.
He may have wanted an easier game and a chance to settle down after the 10-hour marathon of the previous game and the blunders of the last two games.
Eight times Eamonn Coghlan ran the Wanamaker Mile, when he wasn't recuperating from dog bites and falling off his own front stoop and being rear-ended on Interstate 95, all the strange episodes that happened to him mostly in the month of December.
Russian caviar bursts in your mouth.''
"We're pleased to have been able to arrive at a satisfactory settlement with the S.E.C.
The trials triggered a succession of barracks rebellions that kept Argentina in turmoil, and a new President has now abandoned human rights prosecutions.
But in the course of her research she discovers that neither story is quite so simple.
In the United States, we learn concepts and do problems that are not weird for the sake of being weird.
Mr. Ranard was born in Taunton, Mass., and was a graduate of Brown.
This spring he volunteered his services to the national team.
''Reagan was saved, it seems to me, by falling oil prices and cheap foreign credit,'' the former Vice President said in a telephone interview.
* Eagle-Pitcher Industries, Cincinnati, a chemical and electronics company, sold its Akron Standard division to Illinois Tool Works Inc., Chicago, for $39 million.
''Do you need a comb?''
In another room in the Rinfret apartment was Mr. Rinfret's new political consultant, Eddie Mahe of Washington, who had briefly advised Mr. London in the mayoral campaign last year.
Nowhere is the boom more evident than high above Madison Avenue, in the ''Trend Bank'' of BrainReserve, the most prominent of a host of market research organizations.
* Fingerhut Cos., Minneapolis, a direct-mail merchandiser, appointed John K. Ellingboe vice president, general counsel and secretary.
Mr. Wakefield, the Energy Department's general counsel, said the Administration would join Chevron in asking the state agency that oversees coastal development issues to overrule the Santa Barbara agency and to adopt the compromise plan to permit tanker shipments for four years.
In a letter delivered to employees this week, Woolrich's president, S. Wade Judy, said, a soft retail market and high inventory levels would force the company to lay off about 1,500 employees at least until spring.
''People here are outraged,'' said Salaam Ismail, a leader of United Youth Council Inc., who helped organize the protests.
He will be the best defensive back in the Super Bowl and may create problems for Elway downfield.
In dreams men and women, always young, always kind, gracefully promenade to these lovely waters, which disregard time and exist in their own eternity of space; they are born again in water.
The Economist said the contacts included meetings between Israeli officials and the Iraqi Foreign Minister, Tariq Aziz, and his deputy, Nizar Hamdoon.
''We are discussing revenues, however.
''To me, it was a great value situation and I can't see anything at the moment that would cause me to sell it,'' said Bruce Hancox, chairman of Brierley Investments Ltd., parent of Industrial Equity.
Dr. Terr was among the first to observe such behavior among children in Chowchilla, Calif., who in 1973 were kidnapped as they rode home from a summer camp on a bus.
Sunbelt arranged for a purchaser to buy the Lake Lewisville tract for $21.1 million, with the payment financed entirely by a Sunbelt loan.
Pamela's also serves such variations on West Indian cuisine as roast duck with a Grand Marnier glaze with mango chutney, and codfish cakes with fresh baked brown bread, a specialty.
Her circumstances differ fundamentally from those of other potential patients for medical procedures that will aid another person, for example, a potential donor of bone marrow for transplant.
In fact, under the terms of her will, the museum distributed surpluses to charity as recently as the 1960's, and as late as 1984 still operated comfortably in the black.
Las Vegas (31-5) scored the next 7 points to put the contest out of reach.
Whichever it was, Judge Posner rightly notes that the tendency to equate law with politics blurred the long-acknowledged distinction between the ''law'' of the political process and that of the judicial process.
The narrator of ''Under the Gypsy Moon'' is a working-class German woman living in exile in Paris.
Mr. Manfredo said that two days before the United States invasion, he learned that the general had been plotting ''my physical elimination.''
A heating contractor the heat exchange unit is badly rusted and he recommends replacing it because the heat exchanger is so bad and because the old unit had insufficient air flow.
The Cofields raised money from donors and Federal grants to build an adjoining community center with a day-care center, conference room, offices and a basketball court.
People say when I strike out, I don't care because I don't throw my bat and the way I walk back to the dugout.
Classmates recall that young Will Ross would pepper his comments with barbs like "management spends too much time on high living and too little time running the company."
The writer is president of the Magnascreen Corporation, which makes flat-panel computer display screens.
In 1957 he went back to Texas as an assistant professor at the University of Texas.
''It was a wonderful show, but I wouldn't be able to wrap myself up in one of the those stoles,'' said Audrey Gruss, one of the Americans in the audience.
''When many of the major players from South Africa were unknown to most people here, Arthur Krim opened his home to them,'' said the singer Harry Belafonte, a chief organizer of Mr. Mandela's visit.
In a letter to Chancellor Peltason, Horace Mitchell, the vice chancellor for student affairs, explained that the couples allowed in under the old policy were admitted as roommates.
We were a big success in Paris, France, and we played for the King of Belgium.
From noon to 5 P.M., there will be children's activities, home-cooked food and a concert by Richie Havens.
''He shakes my hand,'' Mr. Qualini said.
And contra commanders have asserted that the presence of Humberto Ortega or his senior officers in a future army would constitute a betrayal of their trust in Mrs. Chamorro.
But they saw less than overpowering performances from two of the party's brightest Presidential hopes, Gov.
Stock prices closed lower today on the London Stock Exchange, depressed by mounting concern about the strengthening pound.
I appear to have fallen into the Frank Capra trap.
The aim is to socialize, to exchange views and to attend five hours of conference sessions each morning, leaving the afternoons free for white-water rafting and hiking.
There are clothes that make news and clothes that women want to wear.
He is a graduate of the University of Keele in Staffordshire, England.
Perhaps waiting for action from Japan, the state most dependent on oil imports from the Persian Gulf, would have been in order?
Other Police on Patrol The strike appeared to have the support of only a small group.
The stock is worth about $36 on the open market.
The next flurry of openings comes with the weekend.
''The United States Government is now the single largest operator of financial institutions, dwarfing Citibank, and yet we are doing little more than marking time,'' said Richard Pratt, a former chairman of the Federal Home Loan Bank Board and now chairman of Merrill Lynch Capital Markets.
Our meal started with a cooling granite of gazpacho that had a spicy delayed kick and a garnish of rather bland crayfish.
This practice, incidentally, does not apply exclusively to Jewish characters.
football players continued receiving money from alumni, even though the athletic program was already on probation for similar violations.
But it is 1990, and Psychic TV wouldn't be mistaken for a hippie band.
Chris Policano, a spokesman for Phoneix House, a New York- and California-based drug treatment program, said he supported testing for substance abuse in schools as long as there was a policy to help students who test positively.
At the centers here, which are still incomplete, 430 people will be sheltered and hundreds more will receive daily services from social workers, job training experts, drug and alcohol abuse counselors, lawyers and government officials who dispense welfare benefits.
A recent study by the Food and Drug Administration confirms that the hormone presents no risk to human health.
Runnells is the only county-funded, 28-day, in-house treatment program in the State of New Jersey.
The negotiations between East and West German Government officials will resume in Bonn on Friday.
Walter Olkewicz Blackie O'Reilly .
Instead he had to rely on a neighborhood girl, Gina Feliciano, and her mother.
So in January, Ms. King enrolled at Syracuse University, a decision that required her to give up her welfare benefits.
Congressional investigators said today that the Federal Government stood to lose $2 billion because it had guaranteed unauthorized loans to Iraq made by the Atlanta branch of an Italian bank.
But the rules allow them to omit a wide range of financial interests, including debts and real-estate holdings.
He has been taking ani-inflammatory medication, and spent last night taking whirlpools, receiving massages and having his back treated with ultra-sound stimulation.
Industrial visionaries have their own grand dreams: a Japanese-built lunar base camp, complete with its own concrete manufacturing plant, or - for Japanese tourists who are tiring of Hawaii - the solar system's first space resort, a hotel that would spin 200 miles above the Earth.
For several years Moynihan has been complaining that the Social Security Trust Fund wasn't a trust fund at all, since the surplus that was building up was being used to pay for the deficit.
Attorneys general in New York, California, Iowa, Massachusetts, Minnesota and Texas filed suit yesterday in Federal court in Manhattan.
Jimmy Key (3-1) allowed four runs on nine hits over five innings.
Michael B. Bracken, a professor at the Yale University School of Medicine who directed the study, is preparing a four-page summary of the research findings, to be mailed to hospitals and emergency and trauma physicians.
Will the next proposal be to hold elections by survey sampling because election participation is is too low?
''The draft platform calls for a radical perestroika of the party, which will fight for its leading role, but assume no state or government powers, nor lay any claim to having its role set down in the constitution,'' Interfax reported.
Should the aid go forward, American business would complain that it was being shut out of a country being aided by American-supported international institutions, further increasing the pressure for a lifting of the sanctions.
But for once, no one has to feel the least bit guilty about purchasing fashion: all the proceeds go to the New York City AIDS Fund, which supports AIDS prevention and education.
In August, Mr. de Klerk replaced Mr. Botha and later released five of Mr. Mandela's comrades and three other anti-apartheid leaders.
Currently, this same mask, whose style is peculiar to the Makonde, is one of several in ''A Tanzanian Tradition,'' the show on view in the African Art Museum, which is maintained by the Society of African Missions, at 23 Bliss Avenue here.
He said he felt comfortable and looked it.
Contributions to the ministry declined and on Sept. 25, 1989, a bankruptcy trustee closed Heritage USA and the Heritage Grand Hotel.
So let's see an article headlined ''One-third of Marriages Are to Younger Men.''
The rate is rising to 15.3 percent this year, and the floor is going up to $51,300, but some taxpayers will be able to take a credit.
"Each one has his own little empire and his own secretary.
University Exchanges Establishes a general agreement expanding undergraduate university exchanges by 1,000 full time students in each direction.
In late trading, the 8 1/2 percent Treasury bonds of 2020 were offered at a price of 95 1/8, down 5/32, to yield 8.97 percent.
Nevertheless, there are signs that divisions between Protestants and Catholics, while not disappearing, are narrowing here in Northern Ireland's second-largest city.
The changes in their lives and relationships can lead to feelings of isolation and failure or to feelings of greater competency and higher self-esteem.
The cushions on the booths are quilted and striped at both restaurants.
Hospitals and nursing homes, especially teaching hospitals, say they strive to keep the quality of care from deteriorating.
These will support the weight of vehicles.
''The company appears to be solvent,'' Mr. Nachamie said.
BROOKLYN HEIGHTS,the city's first historic district, will be the scene of a house tour tomorrow from 1 to 5 P.M. sponsored by the Brooklyn Heights Association.
What exhibits do school children find most interesting?
''This is where the computer will minimize the hand work,'' Ms. Patten said.
But we have another pattern: one in which a personal voice is heard, a voice that talks about the lives the writers live, about the lives of their friends and about concerns that have little to do with gardening per se.
Nibbling a cheese sandwich (she is a strict vegetarian) in a small SoHo restaurant, this pioneer of ritualistic theatrical dance recently explained that she ''has found her field,'' comparing herself to a biologist or a physicist who has chosen to concentrate on a particular area.
Though we are still the second-largest oil-producing nation in the world, our oil imports alone now exceed the petroleum consumed in France, Italy, Britain and West Germany combined.
While strategy was planned at the Mayflower, two Republican Representatives, Dana Rohrabacher of California and Mel Hancock of Missouri, held a press conference on Capitol Hill with Taxpayers for Accountability, a coalition of lobbying organizations, to denounce the arts endowment as an abuse of taxpayer dollars.
He has also learned the hard way about global travel.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine »
The organization whose members once sold flowers at airports has now spawned affiliate organizations that underwrite film projects, have assembled parcels of real estate in Manhattan and publish newspapers including The Washington Times, The New York Tribune and Noticias del Mundo.
I saw the woman and her little girl in the ''10 items or less'' line.
Yet the Iranian move is bound to put pressure on other members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries that have additional production capacity, notably Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates and Venezuela, to produce more oil to satisfy world demand.
First Interstate shares rose 50 cents today, to $39.875, in trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
The man, Maximo Rene Menendez, 25 years old, collapsed July 26 after drinking Pony Malta de Bavaria.
''No one is that nice.
They say that voters who elect a politician should give him the ability to select those with similar beliefs, who are dedicated to him, to carry out his programs.
If you cannot obtain a tool for installing drywall screws, substitute four-inch-wide (or wider) strips of wallboard for the second pair of wooden strips.
While the disk offers about 400 lines of horizontal resolution - the standard measure of picture detail - VHS cassettes achieve only about 240 lines, and even the best live broadcast or cable programs do not exceed 330.
Dave Capuano scored the game-winner in the second period and the goaltender Kirk McLean made the lead stand up in the third, leading the Vancouver Canucks to a 3-2 victory over the Islanders tonight.
A 74-year-old school crossing guard was seriously injured Wednesday when he tried to shield a student from a car, the police said today.
CHRISTIE'S, Park Avenue at 59th Street (546-1010).
For an entertaining lunch downtown the Zodiac Restaurant (214-741-6911, extension 5800) on the sixth floor of the Neiman-Marcus flagship store, 1620 Main Street, offers a chance to watch well-heeled Dallas society women while they watch the fashion models that sashay among the tables.
Her first important movie role was classic Stanwyck - a shallow adventuress redeemed by love in a 1930 melodrama, ''Ladies of Leisure,'' directed by a youthful Frank Capra.
The last hour on Friday is one of the lowest for liquidity.
AIDS victims are grateful for the church's helping hand; let others think hard before staying it.
"But it must board the train right now.
''What adjustments might be necessary and how they might be timed cannot be spelled out before the fact,'' he said.
As always, there are potential hazards to a steadier rate outlook.
The 57-year-old soul singer has been living at the Lower Savannah Work Release Center since April 14 on a limited work-release program.
Shoes in printed crocodile leather, with a one-and-a-half inch stack heel in brown or black, are $119.
THOMAS J. DILORENZO Chattanooga, Tenn., Sept. 28, 1990 The writer is the Scott L. Probasco Jr.
The report called for public warnings only in cases when the threats are specific and cannot be readily countered by the authorities.
Plans for his newest expedition, the Mount Everest Earth Day 20 International Peace Climb 1990, includes 45 openings for people who are fit but have little or no climbing experience.
'' 'I'm not worried,' I said.
It was the newest and most sumptuous establishment in town when he was last in the country - in 1918, as a 5-year-old prince.
The arboretum became part of the state park system in 1952 and was opened to the public in 1953.
Although he finished only 14th in the Daytona 500, the race at the Daytona International Speedway was an important benchmark for Darrel Waltrip.
Paul W. Bell, superintendent of the Dade County public schools for the last seven months, died of heart failure Tuesday at Baptist Hospital.
Mr. Nettle and Mr. Markham devoted the program's second half to 20th-century works that take in popular influences: Milhaud's ''Scaramouche,'' a work full of Latin and jazz moves, and a suite from Leonard Bernstein's ''West Side Story.''
And the other public rooms, including the famous Rose dining room and Blue Bar, should reopen by mid-October, when the new kitchen is completed, according to the management.
Mr. Pieri was among the five suspended by Mr. Kemp.
Foreign Minister Shevardnadze responds with pointed questions of his own: ''What could we have done?
''As a thrift begins to falter, one of the first parts to go is the back office,'' said Mark Kantor, an attorney with Milbank, Tweed, Hadley & McCloy and former general counsel for the agency's oversight board.
More pricing controversies will erupt soon if the cost of oil rises.
It became an important port in the 19th century as gold and silver flowed from mines in the mountains and agriculture developed nearby.
If some cellular companies choose C.D.M.A.
Joyce Reid, who is a single working mother and has been living in public housing for three years, disagreed with Ms. Barlow.
At the Paramount, I paid 50 cents before 1 P.M.).
I went from wheelchair to crutches doing a lot of physical therapy and had two rounds of surgery.
Although it was probably taken in the spirit of fun, pictures like this do nothing to encourage the democratization of the work world.
The $1 billion is less than 1 percent of the United States farm economy's annual revenues of $150 billion.
380,000 by Early Next Year The Pentagon declined to say exactly how many additional troops were being sent, but one Administration official estimated that the additional reinforcements would number more than 150,000.
He was a martyr waiting to happen, a man assassinated for being in the wrong place at the wrong time, but remembered for being in the right place at the right time.
Membership for them was intended to emphasize Mr. Gorbachev's hope of seeing the party survive more as a decentralized political instrument now that its days as the nation's monolith are done.
''If you judged it that way,'' he said, ''it would mean it's not a clinical trial program; it's a drug distribution program.''
Reveal said, it would be improper for her to make public specific figures.
To Help Troubled Youths Nov. 28 -- Mothers for More Halfway Houses is planning a reception and a fashion show by Anne Klein II to raise money to help emotionally troubled young people: 5:30 P.M. at the W. R. Grace Building, 43 West 42d Street.
In fact, the film's enlightened and unhysterical approach to gay life and AIDS may have worked to its advantage.
''The idea that a city the size of Tulsa would take care of child care in this way is a milestone,'' said Dr. Zigler, who is the director of Yale's Bush Center in Child Development and Social Policy.
's, company-sponsored 401(k) plans - particularly when an employer makes matching contributions - and Keogh plans for the self-employed, he added.
The line of Pierre Turgeon and Aleksandr Mogilny had six shots and constantly threatened.
8 Strong opposition from constituents helped to defeat the budget plan.
But many original, unleveraged corporations that remain principal occupants of their buildings have adopted subleasing as an alternative to empty space resulting from reduced operations.
''Recently I was riding the subway,'' she wrote in a letter.
But he continued: ''Like a lot of other food companies, Pillsbury's interest in reformulations preceded Mr. Sokolof's campaign.
We're very satisfied with our commercials, which point out the differences, however subtly, and we think they're working.
The United States had challenged the Europeans to accept scientific arbitration about hormones and health.
Linn's, which is rapidly expanding its book division, has published "Classic United States Imperforate Stamps," by Jon Rose, the first in a planned series of handbooks.
It is the latest twist to her conviction that, no matter how much she reveres it, tennis can get a bit monolithic.
A prime witness who is expected to testify against Mr. Gotti is Philip (Crazy Phil) Leonetti, the former underboss of the Scarfo family, a Mafia group in Philadelphia.
West Germany's shrewd executives also know that they have nothing to lose by acting now.
And while the party's voice has been more influential than its 30,000 membership would suggest, it is not clear that it has much support on this issue.
Hasbro's shares fell 37.5 cents today, to $12.25, on the American Stock Exchange.
But the trade is the consumer, so we're hitting them as consumers.
Shirley L. Paxton officiated at the Wyoming Presbyterian Church in Millburn, N.J. Ms. Hiser, 27 years old, will keep her name.
MacLeod is known for running extremely organized practices, and he is a stickler for fundamentals.
When de Kooning and Dubuffet attacked the female figure, they were doing much more than expressing personal feelings about women and extending an avant-garde tradition that includes such monuments of modernity as Manet's "Olympia" and Picasso's "Demoiselles d'Avignon."
Of his own situation, Mr. Woods, who lives in London, said, ''Obviously my family and I can now visit and maybe return,'' although he added that it would be difficult to uproot a family of seven.
Power is up by more than 10 percent, and while there are still only 73 horses under the hood, the tiny engine is one of the few that puts out one or more horsepower per cubic inch.
Plans to make oil companies provide cleaner-burning gasoline will be opposed by the White House.
The three-story town house on the New Jersey bank of the Hudson had been listed at $565,000 last year, and here it was being auctioned off for less than half price.
"I believe that all Saudi citizens consider what we did was a wise and logical action," he said.
B7 A cargo door that blew off a jet last year, in an incident that killed nine passengers, may soon be retrieved by a submarine.
He is in fact a veteran reporter who worked for years as A.R.D.
'' Moltke was disgusted: ''How can anyone know these things and still walk around free?
This doesn't take him down a notch.
They went to the commentator's booth and challenged him on the air to an $80 bet.
Donald Trump has paid $12.5 million as a site fee for the right to stage Tyson-Holyfield on June 18 at the Convention Center.
Capital Gains as Weapon Only 7.8 million of the 109.8 million tax returns that were filed in 1988 reported capital gains, and most of those profits from investments were claimed by the richest 1 percent of taxpayers, those with incomes above $200,000.
The borough's two apartment complexes are the 160-unit Nottingham Manor Garden Apartments and the 168-unit Ridgemount Gardens, where two-bedroom units rent for $900 to $925.
Mr. Graham's career, like CBS News, was on the skids.
''People get blown away for not meeting the numbers,'' said one former employee.
To the Editor: William L. O'Neill is a good historian; and when he writes that Samuel Walker's ''In Defense of American Liberties: A History of the ACLU'' is ''usually fair'' (Jan. 14), he is no doubt right.
Still, Mr. Holden writes so well.
"They talk about reform, but there are no specifics," said a Chinese economist.
''Department stores are like mausoleums, they're so serious.
The former chairman and chief executive of Guinness P.L.C.
The series, which was made for London Weekend Television, has some first-rate aerial scenes, produced with vintage Spitfires and Messerschmitts.
But the leader of the Podkrepa Independent Trade Union, Konstantin Trenchev, said tonight that Mr. Beron quit because of evidence that he was a police informant code-named Bontcho who kept tabs on his colleagues for the secret police.
In recent years, however, life insurance companies have competed for investors' dollars with banks, savings and loan associations and brokerage firms by offering policies on which the returns are tied to market returns.
The drug was also toxic, but seemingly less so than cyclosporine.
''It's a very fine dance for the Republicans,'' said William Cunningham, a consultant for the Democatic State Committee.
Guns Called New Models Bureau officials said today that the redesigned models of well-known military weapons like the Uzi and AK-47 are so different from the originals that they are, in effect, entirely new models that qualify for importation as sporting weapons.
The police and troops patrolled the capital, Tananarive, which was quiet.
Yes, to be sure, there is some consolation in knowing that I also comfort a few lovers of uncertainty and mystery with the suspicion that it is best to leave the Beginning of All Things alone, especially if you come from a world capable of calling it BAT.
Radio cars patrol the perimeter, and supervisors check constantly.
Ms. Hedrick said she is not ''compulsive'' about organization.
What would Iraq want in Jordan anyway?
He was the ultimate adult at a time when adult had become the greatest pejorative.
''It is disillusioning to see this in the richest country in the world,'' Ms. Carty said.
The crowd of onlookers at the pier has apparently never seen anything as funny as a man in a short pleated skirt, knee stockings, brogans and rakish tam.
If a visitor has time to see only one thing in Cairo, it has to be the Egyptian Antiquities Museum (off Tahrir Square next to the Nile Hilton).
''In my opinion, Secura has almost no chance to survive as a copy-machine producer,'' said a West Berlin banker who requested anonymity.
He was 65 years old and lived in Hollywood, Fla.
In one such incident, Broward County sheriff's deputies found cocaine in the suitcase of a man on a bus bound for Atlanta.
Around the turn of the century, two papers, by doctors at Harvard and Johns Hopkins, concluded that cases of childbirth fever could be reduced dramatically by shaving a woman's perineum.
In Ottawa, the Canadian Government announced that its unemployment rate soared to 8.3 percent last month from 7.8 percent in July.
At the age of 15 Thea Bowman joined the Franciscan Sisters of Perpetual Adoration because, she told the reporters that day, ''I was impressed by the witness of the priests and nuns.''
We talked till about 4 in the morning and I felt O.K.
He was 57 years old.
It's back to square one for the city of Oakland and the National Football League's Raiders.
The truck jolts across a rutted pasture, Colorado on one horizon, Kansas on the other, while a dozen shaggy brown buffalo gallop alongside, snorting and stamping, as splendid as the bison on the cave walls at Lascaux.
''I made it known that there is no way I can come up with 50 students,'' said Peggy Dulin, the program coordinator for the New Brunswick school system, who is worried that her school will be dropped from the program.
A lawyer for the carrier said the $60 million was essential to keep the carrier's operations running through the end of March.
What kind of documentation do I need?
They may spend only three hours closing down their offices on the first working day after Friday, when the emergency financing measure that had kept the Government running since the beginning of the fiscal year on Oct. 1 expired.
For the 25th anniversary of the World Monuments Fund, JOHN JULIUS NORWICH, the historian, will head a symposium in London on preservation and European development.
In the mid-1980's, ''The Cosby Show'' stunned a good many industry ex perts by vaulting to the top of the ratings - and staying there.
Roger Kubarych, manager of Henry Kaufman & Company, speaks for most economists in stressing the sustaining role of the Federal Reserve.
Although oil prices have eased by slightly more than $2 a barrel from last week's record high of $41.15 a barrel, traders have not discounted the possibility of war in the Persian Gulf.
That's a rough life selling drugs.
But it also, thankfully, lacked the driven, tense quality of too many modern chamber ensembles.
''Each of us needs all the help we can get, whether it be advice or a contact for theater tickets.''
And try as it might, the aides said, no delegation can hope to compete with a state like Virginia, which has three Representatives on the House Armed Services Committee and the ranking Republican on the Senate panel, without a lawmaker at the table when defense bills are written.
Arrested in 1974 in Israel on charges of smuggling weapons from Lebanon to Arab guerrillas, he was released from prison three years later after the direct intervention of Pope Paul VI.
Two days later, Hispanic leaders led 500 marchers to the station house to protest what they said was a double-standard favoring the Satmar.
So we still need affirmative action.''
Viola, who went unbeaten during the month, received 12 first-place votes and 72 points in balloting by a panel of sportswriters and broadcasters.
Of course, there are run-ins with mighty Tyrannosaurus rex: "Tim felt a chill, but then, as he looked down the animal's body, moving down from the massive head and jaws, he saw the smaller, muscular forelimb.
On nightly television news broadcasts, the Soviet leader indulged himself fully in the role of analyst and reviewer, enjoying one of the lingering perks of the old dictatorial order of the Kremlin.
In a large bowl, combine the ground beef and pork with the cooked onions and set aside.
His wife and three children -- Patrick, 18, Kieran, 16, and Jennifer, 12 -- wept at the graveside.
Rouse and other experts said.
But there's still a need for the state to help.
"I'd trade a prison term for me if I could just get out of here," Mr. Biden sighed.
Dianne M. Nast, a lawyer representing shareholders, said distribution of the proceeds would begin in 30 days if no appeals were filed.
Mr. Nascimento was raised on local music, rock, jazz and the sambas and bossa novas he heard on the radio; his songs have held on to these roots as they looked outward.
These attacks will not be helpful when it comes to gaining Social Democratic support for the tough decisions that lie ahead on unification.
Some material may be inappropriate for children under 13.
He also said it will not do enough to create incentives for hospitals to control costs and improve efficiency, and he said reforms still must be made in the way that the state reimburses hospitals for charity care.
The three nations involved have already invested millions of dollars and plan new contractual negotiations.
Galvanized steel corners secure the bars.
Gumbel is totally relaxed and confident interviewing Nixon, but Bryant Gumbel has few moments in front of a camera when he isn't.
His father is a consultant on agriculture.
If Saddam wants peace to regroup, the minimum price must be the destruction of his nuclear plants, missile factories and launching pads.
This obscure village in eastern Hunan province is home to about 1,300 peasants, each of whom earns about $150 a year and has less than one third of an acre to farm.
* Huntingdon International Holdings P.L.C., London, a biological safety testing company, will acquire Southwestern Laboratories Inc., an engineering and testing company, for $26.2 million.
The company said it paid $4.2 million in preferred share dividends in all of 1988 and $1.1 million in the fourth quarter of 1988.
And then there were the Toolmate thermal mugs from Snap-On Tools.
''We have stretch corduroy, stretch twill, stretch merino, stretch velvet,'' said Denise Seegal, president of DKNY, Ms. Karan's lower-priced collection.
Mr. Watkins declined to respond to questions about Mr. Jackson's dealings with the housing department.
These 18-to-29-year-olds are also the group that most strongly opposes new taxes.
''And talk about the chance for a bargain, especially if things are likely to turn around soon.''
man and an Italian princess, the Red Brigades, a twisted (in body and mind) Italian intellectual, the fading aristocracy in Italy.
The dancers were admirably energetic.
''The developments in molecular biology have opened a completely new world for us in animal breeding,'' Dr. Medrano said in a recent interview in his laboratory here.
Many are in various parts of the country, but at least three can be seen in New Jersey, at Rutgers University's Livingston College Student Center, Lafayette Gardens in Jersey City and the Peat Marwick Mitchell Corporation in Montvale.
My father, who delegated responsibility, had also inherited too many old-timers from his father's generation and, like the firm, he suffered under their regime a good deal.
president should not go unheeded: "The damage to the high performance sports of the G.D.R.," he said, "would be not only a damage for Germany but also for whole Olympic movement."
Injuries, both athletic and accidental, sidelined him for half the 80's, but Coghlan's pride has driven him back to competitive shape.
David Kirscher, a former illustrator of Muppet and Sesame Street books who is president of Hanna-Barbera Productions Inc., the cartoon company, said he expected most of Mr. Henson's characters to continue to be seen, with new voices.
They have joined as a kind of venture troupe, an all-star cast in search of a new audience, banking on their art and on Chekhov to keep them afloat.
Jury deliberations began yesterday in the conspiracy and fraud case against John A. Mulheren Jr., the former stock speculator accused of engaging in sham securities transactions with Ivan F. Boesky.
There is some difference between the regular and so-called premium -- more expensive -- pet foods the companies are touting: premium food is denser in calories and vitamins and may be easier to digest.
Despite the thaw in the cold war, Pentagon officials say they need more space for training.
John McNiff of Cornell, the best Ivy running back, has run for more than 100 yards four times this season.
(AP) Boxing Hill Keeps Title: Virgil Hill retained his World Boxing Association light-heavyweight crown for the ninth time, winning a unanimous 12-round decision over Tyrone Frazier yesterday in Bismarck, N.D. All three judges scored the bout by 120-108 in favor of Hill, who improved his record to 28-0.
One is that any of a number of infectious agents and possibly chemicals can provoke the immune system to counterattack and somehow keep it in a lasting state of activation.
''Taking Care of Business'' plays it safe and boring.
The Sanctions Committee will make recommendations to the Security Council on what would constitute humanitarian circumstances.
It was cited just a few weeks ago in the case of 36 East 69th Street Corporation v. Morin, heard in Civil Court in Manhattan.
''I really don't know if it was a carryover from last season,'' Henderson said.
East did better by discarding his heart, but the declarer saw the danger.
A statement issued later in the day by the studio described the tour site as "fully operational."
Marble and granite have replaced glass, stainless steel and terrazzo as the materials of choice.
The police took the threat seriously, assigning extra officers to protect dozens of yeshivas.
He thought he had found a new job last weekend, working at a dock near his home.
RUY LOPEZ White Black Kasparov Karpov 1 e4 e5 2 Nf3 Nc6 3 Bb5 a6 4 Ba4 Nf6 5 O-O Be7 6 Re1 b5 7 Bb3 d6 8 c3 O-O 9 h3 Nd7 10 d4 Bf6 11 a4 Bb7 12 ab ab 13 Ra8 Qa8 14 d5 Na5 15 Bc2 Nc4 16 b3 Ncb6 17 Na3 Ba6 18 Nh2 c6 19 dc Qc6 20 Bd2 Be7 21 Ng4 Ra8 22 Ne3 Nf6 23 Nf5 Bf8 24 Bg5 Nbd7 25 c4 bc 26 bc Bc4 27 Nc4 Qc4 28 Bb3 Qc3 29 Kh2 h6 30 Bf6 Nf6 31 Re3 Qc7 32 Rf3 Kh7 33 Ne3 Qe7 34 Nd5 Nd5 35 Bd5 Ra7 36 Qb3 f6 37 Qb8 g6 38 Rc3 h5 39 g4 Kh6 40 gh Kh5 41 Rc8 Bg7 Adjourned
President Reagan went to great lengths to skirt the 1980 law in the Iran-contra scandal.
He and other teachers and students crouched in the halls as the roof was blown off.
This weekend, art can be found in towns as far west as Roslyn Harbor, where Leo Castelli, the eminence grise of contemporary-art dealers, has organized a small survey of 1960's and 70's works at the Nassau County Museum of Art, and as far east as East Hampton.
Becker got some immediate revenge in Friday's semifinal, where he defeated 18-year-old Goran Ivanisevic, the player who put him out of the French Open.
He doesn't think the labor issue ''will end up being a major-league deal when the dust settles.''
Its suggested price is $84.95.
In many ways, the steadiness of New York's gasoline tax defies logic.
Sixty-four percent of the killings were shootings; 19 percent were stabbings.
''I think we could see a blockbuster comedy block,'' Chernin argues.
But next door in California, economic growth has begun to slow, with cutbacks in military spending forcing layoffs among aerospace companies and the construction industry losing steam.
From time to time there is some voice-over narration in which Mr. Caine sometimes speaks for Graham Marshall in the first person, sometimes about him in the third person.
A struggle between the Spanish Army and Basque separatists.
In Reconstruction, the first black man to serve a full six-year Senate term was Blanche Kelso Bruce of Mississippi (1875-81).
Everybody tunes in to see the President, but who hangs around the tube to watch the Democrats reply?
And the Malevich show, which came to the National Gallery from Amsterdam, where it was shown last year, demonstrated beyond doubt the significance of this Russian painter and charted his tragic course.
A new generation of gremlins attack New York's Clamp Tower, owned by real estate magnate Daniel Clamp.
A commission official, Yoshiro Sekine, said the panel would study Boone's contentions.
But two items deserve comment.
Senator Howard M. Metzenbaum joined today with some influential groups representing the elderly in opposing the nomination of Clarence Thomas for the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia.
But they did not need foreign textbooks to know that the best prevention was to reduce exposure.
''Not only can Bill Roper represent C.D.C.
On the city's traditional, bohemian main street, the genteel and shaded Rua da Carioca, a host of stores (like the classy Guitarras de Prata) sell enough types of timpani as well as song books and instructional manuals to make anyone an instant sambista.
More than 30 shell casings were found at the scene, detectives said, adding that they believed Mr. Martinez had been involved in a dispute with the gunmen.
She is always there for Mr.
Mike has a battery of people reporting to him, and my initial aim will be to help Mike by taking the burden off him with the staff groups.''
At this year's fair, being held this week, the opposite is true.
She is an administrative assistant at Oak Investment Partners in Westport.
''When I was away from it, I didn't miss it,'' said Arbour of his two-year liberation from coaching following a 13-year career with the Islanders that yielded four Stanley Cups but left him pale, distressed, and suffering from a case of ''overconsumption'' when he retired in 1986.
This method of population control has been used for more than a decade by Fish and Wildlife in Rhode Island and has the approval of the Atlantic Flyway Council.
In several cases, his supporters say he intervened to support investigations or save the lives of dissidents in military custody.
We are not in ancient history and not in the future.
Several longtime CBS News staff members offered to buy the division and form a separate entity.
Mrs. Carey, 27 years old and known as Hampton, graduated from the University of Virginia.
Know thy neighbor as thyself, and you have little choice.
"It was back in '84 and '85 that we moved away from tabletop models and focused on portables," said Mr. Kelsey of Panasonic.
''There's not a single person in Washington asking what's happening to you,'' Ben Blaz, the special Congressional delegate from Guam, said.
Mr. Miller told the newspaper that neither he nor the director had had any idea of serious financial difficulties.
He died of lung cancer, said his son Robert, of Guilford.
Last year I spoke to you about a campaign to bring us together.
Changes can be proposed until Sunday, after which the commission is to make its decision.
Mr. Apfelbaum, who began collecting folk art 34 years ago when he was 16, doesn't know what to call himself.
In an interview last spring, Mr. Kohl declared that his greatest ambition was "that we become a wholly normal country."
Budget constraints necessitate a further 10 percent reduction by August.
The endorsing agency, the Union of Orthodox Jewish Congregations of America, has adopted many of the same standards as Kof-K, which supervises the Glatt Yacht.
''When lots of people are throwing out ideas, it helps you see different paths to a problem,'' said Sanjiv Kinkhabwala, a junior who is majoring in applied math.
''My father really had it rough,'' said the younger Carrington, who goes by the nickname Lex (his middle name is Alexander).
Then Philadelphia broke away to a 100-90 lead.
Homeless man strolls by table, stops, chats, begs.
Men also take herbs to soothe the pain during their rituals, and some men who have watched or taken part in rituals say that the tribesmen sometimes intentionally inflict cuts and wounds upon themselves in re-enacting the myths and legends of their homeland.
The entire cost, to the homeowner and the taxpayer, is recouped in about 10 years.
Rob Dibble (7-3) pitched the ninth for the victory.
''We haven't made any real decision on it yet.''
It is not to restore the Emir of Kuwait, but to contain wily and reckless expansionism, and put an end to the blatant violation of human civilization and international law.
Whole swatches of its score imitate Mr. Sondheim's musical style with a fidelity that borders on appropriation.
(In 1989, 2.6 million visited the Statue of Liberty.)
And YOU ARE ALL FINISHED!"
Questions about home repair should be addressed to Bernard Gladstone, The New York Times, 229 West 43d Street, New York, N.Y. 10036.
''I've found that people tell you more in a computer than they would in a standard classroom,'' Dr. Coombs said.
But on the football field, that's what Rocket does now.
Conservatives favored Stevenson over the New Deal liberal Johnson because Stevenson was such an exemplar of the white man's Texas.
Now, several Washington publishing professionals want the nation's capital to have a daily newspaper to chronicle the business and entertainment side of politics.
I think of it as a protective coating for fine furniture.''
Brent Bozell, finance director of the National Conservative Political Action Committee, argues that it is still possible to raise money for conservative causes, including foreign policy, but that the strategy must change.
''Barbara Sigmund, the Mayor of Princeton, often says that she never heard of anyone sign up for an archeological dig of Pompeii looking for the minutes of the City Council,'' Dr. Felzenberg said, leaning forward far enough to reveal a button pinned to his chair reading, ''Art Survives Politics.''
Noah shrugged into and out of retirement like a discarded garment last year, but yesterday, after Becker becalmed his attempts to flare up in the course of a 6-4, 6-2, 7-6 defeat, his 16th in 31 matches, the Frenchman again appeared on the verge of recoiling from his tennis career.
One can focus on the traditional wet flies, embrace the demands of fishing for persnickety nymphs, or immerse oneself in the visual excitement of surface strikes on the dry fly to the exclusion of the other methods.
A1 Campeau's American retailers, which include some of the nation's most famous department stores, said that they met a deadline for paying suppliers for December merchandise.
Those are the two best.
These guarantees include a German promise to reduce the ''strength of the armed forces of the united Germany to 370,000 men within three to four years.''
Carriers generally carry 30 to 40 planes that can attack ground targets, like A-6 planes, A-7 planes and FA-18's.
'The World Is Watching' ''It is a time for peace and diplomacy, not for war and aggression,'' the United States chief delegate, Thomas R. Pickering, told the Council.
Their schemes are considered every bit as important to a wedding as the bride's gown and the menu.
In addition to using its traditional computer distributors, I.B.M.
With last week's National Institutes of Health ruling, more companies are expected to enter the field.
And then there are touches that show no influence, that belong only to Almodovar, such as the moment in which one of the ''Women on the Verge'' turns on the television news and finds it being read not, as usual, by a perky young woman, but by Almodovar's elderly mother, Francisca Caballero.
has insisted that standards be tough, while the institute has promoted further loopholes, such as restricting lead measurement to aged brass faucets.
This ranges from $20 to $50.
Whether selling or buying, few locals deal in more than five contracts at a time, or hold a trading position for more than a minute or two, closing it out if a loss gets to $400.
A woman, distraught because New York did not reimburse her for expenses in raising her grandson under a foster-care program, left the boy and her own small son on the steps of City Hall yesterday, setting off a flurry that led to a meeting with Deputy Mayor Bill Lynch.
A Chinese Folk Tale Professor Yao said he wants students to be able to control what they learn by using the computer-laser disk setup to change scenery, for example, or to repeat segments.
So we have to add a further consideration, which we owe to the philosopher Jean-Francois Lyotard.
That was my programming policy, and when Jim Bohnen bought the theater, he shared my views."
The Dowd suspension is a loss because ''he is a very important part of a nationwide network of lawyers who consult with us on defenses for battered women who fight back against abuse,'' said Sue Osthoff, director of the National Clearinghouse for the Defense of Battered Women.
As the crowd gathered outside, a row of officers blocked the door.
But some said they were convinced the stores would still file for bankruptcy protection in the next several days.
Box 111, Pleasantville, N.J. 08232, or by calling the toll-free number 800-257-8650, Monday through Friday between 8:30 A.M. and 5:30 P.M., Eastern time.
He also said he had a good relationship with Stiehl.
Lynch, who had played well on occasion when Moss was hurt, had missed almost six weeks of football because of a virus illness and returned last Tuesday for four days of practice.
While some residents say that strikes by the Police Department's Tactical Narcotics Teams have significantly reduced drug-trafficking in the area, others say the problem is as bad as ever.
Today, The Moscow News fired back.
Referring to President Francois Mitterand of France, who has written several books, and former President Ronald Reagan, he added: ''We elect movie stars rather than writers.
Mr. Brinner and Mr. Jelalian said the export increase combined with the decline in imports, which were both unexpected, would force the Commerce Department to raise the 1.2 percent growth rate for the economy in the second quarter to 1.5 percent to 2 percent.
At the moment, he is sitting in a small motor home that serves as a dressing room on the broad plains of southern Alberta, a boundless table top of Kelly green and harvest gold beneath a dome of blue.
* Reducing solid waste, projected to grow from 27,000 tons a day two years ago to 31,000 tons a day in the year 2000.
It intercepts the fax documents and routes them to the phone line.
But it also lifted a great burden of complacency off me.''
She moved into the two-bedroom condominium last year, mainly because the marina could accommodate her boat.
He was present at every design meeting and even spent Friday afternoons at Riccardi's office learning to build an architectural model.
The company has added two shows, one in the spring, most recently on June 9, and the other in November.
"One year it's wind shear and cabin fires, the next year it's something else," he said.
He then taught for 20 years at Cathedral College in Brooklyn.
He will need more than a few examples to establish that point.
I like it,'' he said.
It is also fascinating to watch each artist attempt to put a personal spin on the style.
''For now, we will not oppose it.''
He has no political aspirations, he said in an interview.
Supersedes Earlier Pact That agreement superseded a 1911 accord to settle the Czech claim that Augustus Busch, the founder of Anheuser-Busch, illegaly used the Czech beer's name when he began selling St. Louis-brewed Budweiser in 1876.
Activist insiders say it's absurd to believe that Bari could have knowingly had a bomb in her car, since Northern California Earth First has been moving away from environmental sabotage, or "ecotage," renouncing tree spiking and calling for nonviolent protest during Redwood Summer.
Cadillac's better notion is an electrochromic mirror that flips neither hither nor yon nor late nor early.
Interest rates rose sharply at Citicorp's weekly auction of 91-day and 182-day commercial paper to their highest levels since late 1989.
One is that Haiti's democratic leaders had demonstrated their weakness by failing to gain public support for a general strike recently and he believed he could move against them without raising a general protest.
He was 82 years old.
He said the White House heard from Moscow on June 5, the day after Mr. Gorbachev went home, and Mr. Shkabardnya arrived on Monday.
The talks will have an open agenda, presidential aides said.
''It would have been another miraculous comeback,'' Holtz said.
Sadly, I know what Mary Curtis was feeling - and sometimes all too well.
''This is better than working in an office,'' the bushy-haired peddler said recently while standing on Broadway near 39th Street.
Many of our member oil companies have been approached by one or more political action groups asking if we would be interested in providing discounted fuel deliveries to a bloc of homeowners to be supplied by dint of an aggressive consumer-advocate public appeal.
Blackstone said the number of acquisitions between France and the United States in the first six months of 1990 totaled $7.7 billion, more than the total for deals in 1989.
''It shows he's really interested in protecting the United States from attack,'' Mr. Anderson said in an interview.
''If you paint over the edges of a CD with the harsh chemicals in a marker pen,'' he continues, ''you may be inadvertently stripping away the disk's own protection, exposing the aluminum layer to oxygen and humidity and possible long-term irreversible deterioration.''
As a child, I grew up on Else Holmelund Minarik's classic ''Little Bear'' books for beginning readers.
Pour into an ice-cream machine and freeze according to the manufacturer's directions.
Saab gave Lord, Einstein the account a month after the agency's top executives walked out of Lord, Geller, Federico, Einstein to set up their new shop, giving it both financial security and the credibility that enabled it to grow to the $100 million agency it is today.
11 A.M. to 6 P.M.
Brooks Looks Outward Brooks Brothers, the center of the universe for traditional men's style, is planning to distribute its clothing wholesale.
Among Trinity students who have worked with Professor Doyle are Bridget Brandes, a junior, and Amy Kazala, a sophomore, both chemistry majors from San Antonio.
Mr. Sutherland persuaded him, for example, to shelve plans to use holographic images, which would make pitchers look three-dimensional.
''The odds are we're really running at about a $9 billion trade deficit per month rather than the $7 billion for December,'' said Neal M. Soss, chief economist at First Boston.
It was also seen as a Western bulwark when the Soviet Union interested itself nearby in the Horn of Africa.
It was the Phils' first postseason victory in 12 games and it probably was too much to take.
Thus, Marrow-Tech is planning human tests in which it will grow only the lower layer, the dermis, along with some of the patient's epidermal tissue.
Then he says, ''I could not go on.''
Mr. Charnin, Mr. Strouse, Mr. Meehan, Ms. Loudon, Mr. Mitchell and Ms. Aldredge also took Tony honors.
The Rabbi began using the Anglicized pseudonym "Michael King" in 1962 -- mostly as a lark, he said.
Time will be needed for the economic embargo to take effect.
In 1967 she was elected to the board of the National Trust for Historic Preservation, a group established by Congress to preserve historic houses.
''Ron Klaus Wrecked His House,'' a song from the 1988 album ''Craps,'' told the story of one of Mr. Goffrier's former bandmates.
Perhaps most important, the fiber-optic network still has to be installed.
He resists for a while because his own reservation has been exploited.
What should the deer do, go to Waldbaum's?
At the center is a giant statue of Thomas A. Edison.
''Our Country's Good'' is similar to Ms. Wertenbaker's other dramas spun from literary precedent - the title comes from an 18th-century newspaper reporter's fabricated story about the Australian performance of ''The Recruiting Officer.''
An increasing number of women who undergo mastectomies are having breast reconstruction using wedges of fat from their abdomens, buttocks or thighs, doctors say.
The official said there were important differences between the training a military police officer like Captain Bray receives and that given combat officers.
Pittsburgh had developed a reputation for beating top-level opponents and losing to lesser teams, until this season.
Mr. Nono's most recent works include a third opera, ''Prometeo,'' and ''La Nostalgica-Futura,'' a 45-minute work for violin, tape and electronics.
''Nobody wants to get ensnarled in it.''
It is a swell show and I still say, to paraphrase an old barroom ballad, 'anything I can do, you can do better.'
Moscow voted with Washington in yesterday's Security Council meeting.
''I could have married the two plans, but everybody wanted a clean vote on this.''
Because the town's former insurance carrier, Nationwide Insurance, refused to pay the costs -- arguing that its policy did not cover the claim -- North Salem borrowed the $780,000 needed and is suing the carrier to recover its costs.
A revamped system would also allow banks to conduct business nationwide and expand into areas banned by existing law, especially the Glass-Steagall Act, like underwriting securities, selling insurance and operating mutual funds.
The Government's freeze on the General's overseas bank accounts has enabled his lawyers to assert that he was being denied access to money he needs to finance an adequate defense.
In the second meeting, a routine reunion of intelligence officers, participants reportedly cheered when a junior officer interrupted with news of the slayings.
As a movie, ''Bagdad Cafe'' was a genial study of oddball characters, almost as if William Saroyan's ''Time of Your Life'' were transplanted West to an isolated setting in the Mojave Desert.
In addition, the Japanese Finance Minister, Ryutaro Hashimoto, issued a statement today saying he was very much concerned by the market's drop and the weakening yen.
Investigators briefed Detective Wustenhoff's wife, Francine, about the case, the official said, and she told the police that she was aware of her husband's affair but believed that it had ended a year ago.
The Securities and Exchange Commission is objecting to some prescient trading in Contel options, another reminder of the good old days.
The Washington Bullets, the last-place team in the Atlantic Division, halted the Detroit Pistons' 10-game winning streak, 94-83.
ASTROS 2, CARDINALS 1 HOUSTON (AP) - Glenn Wilson drove in the decisive run in the eighth inning as Houston won for the sixth time in nine games after ending a 2-14 skid.
The island's official numbers are bad enough.
And Japan still voluntarily curbs exports of its cars to the United States, out of fear that the United States might reimpose those earlier restrictions.
But at lower doses the chemicals may not kill or irritate cells and so will be harmless.
Citing an ''unresolvable'' potential conflict with a client, Mexicana Airlines, the J. Walter Thompson Company has withdrawn from the competition for the Continental Airlines account.
France's Foreign Minister, Roland Dumas, was more categoric, saying: ''There are no more obstacles preventing a united Germany from being re-established in its sovereignty by the end of the year.''
Nautilus museum between 1946 and 1957.
Howitzers From Brooklyn Mr. Florio's birthplace, Brooklyn, played a significant role in the inaugural.
First and second alternates were Jennifer Lynn Ryder, 17, of Fresno, Calif., and Sean Eric McGuire, 18, of San Antonio.
The Nets share space in the record books for the most consecutive road losses with the 1953-54 Baltimore Bullets.
The review process started July 1, and so far only 77,000 former prisoners have been rehabilitated in the Czech lands.
''From a sense of national responsibility and to make possible a broad base for decisive and effective actions by the government to be formed, we want to create a coalition as broad as possible,'' Mr. de Maiziere said.
"People still look at us as a good-old-boy network who sit around the armory drinking coffee and playing cards," said First Lieut.
I think we have a responsibility there.''
The decision came amid concerns over an Ebola virus strain detected in shipments of laboratory monkeys from three Philippines importers.
''It amazes me how much faulty academic performance parents will allow from their children before they consult with the school,'' said Dr. James Egan, a child psychiatrist and a clinical professor of psychiatry at George Washington University in Washington.
Ms. Finley wants people to respond viscerally, actively to the horrors she feels.
"The levels were down only slightly for September and October," he said.
In an AVM, shown at left, the arteries (red shading to violet) are connected to veins (blue) without intervening capillaries.
These include native columbine, great bellflower, foxglove and flowering raspberry (Rubus odoratus).
Mr. Sisulu told an acquaintance that the situation was even worse than he had expected.
But when it re-emerged from behind Venus, controllers failed to detect its signal immediately.
He added that A.T.& T. had no particular bank in mind and might charter a new one.
''Still, Jews played a large part in opening doors that had been closed to blacks,'' he said.
''We won't have problems with Captain Hazelwood in the future and other master mariners will take notice of this.''
Next, when the breeze from the south makes its fleeting visit, the wind chimes someone has hung on her fire escape set up their eerie tinkle.
It will be composed of two processors housed in separate cabinets to insure that there is no single point of failure in the system.
"One is trade policies in the context of protection of the environment," he said.
And when Mr. De Palma read the upbeat, happy-ending first draft that Warner Brothers executives had commissioned from the screenwriter and playwright Michael Cristofer, the director insisted that they at least try to film something more closely resembling the novel.
In ''Dallas'' money was a tool, a way of keeping score.
told them of the sheik's presence, Ms. Novidvorski said.
The tobacco industry is one of the most profitable in the world.
Heating oil prices will also rise sharply, and the effect of higher prices will continue to ripple through the economy, experts said.
That condition, though legally accurate, has been the main source of the current dispute.
About 9 P.M. on Labor Day, while walking with her old New York University roommate up the west side of Broadway from 98th Street, Ms. Geller noticed her wallet missing from the pouch strapped around her waist.
The best-known example of what the legislation's restrictions would prevent is the fire at Hub Recycling in Newark last year.
First, with the Rams still ahead by 5-4, the Jaguars' Bob Filotei led off with a bunt down the third-base line that the Fordham pitcher, Jay Hutchinson, fielded.
''I wouldn't do anything different,'' Teufel said.
Performed in concert by the Opera Orchestra of New York, Eve Queler, conductor; Yale Russian Chorus, David Marc Finley, director; New York Choral Society, John Daly Goodwin, director.
Chrysler claims to be the world leader in air-bag production, and all of its American-made cars now have a bag in the hub of the steering wheel.
Investigators said today that a bullet recovered from Mr. Stuart's body did not match the .38-caliber bullets that killed his wife.
But we do believe that the threat of a long prison term and the risk of personal financial loss will have a deterrent effect on individuals who may be considering defrauding a federally insured bank or thrift in the future.
The President's efforts to shape debate over NATO strategy are likely to be challenged from political pressures yet to come.
He also said he thought it unlikely that other frequently mentioned possible causes -yachtsmen emptying sewage overboard or a large number of Canada geese droppings -were the source of the sewage balls.
The new President of the Russian Republic, Boris N. Yeltsin has vowed to oppose it and promote an alternative program focusing on mass denationalization of industry.
''When he sees somebody sick, he wants to be a doctor.''
It was a mammoth shot to right that Strawberry watched but did not bother pursuing.
Mr. Barnard said the shake-up may send a signal that Sears is contemplating some big change, like a spinoff of its retailing group.
The north tube of the Lincoln Tunnel is being closed during off-peak hours five nights a week for the next two years to undergo the first major rehabilitation since it was opened in 1945.
The $10 note has a portrait of Samuel P. Chase, Lincoln's Secretary of the Treasury, while the $20 note shows Lincoln's portrait and curiously a seige mortar, one of the few indications that these were actually a type of war bond.
In addition, such settlements would end the lottery-like process in which victims with similar injuries can receive wildly varying compensation depending on how, where and when their cases are handled.
It's like the story of Christ, two little fish and five loaves of bread to feed oh so many.''
Why didn't Mr. Burns recognize the thousands of free blacks residing in the South during the war?
Buster was in total command.
Can Mr. Ellis be so naive as not to know this, or is he merely one of the crassest embodiments yet of the most cynical commercialism?
Lawyers for former President Ronald Reagan said today that he would provide videotaped testimony about his role in the Iran-contra affair, the first time since the episode became public that Mr. Reagan has agreed to furnish a detailed public explanation of his actions.
''My brother, five in my family, died in the invasion,'' he said, but quickly added that what made him most sad was ''that one Arab country would invade another.''
'The City Is in Grieving' ''There's a catharsis through which the city is going,'' said Walter Fauntroy, the District of Columbia's delegate to Congress who is now running for Mayor.
Beside the town hall is the Rotovz restaurant, where an excellent meal with a bottle of local wine can be had for about $14.
At their news conference this morning, the two Presidents made much of the relationship they have built, and a few White House officials say they believe that personal chemistry will eventually dissolve the policy stalemate.
Because of the protection and its steep beach, I could dive in from the shore and go snorkeling, floating weightless and warm on the fringes of the tiderip to the far edge of the bay.
Second, this adjustment - while politically popular in the abstract -will not be politically popular in all its particulars.
They want to follow their councils' traditional process of holding long discussions to reach a consensus.
But with proper local planning, the authors of the report say, municipalities in the Hudson River Valley, could provide appropriate economic development and protect open land while creating a l54-mile-long ''greenway,'' a network of preserves and parks with open corridors linking the two and stretching from New York City to Albany.
Sponsors Express Qualms The sponsors include the anti-Stalinist organization Memorial, voter clubs, and several opposition members of the parliament.
According to Ms. Lakich, neon artists now receive substantial commissions: from $5,000 to $200,000.
A study by the state's Commission on Disaster Preparedness said the old wall had a design flaw, and was able to withstand winds of only 45 miles an hour.
Colgate's second-half scoring began with a 27-yard field goal by Rick Brown.
Mr. Ingenito's ingenious device is a mannequin equipped with sensors that show how much air a CPR volunteer is breathing into the inanimate ''patient'' or how much pressure is being exerted on the chest.
"For Congress and a President that can't agree on raising taxes, the beauty of raising money by limiting deductions is that it is very difficult for us to explain to taxpayers what is happening," said Susan J.
"But the better team won."
Another, Maifest Covington (606-491-0458) May 18 to 20, is a street festival that showcases the area's German heritage with German food and music and celebrates the introduction of the first spring wines.
In the process, mainstream politicians like him ''have become irrelevant,'' said Mr. Shah, who is a Muslim.
2 theater owner, which fought hard and unsuccessfully to get "Les Miz," "Phantom" and "Miss Saigon."
But in conversations this week, many Romanians went back even earlier, to one of the country's greatest playwrights, Ion Luca Caragiale, who satirized late 19th century politics and corruption.
''The guy would rather buy a beer than buy a condom,'' Dr. Padayachee said, The Conservative Party and other right-wing groups have exploited AIDS as a racial scare issue.
Whittingham, who is 76 years old, and Desormeaux, who is 19, were also overwhelming choices among all three voting groups.
Intensity and timing of the whistling seem to depend on wind conditions, Mr. Ross said.
''Oil has definitely gone higher, faster than most people expected,'' said Paul D. Mlotok, an energy analyst at Morgan Stanley.
Israelis from nearly every political point of view consider East Jerusalem part of Israel, and Soviet Jews will remain free to move there.
The relief from the total exhaustion is very moving."
''There's a lot more depth and liveliness to the sound,'' he said.
Moreover, there are serious risks and uncertainties surrounding the present infrastructure and its ability to deliver up to 3.5 million barrels a day as projected at present.
This is an election year for Senator Helms, and he will surely be beating up on the N.E.A.
His voice quavering, the usually spirited Congressman reflected haltingly and somberly about his mistakes and about his homosexuality, which he publicly acknowledged three years ago.
The rest of the 2,244 members in the full Parliament were not recorded as voting.
Reservations can be made with Donna Brunstad Associates, 25 Sylvan Road South, Westport, Conn. 06880 (800-468-2546 or 203-454-9780).
The success of this six-month-old effort is even more impressive considering it occupies a space that has seen two higher-priced flops in the past three years, Mosaico and 24 Fifth Avenue.
That would be consistent with Los Angeles as I know it.
Only four other golfers broke the Bethesda Country Club course's par of 71: Sue Ertl, Tina Hull, Cathy Johnston and Nancy Brown.
Oklahoma (3-0) threw 25 passes, 6 short of the school record set in 1938, and its 12 completions were 3 short of the school mark set three times.
The scene is of a nightmarish cave, of great uranium magma oozings solidified into what workers already are nicknaming "elephant's feet" of deadly radioactive permanence.
He made it easy for everybody, particularly in the eighth, after Jefferies had twice double-pumped and made bad decisions with runners on third base.
Timing Is Everything Matching medical treatments to the body's rhythms may improve therapy for several diseases, researchers say.
NASSAU SYMPHONY The Nassau Symphony Orchestra begins its new year Saturday by mixing Great Neck's Morton Gould, represented by ''Columbia Broadsides,'' with Mozart and Mussorgsky.
His wife, Nanuli, is a former journalist.
We're equally short of nurses.''
The recent days of improvement have given the family hope, but their despair remains.
West African troops evacuated 1,000 people today from the mansion of the country's slain President, but two members of the five-nation peacekeeping force said they were reconsidering their role.
Appropriate that on this street of tall houses, overlooking the tree-shaded alleys and tombs, should have lived Simone de Beauvoir, always separately from Jean-Paul Sartre, to be finally united with him in their joint grave.
But to Mr. Lucas's dismay, the sound systems in most theaters robbed many audiences of the full sonic experience; some even obscured crucial dialogue.
Faced with the awful reality of her friend Steven's terminal illness, Caroline begins to feel that retreating into art may in fact be nothing but an exquisite form of betrayal.
Yet, perhaps surprisingly, with talk of German reunification now stirring bitter memories of World War II throughout Europe, the story of Tulle is not that of a town where the wounds of the Nazi occupation remain open, where anti-German feelings have festered on for almost half a century.
Rolling screens, which can be raised and lowered on a pulley system, can be ordered.
As originally written, it required the revocation of a bank's charter upon conviction of money laundering.
''He can't beat me,'' he concluded.
Mrs. Chamorro's advisers hope to pass new legislation providing broad tax incentives and even direct aid to Nicaraguans living in exile so that they can return.
Mr. Ray contended that Mr. Barry ''just wanted to embarrass the Council, to get back at us'' for turning down a tax proposal.
Still, Parcells said an increased role for Hostetler would not mean less confidence in Simms.
A. BERLE Albany, June 12, 1990
Patrick Flatley, who overcame knee surgery to become the Islanders' highest-scoring forward last season, has re-signed with the club.
At our firm, for example, we are about to welcome our fourth class of summer interns.
Without being scolded into practicing or, later, being implored to perform, more and more adults are taking piano lessons, sometimes vying with their own children for time spent on practicing.
Blacks and other economically disadvantaged groups are often more vulnerable to economic downturns.
Mr. King had performed before Mr. Charles, and during his set all the concert's glaring problems made themselves clear.
''Anybody can be a lunatic.
In voting for the resolution, the Supervisors gave the Mayor until Aug. 1 to have his request approved.
The man, James Calvin Brady, was charged with one count of murder and four counts of aggravated assault after the shooting, at the Perimeter Mall, on the northern edge of the city.
Jordan had 5 points, an assist and a key steal down the stretch, leading the visiting Bulls to their fourth victory in a row and 10th in their last 12 games.
A volunteer is at the front of the room.
RA G. C. THOMAS Milwaukee, Sept. 24, 1990 The writer's most recent book is ''Energy and Security in the Industrializing States'' (Lexington, Ky., 1990).
On the surface, all looks well indeed, and for many it is.
Prime Minister de Maiziere says Sept. 15 would be too soon, and Chancellor Kohl apparently agrees.
The ProStretch base looks like a half-wheel.
But if Social Security is taken out of the calculation, the deficit would be put at $204 billion.
The Astros have to sign Davis to a lucrative multiyear contract or face losing him as a free agent after next season.
1 employer in any given year -- is making 30 percent of the radar-absorbing tank camouflage for Operation Desert Shield.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.
Ignoring God's commandments, we violate the image of God in others and ourselves, accept lies as truth, exploit neighbor and nature, and threaten death to the planet entrusted to our care.
But the Soviet Foreign Minister, Eduard A. Shevardnadze, said force should only be used with the specific authorization of the United Nations Security Council.
Although it doesn't offer the amenities of the Downtown club, Morty Michaels, one of the range's co-owners, said he welcomes the competition.
They were followed by the Dutch, Canadians, West Germans and French.
''Lockheed is disappointed by the Navy's action,'' said Daniel M. Tellep, the company's chairman.
In one room in the Wei-Robinson match West's overcall of one spade ended the auction.
He doubts the telescope will see objects even as large as Jupiter around other stars.
Lawmakers hailed what they characterized as a breakthrough in setting stricter standards and in establishing new timetables for sharply cutting chemical contamination in the air.
But requests for details about the amount of milk available, and the amount given to babies in individual feeds, met with awkward silences.
In our own time, New York City, like Paris, will probably yield little ground as a pre-eminent dance center simply because choreographers thrive amid their peers in a dance community that has educated its public.
The Governor said he would accept the Assembly figures.
''But there's an increasing use of these as part of severance agreements.
We gave them every detail, what he would be wearing, the time of day, just where he would be.''
And they rushed more shots.
''It gives a whole new meaning to the term Sweetheart City,'' said a police corporal, Al Sharon.
Jackson's statistics dropped in almost every category last season -minutes played, field-goal percentage, rebounds, assists, steals and scoring average.
It also required a great effort to avoid the vulgarity of obscenity.
Mr. Bonaparte, a specialist in marketing newsprint, joined Boise Cascade in 1963 and retired three years ago.
Liberal deputies speculated afterward that Communist Party hard-liners had instigated the attack on Mr. Gorbachev as a warning, but Mrs. Umalatova said she had not consulted with anyone before taking the podium.
That would leave Labor ministers in office during the transition to whatever new Government is formed.
An overseas relative agreed to provide financial support, and the young man resigned his job in order to get Government permission to leave.
that the songs of the rap group 2 Live Crew contain ''quintessentially black'' lyrics.
At the time, he was the subject of a corruption investigation, and on Thursday his separate trial begins on state charges of labor racketeering.
William James Burrud, a television producer and narrator of nature shows and travelogues, died Thursday at his home in Sunset Beach, Calif., after a heart attack.
In many of their last 10 games, the Knicks have been unable to protect fourth-quarter leads or execute their offense in the closing minutes.
''Have you been to Louisiana?''
Mr. Roberts described himself in a recent interview as a traditional Southern Democrat.
Until recent times, only the top blue-chip companies issued such paper, but many lesser names have begun issuing such debt and paying attractive interest rates because they have been unable or unwilling to borrow money from banks.
Politicians and consultants of both parties said last night that Mr. Bradley's extremely cautious campaign, which dealt with none of the anxiety of voters facing the prospect of higher taxes and war, was a severe miscalulation.
''We didn't send out letters until May 9 and in less than three weeks we got $8,000.
Some of the earliest Chalone wines, when they can be found, are worth more than famous Bordeaux of similar age.
The Tar Heels were in the game early, close at halftime and right there early in the second half.
We contained him and we still lost.
Robert Ginell, professor emeritus of chemistry at Brooklyn College, died on July 10 at St. Joseph's Hospital in Baltimore.
I spied a solo teen-ager sitting at a corner table having an expensive meal.
Now people are far less tempted to read.
No disrespect intended, but a majority of them were cheering for Denver even though their host had played four seasons with San Francisco in the 1980's.
Dance was central not just to ''A Chorus Line'' but to Bob Fosse's 1978 ''Dancin','' which did away with plot entirely and simply offered a lavish dance revue in Mr. Fosse's steamy, slithery jazz-dance style.
And that was not much more than a year after he was forced to resign as Defense Minister, blamed for the horrors of the Lebanon war.
It also enables her to avoid what she considers the trap of the formula sitcom.
Richie Phillips, a lawyer who directs the umpires' union, disputed contentions that his umpires were more aggressive.
Emigre Plan Fails Mr. Sheymov also said that the K.G.B.
Talk about a jelly doughnut without the jelly.
Earlier this month, residents gathered at the duck for the annual Christmas wreath-draping and lighting ceremony.
In the last two years Mr. Milosevic has made his wrath known about suspected opponents by having them dismissed.
13 Catarina Lind-qvist of Sweden, No.
2), the two works before intermission.
In a televised debate on Feb. 7, all three Democratic candidates were asked if they had ever used illegal drugs.
They say that declining output in the Soviet Union and United States, growing demand in East Asia and production limits in the Persian Gulf could lead to much higher costs.
As for the vital lesson about engineering that Mr. Petroski keeps trying to teach us through the example of the pencil, this can be summed up by any one of a dozen of his gnomic statements: ''There is no such thing as pure engineering - making a perfect pencil, whether in the artifact or in the abstract - for that would be nothing but irresponsibility or mere hobby.
''I cannot predict the shape or even the likelihood of a new bases agreement between our two countries,'' the United States chief negotiator, Richard L. Armitage, said at a news conference after the talks ended.
Grilled chicken is nicely charred and served with Chinese cabbage, shiitake mushrooms and blanched fennel.
''I wasn't disruptive,'' she said.
''But only the advertising is off the wall.''
Pilots may be reluctant to formally declare an emergency, both out of a sense of pride and because of the paperwork that follows.
It may cost $1 billion to develop the next generation of machines, which create line images measured in billionths of an inch and involve X-ray technology.
doorman, large sunken living room, wraparound terrace; maintenance $965, 65% tax-deductible (Broker: Carnegie Hill Properties) Chelsea$425,000 224 West 23d Street 1-bedroom, 1 1/2-bath, 1,500-sq.-ft. prewar duplex penthouse co-op in a loft building; dining area, fireplace, sauna, high ceilings, 800-sq.-ft. terrace; maintenance $564, 30% tax-deductible (Broker: Debra Kameros Co.) Greenwich Village $1.25 million 112 West 13th Street 3-family, 4-story brownstone; 2 bedrooms, 2 baths, dining room, terrace in primary unit; 1 bedroom, 1 bath in others; fireplace in each; garden, 20- by 103-ft. lot; taxes $9,418 (Broker: Kingman Associates) TriBeCa $522,500 100 Hudson Street 4-bedroom, 2-bath, 2,000-sq.-ft. postwar co-op; elevator, dining room, high ceilings, oak-strip floors, three exposures; maintenance $1,390, 40% tax-deductible (Broker: Sinvin Realty) Upper East Side $367,500 404 East 79th Street (Hampton House) 2-bedroom, 2-bath, 975-sq.-ft. postwar condo; 24-hr.
Robert Sweeney, an American who has lived in South Korea for more than 20 years.
Even some boys compete, ''but peer pressure keeps most of them out,'' Mr. Walker said.
Mr. Rockefeller's group has not said how much the Senator's suggestion would cost.
offered a series of pension plan changes, including early retirement incentives for at least 20,000 workers.
Congress officials say they will also discuss what role Mr. Mandela is to play in the organization - he currently has no formal position - as well as debating the future of the group's commitment to armed struggle, the suspension or modification of which has been increasingly urged by foreign governments and South African churchmen.
Despite the company's efforts to minimize its problem, the stock market's nervousness over the health scare was apparent today, with trading in Perrier shares briefly suspended this morning when sellers outnumbered buyers.
Revenue totaled $703.8 million in the first quarter, compared with $704.9 million the year before.
Awards in the competition, which was sponsored by the New York AIA chapter, were presented in three categories, based on design, process and execution.
''More of the same will not bring the results we need.''
Suspecting at least a modicum of self-interest in this intelligence, we decided to find out firsthand.
He suggests that evolution has provided them with ways of avoiding being too closely monitored by men, for example, by giving no clue of when they are fertile.
Prosecutors said Mr. Berry had used the dog to protect a crop of marijuana plants in his backyard.
review of the milk hormones for alleged improprieties, further documents the contamination of milk and the gross inadequacies of F.D.A.
For instance, on the ''Mathnet'' section, Jack Webb-like Kate Monday and her naive but smart partner, George Frankly, make mistakes but learn from them.
During the leadership of Jomo Kenyatta, Kenya's first President, he was appointed to a senior position in the now-defunct East African Community of Kenya, Uganda and Tanzania.
The raids have resulted in the discovery of 36 illegal aliens, 17 criminal arrests and 19 seizures of evidence like gambling receipts, narcotics and firearms, Mr.
What accounts for the drop in non-Mexican arrests?
World Women -- Soviet Union.
5 in Western Europe, just behind Ford, has been drawing lots of kudos -- and customers -- in the last couple of years for its new cars, including its Calibra sports coupe and a midsize car sold as the Opel Vectra on the Continent and the Vauxhall Cavalier in Britain.
Hampstead is a village of dreams gazing down loftily on the City of London from its hillside perch, about three miles away to the northeast.
Now, he said, officers who want to work on their marksmanship will save time, ''because they won't have to go all the way out to the range.''
With your system, I do not want to become a farmer, because if anything happens - say Colorado beetles ruin my potatoes - then you can say I am a bad guy and I lose my farm.''
The four-year-old company is 38 percent owned by CIBA-Geigy, the Swiss chemicals giant that supplies its polymers; 27 percent by venture capitalists and its founders, and 35 percent by public shareholders who can trade its stock on the Vancouver Exchange.
On the interior side, this ''ideal'' window can mimic the mechanical functions of window treatments electronically (a cost savings).
Safety 'Incredibly Far Off' ''Those machines are very far off our own regulations and requirements,'' said a safety expert at the Nuclear Energy Agency, an agency of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development.
The march route was lined by 2,000 uniformed police officers.
''I played with Stravinsky and knew him well.
Or maybe Berrie Hiller who last week tied the knot with Arthur Schuyler.
Hedge said he hoped to ''keep something happening at the theater,'' but not if it is going to result in problems like that.
He was crossing the street Sunday afternoon in his aunt's East New York neighborhood when he was caught in an exchange of gunfire between a passing motorist and a man on the sidewalk.
Using specific examples, they were shown how policy documents move through the bureaucracy to the President's desk, he said.
We ask the Jews of the world to forgive us,'' - The East German Parliament in a declaration.
Mr. Chissano complained after the second session that Renamo was demanding mediators rather than observers, but diplomats and other officials said the talks seemed promising.
Edited by Betty Sue Flowers.
His third wife, who is 41, was recently quoted by The Associated Press as saying they had ''a magnificent life.''
All-Quiet Front Of the Cold War Farmers sow their crops right up to the edge of the fences that surround the missile sites scattered across remote Kimball County, Neb., and parts of neighboring Colorado and Wyoming.
Their officers were my enemy, but not these boys.
He said the Warsaw Pact should evolve instead into a consultative committee with no common army.
''I will be eligible for one or two years and Cy not at all,'' Mr. Stasior said.
Jenny Morgenthau, executive director of the Fresh Air Fund, said the sessions help the youngsters see that staying in school is vital to realizing a career goal - something they may not see in their everyday world.
Eighty percent of African cinema comes from such former French colonies as Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Ivory Coast, Mali and Senegal.
Long skirts were wrapped around the body like makeshift aprons and held together by pins in back.
Both of these giant manufacturers have families of color-print films that include members with different levels of saturation.
It is a mark of how little this "Nutcracker" is needed that the film works best when it strays furthest from its original sources.
The Bank of New England Corporation signed an agreement to sell about $1 billion of the loan portfolio of its communications lending group to the Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce.
The new evidence, which is circumstantial, centers on the detonator for the Pan Am bomb, part of which has been recovered by Scottish workers who walked over 800 square miles of rural countryside looking for crash debris.
''Congress and the President's pronouncements will have no impact on Saddam's policy.
Egyptian and Moroccan troops began arriving today.
Hancock's Missa Resurrectionis, Bairstow's ''Sing Ye to the Lord'' and works by Tye, Batten, Byrd and Weelkes, 8 and 11 A.M. Works by Rose, Stanford and Britten; 3 P.M.; Gerre Hancock, organist and choirmaster.
Ms. Cirillo is counting on voter approval of a 1/2-cent sales tax on the November ballot.
To the Editor: Regarding Nancy Sharkey's article "Cutting the Cost of Car Rentals" (Practical Traveler, Sept. 9): I recently rented a car for nine days.
Rodale Press grew out of the ideas of J. I. Rodale, who grew up in New York City but became passionately devoted to the science of agriculture.
Mr. Shikanai is the chairman of the prize's organizing committee and vice chairman of the Japan Art Association.
As Stern picks up clues about his wife's extracurricular activity, he also proceeds, at a glacial pace, to try to find out what happened to her money.
PERCHED on scaffolding in a third-floor gallery at the Newark Museum, Phuntsok Dorje is painting blue lotuses and flaming jewels on a Tibetan Buddhist altar.
The National is controlled by Emilio Azcarraga, who owns the Mexican media company Televisa.
But the high price will not deter those who live in The Pines, Mr. Hart maintained.
After rubbing it in, immediately wash it and the softened paint out with soap and water and rinse with plain water.
The rate on 90-day bills was unchanged at 7.43 percent; six-month bills rose 4 basis points, or hundredths of a percentage point, to 7.31 percent, and the one-year bills gained 7 basis points, at 7.19 percent.
Cover and simmer for 10 minutes.
Denies He Knew of Invasion In the interview, he denied an often-published assertion that he had advance knowledge of the invasion and had taken part in a vain attempt to form a government that would have provided Moscow with a predated ''invitation'' to invade.
He was the 11th person killed by the New York City police this year.
Now the U.S. seems so frustrated with Mr. Shamir that it might prefer a Labor-led government.
FIELDY SLIPS THROUGH TO WIN Fieldy found an opening in the late stretch and shot through to win the Joe Namath Handicap by three-quarters of a length Saturday at Gulfstream Park.
Blaming the United States for a rebel attack on Cuban troops in Angola, Havana said today that it was temporarily suspending its troop withdrawal.
But the Kansas senator faces formidable opposition from lawmakers such as Senator Byrd and Senator Sam Nunn, the Georgia Democrat who heads the Armed Services Committee and who argues that vital American security interests would be threatened if a resolution offensive to Turkey is approved.
Between Sept. 13 and Oct. 6, attendance reached a record high of 73,000 as 23 groups - nearly all of them American - performed on stage or in spaces without a proscenium.
The most significant drop was the disappearance of 8.1 percent of the daytime audience in February.
There is no doubt that AIDS has quashed some of the abandon that Saturday night both symbolized and contained - not just in gay nightclubs, but in all bars and clubs and parties.
is a sign of his disaffected life.
Ratings * Anaheim, Calif.'s general-obligation bond rating has been increased to Aa-1, from Aa, by Moody's.
A company that can't lose thinks longer term and can afford higher risks.
''I recall Volodya, a fine young architect who suddenly quit,'' Mr. Klimenko said.
Mr. Hawkins wanted any such ceiling to apply only to small businesses, arguing that large corporations ought to be made to pay severely for maliciously denying individuals their civil rights.
CBS stock jumped 5 5/8, to 175 1/2.
Before joining the Doobie Brothers, Mr. McDonald was briefly a member of Steely Dan.
This well-programmed musical trek emphasizes the continuity of the world's traditions and encourages listeners to make their own connections.
''We know he's a major league pitcher if he's sound,'' Connors said.
Place the board over each stud location and, where necessary, slide wedges behind the strips until they are aligned vertically.
The phone number is (914) 592-5375, and the hours are noon to 11 P.M. Monday to Friday, 11 A.M. to 11 P.M. Saturday, and noon to 9 P.M. Sunday.
But while the fertility rates in developed countries remain very low -- 1.3 in Italy and 1.6 in Japan -- the prophets of gloom have disappeared.
Shares of Healthco rose 25 cents today, to $16.75, in over-the-counter trading.
Not so the margarine warning.
Mr. Fleisher and Mr. Schuller had only a slight acquaintance, but out of their collaboration may come a bonus.
White cell growth factors proved capable of shortening the nadir period to about 10 days, reducing the number of infections by half and hastening discharges by two weeks or more.
In 1985, he said, he was approached by Roy Johnson, an executive with Drexel's junk bond division, who told him that he might get a ''lucrative job'' at First Investors.
The burden will have to fall on middle- and upper-income taxpayers.
Mr. Costello called the cutbacks unfortunate.
Scolding From a Judge Judge I. Leo Glasser, who fined Mr. Beatty $24,000, told Mr. Beatty that he had betrayed the public trust, ''shattering the dreams of the people in the community who adored you.''
But as the film progresses, and its evidence of oppression mounts, Valerka's acts of rebellion become more bold.
Burmese soldiers today cordoned off monasteries in Mandalay, the country's second-largest city, after the military Government threatened to disband Buddhist groups whose members are refusing to minister to soldiers.
And, at a time when the edge of the world has become as close as a fax transmission away, it is imperative that at least a part of that education be the learning of a foreign language.
A Federal district judge in Reading, Pa., today struck down several provisions of a restrictive abortion law that was enacted in Pennsylvania last year with the intention that it become a vehicle for the Supreme Court to reconsider the issue of abortion.
She said the plan in no way meant that Harvard did not intend to hire more minority faculty members when they could be recruited.
More than a dozen years ago, the writer Ralph Ellison described a young man in Harlem who had decked himself out with great hauteur.
''We will enter the National Assembly as an opposition that will confront the Communist Party with its crimes, and insist that it take responsibility for everything it has done under its rule,'' vowed Zhelyu Zhelev, head of the Union of Democratic Forces, before a crowd of about 50,000 people who gathered to protest the election results.
In notes for a law lecture in 1850, Lincoln said: "There is a vague popular belief that lawyers are necessarily dishonest.
There have been friendly unions between utilities, but this first hostile deal has shaped up as a classic ''barbarian'' battle.
Resorts said it expected the sale of its Paradise Island properties to generate between $250 million and $300 million.
To produce their book, ''And Their Children After Them'' (Pantheon), ''we decided to go back and find the descendants of the people in Agee and Evans's book, and we found 128, nearly all of them,'' he said.
A New Mexican specialty is to serve them stuffed with a variety of savories.
In the downtown performance-art world from which Ms. Magnuson and many of the other performers in the series emerged, there may be less money in making art than there is in film or television, but there are no constraints on the imagination.
But as the world leaders began filling the stands, they discovered that there was no Namibian security, so they insisted that their guards stay.
And, a tax that could eat into profits on securities trades and undermine confidence in jittery stock and bond markets might be unwise right now - so Wall Street hopes.
Other members include YEHUDI MENUHIN, GRAHAM GREENE and SIDNEY NOLAN, the artist.
Their clue to her whereabouts is a picture of a woman who bears a remarkable resemblance to Amelia Earhart and, indeed, is Amelia Earhart, though they don't know it.
But the message for American diplomats seemed in the end to be ambiguous, with the United States getting its way against Cuba but unable to do so against China.
One example is an appetizer of wild-mushroom-and-leek ravioli, a harmonious combination, I think.
On hot days, the restaurant looks like the Chinatown Dairy Queen.
The Huskies stayed within striking distance until they went scoreless for almost four minutes as Indiana turned a 76-67 lead into an 86-67 lead with 4:23 to play.
''late in the game, I went with No.
Dr. Hatch said her team was completing analyses of the effects of radiation emissions on pregnancy, comparing women living in the Harrisburg area with a control group in upstate New York.
Two firefighters died Sunday night when the fire grew sharply because of winds gusting to 60 miles an hour.
My husband, an Italian by nationality, has been looking forward to returning to certain Venetian restaurants that he has thoroughly researched.
I need time to get my feet on the ground.''
''By selling some of the pieces we could demonstrate the value of this stream of earnings from our investment subsidiaries,'' Mr. Jenrette said.
Rent control has only produced housing shortages, housing deterioration and condo conversions, which have mainly harmed the poor - especially lower-income minorities - in whose name the laws were enacted.
Will we put our resources where our mouths are?
The lawyer persuaded the judge to give him time to go to an appellate court next week to request an order for Mr. Spodek to remain free during an appeal.
Mr. Barrett has also argued in the last year that a financially healthy state party would attract a viable gubernatorial candidate.
At North Shore University Hospital in Manhasset, L.I., doctors treated a 1-year-old and a 2-year-old for facial cuts and minor head injuries, a hospital spokeswoman, Joan Roy, said.
Such caution has been echoed by senior members of the ruling Liberal Democratic Party and by bureaucrats who do not want Tokyo to spend money in the area.
Low-Key Response The low-key response by officials here is in keeping with the Soviet leadership's basic approach has taken to the question of German reunification.
"Most people think of alpaca as ethnic-looking patterned sweaters," said the 40-year-old designer, who was born in Bolivia and studied fashion in Paris.
In addition to conducting, Mr. Schuller had reconstructed the 135-minute work, which was composed over a 30-year period by Mingus, who died in 1979.
When the key reversal was established, ''the market just fed on itself,'' said Anne Frick, a senior analyst with Prudential-Bache in New York.
His father retired as a senior vice president of the Dyn Corporation, formerly Dynalectron Corporation, a diversified heavy-construction firm in McLean, Va.
The Senate vote, 89 to 10, means the legislation now goes to the White House, which has indicated that President Bush will sign it.
Governor Waihee, the first native Hawaiian to govern the islands since Queen Liliuokalani was forced to abdicate in 1893, the last year of the Hawaiian monarchy, said some provisions should be made to allow religious worship in the forest.
Today two quite different trains still use the name: the Venice Simplon-Orient-Express, a privately run train with a limited schedule between London, Paris, Venice and Vienna; and the Orient Express running daily between Bucharest, Budapest, Vienna and Paris.
Still, the stifled enthusiasm and the stiff demeanor of most of the performers lent an air of restraint where some good old-fashioned operatic excess was perhaps in order.
Johnson implied that the break with King would be sealed by a buyout.
Franklin C. Snyder, a director of the Hearst Corporation and former general manager of Hearst Broadcasting, died Saturday at Presbyterian University Hospital of complications from a stroke.
During a recent photo session, he was offered a chance to prove it.
Long Lines at Consulates "There were very high expectations created by the Joint Declaration that have not been met, but I think some of those expectations were unrealistic," said George Baeder, director of the Pacific Rim Consulting Group in Hong Kong.
My family and I have always stayed at the following: Springfield Guest House, Post Office Box 41, Roseau, Dominica; 809-449-1401.
Chuck Hildreth, who won a gold medal in the World Disabled Championships, skis without poles.
California, Colorado and Oklahoma have passed limits on how long politicians may serve, and similar measures are being considered elsewhere.
''Fanfare'' shows Mr. Robbins in his opera-house mood, creating spectacle with the full panopoly of a major classical ballet company.
The magazine said that Mr. Castro, on Sept. 28, 1973, in Havana, had claimed that Dr. Allende, while advancing toward army troops firing his own weapon, had been struck by a bullet in the stomach, another in the chest, and had finally died in a hail of bullets.
COLCHESTER -- Evergreen Acres, 537-2019.
''We're not scared; we're angry,'' said Howard Schneider, vice president of the Zeta Beta Tau fraternity, which has been the target of several acts of vandalism.
The departing Mines Minister, Mario Samame Boggio, may have inadvertently been speaking in broader terms when he said recently in reference to the drought that ''if it doesn't rain in November, when the rainy season normally begins, the only thing that remains is to join the procession of Our Lady of Miracles and pray.''
Pirates of the Caribbean, Mr. Sehlinger says, is engineered to move large crowds in a hurry.
Righetti now has the most saves in major league history by a left-handed relief pitcher since saves became an official statistic in 1969.
Mr. Schoen, 36, ran unsuccessfully for a Queens Congressional seat in 1983.
''In 1984, he was just beginning and probably would not have made an Olympic team,'' Franco said.
He emphasized that they would all be going ''as friends.''
Another use of Indian bones in museums is forensic, including the identification of bodies thought to be murder victims, and bringing their assailants to justice.
I was invited to take a position at a hospital, and to earn a living.
The only way Franco Moschino, the Italian designer, could conceivably have come up with his psychedelic orange print shirt, also at Barneys, was to watch a Peter Fonda movie from the 60's on his VCR, freeze-frame at exactly the right moment, and start sketching.
Sales of domestically produced cars fell 6 percent in May, as seven months of sluggish consumer demand showed a faint sign of revival during the last 10 days of the month.
''Masterpiece Theater'' on public television will begin its 20th season tomorrow - at 9 P.M. on Channel 13 and at 10 P.M. on Channel 49 - with a production that, given its stellar list of credits, fails to fully live up to its promise.
"We have never had an electorate as obviously angry as this one," he said.
The deal, for an undisclosed amount of cash, was reached with Pyramid, a real-estate development and investment concern based in Syracuse.
Dr. X, in surgical green, greeted me with a smile and walked me down a hallway.
His successor, Mohammed Abdel-Halim Musa, has said that the change of minister does not mean a change of policy, suggesting that Egypt will continue to crack down hard on violent opponents, including clandestine cells of Islamic militants.
Washington 55, Washington State 10 PULLMAN, Wash. (AP) -- Mark Brunell threw for three touchdowns and rushed for another as the Huskies coasted in a Pac-10 game delayed by an explosives scare.
There are several inns along this country road.
''It is nice to play in your neighborhood.
Whenever I mention panoramas I get bundles of mail.
He was 69 years old and had suffered from spinal cancer.
With room upon room of women hunched over sewing machines, his low-tech factory looks little different from apparel factories in Asia.
In "Para Pablo Ruiz," however, Mr. Sanchez reworks Picasso's "Demoiselle d'Avignon" -- by substituting his own less-logical forms for the master's Cubist anatomy.
Lewis, running in a separate heat, tied Burrell for second place over all in winning his section in 10.23 on the rain-soaked track.
Subsidies to encourage the substitution of nonpolluting gases in air-conditioners, refrigerators and plastic insulation, the Administration suggested, would have to come from the existing resources of the World Bank.
Earlier today, a spokesman for the guerrillas in Lisbon denied that Renamo would hold talks in Malawi.
Dealers' inventories are lower this year, so there has not been as much pressure to offer discounts on unsold models.
''Compared to the Plymouth Acclaim, it has less interior room, a smaller engine, no air bag and costs $1,300 more,'' the announcer says.
An obituary yesterday about a former New York City engineering executive rendered his first name incorrectly.
Finish the recipe as above.
"There are at least 100,000 home computers in the bay area," said Dr. Edward Cranswick, a seismologist at the United States Geological Survey in Golden, Colo. "If just 1 percent of them hooked up into a centralized network, we could get seismological information from where the people live."
Frank P. Barbaro, the lawyer for the plaintiff, Michael C. Denlinger, said he would proceed without the Government's help.
'' Mr. Eisenberg said the union had not dealt with the issue of whether Mr. Pryce was a star but had made a ''moral decision'' to try to create equal casting opportunities for its minority members.
The program, which sells for $149 retail, allows users of I.B.M.
Mr. Halstead reports average asking prices of apartments, but gives no indication if the apartments have sold and how much was received.
Chamberlain long held a grudge against the 76ers.
Since Michael Torke's music has the same structure in every section, each couple's old choreography fit into the fourth section's rhythmic frame.
It was a celebration of lights.
Direct Relief International, Box 30820, Santa Barbara, Calif. 93130-0820.
Of the 400 respondents, 74 percent thought police officers were involved in kidnappings and 73 percent thought lawyers were involved.
Contrast these serene forms with the one truly practical item in the show: a cradle, entitled ''Kraddle,'' by Perry A. Balog of Keyport.
Dr. Alan N. Houghton, chief of clinical immunology service at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in Manhattan, explained that ultraviolet-b radiation is known to be a carcinogen, and thus is likely to play a key role in the initiation of the skin malignancy.
Jamieson, his guide, Charlie Adams, and two canoeists who had been coming down the river joined forces to measure the fish swiftly so it could be returned to the water alive.
Still a minority in Parliament, the National Front relies on the two disparate voting blocks outside the governing coalition, the Bharatiya Janata Party, inspired by Hindu revivalism, and the left, including two Communist parties and other Socialist groups.
The parent company found itself in need of capital as the value of its junk-bond holdings and other securities has plummeted.
There are lines so fine as to be almost imperceptible, and often it is hard to tell where the incised textures end and those effected by paint begin.
The law gave the city the right to take upstate lands and flood them for reservoirs.
Almost all legislation dealing with violence between intimate adult partners remains at the state and local level.
The laws would regulate the advertising, not the use, of recorded music.
''Death of a Dictator'' leaves viewers with the understanding that Romania remains an authoritarian state, run in part by collaborators of the late dictator.
One may also call Costello at (315) 482-5840 or Saiff at (315) 782-3884.
"They are able to see the world in the pluralistic way it is."
"By the time I hit 30, I was thinking about quitting," she said of her darkest time in 1986 and 1987, when she finished 21st and 29th on the money list with a stroke average of nearly 73 strokes a round.
I was immediately entranced by the artistry of that set.
By not forcing some children into a new ritual, you are showing respect for both family traditions.
He is viewed as a cautious leader.
Robert K. Massie, president of the Authors Guild, called the cancellation "a black day," adding, "It's a day the guild has been predicting would come since giant corporations started buying distinguished American publishing houses."
In fact, many now simply avoid the area, choosing movies and restaurants in neighborhoods less battered by cupidity.
Dr. O'Brien, who is the director of a World Health Organization collaborating center for the surveillance of antimicrobial resistance at Brigham and Women's Hospital in Boston, said that there was less control over the appropriate distribution of antibiotics in developing countries than in industrialized nations.
Address questions to Garden News, The New York Times, 229 West 43d Street, New York, N.Y. 10036.
In an interview published in Vienna on the eve of his visit, Mr. Havel questioned the moral value of Western leaders' avoidance of contacts with Mr. Waldheim.
After studying at schools in Petionville, Mrs. Pascal-Trouillot studied law at the Ecole de Droit des Gonaives in the dusty port city of Gonaives, north of Port-au-Prince, where Haiti's independence from France was proclaimed in 1804.
But it is Miss Gielgud, with her self-confessed stubbornness, who has been largely responsible for turning a company demoralized by lack of artistic direction into an ensemble that is a mainstay on the international touring circuit.
Weights that could be repeatedly lifted with each leg increased from about 18 pounds to about 44 pounds.
In their three meetings in which the pitcher failed to put the ball past the hitter for strike three and the hitter failed to put the ball over a wall, the Royals outfielder singled in a run and twice grounded out.
After last year's bloodbath in Tiananmen Square, no one imagines an easy fusion of the two Chinese states any time soon.
Mr. Cantoni said the group wants nothing less than the restoration of the ''former tranquillity'' of the affected communities.
Fact is, whatever the system has been, it seems to be working to everyone's handsome advantage.
I got bored with it, really, with the constant probing.''
''Whatever else, we feel like we're helping to hold this little community together.''
Chappaqua's largest commercial enterprise is the Reader's Digest headquarters, a complex of buildings just east of the Saw Mill River Parkway.
So the fund wants a cut in the Government's deficit, an end to subsidies on staples like petroleum, import liberalization, better tax collection, and tax reform, to help make the Philippines a sounder, more competitive, more export-based economy.
What are the council's views on an overhaul of Connecticut's tax system?
Born around 1880 in Palermo, she lived more or less the narrow, stifling life of her female protagonists, endured the drama of spinsterhood and died of multiple sclerosis in 1944.
They were outrebounded, outhustled and outplayed by the Blue Demons, and trailed throughout.
RANDOLPH NODLAND President National Family Farm Coalition Dunn Center, N.D., June 29, 1990
The symbol of the military-backed National Unity Party is a sheaf of rice stalks.
Srinagar and the surrounding areas of the valley became part of Jammu and Kashmir.
Mr. Tellez, a track-and-field coach, coached CARL LEWIS.
He taught at Amherst and at Whitman College before becoming the William Bittinger Professor at Gettysburg in 1945.
''The Tour's climbs are usually longer than the Giro's but the time trials are the key to winning.
Zenith has trailed the market leader, Thomson's RCA brand, for much of the decade.
He is sensibly noncommittal about an income tax but vague about a program.
Federal environmental officials and the States of New York and Connecticut are in the fifth year of a six-year study on the oxygen-depleted water and pollution from sewage, toxic substances and floating garbage.
A musical tribute to l'chaim, this long-running Broadway show gave Zero Mostel his greatest role as Tevya, the singing-dancing milkman of Anatevka.
There will be special awards for distinguished Bronxites, including Mr. Klein and Mr. Doctorow.
The family meal, the historic underpinning of home economics, has left home.
Although the maneuvers have been carefully planned and will be executed by computerized commands, the final approach will be made by visual and manual controls by the Columbia pilots, Capt.
Judge Keenan asked, ''What am I doing here at 40 Foley Square trying a case involving the theft of money from Philippine banks?''
The musical-comedy duo of Bill Daugherty and Robin Field have stitched two of their cabaret acts into a delightful evening of vaudeville-style pop nostalgia.
First one front leg and then the other rose high, rolled and extended far forward while the horse's rear legs seem to glissade close to the ground in a race to keep up.
Season with salt and pepper to taste and keep warm.
Freshwater fishing license for nonresidents is $30 a year or $15 for seven days.
), from the Raiders in 1988.
''The idea with the Groseilles was to have people acting more like animals than human beings,'' Mr. Chatiliez says.
The biggest commotion came in the third when Greg Gagne of the Twins hit a foul ball into the upper deck in right field.
The Executive version also includes a 32-page ''Getting Started'' booklet, which may be all that experienced users will ever need.
The department stores also are angling for position.
Next day, they discovered that Mel was trying to talk about a secret project named Operation Tocsin.
In his warning against dictatorship, Mr. Shevardnadze undoubtedly meant that some or all of these unhappy elements might combine to impose a new authoritarian regime, no doubt justifying themselves by claiming to "restore order" or "end chaos."
In the circumstances, Mr. Conquest is merely left to dot the i's.
Even though America has ample oil supplies on hand, these giants have decided to take us to the cleaners.''
b-Net income Results are in Canadian funds.
''I know there are things I have to work on.''
"That's not a shoe, brother," he replied, holding it to the light.
Proceeds from admissions will benefit the Jewish Museum in Vienna.
Reviewing "Tilai" in The Times, Caryn James concluded that the film "is the latest evidence that Mr. Ouedraogo is both distinctly African and brilliantly universal."
"My parents always had a tree and stockings on Christmas," she said.
About the shell game first.
Gustavo Torres of the 82d Airborne Division, second from left, was helped by comrades after being slightly wounded by a piece of shrapnel from an artillery shell in a live-fire exercise yesterday Saudi Arabia.
Like many other things in our society, some old ways stubbornly resist change.
So the state chapter of the Abortion Rights Action League endorsed Mr. Avenson on Friday, kicking off an advertising campaign that declares, ''If you want to protect the right to choose, Don Avenson is your choice for Governor.''
Aide Says ''Freddy Jackson figures this is a good way to mix two of the important things in his life: business and religion,'' said David Friedman, Virginia director of the Anti-Defamation League, which is considering a suit.
The Red Army, finishing a four-game tour, was undefeated, and the Flyers, the two-time defending Stanley Cup champions, were known as the Broad Street Bullies for an intimidating style that brought criticism even in the rough-and-tumble N.H.L.
The Europeans want any cuts made since 1986 to be included in calculating the total reductions.
''Once you get past the first blush, it's all downhill from there,'' he said.
''I thought that would be a good complement to a white chocolate or chocolate mousse with whipped cream, and crumbled cookies on top.''
Administration officials have said they have agreed in principle to supply Israel with hundreds of millions of dollars in weapons, including Patriot ground-to-air missiles, but American and Israeli officials are still negotiating details.
So the press reports "hit Peat Marwick like a thunderbolt," said a former tax partner, who contends that Peat partners averaged less than $200,000 in fiscal 1989.
The Government denied the King permission to visit Romania last April, saying his presence would have stirred up an already-turbulent pre-election political atmosphere.
He added that several men who had promised they would attend, failed to show up.
"Anyone who has been as successful as he has would be frustrated by not having a completely free hand, but from a strategic point of view, he has already created a good deal of the mix he wanted, particularly in broadcast," Mr. Shuman said.
''He was an abused dog, and a professional trainer probably wouldn't have taken him,'' Mr. Berloni said.
New Jersey made the score 96-90 with 5 minutes 28 seconds left by scoring 6 consecutive points on baskets by Chris Dudley, Theus and Sam Bowie, who led the Nets with 28 points.
Yet Germany would be shortsighted to underestimate its debt to America's sacrifice.
The Barry Story In January, British American will publish ''The Mayor Who Stayed Too Long: The Story of Marion S. Barry,'' by Jonathan I.
The beach project is estimated to cost $12 million, and the Wright renovation, several million.
Gikman arrived alone in Vienna in 1979, one year before Felix Bloch.
"There is no issue with the Mayor," he said yesterday in a wide-ranging interview at the Board of Education headquarters.
Hospital officials in Gaza reported three more Palestinians killed by army gunfire, and confrontations were also reported in Arab areas in and near Jerusalem.
Before she left the stand, Judge Jackson asked her to wait a moment.
This time, although the marchers got a last-minute permit from the city, the authorities pulled out all stops to frighten the public into staying away.
The report said that in order to reach the recycling goal, the state must step up efforts to recycle materials like plastics and lower-grade paper.
There was a note of sadness, too.
As the Senate moved toward a vote this week, Handgun Control distributed an information packet inscribed ''Who will cave in to the gun lobby and why?''
And her grandmother defies her wishes that she eat like a normal human being: she blithly subsists on a diet of cake and ice cream.
Prince Norodom Sihanouk, leader of one of the two non-Communist groups in the guerrilla coalition, issued a statement from North Korea, where he lives part of the year.
Incumbents often find that simply being in office gives them the power to stay there.
* Storage Technology Corp., Louisville, Colo., is offering $150 million in 8 percent convertible subordinated debentures, due in 2015, through Salomon Brothers Inc. * TRW Inc., New York, is offering $100 million in 9.35 percent notes priced at 99.65, to yield 9.40 percent, through Merrill Lynch Capital Markets.
But aspirin may not be the final word in drug treatment.
There were no such costs in 1989.
Fugie, ridden by Angel Cordero Jr., was blocked momentarily after entering the stretch but altered course to the outside and finished strongly to be runner-up in the field of seven 3-year-olds and up, 2 1/4 lengths ahead of The Real Virginian.
"Quincy was the leveling agent for him.
When it comes to the Presidency, Mr. Cuomo's fondness for secrecy is legendary.
''I just wanted to be able to come home, sit down and rest.
Other dealers complain that his flamboyant mass purchases of paintings that are not worth the money have contributed to the wild prices in the art market.
It's the stage when the consumer does or does not reach for your product.''
The top rate in the 1980's fell to 28 percent from 70 percent, providing a boon to the wealthy and some tax relief for the middle class and the working poor.
Bell Jr., the soft-spoken black professor who broke ranks with Harvard last spring by vowing to take an unpaid leave of absence until the law school appoints a minority woman to its tenured faculty.
''That's why in the last five years the whole stress has been in getting back to the script.
The renowned singer and actor Theodore Bikel dovetails folk songs, theatrical readings and anecdotes of his life on stage and screen in a 2 P.M. recital today at the Lehman Center in the Bronx (212 960-8833).
In 1920, in People v. Campbell, the State Supreme Court upheld the murder conviction of a man who placed poison within the reach of his wife, who was ill with multiple sclerosis, Mr. Baughman said.
A companion index of coincident indicators, which measure current economic activity, fell 1 percent in October after a drop of eight-tenths of 1 percent in September.
Junior Bantamweight -- Kaosai Galaxy, Thailand, W.B.A.
He reiterated the warning he had delivered to the Board last month when he urged its members to consider a negotiated purchase of just 10 acres of the property.
The yowls and screeches that are making her evenings hideous, her temper short and her eyes red, they tell her, are simply courtship calls.
Visiting a dying patient at home is something he has often done.
The collective, public rationale and motivations of the Peace Corps and the war on poverty in an earlier era provide illuminating comparisons.
Grimm, through whose eyes the story is largely told, is a curious figure -- part gangster, part 1960's fugitive, part high-class lawyer.
"She's strong and brainy without being apologetic about it, and that's inspiring to her audiences," Ms. Walther said.
The more apartment ownership is fragmented among many owners, some owning only one or two units, Mr. Gurian said, the less open the market for these properties is likely to be to groups facing prejudice and discrimination.
Where to Eat Two recommended places: Malom Csarda, 8229 Csopak; telephone 06-86-46063 from Budapest; 011-36-86-46063 from the U.S. Baricska Csarda, Balatonfured; 06-86-43105 from Budapest; 011-36-86-46063 from the United States.
''And the Administration has made sure that the American people have bought the argument that we may have to sacrifice some Americans to keep hostage-taking from dictating our foreign policy.''
Although partial to socialist ideas for most of his adult life, he was the sole member of the Communist Party to side in 1954 with Milovan Djilas when Mr. Djilas was deposed by Tito for criticizing a "New Class" of party bureaucrats and advocating the rule of law in socialism.
"Dien Dan" means Forum, an allusion to Mr. Havel's Civic Forum, the movement that overthrew the Communist Government.
The view from Tom Argyle's cotton fields encompasses the stony hills across the river where he once farmed in Zimbabwe, which many whites here stubbornly call by its former name, Rhodesia.
The Kipling book was done and work began on Carroll's letters.
Surveying 30 centuries of Mexico's visual arts, with its more than 400 works, the show is billed as the largest Mexican art exhibition ever displayed in the United States.
Under the settlement, announced a day after jury selection had begun, the fertility clinic admitted no wrongdoing.
Mr. Bhaktipada, the son of a Baptist minister, founded New Vrindaban, outside Moundsville, W.Va., 21 years ago.
During the recount, each of the parties will attempt to reconcile data from their own copies of official precinct results gathered throughout the countryside with the new hand-counted tally of the National Electoral Council.
But it shows that not everything that goes wrong requires you to instantly ship the camera off to a repair shop.
Other advertisers in recent issues include Buick, L'Oreal, Waterford, Henredon furniture, Andersen windows and Absolut Citron vodka.
Early Temper Problems ''My dream was the pro tour,'' he said.
''Sometimes that proves to be fruitless, because there are more of them than their are of us.''
Ultimately, the Federal Emergency Management Agency and the State Office of Emergency Services are expected to pay for all but the retrofitting.
''This isn't the friendliest of markets for leveraged transactions.''
Concern over the division comes while the Florio administration has made controlling high auto insurance rates one of its top priorities.
As a result, the actual figure came as a pleasant surprise.
star now playing in Switzerland, scored three goals and had one assist for the Swedes against Finland.
Can the Federal Government shut down?
c-Included a loss from discontinued operations of $58,000 and $172,000 for the quarter and 6 months, respectively, and a tax credit of $15,000, or 1 cent a share, and $30,000, or 1 cent a share, for the same periods, respectively.
The conference did better at architecture than at construction, describing and to a degree designing the common European home that President Mikhail S. Gorbachev of the Soviet Union likes to talk about, but not actually building much.
Latest quarter results included a $62.8 million pretax restructuring charge and a $116 million pretax gain resulting from the sale of a 30-percent interest in the company's Taiwan manufacturing subsidiary.
The corporation, which owns Bloomingdale's and eight other major retail chains, faces merchandise bills and a deadline from its banks.
The original measure would have banned ''blind pool'' and ''blank check'' offerings, which allow only cursory disclosure of business plans and which critics say are a common vehicle for fraud and abuse, but the S.E.C.
She is survived by her husband, John A. Gruver; a daughter, Cynthia Gruver-Williams of Carroll County, Md., and a son, John Gordon Gruver of College Park, Md.
There are two strategies to seeking romance in New York, one active, one passive.
Still, the volume and variety of black complaints in Teaneck and Bloomfield stand out precisely because those communities have seemed so placid.
Congress is currently considering a bill to impose a waiting period between the purchase and delivery of handguns, giving police a chance to catch sales destined for New York's illegal market.
's New regulations for notaries public Coping with outdoor furniture and decks An anti-insect sunscreen Guidepost Obituaries#29 Charles Farrell, actor David S. Parker, former Governor of the Panama Canal Zone Editorials/Letters/Op-Ed Editorials 22 Oregon's brave experiment China listens Albany: still ducking Fernandez opens the gates Letters 22 Flora Lewis: Mexico's drug poison 23 Russell Baker: Cru of dreams 23 Squire D. Rushnell: Kids' TV -a near-blank screen 23 Lewis M. Steel: N.Y.'s backward high court 23 Philip Van Munching: No Dice for Saturday night 23
The left says the U.S. is too bad, too arrogant, too flawed to presume to lead.
European borders can change, as they have in the past.
Today, two teen-aged sisters, Sylvia and Melissa Curry, who were with the group of young people, said in an interview that they had seen Mr. Pannell give the BB pistol to another youth before they were stopped by the police that evening.
It is not surprising that athletes would get caught up in the gambling frenzy.
Ermanno Mauro sang the first two acts dismally, then bowed out with an inflammation of the trachea.
Some Are Optimistic Don Lloyd, the city administrator, typified the most optimistic stance.
''You married young, just like your mom.
"Because of Nancy, I suspect hundreds of thousands of people can rest free, knowing that when death beckons, they can meet it face to face with dignity, free from the fear of unwanted and useless medical treatment.
How do you best put it to use?''
Suggested donation, $4 ($2 for children).
On Jan. 11, a day after Philips announced sharply lower earnings, the broker sold 9,733 shares at an average price of $18.27, for proceeds of $177,843.
''Money Talks,'' as Mr. Aykroyd might say, gleefully rubbing his hands together and beaming his most winning smile, is ''exquisitely bad theater.''
Fall is the best time to dig the horseradish roots; for best flavor wait until after a hard frost has blackened the tops of other plants.
He was a board member and later executive director of the Edison Birthplace Association in Milan, Ohio.
The police did not demand that he post any cash bond but made it clear that he could be brought back into custody at any time.
The Agha Khan has been promising to start a luxury hotel.
Mr. Tobier's study says the Census Bureau's 1988 estimate of the city's population fell short of the actual number by 700,000; if so, New York City residents would be entitled to significant additional representation in Congress and in the State Legislature and more money in state and Federal revenue-sharing grants.
The company does not disclose budgets for its films but several industry analysts believe that ''Days of Thunder'' cost at least $50 million and ''Another 48 Hours'' cost about $40 million.
But he added that Mr. Havel had long intended to name a civilian to the post.
asks Lee's younger son, as offhandedly as if he were asking to go outside and play.
In those early days, many ships tied up a few hundred yards north in Bombay's small, original natural harbor, Mody Bay, under the walls of the old castle.
The subsequent investigations into probable causes, most notably the failure of O-rings manufactured by Morton Thiokol Inc. were also given wide coverage.
Three weeks before the day when the last exhibition games are scheduled, the baseball commissioner and the players' labor leader met again yesterday.
My wife and I had no other children.
In the drug trafficking case against Gen. Manuel Antonio Noriega, his lawyer, Frank A. Rubino, asserts that the Federal authorities improperly tape-recorded telephone conversations between the general and his lawyers.
Players get hat tricks in the National Hockey League fairly often, but the one by Mike Ridley tonight in Washington's 5-2 victory over the Devils had special distinction: it came on two short-handed goals and a power-play goal.
And I said, 'You bet.'
Transportation: Buses, subways, LIRR and Metro-North all on holiday schedule.
Alice Parker is to conduct the Musicians of Melodious Accord, a 16-voice unaccompanied choir, in her own ''Millay Madrigals'' and Paul Gallagher's ''Song of Survival'' on Sunday evening at 7 at Symphony Space, 2537 Broadway, at 95th Street.
Those boys in the Kremlin .
I conducted for Benjamin Britten very often.''
Not only are the technical skills that are required on the job more demanding today, but a good secretary has to know everything about all the workings of the job.''
But it's a worthy idea.
I'm calling on Congress to pass a common-sense law -- the Brady bill requiring a seven-day 'cooling off' period before the purchase of a handgun.
Changing Persona In a Changing Town ''I pretty much left the financial things up to my agents,'' he said.
The grand jury is, by design, a one-sided affair.
They were rated by their teachers for aggressiveness at the age of 10 and again at 13 on the basis of fighting, defiance and similar traits.
In April, when a deranged woman stabbed Mr. Lafontaine in the neck with a kitchen knife and nearly killed him, some of those who watch politics here speculated that he would return subdued and cautious.
Last year, scientists discovered a way to stablize rice bran.
But whether Lotus-Novell can match Microsoft's success by living in both worlds is questionable.
But we made a major statement tonight.''
The Securities and Exchange Commission is considering whether to install an early warning system to detect potential financial trouble at the nation's largest brokerage firms.
And the attempts to keep the vacation on track, while the conflict grows more tense and the troop buildup mushrooms, seem ever more forced.
Dr. Jerome Kruse, a urologist in San Antonio, Tex., said he had watched a few patients live for years after the treatment without signs of cancer.
Sixers Pull Near Knicks Charles Barkley had 37 points and 21 rebounds and Hersey Hawkins scored 28 points as Philadelphia beat the Chicago Bulls, 120-109, last night at the Spectrum for its seventh consecutive victory.
Among the subsidies in English cited by Peterson is a $5,000 bonus for teachers who are proficient in Spanish.
British diplomats say there are about 260 British women and children in Iraq.
If necessary, he said, he will bring the issue to the General Assembly.
A surge in oil prices would threaten the economies of major oil-consuming nations like the United States, Japan and West Germany with rising inflation, higher interest rates and slower growth or recession.
The bathroom has a shower stall with a glass door and there is a fan above the toilet that vents directly outside.
''We have everything at stake.
Separately, 159 Japanese hostages boarded an Iraqi Airways charter to Bangkok.
As described in the patent, the new headlight would contain light sensors to detect both oncoming traffic and the tail lights of cars.
The bride, known professionally as Wendi Lowe, is a public relations consultant in New York and Los Angeles.
Over the last seven years, while Francoise and Isabelle have continued to work at Gallimard, Christian has run a publishing house in Switzerland and has not been on speaking terms with either his brother or father, who, at the age of 76, is seriously ill with Alzheimer's disease.
The timing may be right.
FROM THE RAIN FOREST , 8 East 12th Street, New York, N.Y. 10003; (800) 327-8496 or (212) 645-7177; fax (212) 675-5020.
As a result, Mr. Pierce's case may become a test of the rights of the homeless.
According to the lawsuit, Governor Thompson of Illinois issued an executive order in 1980 that imposed a hiring freeze on some 60,000 state positions, requiring his permission for all hiring.
will not say when it will have a pen-based system ready for market or disclose the number of people working on the project.
Seymour Papert, a mathematician at M.I.T.
''I don't think he'll write me out of the picture if I get in a slump,'' Meola said.
Rouse said she was dragged from the house and handcuffed as an estimated 15 million viewers watched.
There has been a growing protest among some viewers that the content of certain programs is offensive.
The press, taking into account the run on Gillette and earlier victories, reported that the personal incomes of Gollust and Tierney were at least $25 million apiece, and Oliver's at least $15 million.
b-Reflected a $37 million aftertax gain from the sale of the Institutional Money Management businesses of Lemco and a $16 million pretax reversal of reserves established in 1986 to cover potential losses stemming from the suspension of trading in tin by the London Metals Exchange.
He said that elected government officials had far different responsibilities for disclosure than reporters, who are employees of private businesses.
Then, too, Bremer's long work days pretty much ruled out the possibility of even a four-hour-a-week outpatient program.
Doe's Fall Thought Certain Western diplomats are reluctant to specify a timetable for what they now consider the inevitable downfall of Mr. Doe, who has ruled Liberia since he seized control in a coup in April 1980.
''She even drained the swimming pool .
Sessions has more work to do.
Even now, the art world, centered as it still is on the idea of the male creative genius, remains an elite world.
On Monday, Donald Trump said he had an agreement with King to hold the rematch in Atlantic City on June 18, the date on which Tyson was scheduled to fight Holyfield, whose camp had contended that Douglas had inherited Tyson's responsibility to fight Holyfield next.
A certain 10 percent will ensure its employment anywhere; 20 percent will produce eagerness, 50 percent positive audacity; 100 percent will make it ready to trample on all human laws; 300 percent, and there is not a crime which it will not scruple, nor a risk it will not run, even to the chance of its owner being hanged.''
''There were days when I didn't think I could stand it any more.
The two Hollywood films that followed, ''High Spirits'' (1988) and ''We're No Angels'' (1989), were not as well received.
The 14 other internships will be at the American Express Publishing Corporation, Business Week, The Columbia Journalism Review, Esquire, Family Circle, Fortune, Gruner & Jahr U.S.A., The Ladies' Home Journal, McCall's, News America Publishing, Newsweek, Reader's Digest, Rodale Press and Rolling Stone.
This year, many Congressional figures have said Mr. Bush should deny China the status because of the brutal suppression of pro-democracy demonstrations in Beijing's Tiananmen Square last June 4.
''I called Bradley to ask about pitching because I wanted to make a move, but I didn't get much of a response.
Schering said that its drug was sold by prescription only and that patients could face severe or fatal consequences if they stopped using the medication.
Commissioner Riccio has said that the proposed cuts in the city's bridge programs are "justifiable" given the city's poor financial condition.
A3 Chile's chief and Pinochet make fragile peace A7 Blacks in Congress respond to slur by Japanese minister A6 Zurich Journal: A park where the needle reigns A4 NATIONAL A14-20, B8 White House budget negotiatiors signaled a willingness to drop their demand for an actual cut in the capital gains tax rate and instead accept a plan that would index capital gains for inflation.
Those interviewed here attest that romance fades fast in cramped apartments that usually have to be shared with other families.
A recent study by the General Accounting Office found there was "little difference in overall rates of uncompensated care" provided by nonprofit hospitals and by those that seek to make a profit.
I am tired of feeling inadequate because I don't live in the city.
The Government is also required to go ahead and carry out the law on the basis of new negotiations between the Labor Ministry and the Sandinista unions.
Bob Melvin had three hits and two runs batted in for the Orioles, who moved within two games of .500 for the first time since June 14.
Mrs. Klimova, 58 years old, spent her childhood years in New York City, where her family had fled in 1939 after the German invasion of Czechoslovakia.
It can be frozen for use at a later date (some fishmongers now sell squid ink in small frozen blocks).
La Vedova is a bacaro that has managed to make the transition from a stand-up pub serving only cicchetti to something that isn't quite a trattoria.
Meeting With Brady Officials said that Mr. Kearney first made it known that he was about to resign at a luncheon meeting on Thursday with Treasury Secretary Nicholas F. Brady, during which he complained of a requirement that he clear almost all of his public comments, press releases and other statements with the Treasury.
Two short stories flesh out the book.
Is this a second-rate sampling of Mr. King's oeuvre?
Caliandro Associates of Manhattan is the architect.
Dinner for two, including wine and service, comes to about $85 (prices at 1,178 lire to the dollar).
The panel opinion was vacated and the Court of Appeals reheard the case en banc.
Harry Parker, the Crimson coach beginning his 28th season on the Charles River, must replace the dynamic stern threesome of Jack Rusher, Phil Schuller and John Amory, the stroke.
But serious students will appreciate Mr. Hillson's monograph, published in the early 1980's by the Pall Mall Stamp Company, London.
If the 63-year-old coach was gloating, forgive him.
(Ages 9 and up) For readers with horse fantasies along the lines of National Velvet or Old Paint, this handsome anecdotal survey of mankind''s historical relationship with horses could be a good introduction to larger perspectives; the story begins with Eohippus in Eurasia.
The party was founded in 1989 as a vehicle for Alderman Timothy C. Evans, who ran on a Washington Party ballot and won nearly a half-million votes, or 45 percent of the total, in losing to Mr. Daley.
The group tries to enter the compound every year on Succoth, asserting that the mosques should be destroyed and that a third Jewish temple should be built in their place.
In August 1988, in prison, he tested positive and was soon paroled.
The advertisements will stress the importance of the census as the basis for determining everything from political representation to the distribution of $50 billion or more annually in Federal grants to cities and states.
Lujan Statement Fanned Flames The debate has been inflamed by the remarks of Interior Secretary Manuel Lujan Jr., who attacked the notion of protecting every endangered species by saying, ''Nobody's told me the difference between a red squirrel, a black one or a brown one.''
An average index was set at 100, and a mere dozen makers were rated at that mark or better, with Mercedes scoring 149 to win.
Instead of the usual shots of people enjoying the drink, they used snippets of people talking about special moments in their lives - one woman describes the night her husband-to-be proposed.
And you know how America remains the hope of liberty-loving people everywhere.
Member of Informal Cartel By the early 1980's his principal real estate concern, the publicly traded Cheung Kong (Holdings) Ltd., in which he owns about 40 percent, was an industry leader.
There was no bitterness, no rancor, no remorse in the voice of Pittsburgh's offensive coordinator, Joe Walton.
Over all, the end of the year was mixed for the luxury car makers, including those in Europe that stand to lose the most from the new thrust by Toyota and Nissan into the prestige segment.
This week, Interior Minister Zahid Sarfraz called for the recall of Ambassador Oakley after reports of his remarks circulated here - apparently at the initiative of Ms. Bhutto or her supporters.
Add the expenses of office space, office decoration and furnishings, telephone, fax, computer, stationery, expense-account meals, transportation and all the other costs involved, and the total expense has to be $500,000 or more.
It is a futile war that no one can win.''
The best known is Gore-Tex, a trademark of W. L. Gore & Associates of Elkton, Md.
Durban businessmen expressed concern that the stabbings could discourage white tourists from visiting Durban, which vies with Cape Town as a popular holiday destination.
It is to go to Japan at the end of February for 11 weeks, the producers said, adding that plans were also under way for a production to begin in Berlin or Paris in mid-1992 and tour Europe.
While holding the strip in position, remove the paper one sheet at a time.
A schoolboy turns into a prophet with a message for our times.
Common Stock * Altera Corp., San Jose, Calif., will withdraw its registration statement for a proposed stock offering because of unfavorable market conditions.
''There will be no leadership vacuum in this government,'' Ms. Thompson said in a statement at the beginning of a press conference at City Hall, where the bureaucracy seemed to be functioning with the usual number of meetings and the usual flow of paper.
The Moslem Tatars -- today generally known as Azerbaijanis -- rose up in rebellion, slaughtering Christian Armenians and setting the oil fields ablaze.
The campus debate raged over whether to admit black students.
''River of Grass'' is the story of what she discovered - nature in peril, Indians harassed, and a history of rapacious warfare and neglect.
United Telecommunications Inc. announced Tuesday that it would exercise an option to pay about $500 million this summer for GTE's 19.9 percent stake in the U S Sprint Communications Company.
But he has noticed that the company's premium brands of popcorn and tortilla chips have faded as consumers here and elsewhere seek to economize.
But as Mr. Bhagwati points out, ''there is no longer a negative side to economic integration.''
There is, however, yet another reason, rarely acknowledged and often denied.
The Saudi King is spineless, and Syria and Egypt are unprepared for war; the Soviets might join an arms embargo for Western opinion's sake but they have as great a stake as Iraq in higher oil prices; and the Israelis have no dog in this fight.
''We reviewed contracts for the fiscal year and discovered business that should have been recognized in other quarters,'' he said.
Deltiologists, collectors of postcards, the cliche goes, should look for postcards at stamp shows.
Militia officials said Monday that its leader would decide today whether to free some of the group's 300 prisoners to mark the end of the Islamic Ramadan fast.
Johnson will drive Team U.S.A., a Superboat propelled by four new 1,000-horsepower supercharged Chevrolet engines.
Wells Fargo termed the drop an overreaction.
The reason is that the condition of this year's budget is seen as virtually dictating whether the state can afford another huge bond purchase.
The painter's daughter-in-law, Maria Matisse, discovered the theft on Friday on her first visit since November.
Most will tell you that the social changes are more frightening, more difficult and more important.
He had 11 with the Mets (from 1968-77 and in 1983); 3 with the Cincinnati Reds (1978-79 and 1981) and two with the Chicago White Sox (1985-86).
Heseltine Plans Changes Many Conservative Members of Parliament saw it as their doom in the next general election, as constituency after constituency fell to the opposition Labor Party in elections to fill vacancies earlier this year.
''We did another project with London & New York in downtown Boston,'' said Damien Abbott of Investcorp, speaking of 70 Franklin Street.
"And the events of the last three weeks have put enormous pressure on the family and, I think, on the political process and on the people of Minnesota.
and Metro-North on holiday schedule.
''Bush's statement was very carefully crafted; he kept things deliberately vague,'' said Charles Lieberman, a managing director at the Manufacturers Hanover Securities Corporation.
Doing little when little is called for can be a stroke of genius.
Good defensive line with youngsters in Tracy Rocker and Fred Stokes and sound veterans in Charles Mann and Darryl Grant.
bomb killed four soldiers in Northern Ireland.
Actor Showed Hispanic Pride In one episode in 1982, the quiet, dignified Calletano was honored as the police department's ''Hispanic Officer of the Year.''
The Mets realize that he is a valuable commodity.
b-Included pre-tax charge of $1,775,000, or 7 cents a share, after taxes, related to settlement of litigation, for the quarter and year; the year also included pre-tax charge of $1,850,000, after taxes, for additional insurance expense.
Tang garments are simpler than Song.
''Six years ago you would have had 10 people show up,'' said Dr. Roy L. Walford, a professor of pathology at the University of California at Los Angeles School of Medicine and one of the pioneers in the field.
American records were set by 43-year-old Larry Almberg in the masters mile (4:12.24) and Teresa Vaill in the women's 5,000-meter walk (22:36.8).
Before joining the Bowery in 1949, Mr. Larsen was with the North River Savings Bank for 16 years.
Now, he seems unwanted again.
BALTIMORE, May 20 - Arthur Hancock, sometime country singer, belts out the chorus from ''R-E-S-P-E-C-T,'' the old Aretha Franklin R&B tune, after his Sunday Silence makes it two straight over Easy Goer in Preakness in one of the greatest stretch duels in Triple Crown history.
Mr. Lyndon-James will be vice chairman of the American unit.
''The majority of boiler inspectors routinely misrepresented their activities, costing the city money and possibly jeopardizing the safety of New Yorkers,'' Ms. Holtzman said.
''Obviously, it was our understanding that Notre Dame would be part of the package.''
I should not be here, I tell myself.
As for the baby, we sense that although Delacroix was the least maudlin of men, he just wasn't going to let him die on canvas.
It was there that the group met on Sunday evening before deciding to go to Manhattan, said Mr. Lopez's mother, Louisa Rodriguez.
His wife, Ruth First, was killed in Mozambique in 1982 in a bombing believed to be the work of South African security forces.
''We help citizens respond to proposals such as Iroquois.
They chanted "China -- human rights!
Another major reason for the empty shelves, economists say, is the nation's gigantic budget deficit, expected to represent more than one-fifth the budget.
The White House press office had no comment on the Governor's attack.
Though she could breathe, she could never again think.
But Bloomsbury would never have gone in for those enameled Five of Hearts pins, worn as the badge of friendship.
''My greatest fear is that I'll never be able to play again,'' said Stephenson by telephone from her home in Scottsdale, Ariz. ''Right now, the swelling is down, but the doctors say they won't know about tendon or nerve damage for another six weeks.''
Manufacturers Hanover At Manufacturers Hanover, fourth-quarter profits fell 70.5 percent.
Indeed, they are oddly similar, although their architects could not be more different in their sensibilities: for Pei Cobb Freed this elaborate geometric form represents a kind of busied-up version of modernism, while Kohn Pedersen Fox came to it from the opposite esthetic end, so to speak, abstracting their classicism that has been their mode in the last decade.
Modern transportation, factories and food production feed on oil.
The only change Wards Cove made was to rule that the burden of persuasion of business necessity remained with the plaintiff.
As a result, many of these stocks are trading at undervalued levels.''
''I'm fighting more as a question of principle.
If there's money to be found for WIC, it has to be found in Washington.
In his five years in office, popular enthusiasm has cooled toward the Soviet leader because of Mr. Gorbachev's ineffectiveness in replacing the bulky, demoralizing and unproductive socialist economy that is costing the nation its superpower status in the post-cold war world.
There have been 23,000 visits by 7,500 children over the years, and just enough money from public and private sources to keep the vans rolling.
''In hyperinflation, people lose faith in contracts and in institutions and there are shortages.''
For information, call (617) 661-8498.
"You get one who might order two or three suits a year, one for every season.
On the financial side, he has inherited a company with balanced books.
Last month, Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir tried to dismiss Science Minister Ezer Weizman, who openly advocates direct negotiations with the P.L.O., over accusations that he met with a mid-level P.L.O.
''Nobody denies that Northwestern, because it is a notable, wonderful institution, has a lot to offer a community,'' said Alderwoman Ann Rainey, a supporter of the bill.
On pass plays, it kept in extra blockers and frequently double-teamed defensive linemen.
For the Zivkos and others, the Sotheby's auction was as much about history as about wine.
''At Christmas, we had about 500 people on the waiting list for the new term,'' said Donna Kelsh, who heads a government-financed English language and employment service for immigrants and refugees at the 23d Street Y.
''When nothing happens, that's news.''
Tourlite Tours in Athens estimated that cancellations were running 15 to 30 percent.
And Storage Technology has acquired the Aspen Peripherals Corporation and M4 Data Ltd. to aid in efforts to expand tape products into the mid-range computer market.
Is it coincidence that his boardinghouse landlady has the same last name and physique as the long-ago Hilda?
They scored five runs on seven hits in the first off Ron Robinson (2-2).
I am not unique, and I, too, have those fears.
FITGBonding FNMG(the gerund form is the most common) is a word being lifted from psychology.
It was a long block Favored by doomsday prophets, Blind street musicians, Dogs licking their padlocks.
''Would you leave us, please?''
A Judicial Response He said that while judges should seek to discover the ''principles'' behind constitutional provisions, they should not be limited to searching for the framers' ''specific intent.''
Sparking expressions of outrage from Capitol Hill to Silicon Valley, the Defense Department said yesterday that it had removed the director of its agency responsible for developing advanced technologies.
'Only Loose Ideas' ''Behind the Fujimori candidacy there is no Government program -only loose ideas and isolated proposals,'' La Republica, a Lima newspaper that backs his candidacy, wrote today.
At 3 and 6 P.M. today, "Sights and Sounds of Christmas," Nativity music-drama with 100-voice choir, 30-piece orchestra and cast of 50.
Douglas threw a right lead, which shook Tyson.
But be careful, lest the thousandth time I rebuild, I do not choose Trinidad.''
A12 Washington Talk: The war on drugs was seemingly embracing economic tactics at the drug conference in Colombia last week, but President Bush is still looking for ways to use the American military.
Sports facilities include archery and riflery ranges, tennis and volleyball courts and a boating complex.
''There were no pilots, no stewardesses, no ramp workers or gate agents,'' Mr. Kent said.
So far, Mr. Salinas has carried this message to meetings with Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher in London and Chancellor Helmut Kohl in Bonn and to the headquarters of the European Community in Brussels.
Ms. Brady, who is chief prosecutor for Sussex County, ran on an anti-incumbent platform, calling for a citizens' Legislature with a two-term limit.
He mentioned I.B.M., P.& G., Microsoft, McDonald's and Texas Instruments.
Some peasants protest petty corruption or at the arrogance of village officials.
The two sides finally came together, Mr. Fuchs said, after a meeting in November at which they agreed that the weakened television advertising climate had made it increasingly difficult for the two channels to thrive separately.
Both revenue figures excluded sales and excise taxes.
Work in publishing long enough, and eventually people make the assumption that you know what you're doing.
His first seven years were spent overseeing the Land and the Living Seas pavilion at Walt Disney World in Florida.
''There are promises of the club now that there's gonna be changes,'' he said.
The actor was born in Philadelphia on Sept. 12, 1916.
Let me assure you: should military action be required, this will not be another Vietnam; this will not be a protracted, drawn-out war.
For this English professor's students, all the world's a stage, and his students are the players.
Consumers will see some relief from record meat prices as production increases next year, the Agriculture Department said today.
The New York Attorney General, Robert Abrams, and Representative Robert G. Torricelli, Democrat of Hackensack, N.J., issued calls yesterday for independent investigations of Exxon operations at the refinery and terminal.
After nearly three years of drought in the upper basin states, only a season of plentiful rain across the river's western watershed can resolve interstate tensions.
He tells her that every sex act he has ever had has been a peak experience.
For example, there are four enlarged photographs entitled ''Driving the Last Spike Home,'' which appear to have been taken in 1885 when the trans-Canada railroad was completed.
Q. Notre Dame plays U.S.C.
Dr. and Mrs. David Fred James of Scarsdale, N.Y., have announced May wedding plans for their daughter Wendy Susan James and Kevin Jay Abrams, a son of Eileen Abrams of Riverdale, the Bronx, and Stuart Abrams of Great Neck, L.I.
Quick Recovery O'Meara opened the day with a one-shot lead over Rocco Mediate and a two-shot lead over Stewart.
The mission is planned to last 10 days as a test in preparing shuttles for flights of longer duration.
The recommendation stemmed from a national survey of 26 hospitals in 21 cities.
Variety would certainly seem to be the Merryall hallmark, the focus of the Saturday evenings ranging from opera and chamber recitals to cabaret and Dixieland.
No matter what damage we humans inflict on the planet, the northern lights will always be arching over the top of the world, as mysterious and pristine as ever, shining brightly, whether or not anyone is there to see.
He did have 6 assists and 20 points but he shot 8 for 19 from the field.
Confirming that the Government was considering the proposal, Foreign Minister David Levy said Israel was trying "on the one hand to prevent an operative, negative anti-Israel resolution and on the other hand to strengthen our understanding with the United States."
''Some people say it's the S.& L.'s,'' he said.
Forty-five years after the end of World War II, national passions and rampant nostalgia are bursting out all over eastern and central Europe.
If he dismisses questions about politics or the events of the day, Mr. Sofair is not so reticent when it comes to discussions of his family, including his sisters and brother who fled Iraq years ago for Europe, and an American cousin, Abraham D. Sofaer, a former Federal judge in Manhattan who served as the State Department's legal adviser in the Reagan Administration.
The hawks can afford to wait and let the market take on the unpopular job of raising rates.
Government figures show that 4.2 million of Argentina's 12 million workers are unemployed or underemployed.
''The public isn't happy with the airline situation here.
''I did more losers than anyone living because we had pretty bad teams,'' he said, noting that 1950, the one year the Phillies won the National League pennant during his career, was a year he spent broadcasting for the American League Athletics.
No firearms or pets are allowed.
The five deals have a total value of about $4.7 billion.
Debt * Chesapeake and Potomac Telephone Co. of Maryland, a Bell Atlantic Corp. subsidiary, has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for up to $300 million in debt securities.
To the Editor: Your report on the New York State health budget (news article, June 29) states Medicaid will pay $70 for a patient visit to overcrowded hospital clinics.
Another would require that listing contracts contain language defining the different kinds of listings available to a seller, including the seller's right to reserve the right to sell the house alone without paying a commission.
Even vegetables that take extra work pay off in intense flavor, though.
Her husband is a son of Mr. and Mrs. Earl R. Hilton of Marquette, Mich.
Such a move is quite a change from the two decades under Richard J. Daley, who was also the Democratic Party's chief, when endorsement by the party organization was tantamount to election.
I wished him well and hung up.''
''This really shows that every member of Congress has cash constituents related to their committee assignments.''
in 1979 - is properly characterized as ''a beloved British hero'' (it would certainly not be a view endorsed on the right of British politics); and whatever the former Labor Prime Minister Clement Attlee's claims to fame, it will come as a surprise even to his two recent biographers to learn that his background included a period as one of the ''fighters from abroad'' in the Spanish Civil War.
Mr. Mooney "was not legitimately residing at the bridge abutment, as he himself realized," she stated in court papers.
Supporters say a bigger reserve is needed because American imports are growing - they are now just shy of half of domestic demand, a record.
''Under no circumstances should you punish the parents for the actions of a juvenile, unless you can demonstrate a clear contributory fault.''
I also call them the conservatives.''
''Don't forget Hun Sen is only No.
Behind those figures is a story of how a major wine-producing nation changed course.
Dr. William L. Bearden, a Presbyterian minister, and the Rev.
The biggest makers of infant formula are Ross Laboratories, a division of Abbott Laboratories; the Mead Johnson Nutritional Group, a unit of the Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, and Wyeth-Ayerst Laboratories, a division of the American Home Products Corporation.
''Without a Western partner, our copy-machine business, and quite likely our company, are finished.
While he is a rival of Mr. Shamir's for power, he says the frequent charge that he is attacking Mr. Shamir's plan only for his own political gain is ''lies and utter nonsense.''
But now there is growing debate as to what exactly promotes the growth of business.
''This keeps us at the ceiling,'' he said.
Sometimes you're only turning the perspective one degree, but it's enough to let people look with fresh vision.''
"Now, this is a television country, and that has produced a passive noncommunicative public," Mr. Amelio said.
Brown rice is not the most Scandinavian of side dishes, but it has an affinity for the beef and sauce.
Such a plan would mean the creation of an interim government in South Africa and has previously been rejected by Mr. de Klerk for the foreseeable future.
''I don't see widespread layoffs,'' she said.
Another hydroelectric project, called Nottaway-Broadback-Rupert, is planned south of La Grande.
The bridegroom, a graduate of the Westminster School in Simsbury, Conn., and the California Institute of the Arts, is a fine arts photographer at Sotheby's in New York.
For example, the authors of this book regard the Lenten hot cross bun of the Christians as the modern counterpart of the burned griddle cake traditionally eaten by sacrificial victims.
The birchbark hull is bound to cedar gunwales and ribs with split white spruce root, while specially processed pine pitch seals the seams.
''He could have hit his head on the stall door or gotten a piece of hay in his nose.
Call 254-4010 for more information.
in October after receiving a reader complaint; T.W.A.
But in any case, the embargo is the weapon supported by every country in the coalition opposing Saddam Hussein.
b-Included $7.5 million addition to loss reserves after further evaluation of losses due to increased frequency, emergence and severity of claims experienced in the 1989 period.
It will be interesting to see which model, Old World or New, sets the tone for advertising in the emerging free-market nations.
Yet as catered parties go, a brunch like this is still one of the least expensive.
The court term ended Wednesday as the Justices issued their last opinions for the session.
The calf is about 4 1/2 inches long, 4 1/4 inches tall and weighs just under one pound.
Police officers shot and killed a man in Chicago shortly after midnight when he pointed a gun in their direction.
Going to a less fashionable festival may be easier (or may not be: some are already sold out for this year) and may be just as musically enjoyable.
Stockton, Kan., is a one-newspaper town again.
He flew home to California yesterday and will be looked at again by Padres physicians.
With the treaty allowing the 16-nation North Atlantic Treaty Organization and the 6-member Warsaw Pact a similar number of heavy weapons in an area stretching from the Atlantic to the Urals, the West can now move more confidently toward reducing its military strength in Europe.
Known for his flamboyant, high-spending life in Miami, he had Centrust buy a $6 million yacht, called the Bodacious, received more than $16 million in compensation over five years and used his home to display large parts of Centrust's $29 million art collection, including Renoir's painting ''Man as Mars.''
However, Stephen Gould and others have documented, from findings and datings of intermediate forms in fossils, that the pattern of evolutionary change is a series of long periods when species remain unchanged, periodically interrupted by relatively brief periods of considerable transformation to the next phyletic species - a pattern called punctuated equilibria.
Will I be Gran, Grandma, Granny?
It will be at Long Island Stage at Hays Theater, Molloy College in Rockville Centre, through next Sunday.
led it to order the recall.
They tied at 7 1/2-1 1/2 for first place with the Australian grandmaster Ian Rogers in the 21-player Swiss-system event, then went on to a double-round playoff elimination match in Kuala Lumpur, where Ye scored 3, Lin 2 and Rogers, with 1 point, was knocked out.
Maintenance of and ceremonies at military cemeteries?
In Peru, much of Lima's Jewish population has quietly left for the United States.
Two Cleveland lawyers, Patrick McCartan and James Sennett, are representing Vincent and Dowd, who conducted the commissioner's investigation of Steinbrenner.
Mr. Regan has been dogged in the past by allegations that he has favored his campaign contributors in awarding state contracts to investment banks and consultants that advise him on how to invest the money.
''I have obligations that would make certain assignments impossible.
''There is something called African-American culture and it is definable with traits and traditions,'' says Mrs. Conwill, who changed her name from Karen to Kinshasha in 1969 (''It had an African base, and I liked the sound'').
Bryce Lane, an undergraduate coordinator of horticultural science at North Carlonia State University, pointed out that the plants are difficult to propagate.
Legal Challenges Planned Several companies providing commercial telephone sex messages have said that they will challenge the law and that they are especially opposed to the provision requiring a subscription in writing.
And Miss Huling's crystalline piano playing matched these qualities closely.
Less likely was an abnormality in the architecture of the arteries to Mr. Penny's heart.
That would leave a projected shortfall of a million barrels a day, and if President Bush does not open the Strategic Petroleum Reserve, many analysts said, the shortage will increase as winter nears.
Four of the Panamanians were killed in the burst; the fifth, who was wounded, was the one killed by Sergeant Bryan.
Purcell's witches are not above extracurricular cackles and braying tone.
On 8 de de 9 Ne5 Qd1 10 Bd1 Ne4 11 Ng6 Nc3 12 Ne7 Kh8 13 bc Bc3 14 Rb1 Be6, White would not have procured anything worthwhile.
But analysts said today's action suggested that Mr. Tellep was pushed by institutions to go even further by giving them three seats.
The First Boston Corporation had predicted that Caterpillar would earn $4.50 a share; now it sees $2.25.
1980 1987 Property taxes 2.6%2.8% Federal income taxes, individual 8.9 7.9 Federal income taxes, corporate 2.3 1.7 State and local sales taxes 2.0 2.2 State and local income, individual 1.5 1.7 State and local profits, corporate 0.5 0.5 (Source: Organization of Economic Cooperation and Development) STATES FEEL THE SQUEEZE While the economy boomed, state and local governments ran up tax surpluses.
His trio was joined by Byrdie Green, who has been singing around New York since the 1950's.
It was not very good."
The National Hockey League Board of Governors voted unanimously today to place the expansion San Jose Sharks in the Smythe Division for their inaugural season in 1991-92.
* If the central concern is to increase the supply of affordable housing, attention needs to be focused away from new construction and toward rehabilitation of existing structures.
As a matter of common sense, the decision is a disaster.
The expected pappardelle (wide noodles) in a cream sauce with fresh spinach and smoked chicken turned out to be penne (quill-shaped pasta) tossed with grilled (not smoked) chicken.
With THX, Lucasfilm sought to improve theater systems so that they could reproduce the full range of a Dolby Stereo soundtrack.
Ratings of Security Pacific's commercial paper and its bank units' short-term deposits were unchanged at Prime-1.
Sofas and chairs were brought in to create living rooms.
In the 30's, Broadway was the center of the L.A. shopping district and the home of the fashionable department stores, Bullock's, the May Company and the Broadway.
The area also has the highest density of deer, which appear to play a major role in maintaining the life cycle of I. scapularis, the tick that spreads the disease in Georgia.
''They can diverge for a period, but they have never diverged for this long,'' said Thomas Hanley, who follows bank stocks at Salomon Brothers.
It's that time again, time for New York designers to show their stuff for spring.
The nurse and Dr. Holloman, who fell in love after their return to New York, had by then divorced previous mates and were ready to marry - a union that would produce two daughters.
In Hungary, early hints from the ruling center-right Government that it might target abortion have galvanized women's groups as no other issue has managed to do.
It would also encourage the kind of investment that would truly invigorate the economy.
of Sweden last month, mainly on speculation that Peugeot would also seek a partner.
Often his variations were so divergent as to be unrecognizable relatives of the original.
His wife lay in the ruins for hours before help came.
The subsidies are viewed as giving the European commercial aircraft builder unfair advantages over American companies like Boeing and Lockheed.
And they are also unlikely to be able to replace the 3,000 sites that are expected to fill up and close over the next five years.
A few months ago, two law professors started a stir in the insurance industry with a study that showed that defendants have been faring better in product liability cases.
American General said it was likely to sell only its large insurance unit and retain the rest of its operations.
Pittsburgh won the first meeting by 20-9 and this isn't good news for Carlson -- though Moon passed 48 times and threw for 284 yards, he threw no touchdown passes against the Steelers' iron-curtain secondary and was intercepted four times.
The pride is easy to understand.
Ignorant insult can hurt as much as the malevolent kind, yet there's a difference between hateful words and foolish ones.
What all repertory dance companies need are versatile dancers, stretchable dancers, dancers so sensitive to nuances that they become kinetic chameleons, capable of adapting themselves to a multitude of artistic colorations.
The Model 95 comes with a 320-megabyte hard drive, as does the 33-megahertz model 90.
They don't hide the fact that they don't believe in it."
The fall defensively was as much in reputation as it was in numbers.
When asked what was meant by ''dramatic,'' the official, who conducted the briefing on the condition that he not be named, said East Germany ''could be totally insolvent in a few days.''
As an apprentice counselor I straddled the worlds of boys and men, breathing the high air, watching over kids, hanging out with cowboys.
The fiery contraption with two legs, silent.
*Seventy-seven percent of Jewish households contributed to charity in 1989; 50 percent of the households gave to Jewish charities.
So not only have we lost an interesting study in psychopathology, but also the plot is now reduced to a conventional whodunnit in which the suspects are the five dinner guests who knew the Whistler's methods.
Bankers Trust's full-year loss resulted from a $1.6 billion reserve that it set aside in the third quarter to cover possible losses on loans to less developed countries.
But Mr. Fitzwater said today that the White House was ''not repeating'' the veto threat and was trying to be conciliatory.
The earlier requests had been rejected ''because of the seriousness of the crimes,'' said Edward Elwin, executive director of the division.
Instead, the two men began to talk.
The suddenly active Toronto Blue Jays and the Boston Red Sox are prepared to compete, among others, for his services as a power-hitting designated hitter.
Unanticipated expenses involving the firm's new headquarters at the World Financial Center accounted for about $110 million of the $470 million writedown.
from the Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons in 1941, intending to become a psychiatrist.
Some parts of the manuscript were lost when Benjamin died.
Also, tires of various aspect ratios but with the same inflation pressure and supporting the same weight will have contact patches of different shapes but with the same area.
He decided that West's aversion to a spade lead marked the ace in that hand, so he took the diamond ace, ruffed a diamond and led a spade.
The company is now beginning an initial analysis of the data, which will be completed by the end of the year.
There is a world of difference."
b-After an extraordinary loss on early extinguishment of debt of $40,000.
Some analysts and institutional investors began phoning Computer Associates, demanding to know more.
WITH: Jane Adams, Walter Bobbie, Lisa Carson, Seth Gilliam, Natalia Harris, Zakee Howze, Kevin Jackson, Marjorie Johnson, Mia Korf, Leslie Lyles, Bruce MacVittie, Cynthia Martells, Sasha Mujica, Sean Nelson, Harold Perrineau, Wendell Pierce, Angela Pietropinto, Tonya Pinkins, Kevin Rock, Michael Rogers, Merlin Santana, Christopher Shaw, Victor Slezak, Jill Tasker, Lenny Venito and Chandra Wilson.
''In Poland, each farmer produces enough food to feed three people.
Key, a Texan, demonstrated how the issues of race and class were intertwined, and how wealthy Southerners had used race to convince the white working class that their interests as whites bound them to the upper classes more than their interests as workers separated them.
Mr. Black, general counsel in the Office of Thrift Supervision's western division, was the first witness to tell of enforcement that was delayed because of pressure.
La Mata Rosada (5 Malecon; 809-538-2400) serves seafood dishes and regional specialties.
Five times pirates boarded the boat.
Video has not stemmed the popularity of the most well-known revival houses.
Mr. Fernandez was to pay the board annual maintenance of $1,510.
As the selling grew in Chicago, waves of index arbitrage selling hit the New York market, which was ill prepared for it.
In fact, Christopher Morahan, the director, warned us against going back to the Bowen novel, saying that we'd be in trouble if we did.
And there are Hildebrandt advertisements.
The son made the observation at a convocation here Monday after a weekend of Middle American hospitality.
Writing about another friend's visit to San Simeon in California, where Marion Davies lived with William Randolph Hearst, Mencken observes that the newspaper publisher would kick out any actor who brought with him a woman with him who was not his wife.
In Nikolayev, near Odessa, the statue of Lenin was unceremoniously dumped in a warehouse of the local utilities department.
On Tuesday, in her first run for elective office, she captured 86 percent of the vote, a record for a mayoral election in Washington, and carried all 140 precincts.
David Cone, the right-hander for the Mets with the ability to turn an encouraging roll into a long run of brilliance, is gathering momentum.
In addition to paying for relocation and cleanup costs, Con Edison paid a $59,000 fine levied by the Federal Occupational Safety and Health Administration in February.
Must we remove the old paneling, or can we simply paint them with some type of light-colored paint?
''There is no alternative,'' to the current leadership, he said in English to reporters who surrounded him after a news briefing.
Still, she daydreamed about winning.
Riviera-Remont is typical, an undistinguished structure with an institutional atmosphere.
The society has scheduled a meeting for March in Bethesda, Md., to thrash out medical, legal and social issues surrounding widespread testing for the cystic fibrosis gene.
"This is happening at virtually every new development," he said.
The company is making ''Wake, Rattle and Roll'' for significantly less than the typical children's animated program.
Analysts consider such comparisons with the prior year - known as comparable-store, or same-store, sales - a better barometer of a company's performance than total company results, which include sales at new stores.
He walks smack up to the camera, which tightens on a closeup of his mouth, and tells it like it is: ''I am as hot as a tamale on fire.''
Because of this, a travel advisory from the department says, trekking in the northern parts of Chiangmai, Chiangrai and Mae Khong Son Provinces should be avoided.
But the system is not passive, the study said, because sensors must determine that the water is needed, and send a signal to mechanical valves.
''It's not a banner day in the life of the Boston Celtics.
NASA's projects are so dauntingly complex, experts agree, that such a loss of competence could be crippling, even when contractors had many able engineers.
But yesterday Mr. Morgan said "it became clear to us that, despite our attempts to remain neutral, we were being drawn into the dispute between the union and management."
But the measure's constitutionality is questionable.
A Shared Fate Despite the assertions of some Long Islanders that the Island has come a long way toward its goal of economic independence from New York City, some economic forecasts, especially those produced by organizations based in Manhattan, stress the interdependence of two areas.
Only last year, Stewart counted the $13,500 he earned for knocking out Arthel Lawhorne in March 1989 as his biggest purse and real progress for a fighter who had no manager or promoter for his first few months as a professional.
If so, that would rule out Mr. Gordon's technique for junk bond issuers with no common stock outstanding -about $80 billion worth of the market at the end of 1989.
You would get maximum efficiency with any insulation by installing it across the joists because this would insulate the joists, as well as the spaces between them.
Fred Farrar, a spokesman for the F.A.A., said the agency did not know of the report and would not have a response ''until we find out what the man said.''
And we have an enforcer in Iraq.''
It was not clear whether the idling of the plant helped ease the waste storage problem.
West Germany has already agreed to guarantee $3 billion in credits to Moscow.
"He's got a lot to learn," Coslet said about Taylor.
Going electronic has not been problem-free.