The controversy arose from the use of the word ''alliance'' in the communique.
An Italian Air Force helicopter crashed today during a training exercise in southern Sardinia, killing both pilots.
The professionals will risk their own or their stockholders' funds, and antitrust agencies must see when competition is adversely affected.
: George Braziller, in Association with the Fogg Art Museum, Harvard University.
The criminal charges in the filing yesterday were the first brought in the investigation.
Blue-chip and consumer stocks and those sensitive to interest rates led the rally.
With 12 bottles and 16 labels, it's $16 at Bloomingdale's.
To prove their design they raised the oil price another 150 percent and with the present Iraq-Iran war fall-out as an excuse they are raising prices again, without any limit in sight.
Consumer advocates argue that depressed economic conditions, rather than liberal laws, are causing the rise in bankruptcy cases.
Watching Firuza's Tadzhik and Uzbek dances, New Yorkers may be struck not only by her facial mimicry but also by her uncommon poses and fluid movements.
They are using machine tools built in this country to outproduce us.''
Effort Made 10 Years Ago Some 10 years ago, in the days when all stockbrokers charged fixed brokerage fees, Prudential made an effort to buy a seat on the New York Stock Exchange so that it could save money on its huge stock dealings.
If these events create an impression that harness racing people thought well of the eldest son of Billy and Dorothy, the impression just could be correct.
The first player union, the Brotherhood of Professional Base Ball Players, was formed in 1885 and lasted until 1890.
Industry analysts said the mergers in which advertising agencies have stayed with businesses in their field have been good for the profitability of the larger agencies.
At the opposite pole is ''providing'' - where, for example, the state provides services to encourage nurturance, growth or learning.
Still, there is something different about him.
Two of the three categories of funds declined during the week.
He sees a short, chubby white father and son in a schoolyard, and arranges a $5 game, only to discover that Roger is, as Roger himself puts it, the only black teen-ager in America who can't play basketball.
The Koch administration will delay approving changes in the lease agreement between the city and the Port Authority on Kennedy International and La Guardia Airports until the authority ''satisfactorily resolves'' a $5 million overcharge to the city, an aide to the Mayor said yesterday.
Two years later, ''The Producers,'' a film in which ''Springtime for Hitler'' is the grand finale, found its way to the silver screen at the Fine Arts Theater on 58th Street in New York City.
LePage predicts that its international revenues will equal its Canadian revenues by 1990.
The Prime Minister also said that Japan was not given ''any explanation as to the reason for the action'' and he added that ''there was no move to coordinate with whatever action Japan may take on our economic sanctions against the Soviet Union.''
Stability is essential to the survival of Israel, to Western energy supplies, to thwarting Soviet ambitions.
To the obvious question, Buckingham Palace says, no, it has not yet been decided whether he will take his fiancee.
''In 1978,'' relates General Yoffe, ''I got a message from Prince Riza.
Her father is president of the State Tire Corporation and of Remy Yonkers Properties Real Estate Investments.
The revival of Islam in Egypt was predicted as early as 1970 by Ali Hillal Dessouki, an Egyptian political scientist.
rather than 'How can I adapt this character to whatever is successful in me?'
Then she made a serious suicide attempt.
Mrs. King, who will team with 15-year-old Andrea Jaeger in an opening-round doubles match tomorrow, said a practice round today enabled her to clear her mind of any distractions.
The administration headed by this retired general regards heavy foreign investment as the key to Brazil's future.
Mr. Reagan means to increase military outlays by an extra $6.2 billion in the 1982 fiscal year, $20.7 billion in 1983, $27 billion in 1984, $50.2 billion in 1985 and $63.1 billion in 1986.
I suppose I am just another outraged citizen.
For dinner the best steak in town is at Barberian's Steak House, 7 Elm Street, reservations a must.
Most business economists polled at a Washington meeting predicted a recession by the end of the year.
The acting Chief Justice of Barbados, Denys Williams, turned down a petition for Mr. Biggs's immediate release based on a contention by his lawyers that he was illegally detained.
Jim Stack's 10-foot shot from the side with six seconds to play lifted Northwestern to a 50-48 victory over Wisconsin tonight in a Big Ten game.
But a surge by the Americans brought them 56 points in 16 deals, and they had a commanding lead of 53 points when play resumed this afternoon.
In October 1980, using her mother's name, Cora Galvin, she was able to get a Florida license to operate a new home, Tangelia, because state law did not require that her background be checked.
He was left in Florida last week, then flew Sunday to New York as the Mets were beating the Cubs for the second time in three games.
The Outlet Book Company, for instance, says that two collections of Potter tales, published under its Derrydale and Avenel imprints, are among its best-selling children's books.
Although it was Mr. Schmidt who pressed Washington to make the original missile decision, a fact generally disregarded in the debate, the demonstrators and peace-marchers see the proposed missiles as an American attempt to ''Europeanize'' a possible nuclear war with Moscow.
To the Editor: Much has been said about the system of electing members to the Baseball Hall of Fame and, in particular, the fact that outstanding fielders have been bypassed in the selection process in favor of pitchers and hitters.
A year ago, the Moroccans began building a 280-mile wall of sand, 6 feet high and sprinkled with mines and barbed wire, enclosing what is called the ''useful Sahara.''
That was when his father, then the family breadwinner, died.
''Fundamental accuracy of statement is the ONE sole morality of writing.''
But Reagan was elected by the people.''
In the end it's all we have, the only thing we can take into the grave.
Charlotte's uses king salmon, which run from four to five pounds, and sells the whole fish or sections of it, with the bone for $11.85 a pound.
The men were waiting to see whether Mr. Murchison would show up and lay claim to the company.
The supplemental budget, one of three budgets the state enacts, is traditionally where legislators include funds for politically popular projects in their districts.
The cost of $352 a week covers accommodations, full board, tuition and craft facilities.
As the only New York City native (Staten Island) on the team, he smiled broadly when he got off the bus in Helsinki, which has bright lights and about 450,000 people.
The resignations and other management changes, which were described in a news release as ''restructuring and planning for future growth,'' followed a meeting of the Pantry Pride board yesterday in New York.
Ratification Takes 10 Days The union's constitution, which upholds the coal field custom of ''no contract, no work,'' prescribes a vote by the bargaining council and then a membership ratification procedure before a new contract can take effect.
So they formed a cooperative called the And/Or Press and began issuing titles like ''Zen Without Zen Masters,'' ''The Psychedelics Encyclopedia'' and ''The Marijuana Grower's Guide,'' books selling more briskly in metaphysical centers and head shops than in bookstores.
The word ''Spain,'' which had been displaced by the federalist-sounding phrase ''Spanish State,'' has come rapidly back into fashion, even in the mouths of Basque nationalists.
But as Thursday bore down upon the slimming ranks, controversy raged among the guests - should the diet kitchen serve a Thanksgiving dinner or not?
Fred Lynn was at .274, Willie Wilson at .271, Cecil Cooper at .270.
Citibank is providing financial advice to help guide this pilot program through the complicated tax laws involved.
Noah blamed fatigue for his defeat.
Now the mines get 56 percent of their labor from South Africa and its black ''homelands.''
"People think they will have to set their hair every night to have volume.
Such criticism is offered only in private conversations, because if said publicly it would be interpreted by the authorities as little short of treason.
Commercial banks in New York City now must pay 25.8 percent on income before Federal taxes - 13.8 percent in city taxes and 12 percent in state levies.
Awacs is an acronym for airborne warning and control system.
Bell System bonds, which are ranked among the corporate world's most creditworthy, approached yields of 17 percent.
Livestock and meat prices were mixed, with pork bellies continuing to make limit moves.
Compare that with conservation loans.
Las Vegas, Nev., that brassy, bold and late-night gambling and entertainment center, now has a huge shopping mall designed to cater to tourists who have winnings to spend.
And the election of nine new trustees beefs up the fund-raising potential of the board, headed by Charles A.
The rapidly growing American pistachio industry is another major development for Tenneco, a major processor with 40 percent of the market.
Two former officials recalled an incident in the early 1970's when Mr. Close gave approval to top Saudi officials to sell arms to Pakistan at the same time the American ambassador was denying permission.
A quick study of Saint Laurent's use of color makes clear what is happening in that realm.
Their ''wish list'' extends well beyond Government neutrality, to having Uncle Sam become a more reliable partner.
Whenever Giants Stadium, which opened four years ago, is in use, Mr. Rosamilia can usually be found atop one of the circular, fourstory pedestrian ramps at each corner of the facility, watching cars squeeze into the last of the 25,000 parking places and then standing by helplessly as latecomers head for improvised spaces on embankments and the shoulders of roadways.
Later, she added, ''It will be under continuing investigation for ultimate presentation to a grand jury.''
Al Rosen, general manager of the Houston Astros, noted that his club had spent heavily on free agents in recent years and added: ''Enough is enough.
In the words of one White House aide friendly to both, ''to get back on an even keel, Meese needs to find himself a Baker.''
However, when he reaches 65 and retirement age on April 1, he will do it with a good-sized feather in his cap.
Each cable system is a municipally licensed monopoly; even when there are 104 different channels, all of these are ultimately controlled by a single company.
Another front page showed a Government building and had the headline ''Out of Order.''
Conrail's failure to pay the smaller fine, despite several appeals from Elizabeth, triggered the cutoff, Mr. Papetti said.
Denies Spreading Lies In a letter on May 6, Mr. Dolan asserted that his group ''does not believe in lying about or distorting the record of any elected official, liberal or conservative.''
Magner Antiques, 309 Henry Street, Brooklyn, N.Y. 11201.
After all, I'm paying for the cello.
''Now I'm up at 6:45 A.M. and standing in the lobby of the D & D building by 9:10 A. M.,'' Mrs. Warwick said, referring to the designers' wholesale center on Third Avenue.
A regimen for exercise, diet and life style devised by a Hollywood television personality.
They are a matter of lif e and death.
They were in a uniformly exuberant mood, singing, waving flags, cheering as loud as their lungs would allow and, in some cases, literally dancing in the streets.
One of Picker's main products is the CAT Scanner, a device that yields X-ray data in three dimensions.
Earnings-per-share growth since 1970 has been 16.5 percent a year, and the return on capital is almost 20 percent.
Gaines's and Harper's conditions are questionable, and Clayton has never played a regular-season game.
But Thomas registered th e largest Monday-through-Friday audiences.
''However, their services vary and may not operate in every neighborhood.
The study assumes special significance because regulations recently passed by Congress are likely to increase the problems, according to Professor Schorr, who served in the old Department of Health, Education and Welfare in the Johnson Administration.
The salary shares would be set by a formula relating to length of service.
The exhibition, on view through Oct. 1, affords a look at the flora and fauna of our area from the mid-17th to the 19th century.
Ways to avoid conflict and get what you want.
If convicted, a man could be sentenced to up to five years in prison, receive a fine of up to $10,000, or both.
Last year's Final Four teams in the N.C.A.A.
''We feel a clear signal for the time frame for negotiations should be given at the meeting,'' said the high official, who declined to be identified.
Mr. Calvo Sotelo called for party unity to end dissent that has threatened to wreck his coalition of Christian Democrats, Liberals and Social Democrats.
She called this ''continued bias,'' and said it was ''unethical and truly unbelievable.''
But if one looks far enough back at any thoroughbred's pedigree, the family tree leads to the Middle East.
Pamela Bellwood Tom Keller .
Ten years later, the Soviet Union, supported by its satellites, by Arab and third-world countries, engineered the passage in the General Assembly of a resolution that condemned ''zionism'' -the small ''z'' was an added insult - as ''a form of racism and racial discrimination.''
Vincent Canby Ageless Cool FOR YOUR EYES ONLY, directed by John Glen; screenplay by Richard Maibaum and Michael Wilson; director of photography, Alan Hume; editor, John Grover; music by Bill Conti; produced by Albert R. Broccoli; released by United Artist.
(Anger) is a management vehicle.
Another criticism is that, because of Mr. Church's reduced line of authority or because he failed to communicate adequately, or both, contract arcana were not well explained.
''I knew there was pressure when I said I would take the job,'' said the former shortstop, coach, administrative assistant, minor league manager and major league general manager.
At a packed hearing today, Dr. Rosenberg, chairman of the department of human genetics at the Yale University School of Medicine and former president of the American Society of Human Genetics, said there was no scientific evidence to prove when human life begins and that and that scientists who believed otherwise ''have failed to distinguish between their personal biases and their profesional scientific judgments.''
''This committee is stacked with people who have vested interests,'' she said.
Mr. Middleton said that Robert F. Flacke, the Department of Environmental Conservation Commissioner, would tour the state-owned oak-brush plains late this month to advise on the final boundaries of the proposed preserve.
Crude oil production in Venezuela for the week ended Wednesday averaged 2.09 million barrels daily, the Ministry of Energy and Mines reported today.
Hard Decisions for Parents If ultrasound testing yields no explanation, the woman usually undergoes amniocentesis, the extraction of a small amount of amniotic fluid through a needle inserted in her abdomen.
The experimental results expected from proton-proton collisions are basically different from those in proton-antiproton collisions.
I ran back to the street.
The CBS Radio Network today denied Lane Kirkland, president of the A.F.L.-C.I.O, permission to broadcast a Labor Day message ''almost entirely devoted'' to attacking the policies of the Reagan Administration.
These discussions often trace the idea of women living without expectation of marriage to George Gissing's ''odd women,'' D.H. Lawrence's strong-willed women and Doris Lessing's free women ... but Susan Anthony's single women?
The long-term game of inclusion and exclusion of the parties to the Arab-Israeli conflict should end at the negotiating table.
''We got what we came here for, which was to make the final four that will play for the championship.
Officials suggested that the figure could go even higher.
His advice is borne out, he says, by the trail of events that followed the train that stopped in Trenton while carrying Abraham Lincoln to his inauguration in 1861.
The theater was her church.''
Tigers 3, White Sox 1 CHICAGO (AP) - Steve Kemp belted a two-run triple and Kirk Gibson extended his hitting streak to 10 games with a pair of singles and scored on a single by Al Cowens to back Milt Wilcox's five-hitter for Detroit.
Keystone Beatrix and Quick Mouse won the split divisions of the $196,060 New York Sire Stakes for 3-year-old pacing fillies at Roosevelt Raceway tonight.
I have been a starter for most of my career.
Other supporters of some form of pretrial detention say that it would be more honest, and more fair to poor defendants, for judges to consider openly whether defendants are too dangerous to be released rather than doing so surreptitiously under the guise of setting bail to insure their appearance at trial.
By forcing what is in effect, a vote of approval on the negotiated settlement, the party may be heading off future criticism of the arrangement.
He does not know where he will go after the season.
In blocking the lower court order, the appeals court said that the Constitution ''does not mandate comfortable prisons.''
Researchers at the University of Illinois Medical Center in Chicago said Thursday that they had bred a strain of bacteria that feeds on the major component of Agent Orange.
Since she took them, though, the country has become coast-to-coast shopping centers and agribusiness; it's not improbable that the photographer's stand of 22 Corinthian columns with shrubs sprouting from their capitals - all that remained of an old mansion - is now a tourist attraction.
Robert W. Potter, a reporter and editor at The New York Times for 30 years until his retirement in 1965, died Monday at the White Plains Hospital Medical Center.
Indications of Wealth As a regent, Mr. Smith had to make public a financial statement last April.
He is suing Fox for more than $20 million, charging that the movie company breached his contract, thus forcing his resignation.
The federation's program, as approved at its last convention, proposes that a maximum benefit be set at three-fourths of the statewide average weekly wage ($285, according to the latest figures) and that it be automatically adjusted each year to keep it at the threequarter level.
Mr. Shaheen's assertion of false statements by Billy Carter was similar to the findings of his preliminary ''status report'' last October.
Thus formal order did not entirely abolish the unpredictable.
... Thurmond Richards, 33, was found stabbed to death in his basement apartment at 88-11 208th Street in Queens Village by firemen who arrived to put out a small blaze at 5:20 A.M. ...
Readers are invited to send in questions about food and cooking techniques to Craig Claiborne, Food Editor, The New York Times, 229 West 43d Street, New York, N.Y. 10036.
The move came two weeks after a bid by Dome Petroleum, a Canadian company, for 13 percent of the shares of the American oil company.
The County Executive accused the Sheriff of misusing his office by providing special favors and of failing in many ways to function properly as the Commissioner.
We need a map of what they mean by the words they utter, a full understanding of the way each country will establish institutions to give those words reality.
Well Decorated took the lead at the start and, after shaking off Engine One's challenge, drew away in the stretch.
That's where our priorities will lie.''
Townsend Greenspan, on the other hand, is predicting that the prime rate will average 11.7 percent in 1983, with a deficit of about $109 billion and the economy continuing to grow.
About half the controllers work at ''en route'' facilities, which track planes as far as 500 miles out; they may be responsible for as many as 25 flights at one time.
The first stop on the tour was San Francisco, which was then experiencing the high tide of hippiedom - love, flowers, psychedelic drugs.
A provincial trade delegation, led by Premier William Bennett, is preparing to depart for the area in February.
With American officials aware of European caution about the situation, there was no effort to dramatize the crackdown in Poland, aides to Mr. Haig said.
Squaw Valley (Olympic Valley) CHARACTERISTICS.
The economics editor of The Times of London said her policies, after two years of searching for light at the end of the dark, deflationary tunnel, were ''ensuring that at the end of the tunnel there is another tunnel.''
* American Cyanamid Co. has agreed to purchase a 20 percent equity in Molecular Genetics Inc. for $5.5 million.
Stress Put on Mao's Merits The article began with a reference to the position known to be taken by Deputy Chairman Deng Xiaoping that Mao's merits were primary and his mistakes secondary and it urged all Communists to appraise the late Chairman in that light.
Wilson Pickett was different; he was the Midnight Mover, a ''man and a half,'' who announced his virility with lusty screams that sounded as though they were being torn from his throat.
France shows no sign of intending to go to war in Africa; on the other hand the public statements about support, the private statements about military support, and conceivably the eventual movement of military equipment or even, if requested, a small detachment of Foreign Legion troops, would be designed to show French firmness and make any bigger involvement unnecessary.
Although some union leaders are planning to adopt a defensive posture as a new administration, generally expected to favor business, moves into the nation's capital, labor-management relations could actually improve in some areas in the near future.
The Kings erased a 24-point deficit by outscoring the Spurs, 22-6, during a 5 1/2-minute stretch in the fourth period.
He was executed in 1977.
''That was the idea of the trade.
He left no immediate survivors.
From Wednesday to today, the President was told that he was strong, vigorous, courageous, circumspect and energetic, and the United States was described as authoritative, dignified, confident and self-assured.
One of the oddest international episodes of late was the coup attempted in the Seychelles by a band of white mercenaries.
Mr. Packard's request for help was born out of a rough day at the office and the long train trip home to Greenwich, Conn. Its direct - although almost endlessly delayed - legacy was the creation of an extraordinary series of children's books.
Everybody does - length of stride, height of knees to develop that stride, body orientation, speed of the race, rhythm of the race, approach to the hurdle.
''It's one of the toughest jobs in the world.
T HERE weren't many masks on the guests at the New Museum's masked ball at the Metropolitan Club on Wednesday, but the masks on display made up for it.
But jobs came slowly - three in the first two months - until word of the firm's existence filtered through the informal network of antipoverty agencies in Chicago.
The last time Still's works were sold, in 1977, his ''Untitled'' (1954) went for $165,000, and ''Untitled in Blue'' (1954) sold for $80,000.
The dock workers' action seemed motivated as much by frustration as by anything else.
Unfortunately, no matter how creative food service personnel may be under either the current or new regulations, a basic problem about school lunches will remain unresolved.
This point has loomed large since prosecution witnesses have described that as a ''defensive'' position, or one used to ward off an attack.
SERVICE: We didn't know what the reason was.
After Mr. Waldheim's discharge, he studied law - and he learned other lessons as well.
''And we don't get involved in partisan, philosophical fights.''
Howard Freeman, a public relations executive and a major general in the National Guard, died of cancer at his home here yesterday.
She expressed concern about what Westernization: ''We think about this Westernization process a lot, and among some of us there is concern about Western influence.
He is a very good writer, too.
He is believed to have informed Mr. Phelan that he wants to work in some business where he can obtain equity participation but that he does not have a new job waiting.
Mr. Reagan, upon completing his oath, kissed his wife and shook hands with Chief Justice Burger, and then also waved at the applauding, cheering crowd, as Mrs. Reagan, wearing a bright red crepe dress and matching hat and coat, beamed at his side.
''They cover and support so well and move into positioning with perfect timing,'' said Robert Iarusci, the sweeper of the Cosmos.
Many bond market analysts explain that a sustained move to higher bond prices is unlikely as long as the volume of new issues is large and short-term rates remain well above long-term rates.
So here is Cooney, with 21 knockouts, already a million-dollar fighter, his purse last night, but one who has not convinced the skeptics.
As the Najaden heads back to its base on Bornholm Island, the crew is in a somber mood, its patrol over for today.
''Very simply, the American people know what each of us knows - it doesn't work.''
This concept could not be overemphasized, for with its understanding came our ability to make difficult decisions.
All my life I have suffered from inaction.''
Representatives of the nation's major commercial television networks defended their practice of projecting results based on partial returns and polls of voters after they cast their ballots, and contended that there was no convincing evidence to show that this practice, or President Carter's concession of defeat before some West Coast polling places closed last Nov. 4, had reduced voter turnout in the West.
The State of Sao Paulo has lost almost two-thirds of its 1981-82 coffee crop because of recent frosts, the state's agriculture secretary, Afif Domingos, said.
The Police Federation, the police union, said it would be renewing pressure on the Government to ban the sale of guns that shoot only blanks.
Generally, however, manufacturers have settled on some standards.
The antiques shop appears to have outlived the corner grocery in a world that is fast consolidating and Manhattan streets (and some streets in other boroughs, too) are filled with ancient, irreplaceable breakables whose only modern feature is the price tag.
This change is beginning to happen in Detroit, but not fast enough, as the pressure for these recent trade agreements indicates.
No official cause of death has been determined, the spokesman said, adding that a medical report would be issued today.
His statement followed reports of ''X'' car shortcomings resulting from poor workmanship.
Lower benefits for early retirement, for example, could be phased in, though the revenue loss, the Administration insists, would have to made up elsewhere.
Should he fail and give Black time to play .
It needs only to keep clear that it speaks not for diplomatic advantage but for universal principle and conscience.
1 THE OFFICIAL PREPPY HANDBOOK, edited by Lisa Birnbach.
''There's an awful lot of 'who are these people, where did they come from, they couldn't possibly be serious,' '' said one nonnetwork reporter.
It lies in the deepest patriotic interests of us all.''
But I still have faith in the city and think things can be turned around.''
Approach to Programs ''On the surface, it is hard to fault these well-meaning programs,'' the study said.
'Daily Loaf' Assured In 1928, the writer moved to Florence, working first in a publishing house and then as head of the Gabi netto Vieusseux Library.
Cornelius Heery of Quincy, Mass.
officials were concerned about the potential military applications of the 101 system, according to a former Defense Department official.
But critics of his action contended that it was not the License Commissioner's role to act as a censor, and Mr. McCaffrey later dropped his attempts to prohibit the movie from being shown.
These goals would add to expenses because transporting forces and sustaining them far away is costly.
Whether by chance or competitive savvy, however, Boston's station WGBH dramatically stole some of WNET's programming thunder by getting the rights to a live broadcast of ''The Haggadah: A Passover Cantata'' from New York's Public Theater on Saturday night.
Perkins pointed to some of the Eagles' impressive statistics - 178 yards rushing, a 4.1-yard rushing average, 59 percent success on third-down conversions.
In the Skocpol case, the vote was so close that even the slightest amount of bias would have been crucial.
As a group, turntables in this class have attained a musically satisfactory level of performance without the sophisticated refinements found in more expensive designs, and the tonearms furnished with these low-cost designs are capable of tracking at low stylus pressures (1.5 grams or less), thereby minimizing record wear.
Until now they built toward an ultimate confrontation without reaching it; then they ebbed, as if both sides were exhausted or scared.
As it endangers the lives of my crew, the loss of property and eventual damage to the vessel, I have to protest strongly.''
In 1980, Transatlantic was up 48.4 percent, compared with a 32.5 percent return for the S.&P.
She was until recently associate director of development at the Johns Hopkins Medical Institutions.
A 1980 Exxon Corporation report concluded that Soviet output ''will be relatively stable, in the 11 to 12 million barrels per day range through (the year) 2000.''
Mr. Gonzalez del Solar said today that he knew nothing of the tank deal and that it was unrelated to his resignation.
he asked as he looked over the merchandise.
It begins: i smiled/ your smile/ till my mouth/ was set/ and my face/ was tight/ and it wasn't right/ it was wrong/ i was you baby/ i was you too long.
Within the past two decades, Americans have become admirably aware of one of the most elegant of all French creations, a delicate specialty called quenelles, primarily quenelles of pike or other fish.
The ''Plan'' - a complete architectural, historical and, as it turns out, anthropological description of the famous Swiss monastery and its corporate life through the centuries - was begun in 1967, to be a book of 700 pages with 561 illustrations.
The companies normally hire few liberal arts graduates anyway, he noted.
But if we do not feel attached to our cities, it is but a short jump to not feeling attached to our society.
The college would serve as a professional group that would accredit journalists and protect the rights of journalists.
''If you know someone who is doing what you want to do,'' he said, ''talk to him and find out who is the right person to talk to in the company about a job.
An 18-month undercover investigation into trafficking in protected birds, most of them bald eagles, has resulted in an indictment against 22 persons, 16 of whom were arrested by Federal and state wildlife agents in a raid early yesterday.
Morgan, then as now, was widely regarded as Wall Street's foremost investment banker.
I think staying too long is a much more grievous thing than leaving too early.''
''The audiences would not let us get beyond parody,'' he says.
''We respond to pressure by tensing up our muscles and that lays the groundwork for a headache,'' he says.
He charged Mao with having pushed ''socialist revolution and socialist construction'' too far and too fast and said that he had pursued the ''class struggle in absolute terms and exaggerated its scope.''
The director of Symphony Space, Verna Gillis, credits the donation with allowing the theater's offices to remain open this summer.
The company is listed on the Pacific Stock Exchange
Hubie Brooks remained one of the reasons behind Torre's lingering optimism.
His importance in this regard has been amply confirmed in the big retrospective exhibition, organized by Diane Waldman, that is currently on view at the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum in New York through July 19.
Several telephone calls were made to Mr. Close's listed number in Saudi Arabia, but no one answered the phone.
''But I don't believe the Governor is saying we should unbalance our budget or cut services,'' he said.
It was a shocking but heart-tearing moment and Mr. Salminen carried it off brilliantly.
Officials estimate that the total will be more than $19 million in 1982.
Bench, head down, waved, and disappeared into the dugout.
The nine-year-old complaint has attracted national attention in business and consumer circles.
400 Employees in Five Years The plant, and a companion recycling facility to separate glass and metal from the garbage, will employ 400 people when full production starts in five years, Mr. Kidwell said.
The best seats in the Rose Bowl at that time were $4.40, quite a difference from today's prices.
''It's largely a cosmetic move to impress opinion abroad, including the United States.''
John Walker of New Zealand was third at 3:52.8, the fourth-fastest indoor mile, and Ray Flynn, also of Ireland, was fourth in 3:53.6.
Dozens of Senators want to rescue Mr. Reagan from international embarrassment.
Women do so for a variety of reasons: a sense of identity with their premarriage name; a final statement that the marriage is over; anger about carrying around the name of someone to whom you are no longer married; or simply a statement of independence.
The $3 million inventory will include special purchases as well as D'Agostino's own stock from showrooms in Mount Kisco, Baldwin Place, Peekskill and White Plains - all of which will close for the week - and the Norwalk, Conn., store, which will remain open.
Seconds before Picard shot, Smith was run into by the Canadiens' Bob Gainey, with the goalie falling on his back in his crease.
JOHN S. CONAGHAN, Master, Retired Harwich, Mass.
My father grew up with the Beatles.''
Butch Goring, the center who was benched on Saturday night by Coach Al Arbour before the Islanders broke a five-game nonwinning streak with a 6-3 victory over the Chicago Black Hawks, said yesterday he was unhappy about the benching.
But ticket price inflation was 9 percent last year.
A $160 million plant here will make ethanol from municipal garbage and from agricultural, industrial and forest wastes, using a process developed by the Gulf Oil Chemicals Company and the University of Arkansas Biomass Research Center.
How healthy is the engineering profession?
A group of 9- and 10-year-olds were learning about alternate forms of energy in an astronomy class.
He said these measures were needed ''to preserve public safety by cutting down drastically on unauthorized leaves or escapes.''
A dazzling and benevolent sun took some of the bite out of temperatures in the low 30's and a kick-up-your-heels holiday mood swept the crowd, estimated by the police to be ''several million'' and one of the largest in the parade's 55-year history.
A part-time preacher and a justice of the peace officiated.
The Klansmen retreated into the building as the police charged the crowd.
The same voters who gave the Liberal Party of Pierre Elliott Trudeau, a Quebecer, 74 of 75 seats in the House of Commons last year gave Parti Quebecois, Mr. Trudeau's strongest adversary, 80 of 122 seats in Quebec's National Assembly yesterday.
Mayor Koch's campaign workers have started making an estimated 9,000 telephone calls to enrolled Republicans in an effort to identify potential Koch supporters in the Republican mayoral primary against Assemblyman John A. Esposito.
Andrew C. Sigler, the chairman and chief executive officer of Champion, said that the company's decision to support the suburban extension of the Whitney beyond Manhattan preceded the Reagan Administration's proposed financial cutbacks to art programs around the nation.
But he is not convinced the next President will do the same.
(Historically, actual returns from common stocks have exceeded actual bond returns by about the same amount,) But the advantage of stocks over bonds has been quite variable.
The address is Question Box, SportsMonday, The New York Times, 229 West 43d Street, New York, N.Y. 10036.
''It is a very common practice not to start with a zero base if you want to magnify something out of proportion to your advantage.
But the biggest contributor to the goal was Jeff Durgan of the Cosmos.
A state of emergency was declared by Vice President Abdus Sattar, who assumed the duties of Acting President.
Watching them at work in Washington these days is a laboratory lesson in the forming of public opinion.
Quotas, which are based on a country's output of goods and services, the size of its foreign trade and the amount of reserves held by its central bank, among other determinants, are typically financed 75 percent by the member's own currency and the other 25 percent by special drawing rights.
In addition, doctors can pass the costs on to their patients through increased fees.
He flew to the Etzion Airfield, the modern Israeli base in a slice of the Sinai that is to be returned to Egypt next year.
Mr. Alda is to be taken for the individual he is now, not what he once was, and as long as he is satisfied, what else really matters?
If Miss Brown and Mr. Gordon are senior Judson charter members, the pieces they showed yesterday in the Children's Theater owe little to the non-dance movements and chance procedures that were prevalent in the 1960's.
Sheets said recent modifications ''generally'' protect against leaks and make changes in pumping.
When I wrote that ''even a teaspoonful of basil contains one milligram of sodium,'' I was taken to task by a member of the American Spice Trade Association.
''I think some people maybe felt it should be phased out a little more slowly,'' he said.
''But I'm not going to count him out.''
''I had my 50th last year and I really give her credit,'' said Irene Massa, who knows Miss Piscitelli from the Women's Auxiliary of the Dante Alighieri Society.
The death may come by illness, accident or a vicious clout, but the effect is a sharp reminder, she says, that the most innocent are guilty of murderous thoughts, and that sometimes the thought becomes deed.
He also did not have to remind anyone that the Cowboys, whom the Giants play next Sunday at Texas Stadium, are a perennial power and not to be confused with the Saints.
What should a lawyer do with a check made out to him for eventual payment to his client?
Remove any old paint that is loose, flaking or breaking down in any way.
Her grandfather, the late John Brownlee, was a leading baritone of the Metropolitan Opera Company.
They also made clear that if Britain did not make some concessions the hunger strike would continue until London stopped ''refusing to act sensibly, humanely and realistically.''
But their situation illustrates the world of danger and growing impotence in which El Salvador's elite must live if they wish to stay in the country they once ruled without challenge.
The engagement of Sarah Elizabeth McCarty, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Laurence Reed McCarty of Louisville, Ky., to Peter York Solmssen, son of Mr. and Mrs. Arthur R.G.
200-Mile Fishing Zone Cited Senator Carl Levin, Democrat of Michigan, disagreed, contending that the new 200-mile United States fishing zone would protect the seals from ocean hunting, thus removing any reason for the treaty.
He obliges with accounts of the activities of ''his'' guerrillas, who, he says, number around 100,000.
''We are a majority in the community and a minority on the board.
A trainer is held responsible for any trace of drugs found in his horses, no matter how they got there.
The fire was confined to the ballroom, which is two floors below the first floor of guest rooms.
Two agencies ago - or was it three - Mr. Lois took a small brokerage named Edwards & Hanly onto TV advertising for the first time.
Recent challenges to actuarily based pension plans have not directly disputed such generalities.
Both requests represent considerable revisions of traditional urban housing philosophies.
Then, without removing the brains from the casserole, mash them into small pieces with the back of a wooden spoon.
An autopsy later revealed that she died after having been hurled from the roof of the Met.
He eventually started to make a profit.''
For another, the Board of Estimate, with its power over contracts, franchises and zoning changes, has always overshadowed it.
Benny Browning, an official of the United Mine Workers, said that many miners returned to work today.
One evening, as Geri and I were descending the stairs to the cinema, a tall, middle-aged man began chatting with us.
Mr. Greenblatt cited as examples the need to find witnesses who might no longer be alive and documents that might no longer exist to clear his client.
''After that I wrote Yiddish, Yiddish, Yiddish.''
Edwards never obtrudes his literary concerns into Ebenezer's restless sorting out of the past.
Of course, any competitor has the right to create as much income as is possible by means of his or her athletic talent; but why criticize the Olympic Games, as has been done, for not changing the rules to accommodate them?
The result was grander, more graceful proportions.
The statement by the Governor and the Mayor drew a mixed response from the other participants in the meeting.
Even so, reduced services and fiscal collapse can be expected in many cities, the report said.
Peru and Canada normally produce 40 million ounces each of newly mined silver each year, while Mexico's output runs about 50 million and the United States, roughly 35 million.
And that prospect, the haunting image of being among these injured survivors of nuclear war, is one that few individuals can easily accept, he said.
Hours are 10 A.M. to 8 P.M. Monday through Saturday.
In theory, judges in the Federal system and most states may not legally jail defendants in noncapital cases before trial on the ground that they may commit crimes or pose a danger to others.
''Still, we've had a lot of laughs and a lot of fun.
The total amount of work was unbelievable.
Called cut-ins because of the indentation in the print which allowed them to nestle close by the relevant text, they have all but been eliminated.
''It may come down to how much it is worth, how much are we willing to spend,'' he added.
He is also the author of a large and significant body of work on international affairs.
This would turn the terrible logic of the counterforce doctrine on its head.
The Senate bill eliminates financing of the reserve through the fiscal year 1984.
American retailers say it is nothing more than protectionism.
Israel today is not nearly so desperate as Prime Minister Begin contends.
The suddenly, the energy crisis brought the era of prosperity to an end in 1973, leaving millions of Americans in a solipsistic quandary.
For all this, friends of Steinbrenner - some people may be surprised that there is such a group - say that beneath his gruff, fleshy exterior there beats a gruff and fleshy heart, but a heart nonetheless.
Sergeant Cramer became involved, and then Mr. Sonds attacked him, the police said, and after first firing a warning shot he shot Mr. Sonds in the chest.
''Sometimes, they're just destroye d. Sometimes, like the costumes for 'Follies,' which were in excel lent shape because the show ran only a short time, they are put in st orage.
Be politic, was one body of advice at the meeting, and cooperate with Mr. Stockman and ''our friends'' at the budget office.
Chicago scored on a 2-yard run by Payton, a 37-yard field goal by Bob Thomas and a 12-yard pass from Vince Evans to Robin Earl.
TOWN HALL and National Public Radio in Washington are close to an agreement that could have a far-reaching impact on both organizations.
When they do, they usually give a concert.
Mr. Russell took over the family business when his father died in 1957 and began to expand it.
Outdoor booths sell religious souvenirs, such as bags of chitose ame, or thousand-year candy, a wheat-based sweet that expresses the parents' desire for their children to have long lives.
Since the Prime Minister legalized the Communist Party in 1977, top generals have considered Mr. Suarez unrealiable, and their displeasure with him has mounted with the rising terrorism in the Basque region.
In 1971, the company undertook a long-range self-help program.
Many dormant seeds of lawn and garden weeds are underground now and will germinate when the soil is warm and moist.
At least then I could afford every item in the store.
To New York audiences, Mr. Walcott is probably best known as the author of such plays as ''Dream on Monkey Mountain'' and ''Ti-Jean and His Brothers,'' which were staged by the Negro Ensemble Company and the Public Theater in the early 70's.
He said in an interview that he hoped to raise $50,000, but meanwhile is running a spartan campaign with no paid staff or headquarters.
Howard followed wi th a sinking line drive to center, which dropped off Dave Green's glove, and Wilson scored.
The dollar rebounded late yesterday after a week of declines tied to lower interest rates in the United States.
Is this the portent signaling the end of photography's boom years?
George Nicholau, the arbitrator in disputes arising from the right of first refusal involving basketball free agents, held a hearing yesterday to place a money value on the stock option the Seattle SuperSonics have offered Alex English, the Denver Nuggets' free agent.
With ample rice and additional money, farmers became consumers.
Shepherd, who is 39 years old, has been racing stock cars for 11 years but technically he has to be classified a rookie because this is his first year in the top echelon of Nascar racing.
The woman who is the card girl for a boxing match has sprained her ankle running away from harassment.
''He has not had a lethal dose of radiation in terms of his bone marrow,'' says Dr. C. Thomas Thompson at St. Francis.
I can't understand how, in conscience, they did that.''
He finally relented and began handling civil matters, but that lasted only until May.
He is a physicist with the Consolidated Edison Company of New York.
Whether he returned to work, he was quick to add, would ''depend on my colleagues at the White House.''
''He was perfectly comfortable in the pin-striped, diplomatic world that was his cover,'' the former official said.
Besides suggesting that cuts in the military budget would encourage the Soviet Union, the officials said, Mr. Carlucci suggested that such cuts would make it difficult for the Administration to persuade America's allies to increase military spending.
A Slower Pace After a half-century of nonstop globe-trotting, Mrs. Luce says she is slowing down a bit.
The large cast is entirely composed of young people, members of the Fact Company, under the direction of Meridee Stein.
However, citizen participation in law enforcement, as in all other areas, is crucial if we are to restore safety to our streets and power to our communities.
When protests to representatives of the film's producer, Philippe Dussart, brought no response, Mr. Sonfist says, he filed suit in Federal Court.
An aide said the funds were going to about 300,000 welfare households, 200,000 receiving Supplemental Security Income benefits and 200,000 other needy families.
In another, the good guys are abducted by the monsters and carried to the monsters' secret lair aboard exactly the sort of boat one might win on a television quiz show.
''You'll probably find he's the same housebreaker who's been terrorizing housewives down on Walnut Street by turning up in the laundry room to ask why they use inferior detergents.''
The lacy seed pods remain through most of the winter.
In only 10 days of April, after the Reagan Administration announced it would seek cuts in the Social Security program, Senator Moynihan received 37,071 letters, mostly against the proposal, an amount almost equal to that of the previous month.
I T seems like just yesterday - actually it was two years ago - when satellite receivers were being offered by Neiman-Marcus of Texas for $13,000.
But he conceded, ''I'm not saying that if we had control of the Apportionment Board, we'd be pushing it at this time.''
Shirley, who had been placed in foster care, was returned to her parents in Norwich, N.Y., in January 1979.
''I should have arranged to quit right there,'' he said.
After four weeks and more than 50 witnesses, testimony ended yesterday in the Abscam bribery trial of Senator Harrison A. Williams Jr., with the jury expected to begin deliberating the fate of the New Jersey Democrat tomorrow.
''Conoco is just going to be a monkey on your back, just like the one you see here,'' one shareholder said, motioning to a stuffed toy monkey perched on her back.
Federated Federated, which operates Bloomingdale's and Abraham & Straus stores, said its net for the quarter was $51.6 million, or $1.06 a share, against $105.4 million, or $2.16 cents a share, in the same 1980 quarter.
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.
And his recruiting speech consisted of saying, 'Well, Joe, if you'd like to come to Pacific and abide by the rules, behave yourself and keep your grades up, we'll be glad to have you.'
And there was no parade to remind the world of Dixon's new status as a Presidential hometown.
His mother is on the adminstrative staff of the Collegiate School in New York.
The 35-year-old executive will be the second woman to head production at a major studio, following by two years Sherry Lansing, president of 20th Century-Fox.
It stated goals are to oppose atomic weapons in Europe, to persaude NATO members to withdraw their support for possible deployment of the American middle-range missiles and to encourage European governments to open disarmament negotiations ''on their own initiative.''
Fourteen pieces, 16 inches long, $7.50.
While the university enjoys an edge in attracting Orthodox Jewish youths as undergraduates, its appeal does not extend far beyond that group.
His father is a New York lawyer.
The Court heard its last scheduled arguments of the term in April, and will probably complete the regular business of the term around July 1.
If Morrell would agree to supply him with the case ends, he would turn them into handsome trays at his home workshop on Long Island.
He said he was fortunate that someone as famous as Weisweiler found him and that he would do his best not to let anyone down.
Another analyst, who refused to be identified because of his firm's long association with Conoco, spoke of a ''siege mentality.''
handled basket from the crackling fireplace, shook out some roasted nuts and handed them to visitors gathered in the main lodge of the Chimney Corners resort here.
Morandi's capacity as a practiced and traditional disciplinarian allowed him to eloquently address questions of what makes poetry in painting.
When I saw it, I said to myself, 'I've got quite a challenge here.'
It has taken him to New Zealand, Australia, Norway and even the United States - as an illegal alien -but he always comes back.
Professor Allen misses this essential dimension of Emerson's work and thereby diminishes the man by encasing him in just the sort of narrative consistency he abhorred.
Foyt emerged eventually and got on his motorcycle.
Although yields on Treasury bonds were well below those on corporate issues, analysts point out that the Treasury issues cannot be called in, while most new corporate issues may be retired after five or ten years.
Although that film about an embattled police precinct in the South Bronx has already stirred some controversy - a coalition of community groups charged that the film stereotypes blacks and Puerto Ricans - Mr. Newman, who has accumulated a long list of liberal credentials over the years, maintains that the picture simply depicts certain sobering realities the way they are.
There is something else about Herb Brooks that Mariucci wants to talk about.
All Coney Island seems to think that something grand at the Steeplechase would benefit the whole community.
The Arab countries, which keep a good deal of their money here, also dislike the idea, and King Khalid of Saudi Arabia said as much to Mr. Mitterrand on a recent visit.
It has 15 rooms, including a 1,000-bottle wine cellar.
And if South's diamonds were weaker, that was the suit to lead.
LA GRAN SCENA Opera Company at the Orpheum Theater on Second Avenue asks - and answers - the question: If there are no more great women to sing dramatic soprano roles, why not men?.
Contracts for Paris and London concerts that might have launched an international career during the 1940's lie moldering in his desk to this day.
Human Rights Policy Criticized Among other areas of disagreement, Mr. Carter said he was disappointed by the commission's criticism of his human rights policy abroad.
* OKC Corporation completed the sale of its refining division to Basin Refining Inc. for $100 million in cash and notes.
And that small plane didn't have any explosives, only a sign fluttering behind it that complained, ''15 Years of Lousy Football....We've Had Enough.''
The Baymen scored first in the opening period, on a 1-yard run by Mike Trezza, but Locust Valley rallied with two second-quarter touchdowns, both on passes to Jim Kelly.
To many, Mr. Schub's playing lacks warmth and charm.
Libya's official oil price is $40 a barrel.
The agreement, which was initialled by County Executive Alfred B. DelBello and Supervisor Anthony Posillipo of Rye, calls for use of a ''preferential runway system,'' or night-time alternative, to reduce aircraft noise over residential areas.
The unemployment rate among all black and other minority workers rose sharply in August to 15 percent, from 13.6 percent in July, while white unemployment was little changed at 6.1 percent, Dr. Norwood said.
Officials said that Frank C. Carlucci, the Deputy Secretary of Defense and a former Deputy Director of Central Intelligence, has also privately expressed some support for the proposal.
Files to Be Abolished The Government plans to abolish security police files on citizens, and to introduce legislation loosening restrictions on the activities of labor unions and civil servants.
Intimations of an unexpected conclusion late tonight to what had begun as a desultory semiannual meeting, with little indication that an agreement might be reached, lent added drama to the gathering of delegates in the cavernous ballroom of the Intercontinental Hotel.
Without scenes and dialogue, I just feel at a loss.
In the calf's liver Veneziana, slightly oversized but nicely cooked nuggets of liver were sauteed with onions and sparked with vinegar.
Mr. Siegel, after giving a brief talk in which he explained with admirable lucidity the tangled history of the Fantasy itself and the 15 measures that the composer decided for unknown reasons not to publish, went on to perform the work in its original version and to make a powerful case for it.
Malcolm Baldrige, the Secretary of Commerce, told reporters there were ''20 reasons'' he should inherit the bulk of the agency, including scientific and managerial training gleaned from his oversight of the National Bureau of Standards.
Mr. Bachmann will follow ''Whose Life Is It Anyway?''
The campus programs included films, seminars, panel discussions and speeches by well-known scientists, physicians, retired military leaders and politicians, including some associated with the Manhattan Project, which developed the first atomic bomb.
It is the season of rebirth, she acknowledged, as she opened the door.
The study has also been distributed and read in Roman Catholic and university circles that are critical of American policy in El Salvador.
His batter produces cones with the most appealing egg-and-sugar flavor, and the texture combines exactly the right degrees of crispness with enough body to keep them intact if they are not held too tightly.
The first big wave of law firm expansions after World War II centered on the establishment of Washington offices by big-city firms that wanted to serve the interests of clients who had dealings with Congress and Federal regulatory agencies.
Prime Minister Botha's intention, he said, is to maneuver the white political leaders in the territory into accepting the settlement proposals, so that he can later say the decision was theirs and not his.
Changes our society is about to undergo.
Participating in the festival are many bands and orchestras, singers of old Dominican songs and folkloric and cultural groups from throughout the country.
A horseman doesn't know what he's going to get for his investment - and he has to spend $2,000 a month to stay even.''
Therefore, during the nine months of production, Mrs. Dintenfass and her studio assistant went through nearly 9,000 pounds of clay in order to get the necessary pieces for the works.
At most, he said, radioactive debris would be thrown 1,000 feet by the bombing of an operating reactor.
All casting in theater or films is compromise, and ''Pug Henry'' himself is not out in Hollywood looking for an acting job.
Among the theories: The main track here is dirt, not sand and loam as at Aqueduct and Belmont, and horses react differently to the footing; the bettors here tend to back big-name horses whether or not they are currently in top form, creating false favorites; there are almost no divisions with clear leaders, and the top horses seem to keep beating one another; there's something about the country grass and upstate well water.
Mr. Fox said later, however, that Mr. LaRue, the mediator, ''suggested we refrain from serving them while negotiations were in progress.''
At first, Walker became annoyed at the attention that the insurance policy received.
The Court did not specify whether provincial consent meant unanimity or a majority.
The nation's machine tool industry, now suffering a severe slump in orders, nevertheless completed the second best year in its history last year, thanks to the strong first half.
Mr. Rose, who is a Seatrain director, succeeds Stephen Russell.
Wives are caught ''in flagrante delicto.''
Colonel Tejero seems to have regarded his storming of the Parliament as a gesture comparable to Franco's flying to Africa to take command of the troops: the signal for a general rising.
New York City and a major Canadian developer have reached a tentative agreement to convert the vacant, vandal-scarred former Police Headquarters in lower Manhattan into a 125-room lu x ury hotel with a restaurant, theater and other community facilities.
The exhibition will continue through Jan. 25.
But we're not going to have any openings for several months.
The diamond jubilee of Pace University, which has campuses in Pleasantville, White Plains and New York City, will be observed by Westchester County, starting Oct. 5.
Prices range from $2.60 for yakitori to $4.50 for unagi (broiled eel), both with rice and pickles.
Dave Lopes walked, was singled to third by Ken Landreaux and scored as Dusty Baker hit into a double play.
Metro Zoo recently sold its three chimpanzees, all of which had been handraised and none of which had ever mated.
To shake up a company and an audience as excitingly as Mr. Tomlinson did is no mean achievement.
She would like to see support from Japanese corporations, which, she suggested, do not realize the value of the program.
Why, during the late 60's and early 70's, did bulmarexia, in which periods of extreme eating are following by self-induced vomiting, begin to be observed as a condition among women?
There is something ironic about Salzburg and Mozart.
Velez then hit a sinking line drive off Mike Witt (5-9) that fe ll in front of Juan Beniquez in center field and went under his glo ve, allowing Iorg and Mayberry to score.
Also I don't have the particular constitution for sitting in small, airless rooms that smell like the insides of someone's socks.''
When the game began, the two antagonists looked away from each other and refused to shake hands.
T HE cutbacks were not all even.
The pieces include industrial and handmade textiles from the second century B.C.
(In malted barley, the grains are allowed to sprout before distillation.)
On game days he wanders around the hotel lobby, looking like a lost child.
Somebody ought to do one about the Reagans.''
Lawsuits have been instituted stemming from cloud-seeding efforts, and Mr. DelBello said that the possibility of liability on the county's part could not be discounted.
Mary Francina Golden plays Sally Talley.
The caution is well placed.
The menu was identical to that served at Merrywood - lobster bisque, saddle of veal, and raspberry sherbet rings.
''Something might be gaining on you.''
He came to the club as a free agent after playing the previous season with the Seattle SuperSonics.
Butter a shallow casserole and line it with buttered aluminum foil.
''People just aren't aware of how vulnerable we are.''
Brooklyn College (2-2) defeated visiting New York Maritime, 26-6, as Bob Ladson scored on a 12-yard run and rushed for 112 yards.
He has made the cut in only 13 of 24 starts.
The hearings cited by Mrs. Brown were held by a 12-member ad hoc committee consisting of Republican members of the Assembly.
Hence, according to Paul Meissner, an expert on biometric sys tems at the National Bureau of Standards, the computer might now hel p solve a problem it helped create.
David Dukes Mrs. Murchison .
And what common thieves have in common, the two police officers say, is a kind of street paranoia.
He accused me of talking nonsense.
Traders with open positions at the close on that day must be in compliance with the new $4,000 minimum maintenance margin, compared with the current $3,000.
He is equal to the assignment.
Arts and artifacts would be in the old building.
A spokesman for the Pitkin County Sheriff's Department said that Mike National news appears on pages A12-28.
Onta craftsmen use large hollowed tree trunks to make a water-powered piston.
Are special likes and dislikes taken into account?
His profound regret at having to pass on shocking news is delectable; so is his worrisome need to adopt the role of father-confessor (''Oh, beware, my lord, of jealousy'').
The debate over New York's $500 million prison bond issue pitted those who want more cells against those who want to solve crowding with better management.
B2 Topless dancing in bars upheld by New York's highest court B4 Manhattan Democratic chief challenged for bolting party B6 City asks judge to validate Coun- cil's powers B8 Chief judge criticizes New York City courts on backlog B11 Budget impasse cuts some Gov- ernment operations B15 Legislative leaders and Carey aides meet on assessment B17 Washington Talk Required Reading B12 Briefing B12 Washington Update B12 General Former guard pleads not guilty in $1.85 million Brink's theft A15 Around the Nation A16 Librarians seek ways to deal with 'disturbed patrons' A16 Bronx man sentenced to seven years in prison in hijacking.
''We get black people, white people, old people, young people, and they all come to hear their music.
Auto dealers' inventories expanded by $844 million, or 3.6 percent, to $24.23 billion, while sales fell by $1.8 billion, or 11.2 percent, to $14.5 billion, the report added.
The 11-day tours, which are priced at $2,650 a hunter ($1,210 for nonhunter companion) in double occupancy plus air fare, are headquartered in Choele-Choel, a town on the Rio Negro, southwest of Buenos Aires.
Lydia Gray Hobart, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. William H. Hobart Jr. of Troy, Ohio, was married there yesterday at the Trinity Episcopal Church to John Duncan Mason, son of Mrs. Lilla D. Goggin and John D. Mason, both of El Paso, Tex.
On 61 P-R6, there was nothing to stop the promotion of the QRP, so Alburt gave up.
The union, which is seeking, among other things, $10,000 a year raises and a shorter work week for its 15,000 members, had threatened to strike tomorrow, but its president, Robert Poli, agreed not to call ''for a job action if meaningful negotiations are going on.''
China lacks the military means to invade even if wanted to do so.
8,35,14,10JACK LENOR LARSEN has applied his talent for fabric design to motifs for the table.
In addition, courses shared by all students ''provide some common topics of conversation besides sports, the weather and sex,'' said Mr. Simon, the psychologist who won a Nobel Prize in economics.
As in the case of James Malenda, the few examples presented here make the viewer want very much to see more.
Jorge Velasquez, the winning jockey, said he had dreamed he would win this $270,800 race, and his ride followed suit with one exception.
He would just want to take off, and that was his downfall.
The Government has succeeded in reducing the death toll from politically motivated murder from a daily average of 22 to less than one per day.
For example, the thrift institutions fought hard to be allowed to pay a quarter of a percentage point more interest on savings than commercial banks were allowed.
There are open sacks of soil, vermiculite, perlite and marble chips at the bottom of the closets.
The fare varies with the distance traveled.
Mr. Baxter, an Assistant Attorney General, said the Justice Department's antitrust division, which he heads, would send such a legislative proposal to the Senate Judiciary Committee.
President Carter hoped to do better in a forum of industrial countries, but the opposition in that quarter is tenacious.
All this leaves minimal budget leverage.
Lujan, 26, who got $25,000, now has a 22-4 record.
Harpo drew Fields toward the staircase out of earshot from Mommy and I heard him whisper, ''Gummo is in Washington reporting directly to President Roosevelt on the Clark Gable business.''
's came to market, the higher prices offered an index yield of 9.57 percent.
He said traders were ''getting a little skeptical about metals as a reserve investment.''
Veterans have complained of a wide range of symptoms, ranging from skin rashes to birth defects among their children to cancer.
It offers little information on foreign countries but is stuffed with data about the United States.
His wife, Diana Newton Wood, a nurse at Presbyterian Hospital, is pregnant with their first child.
Regular parlor-car service to Montauk, with stops at the Hamptons along the way, also starts today.
HERITAGE The Keshcarrigan Book Shop, at 90 West Broadway, near Chambers Street, specializes, as might be guessed, in Irish books.
Pressure is Spinks's forte and pressure is what Holmes dislikes most.
The service's spokesman, Jared LeBow, said the suspensions had not been in response to slow service, as alleged in some published reports, but rather because procedures had not been followed.
's assassination of two colonels this month, Mr. Calvo Sotelo would immediately declare a state of alarm in the Basque region, suspending constitutional guarantees and virtually closing down the infant home-rule institutions there.
Here are my tasting notes on the 15, in roughly my order of preference.
This objective of cutting personal taxes is potentially in short-run conflict, as a matter of simple arithmetic, with the objective of reducing Government borrowing.
The suited figure of a pale young man was seen coming up the garden path, clutching a book.
Koch was beside himself with anger and grief.
''I just feel that if we're going to sit down at a table and negotiate with the Russians, surely we can keep the door open and continue to negotiate with a friendly nation like South Africa.''
Of the schools in today's matchups (Indiana-Louisiana State and Virginia-North Carolina), only Indiana has ever been put on probation by the National Collegiate Athletic Association and those violations occurred two decades ago in football, not basketball.
The Rangers ended a three-game road trip with a 3-1 victory tonight over the Washington Capitals.
in the state's 1982-83 budget.
'Expectation of Success' Mr. Alvarado said his guiding precept in running a school district was ''to increase the expectation of success'' for pupils and teachers alike.
The steam passes through the turbines, which turn electric generators, and then enters the condensers, where it is cooled and condensed into water before being returned to steam generators in the containment structure.
Guilty Conscience, whom Asmussen had taken back to fourth after the colt broke alertly, was beginning to accelerate on the outside and quickly shot past Rise Jim.
In the lobby of Old Main, which houses Penn State's administrative offices, is a mural of President Lincoln extending the benefits of the Morrill Act to an industrious population.
And Harrison J. Goldin, the city comptroller, has gone all the way to $502 million - a figure that might seem high but for Mr. Goldin's reputation for accuracy in such matters.
Mr. Feder said that at noon on Christmas Eve the temperature here in north-central Dutchess County stood at 34 degrees above zero Fahrenheit.
During sunny winter days, the windows can actually cause overheating; at night there can be considerable heat lost through the windows unless insulating materials are used.
''And it's designed, really, to accommodate one buyer at a time.
They are not closely related to the slightly larger orange-and-black honey bee and are more aggressive than bees.
Presented by the WPA Theater, 138 Fifth Avenue.
She acknowledged that she liked the dish well enough, but she asked, ''Why do you go to all that bother when scallops are so incredibly good if you simply bake them?''
They are neither rowdies nor cheats and scorn a dishonorable act, as well as any imputation upon their fair name.
''Snowshoes,'' he writes, ''can be a passport to solitude.''
Still, there's no way to resist the special magnetism of Mr. Vickery, whose resonant yet human-scaled voice and nimble athleticism catch our attention through the unbeatable means of artistic simplicity.
That, too, is a source of relief.
Money has gone through the washing machine in pockets of his sports shirts.
Mr. Javits is a member of that remarkable turn-of-the-century generation of immigrants' children who enriched New York's business, civic and political life.
It is clear the Soviet Union will never agree to such a version.
Tripucka Does Well Again That was the highest point total scored against the Knicks in any quarter this season, and it led the Pistons (10-15) to only their second victory in the last 12 games.
My work is indeed just the tip of the social-productive iceberg.
To polish mahogany the way the professional restorers do, start first by going over the piece with a slightly dampened cloth.
Bernaldina Alvarez broke into quiet tears as she told how she and her 67-year-old husband abandoned their farmhouse early one morning last week because of the fighting between the Government and leftist guerrillas.
(''Most of our customers take the minimum because they have their own policies,'' a store spokesman said.)
* Bache Group said it had completed its previously announced acquisition of Jackson Precious Metals Inc. * Brooks & Perkins Inc. said its directors had approved revised price terms for its proposed acquisition by AAR Corp. Brooks & Perkins will be purchased for $25 a share in cash and stock instead of the $28 that was originally rpoposed.
We hope it will be a positive reinforcement of our own sales training effort.''
The museum bills the selection as a sampling of everything from buttons to buildings.
His magnified Transylvania accent roared across the toll plaza as he chased a few early runners and banished an interloper without the proper number.
Versatile Trouble Light The Pivotlite combines the usefulness of a grounded, three-prong extension cord with the versatility of a ''drop light'' or trouble light that also has a powerful magnet set into its base so that it will stick to the side of metal appliances, pipes, cabinets and car bodies.
The intermediate sodium is then piped into the steam generating system to heat water.
Even before an autopsy was performed, Interior Minister Juan Jose Roson dismissed the head of the police medical department and the Madrid plainclothes officer who supervised Mr. Arregui's detention.
Mr. Ridgeway said the designers worked over the last decade to reduce the weight of the most cumbersome costumes by as much as twothirds.
The facility that Mr. Noll wants, the Monksville Reservoir, would impound seven billion gallons and also cost about $25 million.
''The White House staff was bourgeoning and they were often competitive with department heads as a way to keep busy,'' he said.
Another version was that his share was $1.5 million after taxes.
She is obviously a strong person and a fighter, but she also has a soft side.
An advocacy group for state mental patients in a hospital on Wards Island sued New York City yesterday, seeking to close a shelter for homeless men there and, in the meantime, to force the men off public buses on the island.
Theodore Taylor has provided readers of any age with a splendid picture of the naval battles that turned the Pacific War around.
Walls displaying tools of the period often need verbal description as they seem foreign to modern-day visitors -a wooden wrench for tightening the ropes on a bed, for example, or a paddle for smoothing a mattress.
Both Mr. Cohen and Mr. Lubman began to study Chinese law in the early 1960's with grants from the Rockefeller Foundation.
''For me, consensus seems to be the process of abandoning all beliefs, values and qualities.''
It is expensive but authentic.
The medical risks include anemia, sterility and damage to the kidneys and central nervous system.
In December 1975, as Peter Seitz, the impartial arbitrator, was set to issue his decision, he called in the chief negotiators for both sides and, indicating how he would rule, asked them to settle the matter at the bargaining table.
How are they expressing themselves?
His successors as President, first Georges Pompidou and then Mr. Giscard d'Estaing, were also his political heirs.
''It's the only one in the country, to my knowledge,'' according to Susan Goldstein, owner of store, which has just celebrated its first anniversary.
Use of tokens also varies by season, with summer being the worst.
Other discounts of up to 50 percent apply to designer jeans and flannel nightgowns; and the least discount, 25 percent, applies to everything else.
Sometimes it would be off by two inches and I'd have to come in with the fastball and curve.
He kept his cool so well one year, 1971, that he batted .363, to lead the National League, and was named the most valuable player.
They apparently do not mind living several to a room.
''I think it's going to be a helluva fight,'' he said.
The second morning is worse.
Another bit of Beatlemania is a black knitted silk tie that Ringo Starr wore on Ed Sullivan's ''Toast of the Town'' television show (up to $300).
How can we make sure The Mandate is speaking?
As approved by the committee, a worker choosing early retirement would receive 64 percent of full benefits at 62, 70 percent at 63, 75 percent at 64, 81 percent at 65, 87 percent at 66, 93 percent at 67 and 100 percent at 68.
But I want to work with Balanchine.''
Hawley Misjudges Finish Line In a move reminiscent of Shoemaker's misjudging of the finish pole in the 1957 Derby, Sandy Hawley stood up in the saddle on Partez at the sixteenth pole, apparently believing the race was over.
There's trouble in the nation's professional summer football organization, the American Football Association.
La Argentina was trained in classical ballet, and her performances owed as much to her distinctive stage personality and sense of theater as they did to traditional Spanish folk-dance forms.
Cooperatives Called a Success A year later, the cooperatives are being termed a success.
Place the dill inside and leave for an hour before cooking.
Public Service Company of Colorado, $50 million first mortgage bonds, expected to be rated single-A.
Lee said Bernardi's share of the purse would be held pending the hearing.
When I visited the Umberto I Hospital in Rome with Dr. Rick DeAmicis, an American doctor studying medicine in Italy, he pointed out that when patients enter the hospital they are issued a set of silverware for their entire stay.
Audit after audit has proven that they have never subverted the law by using Federal funds to lobby, to provide abortions or to become involved in political campaigns - the allegations which triggered these unwarranted audits.
That community is made up of individual composers and performers, myriad orchestras, chamber ensembles and choruses, two major opera companies, scholars, critics and numerous support organizations.
From a group of Peruvian recipes came an unusual one for Papas Rellenas -mashed potato stuffed with ground beef, hard-cooked eggs, raisins, olives and spices and then deep-fried.
Fairleigh Dickinson finished second with 81 points, Seton Hall third with 74 and Princeton fourth with 43.
Tom White, senior editor at The News American, Mr. Azrael's last paper, said: ''It is said that anyone can be replaced.
Some years ago (writing in Foreign Policy) you prepared a report card on the successes and failures of the Nixon-Kissinger Administration.
Mr. Gardner said that with any new administration there were many new people in the city unfamiliar with these kinds of contacts or with the bureau's role in counterintelligence.
And they won it in the ninth after a double by Dave Lopes and two intentional walks had loaded the bases.
By the 1950's it had got around that an art that could produce Friedrich could not be all bad.
Except for some occasionally rude language, ''Bustin' Loose'' looks like a prime time TV show in need of commercial interruptions.
Flyers Rally Briefly At 13:00 of the second period, Lavallee, a rookie appearing in only his second playoff contest, took a pass from Paul Reinhart and sent a wrist shot over St. Croix's shoulder from the right side of the net.
Services will be at 11 A.M. today at Forest Lawn Mortuary, in the Hollywood hills.
Roles of Women Several programs will stress the roles of women in jazz - ''Wild Women Don't Have the Blues'' at Avery Fisher Hall on Saturday at 8 P.M. with Nell Carter, Sippie Wallace and Linda Hopkins, and ''Women Blow Their Own Horns'' at Carnegie Hall on the Fourth of July at 8 P.M. with Melba Liston, Willene Barton and an all-woman jam session featuring Mary Osborne and Maxine Sullivan, as well as concerts by Ella Fitzgerald on July 1 in Carnegie Hall at 7 and 10 and by Sarah Vaughan at Avery Fisher Hall on July 2 at 8 P.M.
''But it's still true that 'home' and 'alone' don't rhyme, 'time' and 'mine' don't rhyme.
''The shortage has become a national crisis,'' George L. Turin, chairman of the University of California's electrical engineering and computer science program at the Berkeley campus, declares flatly.
According to the 27-count indictment in the case, Mr. Antoniu and Mr. Courtois, who became a vice president at Morgan Stanley in 1977, disclosed inside information about corporate takeover plans to three men who then used secret foreign bank accounts to buy stock in numerous target companies from 1973 through 1978.
The HydroPulse combustion boiler, made by Hydrotherm, Northvale, N.J., does not have a conventional burner but works on the same principle as an internal-combustion engine.
Aid based on the first category - the children who live on federally owned property -would be given only to local school districts in which 20 percent or more of the students are in this category.
The public is right in the perception that the present trends are dangerous and that they should be broken.
would increase from the current 171/3 percent to 22 percent, while the city's share would be held at its current 162/3 percent.
The police said that each of the three murder victims had a bullet wound in the head.
However, I would advise fumigating the piece, or at least spraying thoroughly with an insecticide.
Human suffering is ubiquitous, and we need to find tangible or intangible relief for it, as long as we live.''
''Valley of the Dolls'' is 5 1/2 inches by 8 3/4 inches, rather than the more usual 6 by 9 or 6 1/4 by 9 1/4.
Almost every town, borough and village meeting - council, school board, zoning board, recreation board - was attended by a News reporter, who often was the only member of the public on hand.
Miss Keough indicated that there were many things relating to her father's ordeal that were not discussed.
Though the Islanders dominated the second period, they couldn't connect, and Montreal picked up an insurance tally when Rejean Houle broke free and beat the young goalie in the final period.
When a call went against him, he scowled, but when another call went in his favor, he made a circle with his thumb and forefinger.
By eye contact and body language she conveyed to the girl a different set of musical values, bringing the aria up to tempo and stressing the text.
* Bamberger's has named Cherie Bliwise senior vice president and director of personnel and labor relations.
This is a good joke.
Senator Pryor said he had a sense ''that we are entering a period of sheer madness.
The company added that a disk product introduced last October, the RM80, had been been enthusiastically received by customers.
The first broke off in 1948, a turning point in Mr. Paton's life and that of his country, for that year, just four months after the publication of ''Cry, the Beloved Country,'' the apartheid era began with an election victory by the National Party, which represented the Afrikaners, the dominant white group.
The theater had been planned as a New York showcase for three leading regional theaters - the Long Wharf in New Haven, the Mark Taper Forum in Los Angeles and the Guthrie Theater in Minneapolis.
''Well, actually, I taught myself everything,'' Celedonio confessed.
The telegrams wished the audience, and Polish democracy, Godspeed.
Put the duck livers on a flat surface and chop finely.
It would focus attention on the cruelties of Communist governments and wink at the horrors done by ''friendly'' right-wing regimes.
''The last two days have been hard on us.
The move would offset a loss of about 2,000 jobs on Long Island that is anticipated as a result of Citibank's announced plans to move its credit-card operations from Huntington to Sioux Falls, S.D.
From time to time, writing slowly, he tried novels, but never brought one to fruition.
Saturday - New Jersey Folk Festival at Douglass College, New Brunswick.
Or how Babar won by painting huge eyes on the flanks of his elephant soldiers and scaring the wits out of the somewhat dense rhinos?
Someone once suggested that a civilization can be judged by its roads.
''Whatever it is,'' she said, ''I want it to be funny.
The Navajo Medicinemen's Association of Window Rock, Ariz., and 14 individual Navajo and Hopi Indians filed the complaint.
Mr. Larkins favors short sets and long intermissions, which give the listener time to ruminate on what he has just heard.
Quick-Frozen Foods For the Busy Hostess For busy people who have given up entertaining at home because they lack the time to prepare food, one solution is to follow the food service industry's path to Rotanelli's in New Rochelle.
The Federal Trade Commission has been looking very carefully at the advertising claims made for the STP motor-oil additives since February 1978, when the corporation was required to pay a $500,000 civil penalty and spend $200,000 to publicize its settlement with the Federal agency.
This compares with an existing national capacity of 65,000 megawatts of conventional hydropower.
''And I think you're seeing something of bureaucracy's method.
We've said from our first week in office that 1981 is going to be a year of a soggy economy.
In 1944, at a meeting of the school's board of directors, Dr. Sparling, who was white, was asked to divulge how many Negro and Jewish students were enrolled.
Money managers at the Prudential Insurance Company share this contrarian view and have committed $200 million to small and mediumsized companies that appear to be selling at bargain prices as a result of Wall Street neglect.
Mrs. Johnson is a trustee and former president of the Museum of American Folk Art.
Governments that set out to regiment their people with the stated objective of providing security and liberty have ended up losing both.
"It's wonderful to see American Indians in the mainstream of fashion."
The best is vintage Port, which is produced perhaps three or four times a decade and consists entirely of wines from a single year when the weather conditions have been close to ideal and the grapes attain full ripeness.
General Dynamics, whose Electric Boat yards at Groton has been experiencing cost overruns and delays, won't be invited to bid.
The sound was well mixed, and the guitar arrangements deftly juxtaposed jittery rhythmic phrases against long snaky passages punctuated with chiming effects.
TRAVEL STORY When Manuel Alum became the first American choreographer to receive a year's residency in Japan from the U.S./Japan Friendship Commission, he decided to tell about it in the way he could do best.
''You develop patience on this job,'' Officer Marchesi said.
And a preliminary estimate for all of last year ''shows industrial production to have been 3.5 percent below output for 1979,'' the board said.
Sales during this year's quarter rose to $1.3 billion from $1.2 billion.
When you do, I'm waiting.''
But if an object is large enough, its own gravity is enough to shape its surface.
After spending a long day sampling the fare at half a dozen barbecue houses around the state, it is safe to say that good barbecue is hard to find.
''Because I rode the subway last week and I didn't like what I saw.''
Pleasant, in his embarrassment, is now denying.
The pests will grow larger and become more voracious over the next month in order to fulfill their destinies as dowdy cousins to the butterfly.
''I am sure that we will find the necessary points of coincidence to create a framework of negotiations to resolve the region's problems.''
None of this music could have succeeded as well as it did without the subtle virtuosity and rocksolid trueness of pitch exhibited by its performers, Elaine Barry, Linda Hirst, Andrew Parrott, Terry Edwards and Mr. Whiting.
And in a film opening in the middle of August, he photographs slush and snow.
Teachers need to ponder the implications of her insight.
Lawrence and Sharon Bowler of Cleveland, on a sightseeing trip in the city, were on the street when the firing began and hit the slushy sidewalk, even though they were dressed in what they called ''our Sunday best.''
If Mr. Gelli operated a really secret organization, his group does not qualify as a bona fide Masonic lodge and its members are liable to prosecution.
Both Mr. Pesin and Mrs. Zapp questioned whether stae law permitted commercial development on a site when considerable public money has already been invested.
He was among 57 passengers and crew members aboard the plane when it was seized Saturday by five assailants during a domestic flight over Indonesia.
If they are gifted musicians and are committed to the music they are playing, the music and the star will sound good.
Roynell Young of the Philadelphia Eagles and Matt Millen of the Oakland Raiders.
The convocation was under the direction of the Rev.
Other physicians assailed the bill, maintaining that it was scientifically insupportable to prove that life begins at conception and that the measure, if enacted, would bar tests for hereditary disorders and congenital defects.
''Most fur businesses are family businesses,'' said Miss Iuto, standing at her glass desk.
''Our technology is strong and that's a shot in the arm.''
But there is little doubt that production design is playing a greater role in an increasing number of films.
A lot of energy goes into it, and sometimes it doesn't seem as if it's worth the trouble.
The 1979-80 increases exceeded 150 percent, erupting after the Iranian revolution cut oil supplies.
And his vague principles are contradictory and hostile to the kind of SALT process pursued by four previous Administrations.
There were reports in the Thai press in recent weeks that decisions had been taken secretly by the Thai leadership to close the country to refugees.
When problems affecting safety are found, the equipment is not used until the problems are corrected - which partly accounts for some of the car shortages, which are increasingly afflicting the Harlem and Hudson Lines in particular.
But the diplomats com e and go, oblivious to the proteste rs' shouts and signs.
He is not alone in his continuing support for the tax.
And, with the regrouping of the Benjamin Altman collection, rich in Italian, Dutch and Flemish works, into contiguous galleries, the superb Altman Rembrandts and other Dutch paintings have now been hung in a gallery adjacent to the Rembrandts among the Met's general holdings.
''It's prolonging the agony,'' said Dr. Morris Zucker, 87 years old, a retired dentist from the Bronx.
Congress Open in Limited Sense The earlier sessions were open only in a limited sense.
A fellow of the organization, R. Michael Brown, a participant in designer show houses for 10 years and a member of the task force drawing up the guidelines, recalled an incident a few seasons ago involving a Frank Lloyd Wright house in Illinois where "there was some superficial damage done to the fabric of the house."
The store occupies two floors of a building at Kalakaua Avenue and Beach Walk, in the heart of Waikiki.
Just come to a couple of meetings.''
Termination of the fishing agreement, while not of great economic consequence to the United States, nevertheless will put hundreds of commercial small-boat fishers in this country out of business.
Before Eben M. Graves Jr. organized this small money management firm in Southport, Conn., he spent months at a computer console analyzing the prospects for arbitrage profits in such securities.
The old lady barely escaped that fate in 1960, when Lincoln Center's Philharmonic Hall was being promoted as the only possible music hall of the future.
If they hear that they'll write 'Hand sneers at Fingers.'
Admission: $1; students and over-65's, 50 cents; under-12's, free.
Maria Mijares is another interesting painter whose work apparently is based on photographs.
The Report by Ambien II, of the Five.
He said the United States ''seeks peace with honor and security for all the states and people of the region, undoubtedly a similar goal to your own.''
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
That was where he spotted the fullack who has been the Raiders' most dependable ball carrier over the last seven seasons.
It was some offense, too.
But she can say that - the happy self-contradiction again -because she's already got everyone warmed up.
Francis X. Belotti, the State Attorney General who is a member of the commission, declined to sign the report, citing possible conflicts of interest with his role as chief state prosecutor.
Will you stay on in this role if it becomes a non-Cabinet, NASA-type agency?
The fee of $12 per child (minimum of 10), includes the food and a small bag of ''loot.''
Sally Kalson is a freelance writer who lives in Pittsburgh.
''My plea is guilty, Your Honor,'' said the defendant, a man of medium build who was dressed in a three-piece black suit, white shirt and patterned tie.
But the Versatran line of Prab Conveyors Inc., the third largest American robot producer, also relies on motion modules to a lesser extent and RCA has reported that a picture tube plant in Finland was built around a modular robot line designed by Rosenlew Tool Works, a Finnish company.
So, once the poison is removed from it, it will pump and will work itself out of the skin.''
But his fellow legislators are responding very slowly; have they lost interest in cleaning house?
In the case of the Chinese, permits to attend a ''white'' university are virtually automatic since the Government never got around to building a Chinese university.
An announcer periodically reminds us that this is unbelievable or, at the very least, astonishing.
Working It Out With Cardinal ''We've had some nice chats in the last couple of months,'' he said.
He said that some European customers now asked whether suppliers were participating in the new systems before they agreed to talk about purchases.
In addition, the British company said that it planned to redesign its products so they could be hooked up to I.B.M.
Elsewhere, Frannie is so painfully shy that she's worried she'll go through high school without being kissed.
Using the backstage phone, we contacted him in Paris at the end of the following night's performance, and let him listen to the wave upon wave of applause and cheers.
Race wimmers will be declared in both categories, and awards will also be given for aircraft performance.
Operation Talent Bank is said to be the only one of its kind nationwide, because it does not duplicate the services of any existing agency.
Utility profits are determined on the basis of the company's used and useful property.
But for a Government grant, he would need a much longer proposal, and still have less chance of getting the money.''
Georgia has one loss this season, a 13-3 defeat by Clemson six weeks ago.
To the Editor: Your Dec. 2 editorial ''Dismembering Liberty Park'' reflects the local sentiment in Jersey City that the lame-duck Byrne Administration has less-than-honorable intentions with regard to private development of very public space.
The lives and loves of the rich in Beverly Hills, New York and London: fiction.
Mr. Lewis spent the last four years as president of Cablecom General, a major cable television system operator that is a subsidiary of the General Tire and Rubber Company.
He was immensely pleased about the ''Peter Grimes'' success - it will be brought back next season - and by no means completely downcast about the rest.
''I think some dealers have used the money supply news to generate needless trading activity among some of their clients,'' commented H. Erich Heinemann, an economist at Morgan Stanley & Company.
Individuals and financial institutions, including pension funds, engage principally in portfolio investment, purchasing financial assets like stocks and bonds.
Mobile command centers that could survive an initial attack would be needed to insure that we have the means to direct a retaliation, even if our fixed command centers were destroyed.
The dance goes on almost indefinitely, punctuated occasionally by a shrill, high-pitched warble from the women, which is supposed to send the men mad with desire.
The appeal of passivity or steady-state immobility underlies the esthetics of such key artists of the past as Satie and Varese.
might have given tacit approval for the operation.
THURSDAY Potomac Electric Power, $50 million of first mortgage bonds, due 199l and $50 million due 2011, both rated Aa by Moody's and A+ by Standard & Poor's.
Train service to Westchester County continued to operate.
I wasn't giving in to Monday and throwing the ball down the middle.
They are the mothers who, for two and a half hours, will pace the kitchen floor, shred Kleenex, and cease to function like normal human beings.
All of my efforts will now be devoted toward this goal, for this extraordinary book holds many answers.
The damage to New York could soon be irreparable.
''To say that two minutes of coverage on the evening news is going to harm the commercial value of a six-day event is silly,'' he said.
There is also at least the possibility that telecasts may one day replace the weekly Saturday matinee radio broadcasts; both are sponsored primarily by Texaco.
''How you feelin','' Brunner asks him.
The first lot of beguiling dancers were 14 youngsters from the Underground Day Care Center.
Yesterday, after being told about the scene at El Playon by the United States Embassy, President Duarte ordered an investigation.
At current prices, these wells have gained a new life.''
In a response to a Westchester County fire that killed 26 persons last Dec. 4 at Stouffer's Inn in Harrison, the state also expects to start a new course dealing with the hazards of synthetic-materials fires.
''The Eurobond market had a very negative day,'' said Piers L. Brooke, a vice president of the Chase Manhattan Bank.
Need for Parliamentary Action Since Lloyd's is organized as a society, not a company, its affairs do not come under British company law.
K mart reported a 54.2 percent earnings decline in its third fiscal quarter, while J.C. Penney's net soared 59.2 percent.
In addition to Mr. Weinberger, the President named Edwin Meese 3d, counselor to the President; David A. Stockman, director of the Office of Management and Budget; John O. Marsh, Secretary of the Army; John F. Lehman, Secretary of the Navy; Verne Orr, Secretary of the Air Force; Richard V. Allen, Assistant to the President for Policy Development; Murray L. Weidenbaum, chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers, and General David C. Jones, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
Promotion for Controller In another shake-up the Mayor moved her controller upstairs, giving him a raise in pay along with the title of chief adviser.
Pete Vuckovich (5-2) got his fifth consecutive victory, ending a three-game Detroit winning streak.
''All right, you're so smart,'' his mother told Tom, ''go right ahead.''
Difference on Test Involved One of the proctors, or test supervisors, who was present when Mr. Wang was arrested, and who asked that he not be identified, said that the test being given was the Test of English as a Foreign Language, a standard examination used by schools in this country to evaluate the language proficiency of foreign applicants.
All these problems are closely interrelated and as such they require a truly comprehensive solution.
Miss Whitelaw will be directed by Alan Schneider.
Put garlic through a press.
The principal roles in ''The Uprising'' are played by actors chosen for the dignity and courage in their faces.
Mr. Zaretzki was reluctant to discuss his age, but he was believed to be 80 years old.
Vito Antuofermo happily drank in the boos last night before the Boston Massacre of Fulgencio Obelmejias with the fervor of a man thirsting for a rematch with Marvin Hagler, easy winner and still middleweight champion of all the world boxing authorities.
The program beat its competition by a wide margin last week, but finished in virtual dead heat with the two evening programs on ABC and CBS during the November sweeps.
In other years, of course, the Mets made two of their worst deals in their desperate search for a third baseman.
The goal of the proposed changes is to induce more workers to remain on the job later, to increase contributions into the fund and to reduce the outflow for benefits.
Copies of the tapes have recently appeared in Buenos Aires.
Meanwhile, Assembly Speaker Stanley Fink, Democrat of Brooklyn, and the Senate majority leader, Warren M. Anderson, Republican of Binghamton, met this morning to discuss the 1981-82 budget, which was due April 1.
The first shuttle flight is ''pure and simple an engineering test flight of the orbiter vehicle,'' said a spokesman for the space agency at Houston.
He proposes that no intelligent, sensitive, courageous and caring Galilean young man - so profoundly inspired by that great apocalyptic rebel spirit, John the Baptist, as Mark discloses him to have been - could conceivably have uttered such apolitical quietistic sentiments as these: ''If any man strikes you on one cheek, turn the other to him,'' and ''They that take the sword shall perish by the sword,'' and ''Blessed are the meek for they shall inherit the earth.''
Small Crowd Salutes Kirmayr When his victory over Taroczy, a tall Hungarian who is 18th in the computer rankings, had been achieved the small crowd saluted Kirmayr.
If that's true, why do you have these huge spending cuts?
Uncontrolled, this night forager can do inestimable damage to valuable shrubs, especially rhododendrons and yews.
He was named a senior vice president in 1970 and became president about four years ago.
It is one thing to have an understanding of a song.
There are four basic categories of obligations or debts that American creditors are claiming.
What this approach does, in effect, is to reward a landlord who lets his properties run down with money to rehabilitate them.
A. I do not have a priority list of health standards or a plan to enforce safety in a certain industry more stringently than elsewhere.
In which case, ''Idle Hands'' is a morality tale.
Brooklyn Savings has $1.9 billion.
Already as a blind cub, it seems, we suckled the wolverine and imbibed this fact: ''Past the flags is forbidden.''
Mr. Davis was believed to be on his way to Denver last night from his Palm Springs, Calif., home to confer with his attorneys.
''Now we are commissioning our own books and doing a lot of translations.''
Great Kills Park Another Gateway park, Crookes Point in Great Kills Park on Staten Island, is offering a guided walk on Saturday, May 9, starting at 7:30 A.M.
We hope that it will reverse itself in the next few months.
Gulf Coast heating oil will open at 9:45 A.M. and close at 3 P.M., beginning Sept. 21, she said.
''I kinda like to jump in with both feet, you know, or else I'm not interested.''
''It's so serene here,'' Mrs. Shurman said.
Antiabortion leaders were dismayed at Mr. Reagan's early decision to de-emphasize social issues in favor of the economy, but the bitterest blow was his nomination for the Supreme Court of Judge Sandra Day O'Connor, who sometimes voted against antiabortion interests in the Arizona Senate.
Also among the intermediate goods, durable manufacturing materials registered a rise of 1.2 percent after little change for five months.
Such a person is Gloria (Anne De Salvo), the remarkably unflappable Times Square hooker Arthur picks up this night and takes to dine at the Plaza Hotel's Oak Room, where they happen to run into Arthur's Uncle Peter and Aunt Pearl.
When they are heard, they may very well be telling Grebey and Kuhn: "You're fired."
In most cases after listening sympathetically to the caller, the policeman does nothing more than feed the information into a computer.''
The best time for a visit is during the dry season, from October to April, and during the little dry season in August.
Not only are both countries planning more warheads and more delivery vehicles.
He merely moons about, a snob without any gravity.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Dr. McIlvenna has just completed a package of documentary-style films aimed at ''the average person who seeks a better sex life.''
's vice president for customer services.
Pinafore,'' a precedent-setting piece that inspired numerous American attempts at imitation, and ends, for the moment, with a musical inspired by a British play, Stephen Sondheim's ''Sweeney Todd.''
''If McEnroe is a genius, what's to keep him from dominating the sport?''
''I learned a lot that way,'' he said.
The losers threatened to score touchdowns twice in the opening half but were stopped both times.
''I've laid by gold and silver,'' he said, ''$60,000 worth in different spots.''
'' Another day in court is coming up.
''I studied for two and a half hours every day,'' Avraham said.
New posts and beams were concealed in the ceilings and in an interior balcony.
In my mind, I ticked off the list of things we had hoped for in a country home.
''And I'm getting complaints now from people I've sent to the Caribbean.
Steward is expected to have Hearns fight defensively, moving backward even, to keep Leonard a long-arm's length away.
Anita Stockman, a State Department spokesman, said the United States was ''very pleased'' by the report of Mrs. Dwyer's release.
Twenty of the 23 therapists interviewed by Dr. Grunebaum had been in treatment with more than one therapist.
To the Editor: The Reagan Administration is planning to cut the budget, and at the same time make a small cut in the income tax, in order to ''stimulate'' the economy.
I have never seen the kids here make a distinction on white and black.
The man who created the ''Reagan or Begin'' strategy now followed by the White House is Fred Dutton, the former McGovern campaign strategist and Kennedy aide who masterminds Saudi lobbying in Washington.
Garwood would like to assure the members that he is loyal to the Marine Corps, and has tried, throughout this trial, to conduct himself with dignity and in a manner which would not bring discredit upon the Marine Corps.
The volunteers live in a communal setting at La Paz, Calif., and are paid $15 to $25 a week for essentials.
Mr. Moss denied that the fictional institute was modeled after the real one: ''We have consistently denied that any individual or organization in the book can be identified with any real-life person or organization, although some are composites.
For those more interested in roughing it, Neot Hakikar, a settlement south of the Dead Sea, established Neot Hakikar Desert Tours in 1961.
This country takes its name from an African culture that flourished near here in the 14th and 15th centuries, leaving behind extensive foundations, walls and battlements of granite blocks to testify to its prosperity and sophistication.
Is moving it up feasible?
The 10 minutes should be split among the five exercises listed below.
''I rarely use them, but I think about them a lot.
Refreshment stand at the East Overlook is open daily.
Jane Alpert reconsiders her political and sexual experiences as a radical activist in ''Growing Up Underground.''
Elderly men pray at the mosque and thousands of people amble through shops that opened late.
''Here,'' the guide announces, ''is the 63d Street tunnel.''
(Andy) Riggs Jr., vice president for operations, has been named a senior vice president of The Times.
Calm, Efficient Style Through the turmoil, Mr. Smith has remained unruffled.
They began with the shotgun slaying of Angelo Bruno, 69 years old, who was Mr. Testa's predecessor as the reputed overlord of Philadelphia's crime family, and they reached a climax early Sunday morning when a bomb killed the 56-yearold Mr. Testa as he fumbled with his keys at the door of his South Philadelphia home.
But, considering the other issues of the year, it seems certain to be the runaway favorite of collectors for 1981 - unless the upcoming Desert Plants block of four turns out to be a sleeper.
''When United States corporations engage in international business they take certain risks,'' Mr. Lieberman said.
He's really holding the whip hand from coffee till nightcap.
---- Simms Questionable Injuries have made four Giants questionable for next Sunday's game against the Green Bay Packers in Milwaukee.
Moore hit a 51-yarder with 1:34 to play.
Meanwhile, a cease-fire in Beirut between Syrians and Christian militia units appeared to be holding, despite sporadic sniper exchanges along the line between the Christian and Moslem sectors.
The Amex market value index eased 0.68, to 362.97.
But judging from Monday's performance, they also have the potential to develop in other, more artistically adventurous directions.
El Salvador is not a country where one can expect long-overdue land reform to work well and rapidly.
The company, will perform Thursday through Sunday at the Riverside Dance Festival, is named for its founder, who is deceased.
Instead of placing all of its advertising in advertising trade publications, as it did last time around, it will run it only in Advertising Age, and once each in The New York Times, The Chicago Tribune and The Los Angeles Times.
Over the years, Harding Park, named for President Harding, has had an extraordinarily successful record of fending off the attempts of its landlords to raise rents or get rid of them.
Five days later, General Motors lowered the interest rate on its loans to 12.9 percent and offered a $400 cash incentive to dealers for ''X''-body cars.
A few years ago, during the preview of ''Rolling Thunder'' - a bloody Paul Schrader movie in which William Devane had his hand chopped up in a garbage disposal - audience anger was so intense that Mr. Ladd and the other Fox executives literally hid in their seats.
In the years that followed, the series began reaching out uncertainly to other areas of songwriting to supplement the supply of acceptable Broadway lyricists.
General Motors hopes that the uncertain spending plans will make the United Automobile Workers more accommodating when negotiations begin on replacing the present contract, which expires next June.
Daniel's attorney said she fired one warning shot before the fatal shot that killed her husband.''
Senator Kennedy is expected to ask the Senate tomorrow to send the bill back to conference and the Senate is expected to turn him down, then vote final passage.
Quietly ubiquitous, they direct the flow of traffic, help greet guests at state dinners and luncheons, move people along receiving lines at receptions, make small talk at teas and dance with any guest who appears to be stranded.
''If these people making allegations about stolen merchandise have positive proof that illegitimate goods are being sold, they should report it to the law enforcement authorities.
Approval of amendments by seven provinces with 50 percent of Canada's population (now 24 million) would be binding.
''As late as Friday afternoon I was optimistic that something might happen,'' Brown said after the game.
Dennis Tabron, a defensive back for Duke, intercepted a pass from Steve Casey, Virginia Tech's quarterback, and ran 10 yards for a touchdown with 56 seconds to play.
Staunch opponents of the sale are led by J. Sinclair Armstrong, a lawyer who once headed the Securities and Exchange Commission.
No official was ever brought to trial, including the director, who was charged with collusion in torture and murder and receiving about $300,000 in kickbacks.
There is a casino with roulette and baccarat.
''He handled it very well,'' Muncie said.
MANUEL E. HINDS, Washington, July 15, 1981
Ouricuri is one of the many dirt-poor communities in the northeast of Brazil, a semiarid area roughly half the size of Western Europe that with water could become a garden spot but without it is a dust bowl dotted with cactus and scrubby prairie plants.
I began to watch ''The Sound of Music'' on the color television set in our room.
In addition to the Federal cuts, Mr. Cohalan knows the legislators' budgetary options are limited by the impact of inflation on the cost of county government; by the recognition that the population boom in Suffolk is over, as it was a decade earlier in two other suburban counties, Nassau and Westchester; and by programs mandated by Albany and Washington but only partially paid for by them.
A. I can make two suggestions that sometimes work - but rust stains are hard to remove from concrete so no one can say for sure whether these methods will work every time.
Francine Landes and Sabatino Verlezza, Holly Williams and Jay Todd moved elegantly and smoothly through a series of romantic cliches that Miss Soares then cleverly shot down through a loose demeanor and some partner swapping.
He has led the Raiders to recognize a new role for the punt.
He said he spent about $20 a week from his Social Security benefits on bird feed.
''These chemicals don't belong in drinking water.
An undercover policeman from the Seventh Precinct saw him sprinting down the street with the purse and took him into custody.
''I'm just the outgoing, effervescent personality.''
Deng Says Nation Is Stable Mr. Deng said last week that China had not been more stable since the early 1960's, which is when his views and those of other pragmatists held sway following the disruptions of Mao Zedong's Great Leap Forward movement.
The public seemed to be in the mood for tough talk of a military stand against Communism.
Mr. Smith further charged us with ''ridiculing the commercial networks' new-found interest in cultural programming,'' an interest that was reportedly stimulated by PBS's success.
Little in the travel business is as murky as the question of what you are entitled to when a vacation package or tour is canceled or substantially changed because of an ''act of God.''
While the three leading competitors of the United States - West Germany, Japan and France - all increased their shares of manufactured exports during the decade, the United States share fell from 21.3 percent in 1970 to 17.4 percent in 1979.
''First time up,'' he says, ''I hit a grand-slam home run out of the park and onto the roof of a bowling alley.
On March 5, the Amax board announced the offer from California Standard to merge the two companies.
This film can be loaded and quickly tray processed under a safelight (red safelight 1A is suggested for this film, but I have used regular yellow safelights at a distance of six to eight feet with no problem).
For 18 months police have been searching for clues in the deaths of thirteen black children in the Atlanta area.
''I've seen Saad where he's taken a beating.
She never sought elective office again and died of cancer 13 months ago, in the 50th year of the Douglases' marriage.
Then perhaps you won't mind joining the queue along Spring Street that inches into the SoHo Charcuterie, or the fact that there is no earthly way you are going to get the window table at Mortimer's.
The monetary infrastructure, Section 8 funding, has seen a large portion of the dollars go to administrative and consulting costs.
She leans forward seductively, and in a husky voice reminiscent of another singer, Pearl Bailey, says, ''Hello, handsome, why don't you sing along?''
Before the advent of technology, the earth supported 200 million people whose lives were short, disease-ridden, consumed by a never-ending, backbreaking search for food in competition with and at the mercy of the beasts that challenged their supremacy.
Coach Bum Phillips of the Saints called it an ''incompetent whistle.''
In Latin, as in law, a little learning is indeed a dangerous thing.
The Los Angeles Times reported last week that U.C.L.A., because of various infractions, has been placed on probation for two years and barred from participating in the N.C.A.A.
He proved that last year, winning $77,000 and finishing fourth on the tour.
''We will loot and burn and destroy.
He wants to see his choreography instantaneously executed to perfection.
After 14 years, Co-op City is still a two-fare zone (unless you're willing to walk at least half a mile and you always travel well-armed).
Albert Sachs of Orange, N.J. says there's something that must not be overlooked.
The rate of consumer price increases, the center said, would be held down to 4.8 percent, below the Government's projection of 5.5 percent, mainly because of stable crude oil prices.
B-Including $286,000 gain on the early retirement of debt and $351,000 tax credit...C-Including $65,000 tax credit
The company said that process technology would be supplied by the Union Oil Company of California.
He asks ''Can I marry the world instead of one person?''
He draws a kind of strength from them.''
Talks with Americans and Liberians close to the situation indicated that the main purpose of the United States mission was to restore discipline and organization to the 6,000-man Liberian armed forces and to instill confidence.
Saul Clateman, vice president at Charles H. Greenthal & Company, the sales agent, explained it this way: ''What we did was to create a one-year anniversary situation for a week by rolling the prices back to what they were when we first came out with the offering plan.''
They started with small buildings known as taxpayers in White Plains along East Post Road, the ''little Fifth Avenue'' district of New York department store branches.
Aside from this, it owes 150 other banks about $1 billion.
More than a third receive welfare payments.
6THE SECOND LADY, by Irving Wallace.
Stanley Rother, a 46-year-old Roman Catholic priest of Okarche, Okla. in his church in the town of Santiago Atitlan, 50 miles west of the capital.
Auto Identification The Senate passed a bill that would require automobile manufacturers, by 1985, to stamp permanent identification numbers on nine different parts of an automobile to assist the police in recovering stolen cars or their parts.
''Who knows where it came from?''
''If we don't think they are going to deliver in some other way, there won't be any peace on that front, that's quite clear.''
Affluent Depositors Attracted Most distressing from the perspective of the banks is the C.M.A.
''My foot hit one of their players' feet,'' Sanders said.
Ballet hasn't yet been reduced to today's three-character Broadway production, but most choreographers don't go out of their way to use choruses.
When Balanchine stopped to change the lighting or to alter a step, Heather Watts, Martins's partner, continued to move, rising on pointe, flexing her legs, laughing nervously.
The exhibition will be on view through Nov. 8.
YOUNG: Well we promise to see you, Mr. Vice President.
Effect on Gold Prices Analysts said the rally in silver helped lift gold from its lows of the day.
It's not that we need to cut the pie smaller, we need to make the pie grow larger.''
MISS DITCH: What time is it?
He couldn't believe anybody might walk away from a such a role.
So he began turning out tableware with a crackle glaze, which he had perfected at the family kiln.
''By then I'd played enough to almost join the tour.''
''When I think of the masses of New York City,'' he said, ''I think of the millions for whom Christ died, and I'd just like to see them saved, and washed in the blood of the Lord.''
''The flea markets are hurting the merchants in the old downtown areas, and they are beginning to hurt the shopping centers also,'' said Roy N. Cacciatore, Commissioner of Nassau County's Department of Commerce and Industry.
In an interview in the Governor's office here that was requested by the Careys to clarify details of Mrs. Gouletas-Carey's previous marriages, the couple said they were confident these would be grounds for annulments by the Roman Catholic Church, to which the Governor belongs.
He feints not only with his fists, shoulders and head, he feints with his feet.
It may be small comfort to the newly scrutinized recipients, but this city offers abundant, even charming, evidence that the Government's concern about being cheated by the ordinary American is as old as the Revolution itself.
Does the convenience of modern birth control really equate with the restraint of ageless self-control?
''New England Reflections'' has a brief foreword by Richard Wilbur, an essay on the Howes and their work by Gerald W. McFarland of the University of Massachusetts, Amherst, and a technical note by Mr. Newman.
This rate, pegged to the yield to maturity on 20-year Treasury bonds, is reset every three months.
Alice Lawrence Ober and Harry L. Curtis 3d were married yesterday by the Rev.
For example, among the various forms of accidental amputations, the lowest rate of recovery in the Shanghai hospital was in 48 cases of limbs torn off, most of them by ''rapidly rotating machinery,'' Dr. Chen reported.
It is said that in medieval England they were referred to as ''pynotys.''
A classic tax spread would involve simultaneously buying and selling options in one or more stocks.
The selling job begins years before a new model is in the skies.
Economists since Thomas Aquinas have attempted to provide a definition.
Among their current projects are an apartment for Lou Wasserman, president of the Music Corporation of America, and his wife, Edie; a country house for the publishing executives Richard Snyder and his wife Joni Evans; a 14-bedroom beach house in Southampton, L.I., and a Fifth Avenue pied-a-terre for M.D.
''What we wanted to reproduce was the Victorian spirit,'' Miss Evans said, and after scrutiny of scores of 1891 menus at the New-York Historical Society, she came up with ''scallops instead of oysters, in any other month it would have been oysters,'' surrounded by asparagus tips; roast loin of veal, ''instead of the game that might have been served,'' oval-shaped roast potatoes, Boursault cheese on romaine lettuce and an elaborate dessert composed of layers of creme fraiche, sliced pears, pear sorbet, raspberry syrup, candied violets, meringue and strawberries.
Another tour official, Mike Crosswaithe, described the financial problems of a tournament, especially the revenue-raising pro-am that precedes a tournament.
Morton-Norwich has reported that earnings in its fiscal first half, ended Dec. 31, were down about 5 percent.
Mr. Lund said the volume increase was primarily because of October's additional day's worth of deliveries.
One of Liszt's many Verdi paraphrases followed, rather heavily pedaled.
Out of the small welcoming crowd stepped Customs officers, who inspected the safe and had a chain and sealed lock placed around it.
Their loathsome uncle, Ralph Nickleby, is the other extreme: a man of avarice unrelieved by the least humanity, who goes to his appropriate award of bankruptcy and suicide.
''Asean urges Vietnam to see the light of reason,'' he said, referring to the regional organization by its initials.
The academic curriculum, Chief McNulty said, is constantly being updated and refined.
Where the artists in question are Jackson Pollock, David Smith, Willem de Kooning, Mark Rothko, Franz Kline, Ad Reinhardt, Larry Rivers, Ellsworth Kelly and Joseph Cornell, the world has made haste to echo Mr. Myers in what was often a pioneering enthusiasm.
My personal feeling is that next year's their year.''
Mr. Carter said he would consult with a lawyer before saying anything further.
Atmosphere: Fresh and rustic provincial dining room, cramped and noisy; service generally acceptable, though occasionally thoughtless.
The only trouble is that prime-time television is after dinner, and that's when the Burger King network advertising that breaks Jan. 4 is going to run.
Cheska achieved his third clean ride on Southside in the fastest time, 28.16, in the Grand prix event.
The shot failed and Robert Reid got the rebound and missed a shot from 2-point range.
With a fat lever on the brass-knobbed cast-iron hand press, Miles rolled the type form under the weight of the descending metal plate (''I feel like I have a patient in the operating room'') and back again after removing the printing pressure.
A final consideration is what some Administration officials describe as the ''hidden agenda'' of Mr. Edwards, who has said that he is longing to return to the ''beaches of South Carolina.''
''That fact, combined with nearby historic areas like Bucks County and state-related business, will be our target for customers.''
G.T.& E. is a major contributor to the Shakespeare Theater.
Miss Gray worked for Ned Holmes Inc., a Houston developer.
It is this loyal attachment to the disclipines of high culture that acts to preserve the creative energy and intellectual independence of the visual arts, and to protect them from the coercive influences and debilitating compromises that are inevitable when art plunges into the arena of entertainment.
The distinction is not unimportant: It marks the difference between a free and a totalitarian society.
As for the look-alikes, the Paul rolls his eyes the way Paul did, and the Ringo is wisely kept off camera most of the time.
Sebastian Weber performed the ceremony at the Roman Catholic Church of the Immaculate Conception in Montclair, N.J.
But when I was around 29, turning 30, I realized not only that I was bored with the sound of my own voice, but that I didn't really know any more what love was, for example.''
Fewer young Ph.D.'s, then, find it rewarding to play the academic game the way it has been played.
Shop 12 Years Old Mr. Levy, who lives at 62-10 Boelsen Crescent, Rego Park, Queens, is 49 years old and has operated the yarmulke shop, Kipah Or, at 49 Essex Street, for 12 years, the officials said.
Iran had previously said that $14 billion had been frozen and that it wanted that amount returned, along with funds it said belonged to the late Shah, before the Americans would be freed.
The Ambassador, Maxwell M. Rabb, a 71-year-old lawyer from New York, was brought directly to Washington, where he remained under guard today.
This peculiar phenomenon, which no one has explained satisfactorily as yet, impelled Arthur Weisberg six years ago to found his Orchestra of the 20th Century, which is dedicated to the proposition that there exists a large body of important contemporary works that for one reason or another are ignored.
The discussion on American commitments in the Middle East was included in a 10-part response to questions posed by the Joint Economic Committee.
In this sense they are no different from the acts of other branches of government.
Early this year it asked for the right to carry general commodities anywhere in Tennessee, Arkansas and Mississippi.
Not if we look at all the facts.
Only on this basis can it adjust benefits to the changing value of the dollar.
He mentioned ACF and Amsted, manufacturers of railroad cars; Crane, a maker of rails and railroad ties, and General Signal.
I recognize there could be a diversity of opinion on the subject, but enough research has been done.
After months of fruitless talks last year, the sanitation issue was submitted to an arbitrator, Matthew A. Kelly.
Sir Adrian has not appeared in public since 1978, although he continued recording in studios where he could sit down, according to Gwendoline Beckett, his secretary.
Hundreds of American tourists who came for the royal wedding camped out at Heathrow Airport today, stalled on their return home because of a strike by air traffic controllers in the United States.
But the appeals court ruled that ''it was error as a matter of law to condition his consent on the child's first consulting one of her parents.''
But the company has yet to unload one new car through the promotion.
The United States Department of Education has recognized the A.A.M.F.T.
Many have gone to this source in the past but have been unimaginative.
What the cumulative effects of these two stresses will be is difficult to predict.
Dykes and Lynn were injured last Sunday.
To the west, on a million and a half acres of rugged land, are two Indian reservations where one may get an authentic glimpse of the Wild West during tribal celebrations and rodeos.
In choosing to discuss a single book of each author under each heading, he falls prey to some arbitrary definitions and uncertain judgments.
''Our singers are 98 percent American and I could make that 100 percent any time I wanted.
Fairleigh Dickinson took the lead for good with an 11-2 burst in the final five minutes of the game.
Any lifting of the United States arms embargo is unlikely to result in a boon for the United States arms industry, defense analysts here say.
Increased tolls are in view for the Triborough Bridge and four other East River crossings.
Many fields in the affected areas appeared to be only mildly damaged, but upon closer observation it was found that the frost had caused the wheat to become sterile and the heads were empty or only partially filled out.
Speakers warned that Westchester County's new master plan for the 700-acre field, once translated into physical improvements at the airport, would endanger the quality of life in Greenwich, the Connecticut town closest to the airport.
bonds at the same interest rate.
New Jersey's coastal program ''is one of the best in the country,'' said Kathy Cousins, who coordinates the state's coastal plan for the Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.
''I know all records are made to be broken,'' said the De Paul coach, Ray Meyer, ''but I knew that this kid would not only become the all-time scoring leader, but 20 years from now people will fully realize how great a player he is.''
His Democratic counterpart, Obera Bergdall, does not have the money to mount a comparable operation and must rely on a hope that publicity about Republican campaign spending will backfire.
It was still in the air, but it was Swahili to them.
A note of optimism also was sounded by Gerald Greenwald, Chrysler's executive vice president for finance, as he emerged from the board's meeting room.
Marcia Y. Cohn, who came from Pennsylvania, found the building so ''intolerable'' after arriving in January that she went away until March.
''It was a difficult decision,'' he said, ''but putting a sales charge on top of this kind of thing would obviously lower the final yield.
''Now our audience is a family audience that watches TV.
One of the key baseball scenes in the movie had Mr. Paige pitching to his old friend Josh Gibson, often called the Babe Ruth of the Negro leagues.
''Technically, the market has been oversold for about two weeks,'' said James Tometz, analyst for Cargill Investor Services in Chicago.
Doubles - Joyce Davenport, King of Prussia, Pa; Carol Thesieres, Broomall, Pa.
But Riverdale is not; its physical appearance belies its true nature.
The magician Richiardi, called the ''Master of Illusion,'' will headline a bill of prestidigitators, including Mike Caveney, Joseph, Ioni and Richiardi's son, Ricardo, also a magician.
Mr. Symington, former Democratic Senator from Missouri and former Secretary of the Air Force, gave his stepdaughter in marriage.
The assignment is for A-C Polyethylene, which will get about $1 million in advertising in trade publications and direct mail.
Guy Lafleur, a wing with the Montreal Canadiens, underwent plastic surgery on his right ear today after escaping serious injury earlier today when he fell asleep at the wheel of his car and rammed into a fence.
The way they speak seems to symbolize their new partnership: one that is intertwined but in which each plays a distinct, separate role.
He had ducked the postmatch interviews early in the tournament, but when advised of the $500 fine that accompanied each absence, he began to appear.
He was not sure where the paintings would be housed after that.
I think it was influenced by their own prejudices, and by the way the case was presented.''
Jarryd was never in trouble against Luna but Tulasne's semifinal match was tougher.
Well-off black families, many with two incomes, have established a pattern here in recent years of placing their children in private schools after the sixth grade.
Admission is $4, $5.50, $7.50 and $9.
Hemingway, by contrast, with less inspiration, with less passion and less craziness but with a splendid severity, left the screws fully exposed, as they are on freight cars.
''From the census records, we've been able to surmise that most of the cabinetmakers were immigrants, living in boarding houses or households where they were apprenticed to master craftsmen,'' she explained.
He could be sent to prison for three to nine years.
The flurry over the Secretary of State's power in the Reagan Administration is not what I have in mind, significant as it has been.
He is vice president of the Novelty Crystal Corporation in Elmhurst, Queens, of which his father is chairman and chief executive officer and his mother is vice chairman and treasurer.
(Bud) Adams, the owner, who said yesterday that the main issue leading to Phillips's discharge had been the coach's refusal to hire an offensive coordinator, a post that has been vacant since 1977.
Bond Gets Two Goals Kevin Bond scored two goals and Steve Daley scored the third for the Sounders.
Mr. Carter, who was born in Fort Worth, Tex., in 1929 and now lives in Los Angeles, began his jazz career as a saxophonist.
Six months later, another prison psychiatrist sounded a warier note, calling Walker ''manipulative'' and pointing out that ''a significant aspect of this man's personality is the ease with which his emotions are stimulated and the extent to which he acts out his feelings in an impulsive manner.
Before the find, the state had ventured optimism that its eradication efforts had succeeded, and the new finds were a major setback.
But among the most relieved winners in silver this month have not been those in the futures market, which has still to recover from the boom and bust in the metal in early 1980, when its price soared to a record of $50 an ounce on Jan. 21, and plunged to $10 just two months later.
The goal is to net at least $25,000 to finance exhibitions and programs at the museum.
''I'd won 25 Emmys, 4 Peabodys, produced 6 Olympics.
The RLC Corporation and Waste Management Inc. of Oak Brook, Ill., said they had reached an agreement in principle for Waste Management to acquire Rollins Environmental Services, RLC's chemical waste operations, for preferred stock worth $53.2 million.
sales or earnings for the second quarter, but said results were expected to be ''better.''
''And when I woke up the next day, I beat the hell out of my pillow.''
But it was worth it.
The impelling forces are the drastic numerical decline that is about to take place in the population sector the four-year colleges were created to serve -18-year-old high school graduates - and the growing inclination of such graduates to shun liberal arts in favor of more vocationally oriented programs.
It stands to reason, therefore, that at a time of peak travel, such as from Dec. 20 to 24 and Jan. 1 to 4, availability is likely to be at its lowest.
Trading was described as dull.
British officials reiterated Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher's willingness to ease some conditions, but for all prisoners and only if the hunger strike ends.
Mr. Lublin testified before a Coast Guard hearing that the Karen E had been suck ed into the wake of a passing tugboat, the David McAllister, g ot snared on a towing cable and then was run over by thebarge being t owed.
The installation would be insulated from earth tremors by a system that senses and actively counters tremor motions.
People talk as if the cult of personality in literature belonged to our time only, that it is something invented by Ernest Hemingway and refined by Norman Mailer.
A seven-week course on ''Purchasing a Brownstone as a Home or Investment,'' will be taught by Austin K. Haldenstein, a brownstone specialist.
Dr. Pearl M. Kamer, chief economist for the Long Island Regional Planning Board, said the Island's retail sales for the first quarter of 1981 totaled $3.57 billion, up about 13 percent from the previous year's figure of $3.16 billion.
But he added that he had hoped to get a better indication of the means by which the President would accomplish his program.
Perhaps the decision by Weaver and his manager, Don Manuel, to truckle to the W.B.A.
The expected final attendance figure exceeds last year's 3.3 million customers.
Who are the officials, what was at issue and what did the statement conclude?
Most of the hostages said that they had come through the experience surprisingly well, but there were tensions.
But, with some exceptions of traditional women's organizations, such as the Girl Scouts and the Y.W.C.A., which belong to the United Way, it has generally not been available to women's groups.
Jeff Ahern and Randy Newman combined to scatter eight hits and strike out five.
We also expect that agents may soon be held to a higher in-force persistence (reduced lapsation of policies) before being compensated for selling new policies.
They asked Mr. Brezhnev to use a scheduled visit to West Germany in late November to ''open a way out of the present dangerous development.''
''It matters little whose name this arena bears,'' Mr. Byrne said.
To the Editor: I have read with amazement recent news accounts concerning the efforts of a sports conglomerate to engineer the ultimate ubermensch or, at least, American football player.
At other times she replied with brief summaries of Supreme Court precedent on the matter.
Winter Salad 4 large Bermuda or Spanish onions, sliced 2 cups milk 2 cups water 4 hard-cooked eggs, chopped 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste 1 teaspoon sugar 1/2 cup olive oil 1/4 cup cider vinegar 2 small bunches celery, diced 4 large beets, cooked, peeled and thinly sliced.
The typically American dream of a new car and home for everyone has been dissipated by sky-high interest rates.
When I first experimented with pressure cookers a year or so ago, I was amazed with the incredible speed with which foods can be cooked and have often experimented with them in ''classic'' and traditional, regional dishes.I have made beef ragouts, pork chop casseroles, chicken stews and so on with great -and hurried - success.
Its headquarters are at 807 Manhattan Avenue in Brooklyn, and it has six other branches in that borough.
Immediately add the butter and swirl it around to coat the bottom and sides of the pan.
The decline in grain and soybean futures on the Chicago Board of Trade was attributed to many of the same factors noted in the market last week.
The program should give a clearer view on the basic question of whether Mr. Papandreou intends to maintain Greece's traditional ties with the West or swing to third-world nonalignment, as he favored when his party, known as Pasok, was in opposition.
But after the last echo had abated, the evening seemed as much the conclusion of a two-part Donald Martino festival.
But he has kept the passion for discovering and nurturing new playwrights that flowered during the months he worked with Lorraine Hansberry, the author of ''Raisin,'' before the play opened.
In other words, if there were established mechanisms, a 40 Committee designed to deal with covert activity, and there was a separate track established.
The 72-year-old Mr. Goldwater, who has expressed his views with increasing and sometimes surprising force in recent months, has been angry over the Moral Majority's attack on Judge Sandra Day O'Connor; President Reagan's nominee to the United States Supreme Court is from Arizona.
The $17 entry fee includes four rounds plus all trophy fees.
Sometimes it is a fan club of one that tries to rear back and pass a miracle.
Now I'd like to talk to my contractor, I can tell you that.
Based on some data on the Catskill Mountains, he suggests that the Delaware reservoirs' watershed this year may get 40 to 41 inches of precipitation, just below the normal 44 inches.
As for the best way to promote savings, the Ways and Means panel heard unorthodox advice from Joseph A. Pechman of the Brookings Institution.
The firm is also design consultant to the Rockefeller Center Development Corporation on several major new projects including the 48-story Wells Fargo Building in Los Angeles and, according to Alexander Cooper and Stanton Eckstut, the principals, it has been so busy that it has declined as much work as it has taken on.
This reminded Miss Huston of a Tunisian wife who told her: ''There is a saying in Arabic about us women.
B-After a $14,735,000 gain on restructuring of debt under the Dec 11, 1978 court approved plan of bankruptcy, a tax benefit of $103,000 and income from discontinued operations of $112,000
''I just love the kids, you know, and the kids in our community don't have that much,'' Mr. Hampton said in a telephone interview from his home.
Indeed, she recites her lines - lines, which on occasion, she concedes, have been unsophisticated, even naive -with the aplomb of an accomplished actress.
It was just after the fire that the begum brought her family and retinue to the train station to be able to better advance her cause by calling on ministers.
He has occasionally talked of the need for a North American Common Market made up of Mexico, Canada and the United States, but both Mexico and Canada have rejected the idea as impractical.
American mustards are mild, sweet and generally rather oily; English mustards are very hot; the Germans, a blend of ground seeds and vinegar, are generally sharp, with some slightly on the sweet side.
The improving New York State breeding program moved up several lengths with the recent announcement that Noble Nashua will stand at Schoenborn Bros. Farm in Climax, N.Y., when he is retired next fall.
In this familiar situation, the developer keeps the building, getting the advantage of depreciation, and the lender buys the land and leases it back to the developer.
Too many weapons have certainly helped to create the Middle East-Persian Gulf headache, but the hair of the dog isn't much of a remedy.
Now they sit in neat rows of desks in Room 220 at Public School 19, at 185 First Avenue and East 11th Street, in a part of the Lower East Side that has become predominantly Chinese in recent years, patiently awaiting their morning's assignment.
Team Protested He was then hospitalized for several weeks and said he would never try the downhill again.
My all-time favorite for flavor is a vigorous, hybrid climber-type, Early Cascade.
A passenger shot Mr. Shild in the head after the bus driver refused to give him a free transfer, according to the police.
Atmosphere: Trim, smartly styled, convivial bar and small restaurant that are noisy and cramped; service can be polite and good-natured, or curt and contentious, depending on the waiter.
The company said the increases were made because of fluctuations in the value of the dollar and Japanese yen.
Sixteen judges who were reassigned to the State Supreme Court in New York City to cut backlogs of cases began presiding at trials yesterday.
We've got to make this one good.
''That's my opinion,'' he adds.
But lack of resources will no longer be a constraint in promoting birth control programs, she said, asserting that the Government was ''totally committed'' to voluntary birth control.
Nevertheless, despite their reputation for dealing largely in ''hardcore pedantry,'' many university press books have attained sales that even the commercial publishers might envy.
''If I go up there I feel I'm entering into his privacy.
Mr. Schlesinger said that he was not aware of the fire at 68 Montclair Avenue.
WEEKEND CRUISES Project Oceanology, a nonprofit marine eductional organization in Connecticut, is offering a series of weekend ocean cruises out of Groton, Conn., with three departures each Saturday and Sunday.
The overwhelming numbers made the prospect of nuclear catastrophe unimaginable, he said.
The viewer may not necessarily be a candidate for a couture dress, which normally costs from $2,000 to $3,000 at some of the smaller houses for a relatively simple style (the more elaborate beaded evening designs can go as high as $15,000).
Even with Medicare, an older person might have enough deductions to make this worthwhile.
Because the city will own the building, ''rent will be much less - perhaps no greater than the payment of maintenance costs,'' Miss Brown said.
Garcia (D) Y N Y 22.
(D2) Air Florida is seeking to acquire control of Western Airlines and has already bought 9.9 percent of Western's stock.
Asked what adjectives he would use to describe himself, the President replied, ''Oh, there's a terrible fight goes on inside of you between vanity and modesty.''
Why are there such marked differences among the boroughs and among individual judges?
The judge in the court-martial of Pfc.
Since it is not possible to forecast the long-term rate of inflation, it becomes necessary to use an index not merely to protect against inflationary increases in operating costs but also against the erosion of the owner's equity investment.
The opera sputtered along for five years and then disappeared, and an orchestral score has still not been published.
The evening begins with ''Vibrations,'' a playful, plotless 1978 work.
While the Mets remained tame (they were 4-9 on their homestand), Broderick Perkins continued to attack New York pitching with a kind of ferocity.
When these disbursements are completed by the end of the month, Penn Central will be free from all bankruptcyrelated financial obligations.
New Look in Trousers The Italians pioneered the development of new fashions in trousers, with emphasis on rounded cuts and shorter lengths.
The cries of a bat are mostly far above the range of sound audible to a human being.
A superintendent will accept the position and take his chances - probably at higher pay because of the greater risk.''
The others he named were Ralph Winter, another Yale law professor, who has been nominated to the Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit, in New York, and Richard Posner, a University of Chicago professor who was confirmed by the Senate last month to serve on the Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit in Chicago.
''If you do, it would doom the air traffic system to years of inefficiency.
Also over 200 flesh wounds.
''It is the economics of extinction,'' said Mr. Donovan.
Numerous studies since the mid-70's have shown that United States nuclear power plants produce an average of only 60 percent of their design output, versus industry projections of 75 to 80 percent; that the second generation of larger plants (in excess of 800 megawatts capacity) produces only 55 percent, and that reactor output increases only slightly with operating experience.
The President has already started down this path with the decontrol of oil and gasoline prices ahead of former President Jimmy Carter's schedule.
Armed with hotel recommendations from the airport tourist office and our guidebooks, we put our phrase-book Spanish to the test and got a taxi for the ride down into La Paz ($7).
He expressed confidence then that the worst of Newark's water-supply crisis was over.
The arrest ended a search that at one time aroused suspicions that Mr. Boyce was sprung from prison by Soviet agents or those of other foreign countries.
The specific projects include $65 million to upgrade aging and leak-prone pipelines in urban centers, $65 million for a new pipeline to transfer Round Valley-Spruce Run water to northern Jersey, $40 million for two reservoirs in Monmouth County, $15 million for protection of watersheds and aquifers, $15 million for improvements in pipeline connections among four North Jersey suppliers, $20 million to dredge and widen the Delaware and Raritan Canal, $1 million for conservation programs and $500,000 for water treatment studies.
The Office of Cable Television, established in 1972 as part of the State Board of Public Utilities, has been given the difficult task of drawing up recommendations for a bill to regulate the adult shows and the R-rated movies widely seen on such cable channels as Home Box Office.
But her game has slowly improved this year and today, despite a lingering case of bronchitis that caused her difficulties on the back nine, Miss Reynolds shot par 72 for a 213 total, three under for 54 holes at the difficult Stanwich Club.
The study will include an analysis of employee functions, the design of the state's 38 inspection stations, the energy used to heat and ventilate them and health factors affecting both workers and motorists.
The initial steps of the scenario were played out according to the script.
But Bossy sprang up and converted Bryan Trottier's pass from behind the net into the goal in almost a simultaneous action.
This is purported to be ''Il Corsaro's'' first performance in America.
The decision did not sit well with bishops who heard of it after the fact, in a telegram sent to nonmembers of the committee.
Many of the most important tourist sites are in the central part of the town and can be reached on foot.
Sponsors Sought for House Bill Gerry E. Studds, a Massachusetts Democrat, has gathered 52 cosponsors for a bill he introduced Jan. 29 to end American military aid to El Salvador, begun under the Carter Administration.
Governors will have to follow such a course if they hope to reach an accommodation on the management of declining public services, Governor Snelling said.
The economy continued to grow, so liberals did not have to face the question of incompatible goals.
Those who did during the assassination story were quickly informed and not too often misled.
About the D.C. policeman, please?
Con Edison had opposed the turbines, proposing instead a pumpedstorage plant at Cornwall near Storm King Mountain.
If Nelson were still here, one might reasonably ask, would not Westway's riverfront already be alive with the sound of laughing children, or at least with the hum of elevators rising in a pyramid or two?
What would have happened if Libya had sent up two more jets, and two after that, and so on?
No replacement was announced immediately.
Mrs. Botnen, however, still has a separate lawsuit pending for injuries she suffered in the accident.
The day-night we went, it was a roar of rueful laughter.
The producer expects ''The Queen of Basin Street'' to cost close to $2.5 million, and to go into rehearsal after Labor Day.
Even if the technical progress continues, microencapsulation may not prove economical in many of its potential applications.
Top: Wool coat trimmed with dyed fox worn over a dyed sheared nutria coat.
The Vikings used Brown's touchdown, three field goals by Rick Danmeier and a 1-yard scoring pass from Kramer to Rickey Young to run up 23-0 lead in the third quarter.
''There are many prisoners of conscience,'' Miss Alekseyeva added.
The Treasury Secretary termed the need for the increase ''one of the most disheartening things I've faced.''
The seal, believed to be 127 to 132 years old, will be placed on permanent display in the State Capitol next January when the building celebrates its six-year, $68 million restoration.
The 350-acre gardens now comprise an Italian Water Garden, a Main Fountain Garden, a Rock Garden, a Heath and Heather Garden, a Wisteria Garden, a Poppy Garden, a carillon tower and a waterfall.
In summer they help lower air-conditioning costs by reflecting away as much as 60 percent of the sun's rays and in winter they lower heat transmission by adding almost as much insulation as would result from a second pane of glass.
''We regret that the Soviet Union has chosen to take this unusual step of publishing a confidential letter from Foreign Minister Gromyko to Secretary Haig,'' William J. Dyess, a department spokesman, said.
The only serious disagreement today came on a proposal that was offered by Senator John C. Danforth, Republican of Missouri, and opposed by the Administration.
His survival represents one of the proudest advances in neonatology, the subspecialty of newborn care formally recognized by the American Academy of Pediatrics in 1975.
As her 38-year-old mother tells her in the film, ''When I grow up, I want to be just like you.''
The sources said that President Royo offered his resignation to the National Guard after General Torrijos died but was given a formal vote of confidence by the staff officers.
Her fiance is the son of A.L.
(Rhyme courtesy of the author.)
Most westbound flights are during the day; eastbound flights concentrate in the evening.
In addition, the Hamptons are drawing more nonresidents for short visits - a weekend or even a day -during the winter.
There are two dozen potential candidates in the Democratic and Republican primaries for Governor.
There are two commercial banks, but both are branches, one of Marine Midland and the other of the Bank of New York.
It consists impartially of sunsets and sludge.
In 1926, it was changed so that if a runner advanced on any base it was a sacrifice fly.
A pianist in a tuxedo sat down at a baby grand piano and began to limber up.
This is the way deficit projections grew in recent years and just reinforces the financial market's skepticism about the Government's ability to bring spending under control.
The 'No Help Wanted' Sign Accepting his election in a speech to the National Committee, Mr. Richards said it was essential that the group continue to expand its field work and keep on trying to attract new voters to party ranks.
's are alternatives, not additions, to medical benefits.
Hours after the speech, violence broke out again in Toxteth, with gangs of youths stoning policemen for the second night in a row.
The imprisoned Oscar Wilde asks a rhetorical question: ''How else but through a broken heart/May Lord Christ enter in?''
Cost of Dairy Supports Debated After compromises by both sides and hours of dispute over how much the dairy supports would actually cost, the conferees agreed to recommend that each house accept these points: - Continuing the current milk price support level of $13.10 per hundred pounds through the fiscal year 1982, which ends Oct. 1, 1982.
''Live at Five,'' for example, is chockablock with five-minute celebrity interviews.
There is little institutional memory in this uniquely discontinuous political exercise.
Doug DeCinces and Mark Belanger of the Baltimore Orioles attended the session.
Who made this statement and what were the circumstances?
Similar deep-discount corporate issues have met a good reception lately for such borrowers as Martin Marietta, Northwest Industries, Transamerica Financial and General Motors Acceptance.
I do not have the scientific credentials or access to the research data to question this finding.
It was even possible to speak of a climate of faint hope.
Robert H. Taylor, a retired agent of the Secret Service who served under five Presidents, died of cancer yesterday at Georgetown University Hospital.
''I began to get my act together,'' he said.
But another special, veal medaillons Maintenon, with a salty, overheavy dark wine sauce and an equally heavy cream sauce, suggested banquet cooking of the most dated kind.
Why is the driver so unfailingly polite?
That season you had 'The Little Foxes,' 'The Philadelphia Story,' 'Abe Lincoln in Illinois,' 'No Time for Comedy,' 'Victoria Regina,' 'My Heart's in the Highlands' and 'Hellzapoppin.'
Mr. Stone's song cues announce themselves like sirens - and then give way to numbers that tend to illustrate the action rather than advance it.
There's a different distribution system, right from the factory.
He said that Esso Resources earlier had set a $400 million development budget for 1981.
Born in Hungary, he was a professor at the University of Budapest and taught in Switzerland before joining the institute in 1955.
Anthony went into the ninth frame trailing Sliker by 28 pins, threw a strike, then broke his wrist support.
So a job selling for the film syndication division of NBC led to a job at Filmaster, a production company, and that led to ABC.
"This is a province whose distinctive feature is social injustice - disparity in society between the very few rich and the vast majority of poor workers - and the inequity in law," he said.
Reggie Jackson might say that Bradshaw was the straw that stirred the drink.
''We are still not in a position to say whether the Pope will live,'' Dr. Emilio Tresalti, the hospital's chief medical officer, told reporters.
''You send him to bed without dinner, but he's back down for breakfast in the morning.''
Since the article seriously distorts the intent and character of the present policy toward South and Southwest Asia on the basis of purported statements by Administration officials, I believe it necessary to set the record straight.
The court said that the record showed ''irrefutably that the licensee was playing the dodger to serious charges involving it and its parent company.''
Gary Ruff, very little of the crime engaged in by youths congregating in the village is violent, and most incidents involve property damage.
Mr. Luns was in Washington today meeting with senior officials even as high-ranking American diplomats were ranging Western Europe to put the final touches on the proposal with NATO allies.
In the glow of his last-seconds theatrics, despite a cracked rib and a painfully swollen left ankle, the 28-year-old quarterback was asked how it felt to be in first place.
An internal study prepared for one of the largest commercial banks, not released publicly, said that in the first half of this year nearly 25 percent more companies applied for bankruptcy than in the similar period last year.
The United Automobile Workers union represents 5,700 of the employees.
Pittsburgh Redivivus Accompanying the Pittsburgh Symphony on its trip to New York this week is news that the much-admired public-television series ''Previn and the Pittsburgh'' will return next year in the form of three specials.
Paradise, 4501 Fourth Ave., Brooklyn.
Yet she is also tentatively trying out the feeling called ''love'' on her 18-year-old friend and neighbor Gene, who has been drafted and may be sent to Vietnam.
according to Peter Wissel, research director for the State Division of Equalization and Assessment.
One charming vignette is of tea at Cliveden, described by Walter Elliott, a favored guest and Conservative parliamentary colleague, as having the ambiance of a Bedouin encampment.
Other contributors to the construction of the center were Samuel L. and Fair Higginbottom, Dr. and Mrs. Nikit Ordjanian, Consolidated Edison and Keiji Komoda, a Japanese-Korean businessman and friend of the university.
Translating the Bible into another tongue is a difficult assignment in itself.
However, a State Supreme Court justice ruled in May that New York City did not have the authority to make such a move.
A Minimum of Errors ''The biggest thing about Bobby Jones is that he knows his limitations and plays within them.
The piccolo-like penny whistles there go for $5.75.
The document was critical of what it called ''attempts to interfere'' in the situation by ''external enemies of socialism.''
Some, like Mr. Adams, find the apparent similarities between the organisms and those that theoretically first supported life intriguing.
He said, ''That's what we were, we are.
Having an office means even more than writing books.
In a brief statement, a spokesman for the Central Intelligence Agency, Dale Peterson, said two employees had been forced to resign by the agency's director at that time, Adm. Stansfield Turner.
Cordero said that, after the call from Feliciano, he brought Feliciano to his home for dinner.
That was before the Reagan Administratio n came to office and added supplemental funds.
This does not mean that the days of wine and roses have returned or that fiscal discipline can be relaxed.
It is paid for by the U.F.T., but it is protected by a copyright in the name of Albert Shanker.
The power was soon shut off along the transmission lines, leaving several towns on the North Shore above Boston without electricity.
Following his two-week African tour, Chester Crocker, the United States Assistant Secretary of State-designate for African Affairs, briefed British, West German, French and Canadian officials on his findings.
How would limited numbers of either the MX or the B-1 close the socalled ''window of vulnerability'' in this decade?
Army (7-11) trailed, 26-18, at halftime.
The patent comments that the maintenance of an adequate, secure communication link with nuclear-powered submarines is of prime importance in modern military operations.
American assurance that the U.S. will in no case renege on previous support for the U.N.-backed agreement could bring a better hearing for the effort to get some form of prior guarantee.
Then there were chants of ''We want the Queen Mum!''
Then a spill of nitrogen tetroxide propellant Sept. 21 damaged tiles near the spaceship's nose.
It has sold some 650,000 copies since its publication in France last October, according to the author, and has been published in 14 languages.
The Royals, twelve games back at the time of the strike, finished a game ahead of the A's in the second half.
If I studied as much as I rode, I d have a 4.0 If I didn't qualify, I said I'll just study the rest of the semester, get good grades.
Once or twice a month - Cruises of about 80 nights from San Francisco to the Far East.
Administration officials said that the Cabinet had urged the President to pursue a strategy of ''selective interdiction,'' to intercept boats carrying Haitians and other aliens to the United States without visas.
Dr. Carroll Purcell, a historian of science and technology at the University of California, Santa Barbara, says Columbia's failure ''would be another nail in the coffin of our technological confidence.''
Birdsong hasn't made many mistakes since then.
Carol Schwartz Greenwald is no stranger to controversy, and while her tenure as president of the little-known National Consumer Cooperative bank has been a quiet one to date, friends and colleagues say that she can be a determined foe.
He said that the Potomac concern was now a wholly owned subsidiary of the Hannaford Company, which he said was owned by him and several associates.
Meanwhile, shares of the Electronics Corporation have done well since trading as low as 15 1/4 in 1980.
In New Jersey, a spokesman for Gov.
The Garden attendance was 19,596; the gross receipts were $854,748.50.
''That made an impression on me.''
When someone finally said, 'Enough,' I'd have a tantrum.''
David Abrahamson is a freelance writer.
These four were the only people continuously at the Palmyra lagoon in July and August 1974, although several other craft came and went.
Reduction of Tension Doubted Mr. Haig, appearing on a morning television show, was asked whether tensions had been reduced as a result of his talks with Mr. Gromyko.
I mean, do you hurt at times and you feel good at times?
In order to keep the issue alive, the Legislature last year approved eight versions of an amendment, although none of the proposals won overwhelming approval in either house.
After one tackle, he asks them, ''Who's not in the fray?''
Both Soviet and East German troops are involved.
Alternative hypotheses are not so much dismantled as bullied out of court.
In an article in the February issue of Salt Water Sportsman, Hal Lyman, the magazine's publisher and an expert in the marine fisheries field, made several recommendations.
Al Lowenstein's memorial services concided with our making of plans to return to Long Island for our 10th high school reunion.
Preparations for Protest Four hundred law-enforcement officers from three counties were specially trained, bolstered by several hundred highway patrol officers and logistical support from the National Guard.
Some have spun out elaborate schemes of byzantine coalitions in which Mr. Dayan could become prime minister.
Jim Suddath, a replacement for the injured Gene Banks, scored a career-high 16 points and Engelland had 10.
''We'll have more sympathy for him now,'' Jackson said.
The caucus describes the firebrand minister as ''the one person whom most people in Ireland and England would associate closely with violence, political hatred and bigotry.''
One of those, Gilbert Earle, of 194-59 114th Road in Queens, was a 29-year-old Greyhound bus driver.
I longed to spend a few years surrounded by green and open space.''
With new-car sales so low they can't trade for them.''
As part of an effort to show its sincerity, the party allowed the powerful Chinese Academy of Sciences last month to elect a scientist, instead of a party functionary, as its president.
DECENT Mexican and Tex-Mex restaurants are few and far between in New Jersey, and so it is good news for aficionados that El Bandito has opened in Orange.
Why didn't Scholastic publish such stories for bookstore sale?
It said the rate was pushed upward by the loss of many jobs held by adults, including more layoffs of construction workers and school teachers.
And certainly level with them by being honest.
The Saudis complained to the United States and Washington has raised the matter with the Israelis.
He was thd navigator aboard the Woolaroc, a monoplane that won a $25,000 prize in a 1927 race from Oakland, Calif., to Honolulu.
Mr. Amoss started his career at Lykes in 1947.
''At first, I found that singing was strange.
On Saturday, during a closed session in which questions were thrown at the candidates, Mr. Kania was subjected to a merciless grilling.
Bingham (D) Y Y Y N 23.
Trilling make of her own spacious apartment near Columbia University - this apartment filled with Italian and Japanese prints, vases of fresh flowers, worn brocade sofas and bookshelves lined with Eliot and Proust and Freud.
While school officials have not compiled statistics on the phenomenon they call the ''freshman blues,'' some educators estimate that 25 to 30 percent of a typical freshman class seeks counseling on academic or personal problems from university support systems.
Each school will enforce the law in its own way, but it is generally expected that principals will provide teachers with lists of students who have not complied with the la w and that the youngsters will be asked to leave and told to return with signed consent forms.
Mrs. Gerken and her husband, both corporate managers who lived in New Jersey, wanted to sublet an apartment in the city for a year while they considered buying a house or a cooperative apartment.
The strongest case is for a clover, Trifolium procumbens, the three-leaved clover which was said to have been used by St. Patrick to teach the Trinity.
Bring to the boil and let simmer 20 minutes.
Question of Insanity Defense In addition to studying the incidence of violent crime in America, the Attorney General's commmittee is also studying whether insanity should be a legal defense in a violent crime.
Consider therecent polls by Black Enterprise Magazine; by The New York Times/CBS News; the Gallup Organization; the Dresner, M orris and Tortorello firm, and by The Washington Post, along with studies by Market Opinion Research, a company that polls for Re publicans.
Among the top lots in the sale is an album of 55 prints by Hiroshige, one of the 19th-century masters of the art, depicting scenes of the highway between Edo (Tokyo) and Kyoto.
Missouri is 5-1 and 1-1.
Like parochial schools in other urban areas, in recent years Philadelphia's diocesan schools have been educating increasing numbers of minority and non-Catholic students.
Mr. Blum, I thought, must be the advance scout for a whole army of dam and reservoir builders, engineers and construction companies, and their spokesmen, to whom the very concept of any large acreage wherein nature can do better than they is a deep moral and professional affront.
There are basically three steps involved in achieving a wood grain effect with paint: (1) Painting on the background color (usually referred to as the ground color).
The Mayor, who says Westway is a pragmatic and not a philosophical issue for him, has taken many positions on it - multiple variations of yes, no and maybe.
Harguindeguy is bad at starting things, and what he must do if he does not understand something is keep his mouth shut.''
The idea was for Misko to stay inside the triangle and get off his punt before it could be blocked.
Mr. Goldman asked, swallowing the bait.
The 70's are going to keep moving up.''
Two others were stopped by Smith, but struck the post and bounded into the cage.
Things are going so well that she decides to marry Eddie (James Sloyan), who has been living with her.
After the war, such grassroots anti-Semitic attitudes were frequently reflected in official Soviet policies, which were adapted to meet changing political needs at home and overseas.
Among the benefits of regular stretching, Mr. Anderson says, are that it: * Reduces muscle tension and makes the body more relaxed.
They had led or shared the lead in the early stages of the round.
The chamber series is sold out, and the seven -concert series is some 200 seats ahead of last year, with 700 of 1 ,100 subscriptions spoken for.
Although there were no meetings with the nominees, Dr. Gerald Freund, a foundation vice president who directs the fellowship program, remarked that the searches were so painstaking, "we feel we know all 21 very well."
They become cabbies because they can get work easily and begin earning money fast.
The twins, born Wednesday to an unnamed 29-year-old woman, remained in critical condition, kept alive with respiratory assistance.
In half a season, eight games, he has gained 840 yards, or 6 yards a game less than his career average.
Test them with a thin skewer rather than the prongs of a fork, which tend to break them apart.
''It was a special pleasure to welcome you, Mrs. Takase, and Miss Kamisaka to the White House,'' Mrs. Reagan's letter said, as published in the newspaper Asahi.
Always resentful about the way she has been treated by the family, the spinster, supposedly the country bumpkin, sets about having her revenge.
In his account of the mechanisms of self-deception, Professor Hollander makes effective use of the concept of ''contextual redefinition.''
At the same time, dealers said, some bargainhunting investors emerged as buyers at the new, lower prices.
Despite his break with the party in 1946, he continued to regard himself as a Marxist.
''People get in for different reasons.''
In light of this rather grim list of problems, the further question might be whether our prospects for the next 10 years are going to be any better.
In 1966, Mr. Cohen departed, and Earl Carlyss, the pleasant, equable son of a Swedish minister, became the first of a new generation of Julliard players.
We feel the Big Ten is our natural home.
POP MUSIC The guitarists John McLaughlin and Al DiMeola acquired their reputations playing faster than the speed of sound with amplified jazz-rock bands.
Vought is a unit of LTV Corporation.
Special order at Moss, 860 Madison Avenue.
Eventually I want to coach, but first I want to play pro.''
And that leaves Green, also expected to be an outside linebacker in the N.F.L., for the Jets.
The terror campaign by several Armenian groups has taken the lives of 17 Turkish diplomats, their relatives or aides since 1973.
Why should city dwellers who use mass transit pay for scenic vacation highways they don't drive on?
Her days were filled with the tedium of running a dairy farm, her nights with the annoyance of managing a household full of aging, ailing and demanding relatives.
Three military airplanes, bedecked with yellow ribbon pompons on their doorways, were waiting there to fly them to Stewart International Airport in Newburgh, N.Y., to the reunion for which they had all been waiting.
The poster sells for $6 and, according to Avery McLean, the school's marketing director, the plan calls for the university to receive 6 percent of the revenue from every poster sold.
The expectation among analysts is that the weight of Israeli operations in the next week will be exerted by the army, most probably in further clearing operations near the Khardali Bridge across the Litani River.
''I came here to get ready for Wimbledon and do my best, but I'm really pleased.
Southern Connecticut had two survivors in the weight throw's eight finalists - Borden and Bob Rodgers.
The school board appealed to Dr. Fred G. Burke, the state's Commissioner of Education, who upheld Judge Thomas.
But Mr. Holmgren said that many of the CETA people needed extensive remedial training.
The high interest rates choked off hopes for economic recovery.
Yield: 4 to 6 servings.
Sugar cane fields yielded half as much per acre as they had 25 years earlier, and the State Sugar Corporation, set up in 1973 and now the owner of 62 percent of the sugar land and seven mills, ran up a debt of $450 million that has been passed on to consumers as a tax of seven cents a pound on sugar.
''It is not realistic in these days of lagging productivity, cost inflation and earnings pressure to expect that shareholders generally would accept large increases in corporate contributions,'' said Walter A. Fallon, chairman of the Eastman Kodak Corporation.
Last year, the Senate Finance Committee passed a bill that would have raised it to 70 percent, and the expectation is that capital gains rates will decline further under the Reagan The effective rate of the tax on capital gains varies with a person's tax bracket.
Mr. Reagan, a life member and former president of the union, was voted down by a 4-to-1 ratio because the 99-member board decided that giving him the award would ''alienate'' the guild from other unions, its public relations director, Kim Fellner, said today.
On the face of it, who could argue?
''She began telling me a million things about what was wrong with my leaving.
B-After losses from discontinued operations of $695,000 for the qr and $2,405,000 for the 9 mos and foreign currency losses of $941,000 for the qr and $3.6 million for the 9 mos...C-After $285,000 loss from discontinued operations and $250,000 foreign currency gain...D-Net loss after $1,401,000 loss from discontin operations, $19,157,000 loss from cumulative effect on prior yr of accounting change and $600,000 foreign currency gain
Both the center and the course are part of planned celebrations for the county's tricentennial of 1983.
Chinaglia hasn't been going well in recent games, but the Cosmos haven't been hurt by his ineffectiveness.
Present city officials said an example of mistaken political considerations was the fact that the Mitchell-Lama properties were backed by short-term city notes until recently.
Mr. Deng's remark on sharing power was reportedly made on July 18 during an interview with Cha Leung Yung, president and chairman of the Hong Kong newspaper Ming Bao.
This model, being made of granite, was created so we could study the weight problems we anticipate when the time comes to put the real Pentagon in motion.
It proves very useful when the young sleuths read about some local bank robberies and decide to prevent them.
The panel said the Defense Department seemed to be unable to determine which soldiers were exposed to the herbicide.
Ross MacGibbon had his hands full in a grappling duet as the young man on the beach with whom Isadora tries to have a child.
''The financing of the social security deficit is no more than the first step toward a total reform of all the Government's social policies,'' Mrs. Questiaux said last week.
Even Halston, who held on to the navy gabardine suit longer than most out of a sense of nostalgia, didn't show one this time.
He rode out a subsequent challenge from hard-liners at a Central Committee meeting and seemed to gain strength as a comfortable and known quantity, acceptable to all factions.
Shot by a would-be assassin, Ronald Reagan had just been operated on for removal of an explosive bullet lodged in his lung.
Things lead to murder, and the redoubtable Sister Mary Teresa successfully addresses herself to the problem.
Other late dollar rates in New York included: 2.5780 West German marks, up from Friday's 2.5350; 6.1638 French francs, up from 6.0975, and 2.2020 Swiss francs, up from 2.1860.
Foreign Minister Hans-Dietrich Genscher received former Vice President Walter F. Mondale for lunch today, the Foreign Ministry said.
But he now runs the risk of the divided Council's agreeing on some other figure.
A History of the Roman Catholic Community in the United States.
As for the present situation, Mr. Best said: ''I don't know how long it will last.
Still, next Sunday's starters were merely projected backups when the year began.
Forestry research indicates that the effects of gypsy moth defoliation have been minimal over several decades of this insects' appearances.
''The devaluation will have a positive effect in terms of growth and employment only if all our compatriots take part in an indispensible effort to moderate the rise in prices and wages,'' Prime Minister Pierre Mauroy said in an interview published today by Le Monde, a Paris evening newspaper.
To the Editor: The Woolworth, the Empire State and many other works of art presumably can survive a nuclear attack.
The conductor tapped his baton.
If I do, he said he's going to retain rights to me.
Instead, it is Mr. Coolidge whom the President describes as his political patron saint.
Today's issue of The Guide, which lists the musical as opening today, went to press before the schedule change.
They are, literally, a week-byweek c hronicle of the Washington wars, and only at odd intervals is the reader reminded of the somewhat greater conflict with Hitler, Mussolini and the Japanese.
With a gross purse of $226,750, of which $147,387 went to the winner, the Florida Derby was the most opulent race ever run on this sunny sand pit, the land of the Yankee dream.
Mixed Pairs - Judy Tucker, New York, and Howard Chandross, Long Beach, L.I.
''I was the first American child, their offering to the strange new god,'' Alfred Kazin writes of his parents in ''A Walker in the City.''
And Harry Hopman, who once paled at the sight of a professional, has become one himself.
He runs afoul of a vindictive Mafia capo, he gets fired from the case, he gets on it again, he gets clobbered, he revenges himself, and at the end justice is served in a so-so manner.
Those that are accepted will be paid out of a $1 billion security account established for that purpose, Mr. Romberg said.
Leslie John Alden Lang of St. Thomas Episcopal Church in New York performed the ceremony.
The suit said that President Reagan, Secretary of State Alexander M. Haig Jr. and Secretary of Defense Caspar W. Weinberger violated the Constitution and the War Powers Resolution by sending advisers without approval of Congress.
France's Finance Minister, Jacques Delors, announced plans today to reinforce the devaluation of the franc by freezing a wide range of retail prices, deferring some public spending increases and working out wage guidelines with labor.
So could his father, John Brunner, now the offensive backfield coach of the Detroit Lions.
The first item at my dining table would be a fish course, perhaps smoked salmon.
Romeo Panciroli, the Vatican's chief spokesman, said that the Pope had been hit twice in his side.
There are no food shortages here now, and foreign debts have been kept to a minimum.
Are they afraid to allow youngsters a clear choice?
''They threatened a demonstration and I said 'Wonderful, come on up.'
The Bishop added: ''If we are to be faithful, courageous witnesses in a suffering and broken world, inner resources need to be cultivated.
Kevin Stacom came in to score 16 of his 18 points in the second half for New York Tech (3-2).
These were chosen so as to insure that each borough was represented in proportion to its population.
Even as a child, you were keenly and completely aware at that moment that war created death.
''Our administrative process will be reduced to the point where we'll have great difficulty operating.''
Last November, a Federal panel studying formaldehyde determined that the chemical could cause cancer in human beings.
Among his jobs as a youngster in Brooklyn, he said, was one delivering meat for a kosher butcher.
Mr. Aird described the weekend as quiet and family-oriented.
''We are exploring the opportunities of selling the company piecemeal,'' the source said.
It was still early in the season, so the invasion of the sun worshipers hadn't occurred.
''For my money, his books go straight downhill after 'A Farewell to Arms' and 'Winner Take Nothing,' aside from the magnificent reprieve of 'The Old Man and the Sea' and most of 'A Moveable Feast.'
The swiftness of the action and the absence of debate belied the underlying disagreements, which may come up when the full Judiciary Committee considers the bill next week.
The lawyer, Eduardo di Giovanni, said the statement declared that ''victory has been achieved'' and that the magistrate, Giovanni D'Urso, should be freed.
Ruben Windmiller, a developer who renovates abandoned buildings, just closed a deal on a $69,000 two-bedroom duplex in his 422 State Street project in Brooklyn.
By DEIRDRE FRANK It felt like riding in a hot-air balloon, except that my muscles ached.
But the opponents were just as weary.
The British Information Services in New York said yesterday that forged invitations to a celebration of the royal wedding at the Plaza Hotel had been sent out under its name.
''Prince Sihanouk, you are very young,'' the Prince recalled Mr. Dulles's lecture.
Overcoming Failure He said that in his talks with parents, students and community groups there was a recurring theme: a syndrome of failure.
The claim is loosely worded: Before it could make sense, virtually every adjective would have to be expounded, the necessary qualifications taken into account, judicious comparisons made.
Each time, he said, ''Our great respect for the Court shielded those Justices who put themselves above the law.''
The latest commentary by the New China News Agency developed Peking's current image of ''Moscow on the offensive and Washington endeavoring to stave it off.''
''No, he told me about it.''
But what Horgan thought - if he did -the pictures do not reveal.
The service at the cemetery will be a military ceremony with a flyover by state military aircraft.
Only the school is beyond their control.
The announcement today came in the wake of a flurry of allegations and calls for Mr. Casey's resignation, touched off by the forced resignation two weeks ago of Mr. Hugel, who was accused of being involved in improper financial practices.
The largest single contribution was $5,000 from a local family.
''But we notice that the big names of the congress are themselves people extremely well rewarded by this society for having spent the last 15 years attacking it.''
This therapy, called nerve block, has proved especially helpful for the pain of shingles; indeed, such treatment of the initial attack often results in rapid healing of this viral nerve infection and prevents the long-lasting misery that sometimes follows.
President Reagan's support for nuclear power over obviously superior alternative energy sources is the logical complement to his budget policy of gorging the Pentagon while starving poor and working class Americans.
And then, with a deep curtsy by the Princess to her mother-in-law and sovereign, and with the solemn notes of Elgar's ''Pomp and Circumstance No.
That is a far more difficult and subtle accomplishment where food is concerned, as visits to a variety of restaurants indicate.
One appeal was brought by Thomas Trantino, a 42-year-old man serving a life term for murdering two Lodi policemen in 1963.
Here are some other critical watering stages for specific vegetables: Broccoli, cabbage, cauliflower and lettuce need water when the heads are being developed.
But each child speaks in his or her own voice.
Western European governments have complained recently that the dollar's steep rise in recent months, fueled by high United States interest rates, has threatened their economic growth.
The British Government today rejected suggestions that Prince Charles and Lady Diana Spencer begin their Mediterranean honeymoon cruise in some port other than Gibraltar.
Selling by commercial interests was noted in wheat, which gained 4 cents in the March-delivery contract to close at $4.32 1/2.
On the day he was supposed to begin spring training, Steve Henderson walked into the locker room of the New York Mets for the last time today and said goodbye to the men and the dreams of the last three and a half years.
Iona College in New Rochelle, and John McFadden, its energy expert, have tried something else.
Between 70 and 90 faculty members in Durham received copies of the letters.
And before that, role-model seekers may be interested to know, she worked with the Girl Scouts in Cincinnati and Washington and the Girl Guides in Australia.
''It has helped me being a woman,'' she admitted.
''Taxi to the John,'' the autobiography of Frank Ripploh, follows the exploits of the German schoolteacher-turned-filmmaker.
Stravinsky's knotty Septet also had severe balance problems that often played hob with the intricate contrapuntal writing.
Only two of the Buick engine assembly lines were running in Flint today.
Fifty-eight said they would lay off workers.
How remarkable the Jets' victory was is borne out by the results of the 10 Super Bowls since the leagues merged in 1970.
The Swiss bank had maintained that it could not release the names without a waiver of Swiss secrecy law from the buyers themselves.
She did not want to close the door on him, though she did try to keep personal contact to a minimum.
''Of all the leaders I can think of, he moderately and almost totally moved peacefully toward a democratic socialist vision of reality,'' Prof. Cartey said.
Several hours after reports about the redecoration fund were publicized today, Barbara Bush announced that no more money would be solicited.
''In the other three cases the Turkish planes had already left.''
However, that legislation was based on expectations that in 1985, oil would go for $15 a barrel, less than half the current level.
''Everything went fine at the City Opera for four or five years,'' he recalls.
Many of the Symbolists had, in fact, a distinct penchant for turning their scenarios of spiritual torment into the sheerest kitsch.
A bill that would prohibit the wearing of arm bands and the carrying of weapons by anyone but on-duty police officers within 200 feet of a polling place was introduced in the New Jersey Senate today under the sponsorship of several Democratic lawmakers.
Now the defensive attitude is taken by Vietnamese, who are grateful for the first asylum that Japan has granted them but do not want to avail themselves of the Japanese offer of a permanent home.
Eastern's Flight 30, which had originated in Freeport, the Bahamas, had just landed at 10:15 P.M., and was taxiing on Runway 31 when the gear collapsed, according to Irwin Goldstein, the F.A.A.
Participants in Suffolk County's seven other youth employment programs, which are administered by the schools or the Department of Labor, must be either economically disadvantaged or handicapped physically or mentally.
In Detroit last week, Frazier was spiked on the heel by Steve Kemp and his heel is still heavily bandanged.
Darryl Gray's ''La Machine,'' seen here in its world premiere, was a chic exercise in motor mechanics.
Orville Jenkins, the senior pastor, noted that the church followed an admonition of Jesus in the Gospel according to St. Luke: ''When you give a dinner or a banquet, do not invite your friends, your brothers or relatives, or your rich neighbors ... but invite the poor, the maimed, the lame, the blind ...
Rogers also got some breaks.
The prior occupant of the space, Qantas Airways, has relocated.
The charges against Mr. Falco arose from his repeated after-hours entries into a colleague's chamber in November 1980.
But they should first be told what their share will amount to.
Please Touch Demonstrations, Mu- seum of the City of New York, Fifth Avenue at 103d Street.
We are very concerned with continuing the area's economic development.''
Wat Sri Sawai, within the walls slightly south of Wat Mahathat, was a Hindu shrine at its origin but later was modified in the Khmer style.
And while Belize has only 145,000 inhabitants in an area about the size of Massachusetts, Mr. Price has been as important to this country as was Gandhi to India and Kenyatta to Kenya.
In recent seasons, the Giants have evolved into a team that apparently needs discipline.
No longer privileged, he finds confinement a ''liberation.''
Follow the signs from Exit 50 on the Connecticut Turnpike, about 75 miles from New York.
The actors were mostly dresse d in identical blue canvas overalls, and they appeared on stage w ithout makeup.
He lost his job in 1975, before the season ended.
Northwestern is 7-14 and 1-11.
The body was found wrapped in a blanket.
There were some who had said, during the captivity, that it showed we were powerless in a new world and others who had insisted that the problem was not lack of power but a lack of guts in the White House.
So the Reagan team, too, put political debt ahead of prudence.
Undaunted, I went back to the hardware store and bought another wagon load of plants.
It has little to do with the pressures of time or the intricacies of technology.
Subsequent portions present Adriana Caselotti, the voice of Snow White in Disney's ''Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs,'' Woody Herman, Peter Marshall, Toni Tennille, Liberace, Peggy Lee, Leslie Uggams, Trini Lopez, the Lennon Sisters, Thelma Houston and Donna Fargo.
But let's talk about the game instead.
It forwarded allegations against the officer, Steven Reboul, to a new grand jury.
Consequently, the residence is being sold substantially furnished.
Four other departing flights were held up.
The prime rose to 20 percent in April 1980, dropped as low as 10 3/4 percent last July during the recession, but rose again to its record 21 1/2 percent high in December.
One controversy arose from Mr. Haig's Senate testimony yesterday that allied contingency plans in the event of a conventional war in Europe included the possible detonation of a nuclear warhead as a warning to deter the Soviet Union from trying to overrun Western Europe.
Some, such as companies serving Indianapolis, suburban Philadelphia and Hackensack, N.J., are considerably larger than any of the operating companies American Water controls.
It has been argued (by the economist Lester Thurow among others) that our political system is not adapted to an economy without growth.
Opening the cantata will be a ''Trumpet Involuntary,'' so named because of the reluctance in the past of the trumpet player to play his part.
when the poor rich lived in great houses and even greater discomfort.
It said a commission had been set up to negotiate with the Libyans on the withdrawal of their troops elsewhere in the country by the end of the year.
refused to dispatch an inter-American peace force to Nicaragua, even after Washington cited alleged Cuban involvement with the Sandinist guerrillas.
Their tax cut, so called, is the dotted line, ours the solid line.
He's promising a huge number of channels there for very little a month, and by itself that makes no economic sense.
The average price of heating oil used in small homes in New York City is edging up again, although oil-industry leaders report that supplies are plentiful and that nationwide inventories are even being held down.
After Sandra Curry's daughter contracted ringworm, the women could not afford $4 for a special shampoo.
And you can get a sense of lightness in your whole body, as a dancer can,'' he said.
''I've been to most of the cities listed,'' he said.
Joseph Heitz of Heitz Cellars spoke last evening on chardonnay and cabernet sauvignon.
The physical is not given in the gym after a heavy workout.
Before the boats sail back into Portsmouth harbor roughly seven months from now, they and their crews will have been pushed to their uttermost limits to cross more than 27,000 miles of ocean as fast as possible through some of the worst weather in the world.
2 S Pass 4 S 5 C Dbl.
PROCESS By MARCIA CHAMBERS News Analysis When undercover police officers last week descended on a Manhattan discotheque they described as a drug factory, they ordered the disc jockey to announce: ''The party's over.
The further adventures of the Yorkshire vet at home and behind the Iron Curtain.
''There is a change in the social support system for these things,'' he said.
The Agriculture Department says that supplies of wheat and rice will be adequate to feed the people of any country able to afford the higher prices, though some importing countries, like the Soviet Union, who are trying to improve diets, may have to reduce meat production even more this year.
Making nine tricks on a deal that seemed unlikely to produce more than seven gained 10 points for Mrs. Utegaard's team.
Someone suggested Anne Bancroft, someone else Irene Papas.
The existing notification system includes trucks with loudspeakers mounted on them, which would cruise the streets telling people to go indoors and turn on a radio.
He defeated Representative Frank Thompson Jr., Democrat of Trenton, after Mr. Thompson's conviction on bribery and conspiracy charges in the Federal Abscam case.
Saturday NORTH SHORE BEETHOVEN Koichiro Harada, former first violinist of the Tokyo String Quartet, will play viola as guest artist with the Sea Cliff Chamber Players on Saturday in Rosyln Harbor, L.I., in the first of six Beethoven concerts.
''I'd say they were pretty enthused,'' said Whitey Herzog, the Cardinal manager.
A money management guide for individuals.
Remember how Fred and Ginger would saunter out, absolutely in step?
The Occupational Safety and Health Administration today revoked its requirement that employers pay workers for time spent assisting Federal safety and health inspectors.
The last time a state execution was carried out here was in 1954.
Earlier this month the Select Commission on Immigration and Refugee Policy, noting the resulting ''heavy strain'' on many United States embassies and consulates, suggested that the visa requirement be waived altogether for visitors from such countries as Great Britain and Japan, whose citizens rarely abuse the terms of their admission.
''I feel like we just finished spring training, and now we're going to start the season,'' Fitzgerald said, somewhat facetiously, between the round of meetings.
Mr. von Polnitz of Hoechst added that the company was watching the results very closely and would not exclude the purchase of licenses or the outright takeover of a promising small research organization.
The budget did not, however, include a state takeover of the billion dollar local cost of Medicaid, which Governor Carey had made a top priority.
Analysts said that consumer spending is expected to turn stronger during the second half of the year, and that Penney's volume also would be bolstered by further expansion of selling space, although fewer store openings are planned for 1981-82.
We can only hurt our chances of putting reasonable controls on the airport's operation, however, if the restrictions we ask for would not accomplish the end we desire.
A recording of his Concerto for Two Pianos, which he wrote for himself and his daughter, is scheduled for release in the next few months, and he is currently working on a piece for narrator and chamber orchestra based on the mythical story of Cupid and Psyche.
Additional performances will be given at the same location Aug. 6 through 8 and Aug. 12 through 16.
South won with the king in dummy and took a spade finesse.
In 1982, however, America's external position will be a continuing drag on growth and jobs, increasing the prospect that the recession will be with us for some time to come.
The painful turnabout begins for some of them this morning as final ''RIF,'' or reduction-in-force, pink slips arrive from the paymaster.
A few years ago, the Theater Vicinal of Belgium offered endless and fascinating variations on the master-slave motif using actors and a large electrical wire reel, proving that objects can be used with symbolic effectiveness in experimental theater.
But the Bray Company, of which Mr. Lufkin is a general partner, no longer has its 5 percent position in Culbro.
So far only half of the town has been excavated, Mr. Matsushita said.
After all, 90 percent of the wine's composition is from those two varieties.
Maybe they will be as secure about their husbands and their salaries as they were about their fathers and their tuition checks.
Mr. Mitterrand proposes to create 200,000 public-service jobs; Mr. Chirac proposes to stimulate the economy; Mr. Giscard d'Estaing is holding to a modulated version of austerity in hopes that the economy will pick up.
And slowly but surely, the Reagan Administration is moving to accommodate them.
There is no need for a couturier parka or a proper ski suit in the solitude of the forest; many find that long johns under blue jeans, a sweater and light windbreaker will do.
Today, a hugh white urn, filled with flowers in summer and with grasses and evergreen sprigs during the long Polish winter, stands in the bedroom alcove where Frederic Chopin was born.
Recorded yesterday $ 25,737.60 Previously recorded 820,679.31 ----- Total $846,416.91 HOW TO AID THE FUND Checks should be made payable to The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund and sent to P.O.
''The relevant U.S. Government agencies are reviewing their port of entry procedures to insure their personnel are fully aware of the need to treat all persons coureously who arrive in the United States,'' he said.
Cost: $145 for five sessions.
The issue was taken to arbitration, and the school district was granted right of prior approval on all courses to be taken for credit.
There are more purely political imperatives as well.
That would be a first step.
But if macho and hype were missing in the locker room, confidence was conspicuous.
Many American boat owners cut across the lake to Canada, where dockside gasoline, with a 20 percent discount for the American dollar, can run $1.16 a gallon.
John Schneider, Guidry's lawyer, said he had a productive meeting with the Oakland A's today.
Starting time at the Ridgefield High School auditorium tonight is 7, with $3 adult tickets available at the door.
Another study cited by the commission found that 72 percent of the buildings had areas made unuseable because of design errors.
After some hesitation, the answer came: ''No.''
July 4, 1980 - The Fourth of July.
I can't hustle, and I don't believe a composer should have to hustle.
In reality, it often spells tragedy for both owner and animal.
In keeping with the revival of conspicuous consumption in Washington, the First Lady will make several well-publicized shopping trips to Fifth Avenue.
Comments From Soviet Officials Among the kinds of comments diplomats and private visitors report having heard from Soviet officials six or more months ago and report hearing now are these: - On the strategic arms limitation talks, the Russians used to say that a failure of the Reagan Administration to adhere to the unratified SALT II treaty could lead to a breakdown in Soviet-American relations.
Mr. Wormser also wrote ''The Law,'' published by Simon & Schuster in 1949 and reissued in paperback in 1962 as ''The Story of the Law,'' covering the subject from ancient times through the Nuremburg trials.
The company said that the 1980 loss included a write-off of $25.7 million in ''pre-operating expenses and costs associated with discontinued routes,'' a reference to cutbacks in Braniff's routes, which had been greatly expanded after airline deregulation in 1978 in an unsuccesful attempt to gain new business.
Even if I was pitching in a game and we went ahead, I'd be yanked for a pinch-hitter and Neil would come in.
For one vacancy in the Second Judicial District, covering Brooklyn and Staten Island, we rate Louis Sangiorgio, a Democrat with two years' experience in the Civil Court, the outstanding candidate.
President Saddam Hussein of Iraq said today that his country would press for a peaceful solution to the war with Iran as it has repeatedly done since shortly after the conflict began more than a year ago.
The games he didn't go to, he'd be able to see because they're going to put in cable-TV.
Both 32 years old, they met as VISTA volunteers.
Mills' Diversification Moves West Germany long held up its steel industry as a model for the rest of Europe.
Judge Cox dismissed the original suit in favor of the defendants in a series of Federal Court orders in December 1980 and January 1981.
''Just watch him in the Triple Crown,'' said Campo.
''There is a climate of awareness of exports,'' he said.
First in Polls for 6 Months Perhaps most important, the alliance has accomplished what the Liberals alone never accomplished in their heralded breakthroughs in by-elections at Orpington in 1962, Sutton and Cheam in 1972 and the Isle of Ely and Berwick-on-Tweed in 1973.
In the last year, 23 civic organizations, state agencies and parents' groups representing thousands of citizens formed the New Jersey Network for Family-Life Education.
It is commonly and correctly assumed that illegal aliens come here to work.
''Six weeks ago, the children in this class couldn't sit still,'' Mr. Conway said.
He expresses shock when he discovers one boy showering nude (discipline requires that they wear swimming trunks so as not to see their own nakedness).
Man with or against the machine.
The cost of the program is $1,050 a person in double occupancy ($900 for non-cooking companion) plus air fare; a 14-day advance purchase round-trip fare on Olympic Airways from New York is $784.
This description occurs in ''A Scream of Toys,'' which, despite a weak ending, is my favorite story in the collection.
The police authorities say the investigation of the narcotics squad began independent of the pressures of the Christopher case and resulted from checking complaints of persons arrested on narcotics charges.
If he succeeds in reducing inflation, increasing productivity, and persuading Moscow to abandon the use of force in third world countries - an ambitious agenda - he will produce the greatest change in American domestic and foreign policy since the New Deal.
(Open daily till 8; $2 adults, $4 families, Fridays free).
Truesdell's Sugarhouse, Jacksonville Road (State Route 112 North), Colrain, Mass.
The agreement runs for three years, with provisions for renegotiating and extending it to seven years, he said.
If that pitchout was a backward pass or a lateral, then your pass was legal.
Guerrilla warfare directed at preventing the dismantlement of the four-year-old agency had begun more than a week before the formal announcement Dec. 17, however, and before long what appeared to have been a fairly straightforward decision was being denounced by key members of Congress.
He also is the brother of the Black Hawks' Darryl and the Blues' Brian, making him the fourth brother to play an N.H.L.
''If the world is going to move to United States coal as an energy source, it is going to want to understand that it won't be held hostage to the miners,'' warned R.E.
Poor nations might have become disadvantaged, even deserving.
The two-man trucks, which are loaded from the side, are part of a fleet of 1,600 sanitation trucks, 1,350 of which are three-man vehicles that are loaded from the rear.
* Daniels & Associates, Denver, has named John V. Saeman vice chairman and chief executive officer.
Reciprocity failure is not really an inconvenience because photographs in a pinhole camera are usually made one at a time - a sheet of film is exposed and developed immediately so that overexposure or under-exposure problems can be resolved by trial and error.
Since its opening on Oct. 17, 1935, ''Porgy and Bess'' has become an enduring part of American culture, and in fact is considered the pioneering American opera.
''Beautiful as they are, the buildings present a difficulty in getting from one place to another, and they are difficult to heat.
She is vice-president and creative director of a big advertising agency.
Reminder of Volatility The rapid increase in yields for the recent state issues was a good reminder of the volatility of bond prices and yields so long as the uncertain outlook for interest rates makes investors reluctant to buy long-term bonds.
''One cannot be a member of our party and of another that is hostile to it,'' he said.
''I really can't tell you why I do so well here,'' said Anthony, ''except that Long Island has always been good to me.''
Exactly two weeks earlier, the Dow finished at 1,006.56, only to slip below 1,000 in a string of generally moderate, but persistent, declines.
Some rookies are afraid if they make a mistake, the coach will jerk them.
Finishing his task, he quietly studied my husband and me, and then our daughter.
At that time annual billings were put between $2.5 million and $3 million.
But the only really key employee I've got is Bernie.''
But people who might be attracted to good, less-expensive buys apparently lack the cash, and the goods are not moving.
''We are seeing some evidence of the Federal Reserve's restrictive policy,'' declared Bernard Schoenfeld, a vice president of the Irving Trust Company, in reference to the Fed's monetary actions.
On the morning that he was to testify, state officials discovered that he had left the city without notice and with no instructions regarding where he could be reached.
''That is, the psychological disadvantage at which women live in our culture.
In an interview before his testimony, an obviously angry and hostile Mr. Morris denounced the hearings, now in their second and last day, as ''a witch hunt'' and an accusation ''by innuendo that Hollywood is a cocaine-influenced industry, the equivalent of my saying, 'Every Congressman is guilty of Abscam.'
They may account for the latest infestations.
Dr. DeHaven said the damage should be minor enough to allow a further evaluation in 10 days to two weeks, Until then, General Manager Bob MacKinnon said, contract talks with King will be on hold.
The telephone number is 883-8700.
But it is, unmistakably, an apartment.
She is seeking re-election Tuesday and one of her opponents is Jospeh Guarino, a Republican who is now town attorney.
Officials are not certain, however, whether that decline is a result of fear of deregulation, the cost of conversion or the fact that conversions have reached a saturation point.
It begins with an ordinary door, painted light green by the artist, who also removed its large center panel and replaced it with screen wire.
Maintaining a low fare has been hallowed as political wisdom since World War I.
One film magnate flew his favorite caterer over from New York on the Concorde for a party last Saturday at the Hotel du Cap in Antibes.
The campaigns for Governor and seats in the Legislature in New Jersey will cost about $8 million this fall, and the number and variety of television commercials that will be aired over New York and Philadelphia stations will dwarf even those broadcast during this year's state party primaries for Governor.
The move coincided with the decline of boxing in New York.
The earlier manned spaceships provided a mixture that depended much more heavily on oxygen.
He said that both homes were subsidized by Medicare and Medicaid funds.
The runoff election is scheduled for Oct. 27.
My agent chose roast beef and Yorkshire pudding, which was the specialty that night and was wheeled around on a trolley for our inspection.
''The majority of men buying flowers for their sweethearts on Valentine's Day tend to choose roses,'' Mrs. Berson said.
There he turned out screenplays at a feverish rate.
It finally became possible because Hideharu Tamaru, Dentsu's president, reportedly convinced his board to be more forceful about overseas expansion.
Now retired, he has opened a downtown office and continues to speak privately with many of the groups.
''The ball took off when it hit.
Finally, is it right to answer past discrimination with present discrimination, wrong with wrong?
Measured in constant, inflation-adjusted dollars, there has been no real increase since 1976.
It was the third month in a row that the forecasting index declined.
One of the components in Miss Phillips's Katonah piece momentarily evokes memories of Duchamp's ''Large Glass,'' since it comprises a swatch of copper mesh trapped between two pieces of Plexiglas.
Extension of water rationing (Begun Feb. 2): Extended rationing to 78 towns in central Jersey and in northern counties served by wells.
After the Defense Secretary had made his case and left California, the White House stepped up the public pressure.
In a real sense, Mobil's critics are picking on an American institution.
This biography began not with Mr. Goldman but with a man named Kevin Eggers, a record producer.
Costa Rica ''servilely supports the worst anti-Cuban maneuvers,'' the letter reportedly said.
Ironically, the Heights itself was carved out of northernmost Wyandanch and given its own identity and post office, so that homeowners would not have to face the even more traumatic stigma of being equated with what is probably the Island's closest thing to a genuine black ghetto.
A university dean was shot to death recently in the northeastern Indian city of Shillong.
You know the kind you use for orange juice in the morning?
If, for example, you were trying to reach a psychiatrist through a journal ad, wouldn't it help you to know that psychiatrists like ambiguous ads as far as the graphics go?
''We were more interested,'' Mrs. Gilligan said, ''in a historical perspective rather than in thrashing the institution.
Jody Powell, Mr. Carter's White House press secretary, said, ''If the folks at the Democratic committee are putting out that kind of stuff, it's a somewhat disturbing indication of why we have problems in this party.''
Thesis Four, which may well be correct, is that radical welfare reform is out and that it belongs to ideologues.
A critical mind is constantly asking questions, probing, reading, comparing, trying to work out a rationale.
The Iraqi command said tonight that its forces in Khuzistan had killed about 700 Iranians and destroyed about 40 Iranian tanks.
All told, there are to be 24 on board the satellite, each roughly the size of a cigarette carton.
Younger or less renowned artists' works are cheaper - $200 for an Adami, $400 for a Tapies.
Fans are as boisterous and as rude as the best Yankee rooter, which can make for a memorable occasion; tennis - the Argentines Guillermo Vilas and Jose Luis Clerc are top-ranked players - and polo are quieter spectator events.
The Federal Communications Commission voted today to halt the acceptance of any more applications for lowpower television stations.
In another Middle East matter, a special Presidential envoy, Philip C. Habib, left Washington on his mission to try and reduce tensions over Lebanon.
And Administration officials, who came to urge corporate America to hasten investment, found many executives not yet ready to commit large amounts of money for capital spending, despite the largest tax cut in history, which was intended to encourage new investment.
But they can only do so much.
The offensive bulletins continued twice daily to the end of the trip.
He then left again for CBS News, but his Eric Sevareid-type commentaries on the evening news have appeared only sporadically, prompting rumors of his renewed unease.
To encourage such participation, Washington has offered to supply about half of the contemplated 2,000- to 4,000-man group, on the assumption that it would be difficult to find a satisfactory peacekeeping force without American participation.
LTV offered last month to purchase 70 percent of Grumman's stock at $45 a share.
According to the West German Economic News Agency, Sheik Yamani told a news conference at the Bonn airport that the Saudis would ask for a price freeze to help beleaguered consumer nations.
A decision in favor of a trade-in would be the single most significant step that could be taken to reverse the terrible decline in New York City's transit service.
Syria is becoming increasingly receptive to the idea of broadening the composition of its peacekeeping forces in Lebanon to include troops from Saudi Arabia and other Arab countries, Western and Arab diplomats said here today.
''Even if he loses now, let's do something nice for him,'' his mother said.
She was 100 years old.
Parts of the old Crusader section of the castle are still in evidence.
The official said that Mr. Trudeau told the President that it was a problem that would have to be addressed.
The Dutch Government last week endorsed President Reagan's ''zero option'' proposal for cancellation of the NATO plan in return for dismantling of Soviet SS-20s and older middle-range missiles.
DESPITE pressure from the White House, the Egyptian Government and the United Technologies Corporation, Connecticut's Congressional delegation held out to the last against the sale of Awacs surveillance planes to Saudi Arabia.
Even pinch-penny economy can be expensive, as many would-be buyers are finding out, and the latest proof comes in the form of two new diesels, the Chevrolet Chevette and the Volkswagen Jetta.
Window tables, much in demand, have a view of a small lake, in the middle of which are stranded some illuminated baroque fountains and statuary, like the grounds of an Italian villa after a flood.
The Agriculture Department predicted cotton production of 15.5 million bales.
In an average month, 3,000 veterans may be buried in veterans' cemeteries and thousands of other veterans, their dependents, spouses and survivors will qualify for other services.
He said the contacts would probably be at the ambassadorial level.
Antitrust law, as far as many businessmen are concerned, remains in a state of confusion between the ''tilt'' of the Supreme Court under former Chief Justice Earl Warren against mergers whose effect ''may be'' to lessen competition ''substantially'' and the pro-merger tilt of the Burger Court.
PICK UP WESTERN DIVISION WESTERN DIVISION Los Angeles Dodgers After 159 games, they stood three games behind the Houston Astros with three to play.
He helped found ASCAP (American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers) and to establish the copyright law.
Since the 1960's the high court had rejected Federal standards on determining deliberate segregation and had set its own guidelines.
Many state legislators are worried about the effects of the Reagan Administration's budget cuts.
Their resolution may breed uncertainty and fear.
Paul Wysocki, pastor of Sacred Heart.
But Miss Calderini made the most of what she was given to do, using her expressive body to sketch in the understated elements of character.
Among Mr. Horan's books were ''Matthew Brady: Historian With a Camera,'' published in 1955, which unearthed Civil War photographs, and a trilogy on ''The Authentic Wild West'' (1977), which a reviewer called the ''best Wild West set in print.''
For Moscow, it would have the advantages bo th of eliminating the United States tactical weapons now deployed i n West Germany and of obviating any further deployments of American nuclear weapons there.
''I wish this could be part of our job description as judges.''
Cycling Tour de France Bernard Hinault, France.
For instance, Hartford Hospital and Trinity College are planning to provide mortgages approximately 3 percentage points lower than the market rate, so long as the home is within its targeted area.
The salad requires about half an hour to cook and blend, the squid in anchovy sauce about 10 minutes less.
Yet, startling as this clash is visually, it is not without considerable deftness.
For the unbelievably low price of only 12 yuan ($6.75), Wang Jinzhen said solemnly, he would swallow his anguish and sell his prized black-feathered pigeon.
devotees have had trouble deciding how and where to build a Roosevelt monument.
As for range, this woofer reaches down to 50 Hz at the low end, which is quite respectable for a speaker this size.
Tracing a Year's Movements The authorities here are eager to trace Mr. Agca's movements not only in the 24 hours before he went to St. Peter's Square last Wednesday but also his itinerary in the preceding 12 months.
The dancers were Candice Christakos, Natasha Simon, Kent Baker and Robert Small.
But there were several other confrontations, private ones.
At Sotheby's, Mr. Rosen cited two Picasso works that showed dramatic increases, attributing them in part to last year's Picasso exhibition at the Museum of Modern Art.
Young people may never have heard of the company or considered the ever-growing security industry, in which Pinkerton competes mainly with Burns International Security Services and the Wackenhut Corporation.
''We've got a bill here that might sell,'' Senator Richard Lugar, Republican of Indiana, said as the nine-member Republican majority on the committee forced through a compromise that included a major reduction in milk price supports.
In order to grasp the impact of government and industry on Martin County over the past two decades, it is helpful to understand the way things used to be.
Before Nettles saw what he wanted, though, the Yankees had struggled through three and a half hours against their longtime antagonists.
But faced with a difficult vaginal birth and the potential for litigation 18 years after the fact, it would take a doctor of iron will not to have malpractice in the back of his mind.''
The show is directed by Elaine Sulka and is recommended for older children.
Last June, he appeared before the Senate Select Committee on the Aging to comment on President Reagan's proposals to limit Social Security.
Pass 3 C Pass 3 H Pass 6 N.T.
Lendl's difficulties were almost solely confined to the left court, where there was less room for him to uncoil his long arms for the forehand shot.
Elroy Hill returned a punt 90-yards for a touchdown on Poly's first possession and scored again in the third period on a 9-yard pass from Andy Stackpole.
Board Member Questions Decision But the water district's governing board wishes the residents had not had faith.
All of Mr. Lichtenstein's paintings have a vivid, graphic, post erlike power, and some of them positively assault the eye with thei r broad visual effects.
Mr. Fain said that he now favors joint custody in cases where ''parents can communicate, compromise and cooperate on the fundamental issues relating to the children.''
All over Paris, restaurants remained open through the night, many placing their chairs and tables in the streets so diners could join in the singing and dancing.
The subscriber has likewise two receivers, one of them connected to the left ground of transmitters, the other to the right one...
Almost every year in the past, he pointed out, a special assessment has been necessary, but now the condominium is shifting to a program of raising charges to a level where they can start to set aside $15,000 annually in reserves instead.
The answer is that Mr. Samuels is now resisting the idea of resignation, annoyed at what he considers unfair treatment in the press and angry at his enemies at the City Ballet and in the Lincoln Center executive offices.
AS expected, major league baseball has decided to go bush and adopt the Shaughnessy playoff system, which has been a fixture in the minors for years and years.
For men, a gonad shield affords adequate protection.
Robert Pirsig's ''Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance'' blazed across the literary sky, albeit eccentrically, like a comet that might not return for a hundred years.
However, bicycle riders are not always pleasant souls with whom to share the streets, the sidewalks and the parks.
''I've lived with this thing for 30 years,'' he said the other day, ''and, really, I think it's about time it died.''
9THE OFFICIAL I HATE CATS BOOK, by Skip Morrow.
These carbohydrates are responsible for the most unpleasant side effect of eating whole soybeans - flatulence.
John Mitchell, the former Attorney General, lunches at Joe & Mo's restaurant, while the brass from CBS News dine at few blocks away at Le Proven,cal.
They said the bout would probably be in mid-June at any one of a number of sites, most likely Detroit.
There is nothing to insure that the Government and the union will not fall out again over some other issue.
Sailing began with a casual invitation from a friend.
Until Taylor is ready, Harper is the Jets' only healthy halfback.
Mr. Florio was expected to make a formal call for a recount on Saturday, according to his press secretary.
It would be grossly unfair to reveal the rest of what transpires in ''The Love Hunter.''
Mr. Kovacavich started his career at General Mills Inc. in 1967 and five years later, with some of his colleagues, acquired the American Photograph Corporation, where he became executive vice president and general manager.
Four of them said it would be necessary to prove not only that the electoral arrangements excluded blacks from office, but also that the requirements were deliberately designed with that purpose in mind.
That was the final exhibition game, a 14-3 drubbing of the Eagles, who are 3-0 in the regular season.
Eddie Murray kicked three field goals, one of 36 yards and two of 39 yards each.
This kind of effort has in turn prompted concern among the more affluent residents of the area.
These are very delicate questions that must be examined in appraising the deal.
The city would like to have the property produce taxes, even though there is the possibility that some development plans might call for tax rebates to the builders.
''It requires choreography,'' Mr. Jefferds said.
Then he holed out a chip shot of 65 feet.
Both he and Mr. Purcell are Irish Catholic.
QUESTION: Who were the first male and female winners of the New York City Marathon?
The couple are account executives with the public relations firm of Hill & Knowlton Inc. in Chicago.
The series opens with ''Edge of Survival.''
During the last three years, Mr. Waldheim has indeed frequently ''deplored'' or ''regretted'' terrorist attacks on Israelis.
A certain stage in the development of Polish socialism has come to an end.
The Miller account is not just any big billing account.
''This,'' Mr. Byrne said, ''is the first time the casino industry has been offered a package like this.''
Mr. Packard, who later bought out his partner, was an early leader in the retailing of merchandise at discount prices, or prices below those fixed by manufacturers or wholesalers of name-brand goods.
People who favored decentralized control of New York City's schools used to argue that community school boards would respond more sympathetically to the needs of poorer children than a central bureaucracy.
Like many American downtowns, this one seems to consist of parking lots as much as buildings.
It will be the largest project to be developed on Fifth Avenue south of 42d Street since the Empire State Building was built a half-century ago.
''Losing somebody, while always considered a major stress, was still considered a part of everyday life,'' Mrs. Hofstein said.
This professional approach to steep skiing is definitely European.
To qualify, they must collect the signatures of 346,119 registered voters before April 23.
The New Jersey Bar Association has set the stage for a possible vote next month on a resolution asking Governor Byrne to appoint a qualified woman to the State Supreme Court.
The sell side can also be profitable, especially the variation sometimes called the spraddle.
Polly Franchine, daughter of Mrs. William Larson of Baltimore and the late Charles Franchine, was married in Washington yesterday to George Stuart Sexton 3d, son of Mr. Sexton Jr. of Annandale, Va., and the late Elizabeth Sexton.
''I really think that the marketplace and the industry itself are better qualified to distribute these products than any agency that we could set up.''
The ''deacidification'' process is often expensive and time-consuming, but the technology is constantly changing and the process shows signs of becoming less expensive and faster.
I'm enclosing two efforts for your consideration.''
''We can't associate ourselves with Washington on an economic program if we are working at cross purposes politically,'' a Mexican official said.
There are two minutes left in the game, and the Giants have third down and 1 yard to go for a first down, on their 39-yard line.
Officials of 35 nations, including the Soviet Union and most of its Warsaw Pact allies, signed the treaty, which was worked out over a two-year period in Geneva.
There will also be bat-attired aerialists and, at 2 P.M., a children's procession led by giant puppets and ending at a storytelling session by the King of Darkness.
His Government was installed in Phnom Penh by Vietnamese troops, who continue to battle the Cambodian foes of Mr. Heng Samrin.
The teams played without emotion or verve and there was pointing at Anderson, charging lack of leadership.
The conservatism of the Moral Majority and other rightist groups that call for a return to traditional definitions of family, work and self is thus not at the heart of the new American mood.
Perhaps when middle-income liberals realize that, they will withdraw from their suicide pact with the neo-conservatives and vote for a no-growth economy and a growth humanism.
Mrs. Sims was the fourth chief executive of a Fairfield County town to decline to run again in Connecticut's municipal elections next fall.
RCA Is Encouraged RCA, however, says the results so far are encouraging.
That's what we think this tax cut will do when supported by the deregulation efforts, by the effort to squeeze inflation out of the economy, by slowing the growth of money and by bringing the deficit to a close as early as possible.
The intelligence agency has denied any involvement in Mr. Wilson's affairs.
(It now lasts from 11 P.M. till 5 A.M.) These measures do not include Elblag, Katowice, Lublin, Szczecin and Wroclaw Provinces, where subversive elements from Solidarity; KOR, the social self-defense committee, and confederates continue to oppose the consistent implementation of the orders stemming from the martial law.
Then at night the city's hockey team cut up the ice of Madison Square Garden in pursuit of the mighty Montreal Canadiens.
Supporters of Canon 35 claimed that the Supreme Court had, thereby, banned the televising of trials.
The missions are open daily from 10 to 6; a tour ticket is $1 and individual admission is 50 cents a person.
To the Editor: John A. Davenport's letter of Aug. 18 is a timely call for a Reagan labor doctrine - indeed, for a full re-examination of our national labor policy.
Analysts also noted that other depressants for the market's early weakness yesterday were the sharp drop in stock prices on foreign exchanges, especially in London and Tokyo, and a big rise in margin calls going out from brokerage firms to many of their customers who had bo ught st ock on credit.
Mr. Devens's previous marriage, to the former Lucy Aldrich, now Mrs. Francis H. Burr, ended in divorce.
It should be emphasized that when Mr. Reagan speaks of cutting the size of Government, he only means that he wants to lower its growth rate compared with that inherent in current law.
The sales are bound to be viewed as a barometer of the international jewelry market after a softening in sales of gems earlier this year.
A full-page ad from J. Walter Thompson U.S.A. faced this column yesterday, and in the memory of Thompson people it was a new ploy for the agency.
Weary of constraints on their power and assaults on their motives, Americans yearned for once to be innocent victims - and took themselves captive.
Of those, eight had received a term of less than a year, and 19 had been placed on probation.
The Government alleged that the acquisition substantially lessened competition in the manufacture and sale of laser-based machine control systems used to guide earth-moving machinery.
''I want to return to society as a more productive man some day.
New York City imposed its ban on shipments through the city in 1976.
These forms, despite their resemblance to layers of crackers, have a rigid, architectural quality that suggest fascist architecture.
''I never act in the movies,'' he once remarked.
We refused to live like that.''
They fail to mention that this sector excluded from its taxable income some $56 billion in net interest payments, most of which is a phantom expense.
B-Including $560,000 gain from the termination of a lease
8-room, 2-bath frame contemporary $100,000 Built 1970; 2.4 acres, pond; taxes $2,667 Scarsdale Uxbridge Rd.
A G-III would fit inside a Boeing 727.
''A 14-year-old kid who shot a 10-year-old girl,'' he answered grimly.
The guerrillas are thought to number roughly 3,500 full-time fighters and several thousand more who drift in and out.
(Once you've seen it, you've seen it.)
The property and mansion belong to the National Trust for Historic Preservation.
But in her self-deprecating manner, she contends that she was fortunate to be at her best in the years after Mickey Wright retired and before the other current older golfers, Mrs. Carner and the Misses Blalock and Caponi, arrived.
This is a superb urban courtyard - the landscape by the architects Zion & Breen's design will include sycamore trees and a fountain, and there are relaxing and intimate views of one of the city's most gracious town-house blocks.
More than physical distance separates the Riverside Dance Festival, located way uptown at the Riverside Church, from DTW and the Kitchen: the 250-seat auditorium, the types of groups chosen to perform there, the selection process, the panel that makes those selections, and the audience -all are far more traditional at Riverside than in the downtown venues.
''The statement may read as if it is the commission's thought, but we had freely offered those conditions ourselves,'' Mr. Percival said.
Echlin manufactures automotive, electrical, brake and fuel systems for the replacement market.
These will be published later this year, possibly even before his court-martial.
Certainly the process of peace is not forwarded.
''As far as we are concerned, the drought is not over until we can be assured that we are not experiencing a rainfall shortage as in the drought of the 1960's,'' said Francis McArdle, New York City's environmental protection commissioner.
Meanwhile, Todd could not benefit by having his fast wide receivers, Wesley Walker and Johnny (Lam) Jones, in the game at the same time.
''For my first show in the 60's,'' said Miss Kim, ''I had to create 50 costumes with a budget of $250.
At the bottom of the letter is a handwritten note to ''Tom,'' initialed by J. Robert Dolan, Mr. DelBello's Executive Officer.
And the President has been very straightforward about what he's up to; no one should be surprised.
But Mr. Hatcher, one of the nation's leading black politicians and vice chairman of the Democratic National Committee, has not been asked.
In the White House meetings, blacks such as Mr. Fletcher, an Assistant Secretary of Labor in the Nixon Administration, told Mr. Reagan that this would dilute the act to the point of meaninglessness.
Questioning of 100 prospective jurors began in the courtroom of Federal District Judge Consuelo B. Marshall.
Boston in particular has been a leader in enticing the public into its galleries during the evenings, when such facilities can be even more appropriate.
Active efforts are in progress to make available in the county additional lifesaving units for neonatal intensive care and high-risk pregnancies.
It was that way when their Italian grandparents settled in the neighborhood and it is that way now, though much of the area near Belmont belongs to drug dealers, thieves and muggers.
I assume that in due course we will receive a request on behalf of the Committee after the 97th Congress convenes.
Yet the extremists are in a sense already at war with Mr. Arafat and his colleagues in Fatah, the centrist a nd largest P.L.O.
Yr-ago results have been restated to reflect an accounting change
The committee adopted some of those amendments today but did not adopt others, in particular an amendment that would have removed peacetime espionage from the class of crimes punishable by death.
---- Cuba Rejects Refugees' Return WASHINGTON, Jan. 16 (UPI) -United States officials have failed in an effort to persuade Cuba to accept the return of 2,000 criminals and other refugees deemed undesirables before President Carter leaves office, State Department officials said tonight.
IN Glen Cove, an area with perhaps the highest concentration of better restaurants in Nassau County, Restaurant Zanghi is in a class by itself.
But we can't do that any more.
The establishments are: VIOLATIONS Peppers Szechuan, 2536 Broadway Snack Bob, 34 Union Sq.
By a voice vote with a small minority dissenting, the association's policy-setting House of Delegates urged the creation of a Clients' Security Fund, to be financed through a mandatory yearly fee to be paid by all lawyers to practice in the state.
''I had 2,000 pages of wiretap conversations, almost 600 pages of F.B.I.
The trustees, all Grumman officials, said through Mr. Bierwirth that they considered the LTV offer ''inadequate'' and felt it was not in the best interests of the Grumman employees who have invested in the plan.
''They like what they see.
The Administration's 10-part immigration package responds to two pressing problems: refugees from Haiti in the Southeast and jobseekers from Mexico in the Southwest.
We have a task force under Secretary of Transportation Drew Lewis.
Burt Reynolds is sitting in the big red mobile home he uses on location.
The clubs are really the place right now for that kind of music.
A Presidential panel studing how compensation might be paid to the Americans who were held hostage in Iran is concerned that the eventual awards not seem as outsized as the national outpouring that greeted their homecoming.
Anyway, the restaurant is only two months old, and it may be that additional staff will be taken on.
For example, Agfa-Gevaert is marketing a film called Rapilux that uses a relatively cheap and nontoxic metal, bismuth, in the metal layer.
The Cabinet has been expanded mostly by dividing up the powerful Economics Ministry.
She estimated that company representatives visited between a million and 1.5 million families around the country a year, about 10,000 of them in Westchester, where the company has been for 49 of its 53 years.
Power from the $76 million facility, expected to be in operation by late 1983, will cost 20 percent less than energy from a comparable coal-fired plant.
''She usually slept there through the week and chose that day to go home.''
He suggested that if members of Congress were automatically made convention delegates, they would become more active party members, would help the party's Presidential candidate and would vote the party line more often on Capitol Hill.
Trade Ministry officials assert it has 450,000 readers.
The party's leader, Yosef Burg, a Minister since 1951 in Labor and Likud Governments, is now Minister of the Interior, Police and Religious Affairs.
Witness the trionic briefcase, which sniffs out bombs and electronic bugs, hides a built-in lie detector and tape recorder, can temporarily blind an attacker with a beam of light, reveals its whereabouts through an electronic transmitter, and can shield its owner against a shot from a .357 magnum.
Banker Barker, winner of the second elimination division, broke stride in the final but finished second over all and earned $135,217.
He was graduated from Villanova University.
The National Trusts was founded in 1895 to make sure that the heritage of natural features and historical buildings in the United Kingdom would be preserved.
He attended New York's public schools and studied at the City College of New York at night.
''So much of the feeling of depression among the elderly can be traced to the feeling of 'I can't grow' or 'I can't be creative,' '' he said.
Construction costs came to about $35 a square foot.
Smiling slightly, Miss Dohrn replied: ''You and I have different views of America.''
General McEnery is head of the Inter-American Defense Council of the Organization of American States.
The experienced ones got the jobs, Robert said.
Last year, exports fell to 190 million pairs, or $868 million.
But when I got on court and saw how we played, I got scared because he was very good.''
National Semiconductor Corporation said earnings dropped 41.1 percent in its third fiscal quarter.
''We have the original scenario, so we know that most of it deals with the Marquis de Sade and The Terror in Paris.
8THE SPIKE, by Arnaud de Borchgrave and Robert Moss.
The man had two wives and a servant who, she said, catered to his every whim.
In another recipe, she adds sour cream and caraway seeds, both common flavoring in northern Europe, to pureed eggplant, a vegetable rarely used in that part of the world.
''DAMN YANKEES,'' at Jones Beach, is what it is; so is its star, Joe Namath.
But Peking, which supplies arms to Mr. Pol Pot's insurgent forces, is strongly opposed.
''I will sign soon,'' Jennings said in Honolulu, where he was playing in the Pro Bowl game.
''Todd, he was born the night after I won the feature at Butler Speedway,'' the father said.
The Clean Air Act needs remodeling, but by sympathetic and judicious hands.
To the Editor: April 14, 1981, 1:21 P.M.
Begin said, referring to Yitzhak Rabin, the former Prime Minister.
Near the Porte de Laon (the most easily penetrated and therefore the most heavily fortified of t he town's entrances) we found t he Hotel Belle Vue.
Not many years ago intrepid oenophiles with foresight were buying fine red Bordeaux from excellent vintages for $3 and $4 a bottle and laying them down in cellars to gather value and maturity.
plan must pay ordinary income taxes on the entire amount withdrawn, even if the holder chooses to take the money in a lump sum.
Neither team found clues if one area where the public's attitude might be measured: season tickets.
As the spatzle cooks, melt one tablespoon of the butter in a small skillet and add the mushrooms.
The Carter Administration had already proposed to increase defense expenditures from $159 billion this year to $187 billion in 1982 and to $290 billion in 1985.
Cheung's Chinese Restaurant, 24-14 34th Ave., Queens.
I can't say the players are rght.
A document almost a century and a half old has been acquired by the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints that raises questions about the succession of church leadership after the death of Joseph Smith Jr., the Mormon prophet, in June 1844.
It is easy to comprehend President Reagan's wishful ideological confusion of the budget with the inflation problem.
''To see these two players -as Gandhi and Kasturba - move from their middle 20's to their 70's is staggering.
As Mr. Gillette recalled, he was put in a room in the Mushroom 8 feet by 12 feet with 16 others, and was restricted to one corner.
Lou is now reduced to running numbers in the ghetto and living in a soon-to-be-torn-down apartment house just off the Boardwalk.
There is an 18-hole golf course at Sandy Lane, and such spectator sports as cricket, polo, auto and horse races and horse shows.
WINNIPEG (NHL) - Rick Dudley, w ing, retired because of knee injuries.
Mr. Holden was separated in 1963 from his wife, with whom he had two sons, Peter and Scott; they were later divorced.
There is hardly an aspect of the musical arts in this country that he has not helped oversee.
I would say that the one may be substituted for the other in most cases.
Item: A good share of the Washington establishment, including half the Cabinet, other top Administration officials and several dozen ambassadorial and Congressional couples, turned out tonight to help Nancy Moore Thurmond celebrate her 35th birthday at a surprise party at the home of Douglas and Mary Jo Campbell.
These even include a constituent's gift of an arcane Tennessee delicacy called ''hot pepper jelly,'' the fiery eating of which the Senator makes sound like the construction of a tax bill compromise.
But at 3:48 P.M., 14 hours later, the little fawn-colored Escort started up, soon to be on its way to Hackensack.
No final decision was reached at the meeting, but officials said they hoped something could be worked out before public schools open.
Peggy Mondo Michele Trent .
Another useful piece with esthetic presence is a dramatic soup tureen -black outside and white within - by Chris Gustin.
All Aristotle could conclude, therefore, is that the fetus, in its advanced state, at least held the potential of human life.
The cross steps of the first solo move into jumps by the second.
Yet the spirit of Petipa's classicism was always there in her dancing.
In one of the two other cases, said Dr. Steve Sowinski, a resident in medicine, Patricio Ruiz, a 74-year-old cancer victim, died March 6 after going into respiratory arrest on Jan. 24.
There were calls for a meeting of Arab League foreign and defense ministers in Tunis later in the week.
The guard fell on the center.
But I was a student of the 50's.
Nor is it the definitive survey of its subject.
has previously put up for bid smaller packages of service, but not more than 200 or 300 circuits, officials said.
''A lot of guys have the ability but don't love the game,'' he said.
About 3,000 fans filled the stands and lined the playing field for about three and a half bone-chilling hours.
About 45 judges were working when the explosion occurred, with perhaps a dozen conducting trials.
After her graduation from Bryn Mawr College, Miss Wright edited and prepared for publication ''Islandia,'' a Utopian novel about an imaginary country written by her father, the late Austin Tappen Wright, who was a professor of law at the University of California at Berkeley and the University of Pennsylvania.
''We've lost the subways and most of the parks and we just can't afford to lose our libraries,'' said Thomas E. Slade, the assistant police commissioner for legal affairs.
They indicated that the party's troubles with defections and internal strife were not over and suggested that Labor is by no means assured of a victory in the next general election, which must be held before May 1984.
When it comes to continuity, the Planting Fields Arboretum has the longest-running Fall Flower Show and Plant Sale around.
Economics is the second aspect of the city's resurgence.
That conclusion might easily be drawn from the dozens of letters sent by readers in response to a recent column describing outlandish recipes culled from food packages, magazines, fund-raising cookbooks and advertisements.
The 1980 net loss included a reserve of $9.4 million provided in the second quarter to cover the costs of employee severance and early retirement program.
Called 'Tragic and Ironic' ''It's tragic and ironic,'' said Hamilton Marston, one of the opponents, ''that what started out as an effort to move the hospital out of the park has ended with the further invasion of it.''
Cuts Prices On Office Systems The International Business Machines Corporation, which until three years ago seldom cut prices, said that its general systems division was offering volume-purchase discounts of 6 to 15 percent on major components of its 5520 distributed data system and its 5280 administrative system.
Her second choice is sable.
According to Agriculture Department studies, for example, more than one-third of the $3.1 billion lent under the economic emergency program in 1979 went to farmers with more than $500,000 in assets.
There are discussions with the director after each Thursday performance.
First Show in Las Vegas ''This year, we worked in Las Vegas for the first time,'' Mr. Lovett said, ''and people from Kalamazoo, Peoria, places like that, all kinds of people came to see us.
Under the present system, a single powerful transmitter services a city area.
No wonder their palaces conceal much that seems primitive, even criminal, to us.
Several thousand women had gathered outside the courthouse during the trial with banners and placards protesting the lenient treatment handed out by Brazilian courts to men who kill wives or female companions they suspect of infidelity.
It criticized ''Federal Reserve chairman Paul Volcker and his high-interest rate mayhem.''
We'll likely need it later in the year.''
He was a past president of the American School Health Association and the College Physical Education Association.
''I figured the pace would be fast, so he could've placed him anywhere on the track, and it would have been fine.''
Alice Frell, the public land director for the Rocky Mountain Oil and Gas Association, said the energy industry believed there was ''significant evidence the geologic structures underlying parts of the Washakie are favorable to oil and gas production.''
After becoming a campus craze, the Kingsmen changed their name to Sha Na Na, which comes from the chanted syllables of a chorus of the 1958 hit, ''Get a Job,'' by the Silhouettes.
We can envision him conquering kingdoms as well as winning Desdemonas, and when he begins his pursuit of that incriminating handkerchief, the search soon becomes an obsession.
Like most upholstery manufacturers, Mastercraft tests for flammability by placing a lighted cigarette on the material and measuring the time it takes to go out, and fabric is rubbed mechanically 15,000 times to evaluate its durability.
From Athletic Family Scott Brunner (pronounced brooner) is 24 years old, the eldest of an athletic family of five boys and two girls.
Why can't you have a real conversation with a woman in a bar?''
Neither sun nor snow is the dominant feature of our climate; mostly it tends to be cloudy, with chance of showers.
He was among a series of experts who spoke, including Louis Harris the pollster, and Peter Hart, the political consultant.
It was modeled on old gypsy caravans, except that the originals did not have rubber tires, were beautifully decorated and burned turf (peat) for heat.
Would they summon the police?
It's a tribute to him.
Mrs. Ducas, wife of John J. Ducas, an independent management consultant, served in the early 1950's as associate editor of Living for Young Homemakers magazine.
Nearly all of those who applied for tax-exempt status received it from the Town Assessor.
The consensus of United States analysts and those of intelligence services in other countries is that Col. Muammar el-Qaddafi, the Libyan leader, would grant the Soviet Union the use of bases in an East-West military confrontation.
As a matter of fact, Mubarak's position today, because of the total support, as President Carter said, in the Parliament, among all leaders, and I happen to believe he has that kind of support at the grass-roots level, Mubarak has a head start.
Add the wine and the two 2-inch lengths of vanilla bean.
It will include a talk on the performance of 200 solar homes in the New England area and a discussion on design failures that have led to overheating in the summer, construction materials that have been found not to have lasted when exposed to extreme sunlight and the wider use of solar hot water systems.
''It is a product of small, anonymous, incremental decisions taken over the years by planning commissions, school boards and the like'' on matters schools and the drawing of school district lines, he said.
''A kangaroo is a cheerful, chubby fellow,'' said Mr. Simmonds, who has the shape and disposition to know.
The Islanders opened a two-goal margin in the second period when Wayne Merrick scored on a 2-on-1 break and Kallur put a backhander past Garrett.
Despite his unhappiness about the high level of interest rates, Mr. Whisenant said he still supported the President.
* The settlement purports to vacate all existing court orders and proceedings against Iran and to preclude future litigation on existing claims in American courts.
Less hardy are the blunt-edged Chinese holly (Ilex cornuta) and those with English holly parentage (I. aquifolium).
The new design had an unconventional origin - a contest sponsored by the Sanitation Department that city officials did not expect to end up as much more than a publicity gimmick.
''We're not going to do Bruckner or Mahler,'' he says.
Casually undertaken rezonings by the officials of small rural towns can thus have consequences that affect our national well-being.
The house Taplinger shared with Felice is on a street that has been condemned to make way for the construction of a highway.
NYACK - Works by Harold Friedell, William Byrd, Hal Hopson, with handbells and choir 10 A.M. today, Grace Episcopal Church.
''When Fordham Road was straightened out, it cut right through his property, which he probably sold with the stipulation that this plaque be put up.''
Mr. Reich explained that there was no baseball on television.
The Administration program had called for a $42.5 million cut.
It came a day after Mr. Weinberger presented a detailed intelligence report on Soviet troop disposition to the ministers.
The Redskins wasted little time, scoring on their first possession.
He was particularly involved in the treatment of people paralyzed by injuries to the spinal cord.
A mentor's influence may be felt more subtly on the creative as opposed to the business side of a corporation, but it is no less significant, according to Nan Talese of Simon & Schuster.
Lack of water in late summer causes tree and shrub stress, which results in increased winter injury later.
Riverdale (4-3) was leading Hastings by 34-12, but the home team rallied for four touchdowns in the second half for a 40-34 victory over the Bronx team.
Next Opponent Uncertain In the four-of-seven quarterfinals, which begin Thursday, the Rangers will face the St. Louis Blues, the Philadelphia Flyers or the Calgary Flames, depending on the results of the preliminary series between the Blues and Pittsburgh Penguins, and the Flyers and the Quebec Nordiques.
Some of the guerrillas stayed behind when the war ended, according to whites here, and have joined gangs that are preying on Zambia's 280 white farmers.
Still, Hammer, and his public affairs staff, have found his access to the Reagan Administration progressively stifled.
Through the Business Roundtable, their major political instrument, the top managers have backed the Reagan economic program.
Such tenants, according to Mr. Raphael, will be buying and selling to make a profit and ''are more interested in what goes to the tenant now than the amount that goes to improve the building in the long run.''
''It's been an exciting night,'' he said as he introduced Mrs. Mali to several acquaintances at the reception.
''They toasted the news with champagne,'' says an Argentine democrat, speaking of his hard-line countrymen.
If I knew I was going to hit every ball on the fat part of the bat, I could play, but it doesn't work that way.
Terence J. McEvoy, food analyst for Dean Witter Reynolds Inc., observed: ''The company faces a very tough competitive situation.
Just since July, prospective 1981 spending is calculated to be up $7.9 billion for unemployment benefits and food stamps and $3.9 billion for benefits, such as civil service pensions, that go up with inflation.
''A very old man sat reading the newspaper,'' she writes.
armbands patrolled the aisles and vestibule.
Other auto companies quickly adopted the practice, and some began to release the statistics in the 1940's.
The play is based on John G. Neihardt's book, ''Black Elk Speaks,'' which, according to Victor Lurie, the producer, contains the only authorized translation of the words spoken by Black Elk, the great Sioux medicine man, on the eve of the battle of Wounded Knee.
The point was made 50 years ago by that great liberal, Louis Brandeis.
The $3,800 price tag of this ultra-elaborate deck might help remind you that the computer really doesn't do anything you couldn't.
But the Prince is not there to see her.
Newly opened this week is Delices La Cote Basque at Olympic Tower, Fifth Avenue between 51st and 52d Streets (935-2220).
Some of these industries would be helped if Congress let them apply unused investment credits further back than three years.
After visiting all those coal mines -Mr. Camicia wanted him to learn that part of the business thoroughly - Mr. Hartong said with conviction that ''we have high-quality coal and very fine reserves; this is a great opportunity for me.''
The third-period touchdown run of 1 yard by Phil Carter, Notre Dame's tailback, made the score respectable.
The Joint Committee on Taxation estimates that indexing would cost the Treasury $12.6 billion in forgone revenues in the fiscal year 1985 and $37.4 billion in the fiscal year 1986.
In the Sanctus, Hosanna and Agnus Dei, where the texture goes to more than five parts, the principals will be joined by Allan Fast, countertenor; Edmund Brownless, tenor, and Andrew Walker Schultze, bass.
Today and tomorrow are expected to be good beach days, hot and sunny, with temperatures in the low 90's and with less humidity.
''We think that Reagan and the Cabinet are acting as others should have and did not,'' he said.
As part of the new arrangement, CIC will continue to distribute Paramount and Universal products for home video abroad and M-G-M will regain the ability to distribute its products for television abroad.
Mrs. Spellman's husband, Reuben, who is 71 years old, is among the contenders.
The deal was approved by all the members present, except for Lawrence R. Bailey, the vice chairman, who abstained.
Edmund G. Brown Jr. ordered aerial spraying with malathion in three counties.
Jude Wanniski, president of Polyconomics, agreed that it was the expectation of inflation, not the deficit, that pushed up interest rates.
Le Foularde at Schoelcher, food and ambiance of Martinique.
Although rainy day insipidity is as tough to take as the humidity, I'd rather tolerate a litany of wet weather cliches than have to put up with wet weather rudeness.
Almost 60 percent of the pneumocystis patients died.
The United Nations Charter provides for imposing embargoes on the shipment of commercial and military products to nations threatening peace.
Wall Street is pleased that the S.E.C.
In his view, the monk had chosen her to learn, though he did nothing to indicate his choice.
The Jets have taken seven of eight games since, with the other game a tie.
His next picture was a testimonial to the power of casting.
Sweaters and ''anything warm'' were selling well, many stores said.
It has such a terrific arc.
Tap Shoes bore out, however, and finished outside of Noble Nashua while never threatening him.
Ove Sprogo Headmaster's Wife .
The dominant impression enforced by Professor Mendelson is that Auden's moral and intellectual vanity kept him at every moment of his early life excited and bewildered, able to talk loud but not to think straight.
Tomatoes Homegrown, fresh-picked flavor make the tomato America's favorite garden vegetable.
Perhaps the most significant such shift came when the President acknowledged that he had been forced for now to back off two key proposals he put forward in a television speech Sept. 24.
There are now 40 fast-attack craft armed with missiles and 10 more are being built.
It is hard to imagine Senate Republicans failing to confirm a nomination sponsored by Senator Laxalt; the junior senator from Nevada has a friend in the White House.
The answers are analyzed in relation to 18 ''elements'' of learning styles that Dr. Dunn and her colleagues have identified.
Now, however, Mr. Reagan is asking that spending in the current budget be curbed, Mr. Macchiarola said, meaning that the cuts, if accepted, would have to be imposed in the school term beginning next September.
Sabres 7, Rockies 1 BUFFALO (UPI) - Tony McKegney scored three goals and Lindy Ruff scored two for Buffalo.
''It's incumbent on all of us - the creative people, all the royalty recipients, the theater owners - to get the money back faster in the pocket of the investor,'' Mr. Kean says.
If a girder did not fit snugly, one imagines he would would bend it into shape himself.
''That's right, Mrs. Murkin,'' says the man in the snap-brim hat, wrapping the strong arm of the law around her shoulder.
The Pope's fever developed soon after that appearance.
''You mean the one on 34th Street?''
Soon the land was divided into lots, for the development known as Manhattan Park.
may be putting pressure on its dealers not to handle the new car.
Departure From Early Works Miss Adamson, who first began working with Mr. Williams in 1978, when she staged a revival of ''In the Bar of a Tokyo Hotel,'' points out that the playwright's work, like that of many artists, has become increasingly abstract as he has gotten older.
Donald Fager, the secretary of Medical Liability Mutual Insurance, defended his group's premium pool and said the money was needed to deal with ''cases pending.''
Even before it opens officially, the festival, the Barons said, can be regarded as a success, at least in its Institute, or scholarly aspect.
''If a guy's got a knife at your throat, or a gun in your face, you sure as hell don't spray him,'' Mr. Clede said.
''I'm a good trainer, and I told Jorge this morning that if this horse don't win by five, he ain't gonna win.
Sixteen men and one woman were present recently.
''There are scenes in the movie that just will not work on radio.
Peter Kim kicked a 20-yard field goal at 2 minutes 21 seconds of the second period, and the second-string quarterback, Walter Lewis, capped an 88-yard, 11-play drive by scoring from 4 yards out seven and one half minutes later for a 17-0 halftime lead.
Instead of an increase, a decline of $1 billion or more had been expected in the key measure of the money supply for the reporting week that ended last Wednesday.
Pressure for Curbs As the extent of last year's market penetration by the Japanese became evident, pressure mounted on the Belgian Government to curtail it.
Between 100 and 300 pounds of sulfur trioxide, a chemical used in the manufacture of dyes and cosmetics, escaped from the faulty valve.
sometimes enjoyed playing cards until the Goose took him aside and gave him some advice.
The result is that the hospital system, which urgently needs stability, is now forced to seek its fourth president in less than four years.
In Kentucky, some of the institutions established for students of a particular race retain that type of identity, the department said.
He said he would enter private practice soon in Arizona.
Seven cars of the nine-car train tumbled into the Bagmati River after falling from a bridge near the city of Mansi.
For the first time since the 1958 season, when Forest Evashevski's Hawkeyes finished with a 7-1-1 record and a Rose Bowl victory over California, Iowa had a chance to spend New Year's Day in Pasadena.
The Better Business Bureau has no power to enforce sanctions, only to inform people who inquire that a company does not meet the bureau's standards of business practice.
Any delay that might affect the overall coordination of the system is duly reported to the central digital equipment computer that sits in a glass-enclosed room at one end of the factory.
And the rapid advance in seismic skills is the real high-technology story in the oil hunt - more so than the relatively gradual improvement in drilling methods.
JAMES V. SIENA, Washington, Oct. 16, 1981 The writer is former Deputy Under Secretary of the Army for International Affairs (1967-69) and Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for European and NATO Affairs (1977-81).
The purchase comes at a time when brokers farther inland on the North Fork say that their area is becoming an increasingly popular alternative for summer vacationers who cannot afford to rent houses in the Hamptons, the fashionable resort communities on Long Island's South Fork.
The priests conducting the funeral services usually insisted that this activity be carried on well away from the church, but it was a fine line to draw when, for example, the graveyard was adjacent to the church.
Governor Carey today submitted a $240 million deficiency budget to the Legislature, including funds to cover the costs of the state's collective-bargaining agreements, increased borrowing expenses and a variety of programs in mental health, education, transportation and the Division for Youth.
The judge said he wanted to investigate Mr. Goodwin's finances and his ability to pay damages.
In his Feb. 26 column, he offers two reasons for U.S. intervention in El Salvador: (1) ''We must break the Communist winning streak'' and (2) ''El Salvador is a place where we can win.''
increased retail prices on its 1981 model cars and optional equipment by 3.5 percent, or an average of $351 per vehicle, citing increased costs for labor and materials.
Mr. Reagan's poll taker, Richard B. Wirthlin, wrote in a 1980 memorandum that it was crucial to portray Mr. Reagan as a ''warm, compassionate, caring individual.''
The United States, Britain and France, which have troops here and retain sovereignty over the western half stemming from Nazi Germany's capitulation, stand aside from local party politics.
When the refinancing plan was announced following the close traders termed it pretty much in line with expectations.
''On the first of August, everybody was crowing.
An attraction this year will be the band and color guard of the United States Military Academy at West Point.
Normally, the T cells cause IgE to be manufactured in small amounts; in allergy sufferers, too much is produced.
He scored 10 points in the first half and blocked three of the Nets' shots.
They bow their heads to gold alone.
In addition, Poles have deposited about $1 billion in legal, withdrawable deposits at the bank.
Should this occur, third world negotiators warn, there will be no agreement.
(In Washington, the State Department said that it had revoked Mr. Clymore's passport.
Even then the tomato was grown only for its decorative appeal as this curious vegetable, which still grows wild on the slopes of the high Andes mountains, was believed to be poisonous.
The moniker Buffalo Bill attached itself to Cody in 1867-68.
He said, however, that since the survey excluded the dropouts every year, it was consistent in the trends it reported.
The Saudi goal is to force high-priced producers - Libya, Algeria and Nigeria in particular - to bring prices down.
Hansel and Gretel is still small enough so you don't feel overcrowded.''
''Unless effective containment is restored,'' he told the panel, ''we cannot expect to pursue detente and arms control fruitfully.''
''We're learning the practical application of the language.''
One resolution approved by the assembly called for the continued unification of Jerusalem under Israeli sovereignty.
The film bombed at the box office, but Avon sold 800,000 tie-in copies.
They don't have the time and wherewithal for every case.''
It is ''Sally and Marsha,'' by Sybille Pearson, and was seen last summer at the O'Neill National Playwrights conference.
D. D. CRIMMINS Principal JOHN CAREY Basketball Coach All Hallows Institute Bronx, N.Y.
Mr. Anderson, who had supported the Medicaid takeover until his Republicans colleagues complained that too much of the money would go to New York City if it were enacted, didn't budge.
After a while, a returning guest will simply go where he was most comfortable.''
Second Home as Screenwriter After that, he and Broadway spurned each other; theater became a transitional phase.
Mr. Noto and Mr. Grant, also a former Presiding Officer, have been anti-Cohalan allies who worked closely with Dr. Feldman even though he is a Democrat.
Another aspect of Mr. Perry's successful first season with Ballet Theater was evident Wednesday afternoon when he made essentially an acting debut as a very intense High Brahmin in ''La Bayadere.''
After Blount's score, Lambert returned his interception 31 yards to the San Francisco 22-yard line.
In its heyday, say around 1969, when Albert Frank was at peak billings of about $40 million, it had offices in New York, Philadelphia, Chicago, Boston, Los Angeles, San Francisco and Dallas.
But Judge Henry F. Werker denied the request Wednesday, and a board spokesman said that Mr. Lubbers will decide today whether to appeal the ruling or whether to seek a stay of the ruling pending the appeal.
A giant poster of the Pope hangs from one wall; a dusty plywood platform leans against another.
Mr. Reynolds, a lean, wiry man who seems eager to roll up his sleeves and get down to work, has spent most of his career in commercial litigation, matters ranging from simple breach-of-contract suits to complex antitrust cases.
We must reverse the decline in the productivity growth rate.
But the moral effect is clear.
But a friend happened to mention our availability to Charles Urstadt.
RCA's product has fewer features than the two competing systems.
''I can think of onlya few more things we need,'' Marcum continues.
Center, which is on the third floor of 866 Second Avenue (2 Hammarskjold Plaza).
Mark Lancaster's tour of duty as artistic adviser to the Merce Cunningham Dance Company has brought us many a blissful evening in the theater.
The Southern food featured at Jack's Nest is far more familiar, comprising as it does one of this country's most original and lustiest regional cuisines.
''I've had three serious accidents, and people ask me how I can get back into a racing car,'' Redman said in a recent interview.
The hunt followers, who are called the field, ranged in age from the 70's to 22 months.
But this may be the only time where an identity is known but the family cannot be found.
His tomato farm is actually part of a 19th-floor Manhattan terrace, where his garden was established two decades ago.
What the stars mean: (None) Fair to poor * Good ** Very good *** Excellent **** Extraordinary These ratings are based on the reviewer's reaction to food and price in relation to comparable establishments.
But some Maryknollers openly endorse socialist movements in Latin America because they see the prevailing conditions as exploiting people in ways inconsistent with Christian dignity and beliefs.
Lobbyists from the industries affected by the taxes, meanwhile, worked feverishly in an effort to kill the plan, which is intended to produce $700 million for the Metropolitan Transportation Authority and prevent fare increases for the next two years.
An additional 700,000 shares for stock options and convertible bonds will bring the total to 16.3 million shares, equal to $915 million, or $56 for each 1.3 shares of American Express, their value when the deal was agreed upon yesterday.
On Monday Senator Kennedy went to the White House to talk to Mr. Reagan about gun control and tensions in Northern Ireland.
City Hall to Woolworth Building After a walk across pleasant City Hall Park, which was a common pasture during the early Dutch days, then the site of almshouses and later a British jail for captured American prisoners and a public execution square, the tour reaches the Woolworth Building at 233 Broadway.
The solution was obvious enough.
He wrote that the board had had ''a continuous relationship with Phoenix House since 1971 through the operation of annexes of the public schools at Phoenix House locations,'' and that the foundation intended to transfer its educational program to the Yorktown property.
Tours of the house Tuesday through Saturday (noon to 4 P.M.) are quite detailed and cost $1 each.
Sunday at 8 P.M., Karen Attix and Virginia Matthews from San Francisco present ''Mattix Dance,'' a program of solos and duets which includes pieces by Margaret Jenkins and the Israeli choreographer, Ronit Land.
STEVEN J. BRAMS Professor of Politics New York University New York
Energy stocks remained under pressure.
These films - the former an amateurish documentary about a commune in India, the latter a smooth, understated drama detailing the near-brainwashing of a young cult member - couldn't be less alike in their approach to their subjects.
The report, requested by First Selectman Ruth Sims, faulted the company for not having added any major supply and storage facilities since the 1950's although growth in the area has been rapid.
Mr. Madej said the Government would honor its commitment for a five-day week in the mines, but wanted a rearrangement of work schedules so that the mines could be worked six days a week.
Recently, for example, it was disclosed that three million children were growing up in poverty and that more than two-thirds of old-age pensioners were living ''below the bread line.''
She estimated that the combined agencies would lose about $43 million in Federal funds.
He added that the company's effective tax rate was 50 percent in the latest three months compared with 81 percent in the second quarter of 1980.
A package containing the bomb sent to the United States mission was discovered about 9:30 A.M. by workers in a third-floor mail room where all incoming mail is normally screened, and taken to a fourthfloor security office, according to Robert Moller, the mission's counselor for host-country relations.
Another feature we tend to forget is that in many periods of American history the legislatures that support public institutions have not been very tolerant of radical ideas, new ideas, different ideas - that one major function the private institutions have served is to define the nature of higher education: its independence, its freedom of inquiry, the whole range of values we now take for granted.
For the one thing that cannot be surrendered to the state by the church is control over men's beliefs, precisely what totalitarianism demands.
Saturday, 12,750 fans packed the Iowa Fieldhouse in Iowa City for the rematch, won by Iowa, 27-6.
At a meeting that ended today of the National Assembly of Women Religious, a coalition of nuns, sisters' councils and lay women, two liturgies illustrated the way that Catholic women were devising new forms of worship and at the same time following the approved rites of the official church.
Less tangible is the exposure of the city to very important people who might do it some good.
For anyone going beyond midtown, standing in front of two or three women traveling together is often a good bet; they are apt to be going shopping.
He was assisted by the Rev.
He is survived by his wife, the former Barbara Bredt; a daughter, Audrey Kelly of La Jolla, Calif.; two sons, David of Denver and Jay of Manhattan; a sister, Marion Pitman of Westport, Conn.; a brother, Dr. Bayard Coggeshall of Morristown, N.J., and two grandchildren..
Mr. Mauroy, who at the time was allied with Mr. Rocard, was trying to persuade his colleagues that Mr. Mitterrand and his left-wing supporters were freezing the party into dogmatic intransigence and were out of touch with the centrist feelings of the French electorate.
IN John P. Marquand's 1949 novel, ''Point of No Return,'' the hero and another assistant vice president stage a quietly desperate battle for a vice presidency of an important New York bank.
Shoemaker, who is 49 years old, has ridden more winners in his career (7,983 going into yesterday's Santa Anita card) and earned more purse money with his mounts ($81,454,992) than any rider in history.
In his oral ruling in the Federal Court House on Foley Square, Judge Lasker said the state facilities were safer and more secure than the city's jails on Rikers Island.
I'm not unique after all.''
''During a period when we ourselves are uncertain, their uncertainty is even greater.
Mr. Morgenthau made his statement in a letter to Mr. Kheel.
Mr. Hayes believes his impulse to help the homeless is not extraordinary.
Andranik Eskandarian also did a notable job in marking Segota, who scored his goal with a blistering shot from a direct free kick 25 yards away.
The President views such dusclosures as inevitable, Mr. Meese said.
THE inveterate antique collector can enjoy the best of two summer show worlds this weekend - shopping both indoors and out of doors - by visiting the Essex Antiques Show in that riverport village and the Nathan Hale Antiques Festival at the patriot's 18th-century homestead in Coventry.
Mr. Brooks is perhaps most pleased with moving the chain firmly back into the American fold, abandoning the European markets to feature such designers as Bill Blass and Molly Parnis.
Mr. Floyd's score and Mr.
''Reagan's people want to redesign ships and develop new ones, but the extra business may not come in time to prevent layoffs here,'' he said.
GEORGE LITCHFORD Northport, L.I., Nov. 11, 1981 The writer is a consulting aviation systems engineer.
Monetarists, who tend to be conservatives, emphasize government manipulation of the money supply.
Rather than direct payments, the concession would allow the oil companies to claim first production from a well until 25 percent of its previous exploration costs had been recovered.
''One hospital buys a phone system and winds up saving $250,000 on its phone bill.
Oscar, Geoffrey and Calvin weren't there, but Tommy, Betsey and Lester were.
Starrett City "Elmira Loop" - $1.1 million to install energy exchange system.
The American delegates to the conference in England will suggest that the World Council of Churches hire more women as executives and name a woman as moderator of its Central Committee.
He was the author of ''Ferromagnetism,'' which has become a standard reference work.
Republicans - Gunderson, yes; Petri, yes; Roth, xxx; Sensenbrenner, yes.
The three men arrested in the Leung case - Danny Tom, 27; Paul Wong, 24, and Gary Wong, 17 - have pleaded not guilty.
Major changes in Social Security are proposed in a bill that won tentative approval in a House subcommittee.
Dr. Kelly was graduated summa cum laude from Boston College, where he was elected to Phi Beta Kappa, and from the New York University School of Medicine.
She likes to see a few old friends but would not choose to marry again, although, like the unsentimental, undignified heroines in her books, she experiences ''occasional flu-like symptoms of falling in love.''
Moreover, the poll showed that the public view of Britain's key problems has shifted overwhelmingly since February 1979 from inflation and unions to unemployment.
But the Islander forwards, except for Garry Howatt, also failed to take their men out of the play.
The single spare set, a large cross tilted to the back of the stage, gives the opera an iconic texture.
On May 13, Mr. Carswell informed me that the Government approved our meeting with Iran's lawyers.
By Christopher Lehmann-Haupt A MATTER OF DEGREE.
And unlike their fathers, the boys were not embarrassed to beg.
The dance will be performed, as it was originally, to recorded songs by the Beach Boys, before a backdrop decorated by street graffiti artists.
There were conservative echoes, too, in the speech of Richard V. Allen, Mr. Reagan's national security aide, who decried Europe's ''outright pacifist sentiments'' and the revival of ''the contemptible 'better red than dead' slogan,'' and in a Sunday television appearance of David A. Stockman, Director of the Office of Management and Budget.
Dave Winfield of the Yankees, who has profited most handsomely from the free-agent system that is under dispute, carried out a charitybegins-at-home plan of sorts.
This year, in fact, the quartet is beginning a new recording of the Beethoven cycle for Columbia, recorded live in the Library of Congress, where the quartet is in residence, performing 20 concerts a year on a set of the library's Stradivarius instruments.
He makes little apparent headway with such essays, but seems to take pleasure in using the Court as his own bully pulpit.
Samuel Jones, S-J Transport Company, of Woodston, a hauler.
The Nazis have fled to South America and are still experimenting.
''Taking shape behind such an outburst is a definite design - the wish to aggravate the situation, to undermine both at home and in allied countries resistance to the attempts to revive the cold war and an unrestrained arms race, to find a pretext which would allow the abandonment of negotiations and dialogue with the Soviet Union.''
At the tree planting in Washington two weeks ago, Miss Galop, a lawyer with the Prudential Insurance Company, represented Mr. Shapiro and the Essex County Parks and Recreation Advisory Council, and then officiated at the planting of the Washington tree in Newark the next day.
''I really wanted to be in this play,'' said Jack Weston, who stars in ''The Floating Light Bulb'' with Beatrice Arthur and Danny Aiello.
A conspiracy charge against Cynthia Boston, a suspect in the Rockland County armored-car robbery, was dismissed yesterday because a ''reliable witness'' had seen her in New Orleans at the time Federal authorities believed she was in Mount Vernon, N.Y. Miss Boston declined to comment when she was released last night from the Metropolitan Correctional Center in Manhattan, where she had been held on $250,000 bail.
In the process we suffered more than they.
He said he would propose that the maximum differential be reduced to $3.50 a barrel, for a top price of $37.50 a barrel.
These people grow grapes, and although some of their vineyards may be no larger than a broom closet, the last thing any of them wants in midsummer is rain.
The Russians have also said in Lebanon that their friendship treaty with Syria did not extend to coming to its assistance in areas outside of Syria, in effect disassociating themselves from the crisis.
Reports on their geographic pattern of loan-making would continue to be required, he said.
''We did try to do things to bring it to the attention of public opinion,'' Mr. Chafets said, ''and we weren't very successful.''
The department said it was acting in response to an order issued yesterday by the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia.
This was supported, with modifications, by the New York Chapter of the American Institute of Architects.
Instead, the report suggested that meteorites were simply terrestrial rocks ''struck by lightning.''
A futures contract commits an investor to purchase or sell a fixed amount of a commodity at a set price within a certain period.
Here is inarticulateness become articulate.
''That got me hooked,'' he said.
Nolan Ryan holds two other major league records - 135 games in which he has struck out 10 or more and 21 games in which he has struck out 15 or more.
of Metropolitan New Jersey, 760 Northfield Avenue, West Orange.
Wadsworth's plan was to provide space not only for an art gallery but for the Connecticut Historical Society and for the organization that later became the Hartford Public Library.
Some other Government official is driving my BMW.
''All the time,'' he said emphatically.
Mr. DelBello said the objection to ocean dumping was that the sludge creates a dead area where no shellfish or bottom-feeding fish can live.
That is a complaint many West Coast players have made in the past after Eastern players received major honors.
Now HBO has turned into one of the most successful divisions of its parent company, Time.
They also see a contradiction between the bondholders' interest in keeping oil prices as high as possible and Government interest in using the reserve to keep prices down.
It has to be faced.
Admission: $6; students and over-65's, $4.
They were the first blacks elected to the bench in New York City - and many people in the room, including Herbert L. Bruce, could recall when that took place.
''This is the greatest bunch of kids I've ever had here,'' he says.
Some classes are taught along orthodox vegetarian lines based on macrobiotic principles but other sessions offer more sophisticated cooking within this context, calling it ''nouvelle natural.''
The prospective bride's father is a sculptor in Cleveland and her maternal grandfather, Jacob I. Sapirstein of Cleveland and Miami, Fla., is founder chairman of American Greetings, Incorporated, the card company, in Cleveland.
Speaking from Kaiser's offices in Oakland, Calif., the spokesman said that getting rid of the coke ovens and blast furnaces and shutting down the company's iron mine at Eagle Mountain in southern California would involve various costs, totaling substantially more than $150 million.
In the three games he played with the Kings this season, he scored one goal and had three assists.
Under heavy pressure from the Prime Minister, the party's leader, Agustin Rodriguez Sahagun, announced that he was resigning, ceding the job to Mr. Calvo Sotelo.
Judge Kaplan ruled that the public should not have access to the beaches rimmed by large homes because the Federal and State Constitutions prohibited taking someone's land away for public use without paying for it.
Anyone using a gun even for ''legitimate'' purposes, who has not complied with the above regulations, should be subject to a $2,500 fine and three months in jail plus confiscation of property and withholding of a permit for two years.
While Iran chooses to refer to any American proposal as the ''Algerian statement,'' diplomatic sources here say, as United States officials have said, that the Algerians have done little more than relay messages and compromise proposals between Washington and Teheran.
Time passed too slowly for this short, light work.
Add the ginger and tomatoes and cook about five minutes, stirring.
Later in the period, a 3-point play by Jim Johnstone gave Wake Forest its biggest lead at 41-34 with 11:53 left.
In the second race, he finished seventh on Proudest Duchess.
Along with deciding what clothes to bring and how much extra cash to set aside for tipping, you must also choose how best to spend the time available to go ashore.
There is a growing trend in teaching hospitals to hire physicans full time and compensate them fully for their medical, administrative and teaching duties.
She could either appeal the decision or start the application process over again.
Two other houses are about to offer their versions of that formula, Bantam with ''Sweet Dreams'' and Silhouette with ''First Love.''
As it turned out, Dr. Maier had also heard of the European fad for wet-playing phonograph records, and since his company specializes in record cleaning devices, he decided to investigate the matter.
The total annual budget for both Hai-Bars is $40,000, less than half of which is contributed by the Israeli Government (which, however, has allocated $90,000 for the purchase of Somali wild asses and $50,000 toward the $120,000 purchase price of the ''unicorns'').France's Baron Edmond de Rothschild made the first private contribution, of $25,000.
Rates average $59 a night for two.
It took six months to make this one movie.
It worked wondrously well during the tour, and I was regarded with as much awe and respect as the doctors and lawyers among us.
The largest serves a dual purpose: The tray holding 12 eye shadows, mascara, pencils and tools is removable, and by adding the accompanying shoulder strap, one has a nifty summer handbag.
Ricardo was one of those economists; he brilliantly refined Smith's insights and helped to make them operational.
However, O'Donnell was willing to go to Leopoldville and try to ''neutralize'' Lumumba ''as a political factor.''
''Under the Men's Tree'' opens today at the Film Forum, along with ''Lorang's Way,'' a fine second installment in the trilogy that began with ''The Wedding Camels,'' which played at the forum in 1978.
Bartok would have preferred not to teach at all.
The point is, the way players can shoot today, that's like committing suicide.''
The Hudson Institute, for example, numbers such corporate clients as Xerox, Rockwell International, Westinghouse, General Motors, General Foods, Royal Dutch/Shell, Boeing, Ford Motor and Coca-Cola.
- John E. Chapoton, 44, a Houston lawyer who was the Treasury's legislative tax counsel in 1970-72, to be assistant secretary for tax policy under Norman Ture, a conservative Washington economist who will be under secretary for tax policy.
A great amount of paperwork will be done by Americans in filling out Government forms in the current fiscal year, which started Oct. 1.
Obviously, there is no long-run benefit in naive diversification.
And then, too, he said, there was the increasing difficulty of finding parking spac e near the Long Island Rail Road station and schools and shops.
Last month the United States offered Pakistan an aid package of $400 million in military credits and $100 million in economic aid in each of the next two years.
Car dealers said the problem had been overblown by the Boston news media.
''Uniformity would help,'' Mr. Kienbock said, ''but so far I haven't been able to get much clarification.''
There also will be quilt making, clog dancing, dulcimer playing, ballet and opera, strolling entertainers and fireworks.
After a day and a night in jail, she quieted down.''
High-ranking executives are buttonholing Congressmen, members of the press and anyone else who will listen to tell them this is a critical time for the future of America, virtually a national emergency, when everyone should accept the broad thrust of the President's economic program and help it work.
Miss Schygulla said the director deliberately sought to mix ''horror with delight, to create his own little fabricated world,'' but it looks as if Mr. Fassbinder wanted primarily to tell his regular audience that he was only kidding with his move into the big-budget world.
There is no kitchen or bathroom to speak of, only three Turkish toilets, but the house is scrupulously clean.
For Mr. Ziff, there can be no literature without politics.
You can also leave your shoes outside your door at night to be polished and returned at dawn.
The reaction to the hunger strike proved that people in the West no longer applied a different rights yardstick to the Soviet Union, she said.
The sporadic bursts of automatic weapons fire that reporters had heard when they entered the city had been caused by ''nervous'' soldiers, he said.
The meeting, a panel discussion entitled, ''What Now?''
's grants have had a minimal effect on local development.
The reason, Foreign Minister Jacques Hodoul said, is that the Pentagon refuses to comply with Seychelles Government regulations demanding a declaration about whether foreign vessels are nuclear armed or nuclear powered.
I'' (Concord Jazz-142) which is just what it says it is - a jam session featuring some of the musicians under contract to Concord Jazz Records and Mr. Herman.
Mr. Dawson recognizes this as a problem.
Estimates now reach $2.6 billion, more than three times the original figure.
RABBIT ANGSTROM keeps coming back, like a song that says ''remember.''
My wife, Tia, and I arrived there on a brilliant afternoon, aboard a Russian-built jet similar to a Boeing 707.
There are no income requirements for the housing.
As soon as visitors pass through the gates they will enter a world of knights, soothsayers, jugglers, Maypole dancers, musicians and craftspeople.
He was a member of the Bedford Golf and Tennis Club, the Chevy Chase and Metropolitan Clubs of Washington, D.C., and the River Club and Brook Club of New York.
Mr. Pohl said he had little faith in the suggestion of some European finance officials that by strengthening the European Monetary System, Europe could insulate its currencies from the dollar's movements sufficiently to bring about lower interest rates independently of the United States.
Because he could not find a buyer for his ranch-style home in suburban Detroit, he did not have enough cash to purchase a home near his new job in Stamford.
Real-estate interests had not found the block; neither had the 70's.
* John R. Cuneo has been appointed president and chief executive officer of Silton/Turner Advertising, Boston.
But Tehiya opposes the peace treaty with Egypt and seeks reconsideration of the planned withdrawal from Sinai.
About efforts to define new rules and roles for women, Miss Clark said, ''Of course, there are justifications.''
Association officials estimate that about a third of students in graduate-level geography courses are women, triple the proportion a decade ago.
Compared with increases of 5 and 6 percent in past years, the annual growth rate is now down to 1 percent.
''Unless Brascan had sold other of its assets, it would have had to borrow as much as $900 million to make an offer for Scott,'' the analyst said.
The half duck was neither stringy nor greasy, nor was the sauce too sweet.
The cuts would come from projected increases, and would not be a decrease in current spending.
The program's three dances, seen Friday, work back in time through Miss Fisher's choreographic career, though they blessedly do not allude to personal history.
On its simplest level, the term can mean a film of a rock concert.
- ''The Arthur Treacher's Fish and Chips restaurant operation became a fast-food-industry laggard and an unprofitable enterprise beyond fiscal 1978 and 1979 losses of $968,000, or 23 cents a share, and $3.04 million, or 75 cents a share.''
A dark gray cloud of pollution, described by experts as worse than those of Los Angeles and Tokyo, has become an almost permanent feature of the sky over Athens, provoking politicians into disputes with an eye to the elections due in November.
In contradistinction to the New School I held that even membership is not a ground for automatic dismissal but a rebuttable presumption of unfitness warranting inquiry by a committee of a teacher's peers, not by any governmental agency, whose investigations into teachers fitness and loyalty I vehemently opposed.
''Here we have a new product that burst suddenly on the scene and it's grown far more rapidly than anybody expected,'' Mr. Auch said concerning listed options.
The traffic is horrendous in Lagos.
And it could be arguedthat showing snippets from dramatic pieces ca n as easily confuse an audience as arouse its interest.
William J. Raspberry, columnist, The Washington Post.
Sometimes, as in the case of ''The Mattei Affair,'' this works.
He was 60 years old and a former resident of Westfield, N.J. Mr. Kelly, who held a master's degree from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, joined Exxon at the East Coast Technical Service Division in 1943 and later served in the Navy in World War II.
(Nevada retaliated by allowing a fighter under suspension in California to work.)
and the end of cash rebate programs.
Even with lyrics like that, I had trouble remembering them.
Wyatt Rushton, who is co-president of the school's P.T.A., said that conversations with school headquarters officials and local legislators had given the group some hope in their fight to keep their Saturday market open.
A threat, say, of increasing the advantage in space, must be found to force the opponent out of his secure crouching formation.
Mr. Swanson said Webb had not contemplated sale of the Sahara Tahoe, but ''the offer received from Hilton was contingent upon inclusion of that property.''
Sales of full-size Chevrolets in the first half of this year totaled 101,536 units, compared with 147,479 units in the first six months of 1980.
''The inmates are not learning anything and farm labor is really not a job opportunity as set forth in Judge Johnson's requirements.''
But maybe the fun part of it, or the challenge part of it, is to do a lot of this buying, using, you know, using, uh, other techniques of financing.''
; 7 PxP, NxP because after 8 B-QR3, N-QB3; 9 N-N5 (threatening to win the queen by 10 N-Q6ch, K-B1; 11 NxNPch), White has powerful pressure.
(Those interested can call Miss Rose at 423-4692; the cost is $100, with various discounts.)
The marsh leads to a dark forest of tall oak, maple and tulip trees where the lessons of camouflage are taught.
Billie Jean King, the tennis star, goes in the opposite direction from Mrs. Gould - from the physical to the cerebral.
Jerome Vorhies, Bob's father, died more than a year ago, but the youth's mother, Delores, continued the court case to prove that her son, an 18-year-old freshman fullback at Tech, died as a result of having been pushed beyond physical limits in football ''punishment drills'' on Nov. 21, 1977.
All we know is that 30 percent of discotheque disk-jockeys have suffered hearing damage.
Whenever an actor wanted to indicate nonchalance, nervousness, wisdom, ignorance, furtiveness, candor, depression or exhilaration, he elaborately lighted up.
Union Oil has said that it was interested in retaining its heavy oil and oil sands properties while selling conventional oil and gas fields.
The break occurred in a six-inch valve that controlled the flow of steam into the building, Mr. Waldon said.
It includes panels of photographs, some from the Smithsonian Institution.
Yet, I'm worried about this ''typical teenager'' because I see evidence that the overwhelming aura of violence associated with sports is beginning to leave a dark imprint on his basic beliefs regarding the purpose and proper spirit of athletic competition.
Numbers on the Envelope There was uncertainty about the amount because the handwritten numbers on the envelope that contained the money were unclear, the newspaper reported.
In her new study she elaborates with virtuosity on the symbolic resonance of Joan's intactness, a condition attested to by a variety of distinguished examiners, including the Queen of Savoy and the Duchess of Bedford.
There are 628 colleges that belong to both the N.C.A.A.
A Bookseller's Lament It is a familiar complaint.
Not all kindergartens and nurseries show increases in enrollment and applications, but even many of those now in a slow phase are bracing for the onslaught, within two or three years, of the ''toddlers'' - the 2-year-olds who have suddenly appeared in many of the city's nursery schools.
Led by Genentech and Apple Computer, the market for new public issues had its most active year since 1972.
The encyclical, whose publication was delayed by the attempt on his life in May, is expected to be his broadest social statement to date.
Control over city spending was turned over to an 11-member financial review board, to be appointed by the City Council, the Mayor, the Governor and legislative leaders, and an internal city auditor is to be appointed for the first time.
The threats started about the same time, according to Thomas O'Leary, president of the citizens' group.
People came by the millions over the early decades of the century for thrill rides, carnival games and dance marathons.
Dooley said Hayley would take many of the responsibilities shared by Dooley and Parker, whose two-year contract as athletic director for administration expires June 30.
Today Mr. Sadat affirmed his intention to intervene if the Sudan is attacked by ''the maniac Qaddafi,'' and repeated his contention that Mr. Qaddafi was acting with the sanction of the Soviet Union.
Mark Aguirre became De Paul's career scoring leader with a 25-point performance today to lead the Blue Demons to a 90-75 victory over Wagner.
According to Mr. Kahan the going rate is $40,000 to $45,000 for one-bedroom apartments, $64,000 and up for two bedrooms and between $100,000 and $120,000 for three bedrooms.
''I feel like a whirling dervish, trying to get to all sides of the audience,'' Miss Woodward noted.
Participating in the ceremonies in the Municipal Art Society's offices at the Villard Houses, Madison Avenue and 51st Street, were Dr. Harold Taylor, former president of Sarah Lawrence College; Ruth Wittenberg, a Greenwich Village preservationist; Armina Marshall, a founder of the Theatre Guild, and John Raitt, who played Billy Bigelow on stage in ''Carousel,'' which Miss de Mille choreographed.
Among the leaders on government payrolls are Albert Cavagnaro of East Hampton, County Commissioner of Jurors; Joyce Rosko of Southampton and Fred Hulse of Southold, county neighborhood aides; Gene Reyer of Riverhead, County Department of Consumer Affairs; Frank Appollaro of Smithtown, a local representative of Assemblyman James L. Emery Jr., minority leader, and Alexander Brandshaft of Huntington, director of the Vanderbilt Museum.
''We did so,'' Mrs. Jacobi said, ''and never heard a thing.''
It probably would go through at the new level.
Sometimes he gets himself in hot water but he gets away with it, he's such a character.''
The Court's docket was almost empty by today's standards and it could ordinarily hear a constitutional case any time one of the parties so desired.
An Asian-American Film Festival opens tonight at 7 and continues on subsequent Friday evenings through June 26 at New York University's Schimmel Auditorium, 40 West Fourth Street.
The soldiers' presence belied an official myth.
So is the unpretentious spontaneity that once illuminated the Ned-Jack relationship - the now-childish, now-sentimental camaraderie of two buddies drinking away a night together.
''I am against this and I protest most energetically,'' said a reserve army sergeant who said he and other nonunion members had been prevented from working on Saturday.
The brown-uniformed agents, who will join 12 already there, will concentrate on illegal parking in the 12-square-block area bounded by 34th Street, 40th Street, the Avenue of the Americas and Eighth Avenue.
Kemp (R) Y Y Y 39.
A gray day can be a useful inducement for discovering the historic settlements and still-rural stretches beyond the boardwalks.
''Fifteenyear-old hotels search for a way to keep their name in front of the public,'' says Mr. Quinn.
Many species produce dark-purple fruit that blend into the foliage and are not showy in display, but others have bright red fruit.
He said that he would join a private law firm to obtain more security for his family.
Texas International has made what we believe to be a fair offer and the Phoenix board has taken the offer under consideration and has employed Morgan Stanley to advise it on the fairness of that offer.
The smallest pearls are keshi, which are irregularly shaped natural pearls that are sometimes found in cultivated oysters along with a cultured pearl.
The pen-like handle holds two AA batteries that power the light, and it has a switch mounted on the end.
She pays attention to the point about cleanup, too.
The autobiography of the 1980 Nobel Prize winner for literature.
Looking back over most of this country's assassins, a profile of sorts does emerge.
basketball tournament next spring but will be eligible for the tournament in 1983.
Initial Benefits The Administration would alter the formula under which initial benefits are calculated for those who retire at the age of 65 and afterward.
IWAS a wicked stepmother, and in some respects I still am.
Sizable chunks of its shares are held by two individuals well-known for buying parts or all of other companies - Henry E. Singleton and Victor Posner.
It's not every actor who gets to portray five characters in a single play, but for Scott Sparks, who does just that in the Off Broadway production of ''My Blue Heaven,'' the challenge is even more unusual.
Each American carrier displaces 75,000 tons and carries 70 attack and fighter planes.
If Institution Had Failed The new financing arrangement used in the Glendale-First Federal merger has been labeled Share, an acronym for ''special help for alternative rate environments.''
They said 'our experts say with your body we don't know if you can still play.'"
The Patriots are giving him more than a chance.
China has periodically accused the United States of giving the Soviet Union an advantage in the Middle East by blindly supporting Israel.
When opponents of the Government questioned this this manner of ratification before the Supreme Court, the Chief Justice, Roberto Concepcion, said in a decision that a majority of the court found that the procedure followed had not been valid but that ''there is no judicial obstacle to it being in force and effect.''
Paul Ma's China Kitchen, 436 Manville Road (Route 117), 769-4432.
Mr. Nichols's real subject is marriage, and he dramatizes the disintegration of that of Sheila and Bri.
FOR thousands of recreational sailors, Long Island Sound is a vast nautical playground, dotted with picturesque ports.
At 2:52 of the period, Zhluktov skated down the right side and, challenged by the American defense, took a soft backhand shot from the right circle.
So he asked us to play for him the 'Lyric Suite,' and we did.
I learned the music at rehearsal.
''(They) tend to be dependent individuals.
The protective effect was demonstrated when the results with these patients were compared with closely comparable heart attack patients who were given harmless but inert tablets, or placebos, instead of the drug.
''Selvage is where the fabric ends,'' she said.
The course will be offered from 6 P.M. to 7:30 P.M. on Oct. 14, 21 and 28.
* CATHOLIC CHARITIES, DIOCESE OF BROOKLYN, 191 Joralemon Street, Brooklyn, N.Y. 11201.
The savings and loan associations, with deposits of more than $630 billion, are heavily invested in mortgages yielding on average a little more than 9 percent.
When the Education Minister, Zevulun Hammer, balked at suspending the excavation license, the Chief Rabbis threatened him with a form of religious ostracism, under which the Torah could not be read in the synagogue where he worshiped.
John Davidson remembers that two years ago the Rangers had nothing to lose, a situation that prevails again.
The second cluster, on a slight incline at the far side of the meadow, is much the same, except that its members are fewer and taller and the phalanx they form is paralleled on all four sides by single rows of shorter poles.
After graduating from Columbia College and Columbia Law School, Mr. Horowitz joined a New York law firm specializing in the entertainment industry.
Taking advantage of Texas mistakes, including a fumble on the opening kickoff, Oklahoma took a 14-3 halftime lead, but the Sooners were overwhelmed during the final two quarters by the unbeaten Longhorns.
Now you know that Melvin is going to get Bulger back in the end, and he's going to get the best of Mister Old Man Bill Blowdy.
Another book, the ''Blue Guide to Yugoslavia - the Adriatic Coast,'' is available for $11.95 at the Complete Traveller, 199 Madison Avenue, New York.
The new tax legislation helped one market group specifically: the brokerage stocks.
The project was implemented primarily to raise the museum's low profile.
However, plans torebuild were scuttled when Mr. Ellis was unable to get financing.
Further justification for a barracks rebellion might be found in the infamous corruption of several general-staff officers.
But many newcomers must also make adjustments that are less pleasant, such as getting used to the smell of cow manure, the flys, the sound of farmers plowing at night, their slow moving equipment on the roads by day, pesticide spraying, roosters at dawn and cows straying into their front yards.
File Folders One might be encouraged to neaten up a desk if he had some attractive folders to file papers in.
He said that if the cases were won or settled out of court, the department would rely on remedies the Administration endorses, including redrawing school boundaries, voluntary student transfers, school closings, use of magnet schools drawing an integrated student body to special programs, and rearrangement of feeder patterns between elementary and junior high schools.
ABC-Westinghouse could, however, decide to provide local cable distributors with free receiving dishes.
Ivan Boesky, the Wall Street arbitrager, is understood to have tendered 1.5 million to 2 million shares, or at least 2.5 percent.
Mitsui, a major trading conglomerate and Iran's partner in the project, which has been halted repeatedly since it began in 1973, could make a claim for as much as $434 million, the papers said.
''It is a philosophy,'' he said, ''of a meal a day, just one meal a day.
* In a forceful preface, Clayton Eshleman explains the significance of his title, ''Hades in Manganese.''
As news of President Sadat's death filtered through the energy community yesterday, an often-repeated worry was that the events in Egypt could lessen the North African country's ability to act as a stabilizing influence in the Middle East.
For complete series information, call (201) 744-6770 or (201) 694-5151.
To shape each pellet into a leaf, roll with a 6-inchlong wooden dowel (Mr. Fitoussi cuts them from a broom handle).
A cup of coffee, usually espresso, and pastries usually cost about a dollar each.
Anyone who happens to be in the neighborhood on Feb. 6, which is Waitangi Day, a national holiday, will be able to see Maori customs and costumes on display on all sides.
''If I had, I wouldn't have thrown it.''
Los Angeles led by 77-61 with 3 minutes 37 seconds left in the third quarter, but Detroit rallied to within 85-84 early in the fourth.
There is a lengthening of corporate sights, now that, as one Japanese executive said privately, "your managers are beginning to recognize many of their industries are engaged in a global fight for survival."
Ten of the units have been sold, primarily to older couples whose children no longer live with them and who no longer need large homes.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
He said that India was justified in believing that new American arms in Pakistan would upset the balance of forces in the region and that no nation was threatening Pakistan's security.
Settlement Called Unlikely Ray Grebey, the owners' chief negotiator, acknowledged the unlikely chances of a settlement today.
Jackson Drives in Two In the sixth inning, Jerry Mumphrey, the Yankees' most dependable hitter, tripled, and Winfield walked.
Begin declared that neither Israel nor Syria wanted a war.
He played squash, led an active social life and spent weekends in the Hamptons.
China buys all of its American grain on the open market without Washington's participation, an American agricultural official at the embassy here said.
In the early 1970's, the personal savings rate did move above the long-term average for several years.
In Stanley Ellin's opinion, there are enough complications, romance, straight-faced humor and masterly style in this long, engrossing tale to suit readers of all sizes.
Dorothea Morefield, the wife of Richard H. Morefield, and her four sons took off from San Diego in an American Airlines jet, christened Reunion One for the day by its crew, that sported a big yellow ribbon on the bulkhead between the coach and first-class sections.
One was noted by George Bernard Shaw when he turned down a woman who insisted she wanted to have a child by him.
in art education from Syracuse University.Yesterday Mrs. D'Amato was reported ''unreachable'' at the school because she was ''busy running off class sheets for the new courses.''
An Iranian diplomat flew to Algeciras from Madrid to talk to the crews, who are presumably loyal to the Khomeini Government.
Had Mr. Baryshnikov, or any of the others for that matter, not defected, they would almost certainly still be involved in dancing, but few of them believe that they would be the same dancers they are today.
A clown-angel, played by Mr. Hawkins, who has pulled the brave General across the ice-strewn Delaware River and fed him with hot dogs and carrots in the dark and hungry days of winter camp.
In his ruling, Judge Pratt upheld the Federal Bureau of Investigation's undercover techniques in the case and said that the constitutional rights of the seven defendants had not been violated.
He learned his craft in Germany, where the lithographic process was invented, and was given a thorough grounding in the skills required to transfer an original image to a prepared slab of limestone that is then treated, inked and printed in a laborious but unique process that can produce effects as bold as action painting or as delicate as pencil drawing.
Mr. Cooper, who is 45 years old, became involved with the society in the mid-1970's when he represented the organization in a malpractice suit.
Each duet has its own signature.
After Mr. Crimmins had been led away, she kept repeating, while sobbing and saying: ''They're wrong, they're wrong.
''Sometimes I'm out there all by myself,'' Mr. Keller, who heads the Citizens Coalition for Tax Reform, an organization based in his home here, complained the other day.
According to the agreement, the questioning was to take place on a Swedish vessel outside the restricted area but still within Swedish territorial waters.
Observers now predict that, unless tapes and disks can be warehoused effectively, 25 percent of the 5,000 retailers will be forced out of business within a year.
Ginger juice is made by pressing peeled, fresh ginger in a garlic press.
With such an approach, women would be the big losers but many male teams would also disappear.
Another official added that the American Ambassador to West Germany, Arthur F. Burns, an old friend of Mr. Schmidt, would personally convey the Administration's disappointment.
Anything beyond that is too much.
But there were no signs that the Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority and the Transport Workers Union Local 234 were close to resolving their differences.
The changes even overshadowed the owners' discussions of realigning the major leagues into three divisins each, with the American League increasing its pressure for such a move by 1983.
Established in 1908 by the Sisters of St. Francis, who still own and operate St. Agnes, the unit was the hospital's original branch.
''There is no doubt,'' Miller said, ''that the powers that be in Montreal did not look kindly on his player association activities.''
But when he hired Gibson this winter as a coach, eyebrows were raised because Rube Walker had been the pitching coach for the last 13 years.
Mr. Weinberger was careful to refrain from defining the circumstances under which the weapons would be employed against an enemy.
Dierking held up his thumb and forefinger and moved them together to show ''he was always yapping.
His career shriveled to nightclub dates and movies like ''How to Stuff a Wild Bikini'' and ''The Cockeyed Cowboys of Calico County.''
It underlines his lack of influence on Mr. Reagan's chief White House aides, Edwin Meese 3d and James A. Baker 3d.
Japan now spends $800 million a year for this purpose, or about 47 percent of the total expense, excluding direct personnel costs.
The trial, which began seven weeks ago, included videotaped evidence of Mr. Kelly receiving $25,000 from a Government undercover agent.
The delegate to the negotiations on European missiles, for instance, he said, will be chosen from his agency.
None of the other companies have those things, which are advantages in our eyes.''
A former aide to Senator John H. Chafee, Republican of Rhode Island, she was the unsuccessful Republican candidate for the Rhode Island House of Representatives in 1978.
But that hardly means she cannot borrow as well from the technology of the present.
You have to go out with a better attitude than that or they show you a reality like today.''
''I grew up on Gary Cooper and James Stewart movies and I still have to believe the good guys win,'' said Mr. Julie, president of Julie Research Laboratories, a small ''inventor-led'' concern that employs 50 people in New York.
It replaces a voluntary curb on late-night and early-morning flights that was violated an average of a dozen times a week during one recent five-week period, county officials said.
two registration statements on the proposed offerings of $160 million of debentures due on Dec. 1, 1991, and $260 million of zero coupon debentures due on Dec. 1, 1988, to be sold through a Dillon, Read group.
Miss Horvath, formerly of Hopewell Junction, N.Y., is now living in Largo, Fla., where she is being coached by Harry Hopman.
They represent a small part of the United States land-based nuclear strike force, which includes 1,000 solid-fuel Minuteman missiles.
Several Administration officials acknowledged during the day that some or all of their information had come from television.
Silas Kopf, an architecture graduate of Princeton University, is represented in this show by his lined and fitted boxes, embellished in precise and sophisticated marquetry - a ve neer overlay technique with pieces as thin as 1/28th of an inch fitt ed together like a jigsaw puzzle.
They establish the following objectives for the next round of negotiation: ''(1) significant and substantial reductions in the numbers of strategic offensive arms'' and ''(2) qualitative limitations on strategic offensive arms, including restrictions on the development, testing, and deployment of new types of strategic offensive arms and on the modernization of existing strategic offensive arms.''
He was named manager of the Saks Fifth Avenue store in Manhattan in 1930, manager of the Gimbels 33d Street store in 1949 and general manager of Gimbels New York in 1959.
Neither Mr. Burns nor Miss Rosahn has been questioned by Rockland County authorities in connection with the armored-car robbery.
(You may fire when you are ready, Ridley.)
Territory size has been found to range from about 20 acres to several thousand.
They are disparaging terms or curses.
Iliane Coffee Shop, 34-24 Union St., Queens.
The victory was worth $54,000 from the total purse of $300,000, and improved Trevino's season's earnings to $103,726.
Today, after Mr. Brady had read newspapers, watched television and sat up for the first time in two weeks in his room at George Washington University Hospital, Dr. Kobrine described his patient's recovery as ''extraordinary'' - although that recovery has been hampered by several life-threatening complications.
Mrs. Harris is accused of murdering Dr. Herman Tarnower, who she says died in a struggle for her gun.
Picking Up the Pieces The most immediate result was that a somewhat disconsolate Mayor tried to pick up the pieces on what by all rights should have been one of the bigger days of his political career - his probable nomination as both the Democratic and Republican candidate for a second term.
Overwhelmingly, the oil money has gone into cultural programming.
The robbery, at Ares Antiques Inc., 961 Madison Avenue, occurred shortly before the store was to open at 11 A.M.
He adds, however, that ''it is never possible to know what may happen.''
When she lost her parliamentary seat in the London suburbs to the Tory sweep in the 1979 general election, all of political Britain was shocked, and Conservative ministers said publicly that they deeply regretted her defeat.
He was a college track coach, unquestionably one of the best who ever lived.
Evidence mounted that a number of senior officers were implicated in the abortive plot.
But, as a result, the Government became enormously dependent on oil revenues to maintain the current economic boom, and Mr. Diaz Serrano emerged as one of the country's most influential figures and one of a handful of possible candidates to become the next president.
It does a grave disservice to the tax-paying citizens of New York City.
Industry groups have called for a re-examination of the air quality standards to see if the benefits they return in public health merit the cost.
''If Aristotle were alive today, he'd understand everything about our society.
''A lot of it is still in the what-if stage,'' said an official of one major Connecticut military contractor who asked not to be identified.
The booth is big enough to fit four people comfortably, but on those Saturday nights, before the Raiders are sent to their rooms the night before a game, it is filled by a party of one, a 6-foot-8-inch, 280-pound defensive end.
The Museum of Native American Cultures near Gonzaga University is one of the best Indian museums in the country.
Among the other members of the singing cast were Louis Quilico, who sang the role of the High Priest with martial sturdiness, Ara Berberian, as the Old Hebrew, who carefully chanted his warnings, and Morley Meredith as the short-lived but dangerous Abimelech.
Mr. Hinckley's lawyers have asked Federal District Judge Barrington D. Parker to bar use of the document as evidence at the trial, which is scheduled to begin Nov. 30, and to order prosecutors to return it.
He charged that some 12,000 political prisoners were currently being detained in Iran.
Admiral Will, who was a resident of New York City and had a home in Deerfield Valley, Va., was 81 years old.
Professionals hired for the amusement and light industry of Orlando settled around the lakes and rivers that are abundant in the district.
Military sales go on without real interruption.''
JAMIE B. W. STECHER, New York, Dec. 7, 1981
Today, there is a heated debate within the Reagan Administration on the merits of East-West trade.
If they come up with negative things, every interest group will come out of the woodwork and pummel us to death.''
B-After losses from discontinued operations of $225,845 for the qr and $379,078 for the 9 mos...C-After $56,645 loss for the qr and $16,472 income for the 9 mos from discontinued operations; yr-ago results have been restated to reflect the discontinuance of Bernardi Bros and Perfection Electric Inc
Oil companies, jai alai and the Telex Corporation.
Sometimes the simplistic makes simple sense.
Mr. Hinckley's family, through a spokesman, said the suspect ''had been under psychiatric care,'' but added that ''the evaluations did not alert anyone to the seriousness of his condition.''
The Cardinals, 21-9, rebounded from a 2-7 start, to win 15 straight games and raise their hopes of going to the Final Four.
Though ''The Fan'' really isn't about the Broadway scene, certainly not in the way that Joseph L. Mankiewicz's classic ''All About Eve'' was, it may be the most authentic movie in years in its use of the theatrical milieu.
Prof. Eliyahu Kanovsky, an Israeli economist and analyst of Saudi oil policy, credits Sheik Yamani with correctly perceiving that price restraint serves his country's long-term economic interests.
''And what's more, I think I've solved the dessert problem.
So my lawn mower is snarling with the best of them - when it is not choking on great wads of bunchgrass or coughing through vigorous stands of clover.
They said it was the largest seizure ever of processed cocaine.
Meanwhile, the public's reaction to Mr. Mitterrand's nationalization of the 11 largest industrial companies in the country and his decision to abolish the prefectorial system, the backbone of government adminstration, was quiet indifference.
How much influence they have had on the respective campaigns is a matter of conjecture - Israeli politicians do not like to admit that it has been much - but there is no question that the slickness of American-style advertising has arrived in Israel.
- Budget cuts in alternative energy programs ignore the recently learned lesson that the nation cannot be dependent upon a single source of energy or a single group of suppliers, be it a cartel of countries or a cartel of businesses.
The hardest question to answer is what effect the cuts in the Health Department have had on the health of the people of New York City.
Laymen are fond of asking him where this all leads, if someday it will result in the discovery of new energy sources.
It is a system racked by change and suffused by an irony: too many parents send their children to other schools to care about the plight of either the teachers or the schools.
Next stop: Baltimore, for the Preakness at Pimlico, which will be run two weeks hence, possibly with a split field if the owners of 18 or more nominees want to run their horses.
One color is red, the other brown.
''Pipes don't make noise, they conduct noise,'' he said.
Pennsylvania Power, $20 million of first mortgage bonds, due 1989.
''It's not just in New York,'' observed Abe Goldner, vice president of Samuel Robert, leather specialist for more than 30 years.
Many are closed Christmas Eve, Christmas Day, December 26, New Year's Day, Good Friday and bank holidays.
In fact, in 1980, a one-day survey found 1,660 patients in New York City (4,424 statewide) in this ''waiting'' situation, up 1 2 percent from 1979, and the average wait for a bed was 74.3 days.
Because Mr. White did not leap outward to an independent career the way such other New Yorker stalwarts as Edmund Wilson, John O'Hara and John Updike did - who published a distinguished body of material that would have been unpublishable there - one sometimes wondered whether he had sacrificed part of his potential for being a voice for himself by being the voice of the magazine.
''Too much poetry is written today which is effusive without form,'' she says.
In the made-for-television movie ''A Small Killing,'' which will be broadcast Tuesday on CBS at 9 P.M., he stars as a police officer who poses as a wino.
The black trade group says that it represents most of the black professionals.
The ranks of the volunteer forces.
The police, he said, believe the two men probably came to rob the convent.
Open to the public between 10:30 A.M. and 4:30 P.M. Monday through Thursday, 9:30 A.M. to 2:30 P.M. on Friday and 11 A.M. to 4 P.M. on Sunday, it contains perhaps the largest collection of materials in this country on the Nazis' World War II program to annihilate Jews.
But I had 15 great years in the opera house; I haven't had 15 years singing the kind of recitals I want to.
The politically sensitive settlement, originally worked out in the last days of the Carter Administration and revised by the Reagan Administration, was signed Thursday by Judge Joyce Hens Green, her law clerk disclosed today.
Camps for the handicapped, where such high counselor-camper ratios are most common, are of particular concern.
As soon as the mixture takes on the curdlike texture of cottage cheese, Mr. Viannay cuts the curds coarsely, lets it all rest a few hours, then pours the thick and lactic cream into two-cup plastic molds.
He called Mr. Tomlinson ''the splendid artist.''
Mr. Gramm, who helped shepherd the Reagan budget through the Budget Committee, said afterward that he was ''unrepentant.''
The only changes I made to accommodate its metamorphosis was to change the names of the people in the memoirand to insert this tongue-in-cheek disclaimer : 'The characters in this book are fictitious and have fictitious names.
This statement is one of several from a tape-recorded conversation that was excerpted and published recently in a foreign capital.
If ties to Saudi Arabia truly depended on this deal, they would not be preserved by five Awacs.
They Share Deep Roots Mr. Rebennack, Mr. Crawford and Mr. Newman have followed different paths since the 1950's, Mr. Rebennack working in rock and as a studio musician, the two saxophonists leading their own jazz groups and making jazz and pop records for a variety of labels.
''Their culture, their priorities -their feelings about life are so interesting,'' Mrs. Coolican said.
'Whispering Campaign' Cited The clash that was resolved today was set up last November, when Representative Thomas L. Ashley of Ohio, the chairman of the subcommittee, was defeated for re-election.
The Dow Jones industrial average, which had fallen by 20.46 points on Monday, fell an additional 10 points yesterday morning.
The weekend will be marked by flea markets, window displays, a quilt raffle, band concerts and traditional French food and song.
''Separating the fakes from the fine pieces can be difficult.''
For many years we've known that an actuarial imbalance existed and that the program faced an unfunded liability of several trillion dollars.
- The Interlaken Inn in Lakeville, Conn. (203-435-9878) offers a day package at $8.50 to $10 a person, depending on the entree: fillet of sole, seafood Newburg, beef bourguignon, quiche Lorraine or petit filet mignon.
Dr. Martin Luther King's activities.
''I wouldn't be surprised to see them sell off their refineries.''
Emergency unemployment offices were established, and Governor Evans met with various state and Federal agencies to hammer out an agreement to relax certain emission control orders for five years in an effort to make the property more attractive to potential buyers.
The proposed policy could intensify internal ferment and regional instability, precipitate a new Subcontinent arms race and a crisscross of increased Great Power involvement.
Swords were raised to new artistic heights by the Japanese, as we can witness in the display.
For the moment, OPEC has been able to step around the crisis by accepting production cuts among the highest-priced producers, those in Africa.
As he arrived at the pavilion, Bill Cosby, the entertainer, who grew up in North Philadelphia, remembered that ''as soon as the count reached 10, everybody in our project would rush out of the apartments and into the halls.''
The incongruous details and the pictorial beauty of the photographs (enlarged from 8x10 negatives) for the most part are kept in precarious balance - a balance that defines the nature of Sternfeld's achievement.
Alatorre hit Gault for a 12-yard pass on the first play of the game.
Joe had just celebrated his 21st birthday when he came to New York the first time.
The language of science is mathematical symbols, and many people get turned off by this as early as elementary school.
Mr. Yoshiyama joined Hitachi in 1935 in its electrical section and spent his entire career at its Japanese operations.
The county's northern residents will have easier access within six months when additional shops open in Mount Kisco and Mahopac.
The Venezuelan Press Agency said that Venezuela had invested $51.5 million of new capital in the project, thus raising its stake in Aluminios del Caroni S.A. to 72.1 percent from 50 percent, and reducing Reynolds's interest to 27.9 percent.
Now you see El Salvador; now you don't.
Officials said some passengers had decided to stay in Beiurt.
That segment was not written into the script ''but it was planned,'' said an ABC spokesman.
To ease the culture shock of moving from the casual mode of campus dressing to the greater formality of the business world, Mary Fiodorek, the owner of Streets & Company, has developed a concept she calls ''the interview suit.''
Whether the owners make another move will not be known until the two sides meet again, probably in the next few days.
The board said such a decision, without enough proof, would be ''counterproductive to a good climate of regulation and the ability of New Jersey utilities to finance and provide safe, adequate and proper service.''
It would be a step in a downhill plunge.''
''Our experience is that brand loyalty is definitely not what it was in former years and there is considerably more brand switching today,'' Mr. Long said in a telephone interview.
Some department store chains or chains of bridal specialty shops do a bigger business than Kleinfeld's, but according to the trade, Kleinfeld's in Brooklyn moves more wedding gowns than any other single location.
Father Nugent, who is 59 years old, is replacing the Very Rev.
Mozart's E-flat Piano Concerto (K. 482) seemed, with its delicate coloring, almost to mock Schumann's struggles.
The 150 or so expected to attend, have settled for a restaurant across the street.
''He's not going to do any greater damage to us than Carter did,'' says Koch of President Reagan.
Danbury stopped all outdoor water usage 10 days earlier, about the same time that Stamford reinstituted a similar ban.
Early in the course, Mr. Hyman arranges for each student to take a seven-hour battery of psychological tests, followed by an hour-and-ahalf talk with a psychologist.
Yet the sad fact remains that productions in this country of ''Der Freischutz'' - not to speak of Weber's other two major operas, ''Oberon'' and ''Euryanthe'' - are rare indeed.
There were no reported injuries from the quake, which hit the Imperial Valley farmland 140 miles east of San Diego, but damage to buildings and homes was estimated at $1 million.
Traditionalists will grouse, of course; weaned as they were on historic democratic theory, they'll bemoan the demise of the party system, wherein voters were confronted with at least minimal policy alternatives.
Are there ramps for wheelchairs and are the halls wide enough to permit chairs to pass?
That time came last week, in a hush-hush air shipment to Madrid that attested to the work's continuing power as a symbol.
On the night of Lincoln's visit here, the candidate had been escorted by a new political marching club of 400 young men known as the ''Wide-Awakes.''
There seems to be too much just loose talk going around but it has been exaggerated out of all reality.
He is the son of Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Howson of Weston, Conn. His father is manager of fibers information systems with the Celanese Corporation in New York, and his mother, Joan Howson, is a customer service representative with the Postal Commemorative Society, a division of MBI Inc. in Norwalk.
They run fast and fly high.''
Even today, when Impressionism is universally beloved by public and connoisseurs alike, Pissarro alone remains something of a conundrum - an artist easy enough to admire in isolated examples, but very difficult to keep clearly in focus as a whole.
The President's Council on Environmental Quality said in Washington last week that 5 to 15 percent of all species of birds in the world could become extinct in the next 20 years.
He will play with a protective cast on his left arm.
In the fourth, Underwood walked the first two batters, then gave up a run when Tony Armas singled to shallow center field.
''You have to get these horses up for a game,'' he says, ''just like they were players.
That's what the theater negotiations will be all about - at what level, almost certainly well above zero on both sides, can a balance acceptable to both be agreed upon?
The guys got in foul trouble, and the bench was able to hold the fort until the key guys got back into the game.''
The offer, the details of which were not disclosed, was made last night in a meeting with Premier William Bennett of British Columbia.
The Reagan Administration is seeking to repeal the law that bars aid to Angolan factions.
Instead, the party has offered to expand the National Unity Front, the Communist-dominated popular-front coalition, to give the union and the Roman Catholic Church a political role.
Francis Coppola was on the edge of bankruptcy.
In this way it becomes a carefully positioned part of the bacterium's hereditary material.
The question involving our classification is to be a top-drawer one at our N.C.A.A.
Action Expected in Stamford Stamford is expected to declare a similar emergency tomorrow.
Hitherto unpublished fragments of writing about Middle-earth.
Preheat the oven to 450 degrees.
Not many players have this.
A judge ordered him to stand trial July 6.
But after dropping a 15-minute opening game of the second set that went to eight deuces and saw him with six break points, Teltscher won only three games.
The movements have to be honed, the natural hand-eye move ments that give you that extra split second, the split second it tak es to put the puck by you.
In a healthier Broadway climate, nostalgia wouldn't be omnipresent, and formula musicals like ''Barnum'' probably wouldn't be mounted at all.
In meat, choice cuts of roast beef are selling for $1.79 in some markets, and pork loin, good for roasting, at 89 cents a pound.
The Navy's proposed F-18 jet aircraft is an unnecessary addition to America's arsenal.
His first venture is an hour-long ABC Afterschool Special, ''Run, Don't Walk,'' which will be shown Wednesday at 4:30 P.M.
In almost identical words, Presidents Reagan and Brezhnev say they want to respe ct each other's most important interests.
Trading is to resume Monday.
Lining up in opposition were Senators Edward M. Kennedy, Democrat of Massachusetts, and Howard M. Metzenbaum, Democrat of Ohio, as well as John H. Chafee, Republican of Rhode Island; Harry F. Byrd, Jr., independent of Virginia, and John C. Stennis, Democrat of Mississippi.
One aspect of the approach should interest individual investors.
Shouldn't they also be entitled to tax credits?
The flavor of a Spanna 1968 from a producer like Antonio Vallana might indicate how the 1974 from the same man would taste in six years.
The United States Steel Corporation, the nation's largest steel producer, reported yesterday that its earnings in the 1981 first quarter more than doubled, to $270.9 million, or $3.06 a share, compared with $126 million, or $1.45 a share, during the similar period a year ago.
''I was working,'' he said, ''but I couldn't get that other show to follow up on 'West Side Story.'
Thus, the Assembly got to vote on such measures as a bill to provide Medicaid reimbursement for acupuncturists, another to use State Dormitory Authority financing to help a building project at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, and a third to create a state fund to help musicians buy instruments.
Sonmor, for the first time in the Islander series, found no fault with his team's play.
Recently acquired by Children's Health Publications, Children's Digest has been restyled in the same size and image of the publishing group's other offerings, and is its top-of-the-age-range offering.
Ceiling on Honorariums Raised The vote came after the Senate Appropriations Committee lifted a $25,000 ceiling on the honorariums House members can earn.
She was said to have turned down a job as head of the Australian Opera in Sydney to accept the new Lyric post.
In an opera, you cannot go back.''
Its tunnel-like chambers, in brilliant primary colors, branch rhythmically off one another to form a maze in which you wander at will, buoyed by music that seems to rock the work in heartbeat syncopation.
14 9 17 WILLIAM E. DONOGHUE'S COMPLETE MONEY MARKET GUIDE, by William E. Donoghue with Thomas Tilling.
A so-called Minie ball, which for all practical purposes is equally effective and needs no cloth patch, should also be allowed.
Both companies declined to comment on the price or structure of the proposed merger.
Last October, the New Jersey Casino Control Commission ruled it would grant a permanent license to the Boardwalk Regency, Caesars' Atlantic City casino-hotel, only if the Perlmans were dismissed and sold their ho ldings.
But the court held that state officials could not take court action to compel assessors to tax the property without proper hearings and procedural safeguards.
The evening at St. Clement's is interesting - in a technical sense, anyway.
Perry Ellis developed, with his usual wit, clothes for fashion individualists.
The usual answers to such slanted questions are: (a) Don't be anti-intellectual, (b) The job of government is to help upgrade people's tastes and fulfill unmet needs, and (c) The $172 million TV subsidy is not that much in the great scheme of things.
I have to kill the beasts that kill their stock or molest and destroy their crops.
Nonetheless, the boat's rating certificate, which makes it eligible for racing, was withdrawn by the Racing Union.
''The day the score was finished, I was in David Merrick's office when he phoned her.
While platform promises are notoriously perishable, defense promises are less so.
Now is the perfect time to start a compost heap for your garden; if you do not have a garden, a neighbor who does will appreciate the mulch.
''Even with moderate additions over the rest of the year, this will lead to a 1981 total higher than any yearly figure since 1962.''
But there are deeper reasons for opposition to Wagner's music.
Thus the Section 8 program is used mainly to rehabilitate abandoned or vacant buildings, or to build new housing for low-income people.
that Mr. Bailey said he would listen but would not discuss or negotiate the matter.
It now operates 13, franchises 10 others and is seeking to develop a new market in the Sun Belt.
TRENTON (AP) - Thomas H. Kean, a former Assembly Speaker, used a taped five-minute television commercial to announce formally his candidacy for the Republican gubernatorial nomination.
It is certainly one of the best.
When that acreage is added to the total, the acquisition program so far will have nearly matched the 24,000 acres projected for purchase in the first two years.
Much earlier, in 1934, he said this: ''I'm a two-fisted loafer.
As long as Joe was on the roster, Weeb Ewbank and the coaches who were hired and dismissed after him found discipline impossible to enforce.
Short of that, they seem likely to be so near to one that it would not be difficult for them to pick up enough centrist support to control the voting.
''It streamlines operations to have sanitation functions combined with environmental control,'' said Dr. Malcolm Hair, director of environmental protection in the Town of Huntington.
''There are a lot of unanswered questions,'' Senator Roth said in the letter.
''I am never resigned to such a possibility,'' he said when asked if a new war was likely.
It is Mr. Cohn who brings in most of the $5 million in annual billings to the 17-member firm, and he says that its business is litigation, not politics.
There's no ''perhaps'' about it, but there is an ingenious twist at the end to indicate that there is more than one kind of justice.
Pat Day rode five winners in seven mounts today at Arlington Park, including How Time Flies in the featured $21,300 Diamond Lil Purse.
Mr. Rangel wrested the 19th District from Adam Clayton Powell in 1970 and has grown stronger since.
That threat caused a tightening of security for the Pope's Turkish visit.
But while this is undoubtedly a movement in the direction of rationality, especially for women, it is conceivable that we, both men and women, will come to miss those irrational heights.
The vice president of environmental affairs has six directors reporting to him, heading the following departments: environmental surveillance, medical services, pollution control, safety and loss prevention, product safety, and occupational health.
It is 1:15 P.M. at the Maison Blanche restaurant, one block from the White House.
The conference was a beautiful experience - not simply for the joys of reunion with people we had got to know at a point in our lives when service and learning were paramount, but because of a sense of rededication and renewal to issues that demand our continuing and concerted attention in today's world.
If a ball came, would the well-dressed spectator leap to his or her feet, yank cover off racket and smartly return it to center court while the rest of the envious gallery applauded?
The President abandoned his practice of retreating from the microphone immediately after reading his prepared statement.
Led By Kevin McHale, who scored 11 of his 15 points, Boston closed a 19-point gap to 100-94 with 4:01 left.
Critics argue that there is no longer a need for any abatement program, that the program sacrifices too much in future tax revenues for the benefits derived.
Korchnoi had won three games and Hubner two, with three draws.
Public Has Reservations Despite the improvements noted by the study, however, many people still hold deep reservations about the ability or willingness of the state governments to act in the public interest.
Mr. Myers was indicted under the name Michael O. Myers because he uses the informal nickname ''Ozzie.''
He liked to help struggling young artists as well as older ones down on their luck.
''For a washing machine, the wait is more than a year,'' a young Polish woman explained.
Moreover, it is not necessary to switch over at one fell swoop: a change can be implemented gradually by working from the outside toward the center of the city.
Cars and light trucks, as previously proposed, could be written off completely in three years, and most other equipment and machinery could be fully depreciated in five.
''It's just the kind of knee-jerk response to affirmative action that messes everything up.
Every department, he said, had been asked to trim its budget to help with the problem.
The best source is The Wine Spectator, a twice-monthly newspaper that provides comprehensive coverage of the wine scene.
The old Boston and Maine Railroad, which first instilled such wanderlust in my illustrious brother Paul, no longer passes through.
Harvard has no drama school as such, but ''we give undergraduate courses at the extension school.
The Yankees split those decisions, but lost a big one yesterday when Cerone won the highest salary awarded in arbitration except for the $700,000 granted last year to Bruce Sutter, then the premier relief pitcher of the Chicago Cubs.
A court case could take many months to be resolved.
''This is the most killing one person has ever done in this city,'' said Capt.
The recycling project is the most expensive of 14 measures instituted at the Union plant to conserve potable water.
''The power of the veto has been proven, and now we're coming to the power of Christmas,'' Mr. Laxalt said.
The first part of the evening amounts to a brief history of the evolution of Classicism into Romanticism.
The Salvadoran Government publicly pleaded with the Revolutionary Democratic Front to come to the negotiating table.
He said that the flights ''are vital to our national security because of the murderous activities of the so-called P.L.O.''
Dr. Lowell Glasgow, an expert on infectious disease at the University of Utah Medical Center in Salt Lake City, suggested another possibility: The disease may be waning because of a change in the virulence or prevalence of the microorganism that causes it.
A spokesman for Continental, Bruce Plowman, said the directors had unanimously rejected the offer because it was ''grossly inadequate'' and not in the best interests of the Los Angeles-based carrier and its shareholders.
Dr. Gruber and other researchers have found that a fish that becomes stressed because of pollutants will first take shorter breaths at longer intervals than it would normally take.
By far the most impressive main course, however, was a simple but inspired creation, a combination of sauteed scallops with giant-size fresh water prawns.
Foot minimized talk of a ''split,'' saying these are ''defections.''
The scientists, in fact, can't even agree on which came first, the animal or the plant.
The day will end around 5:30 P.M. and cost $18.50.
Yellow warblers, lava lizards and geckos move about the beast to obtain small insects that the tortoises' plodding motion dislodges from the underbrush.
The ''Fort Ti'' ferry, which chugs along at eight knots, crosses one of the lake's narrowest parts - 2,300 feet - in six minutes.
Maj. William Campbell of the Air Force said that all those aboard the sophisticated missile-and-satellite tracking aircraft had been killed.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
He said the task of adding to such a ''modern monument'' as the present Breuer building was ''a struggle and an incredible challenge.''
But then the weakening of the economy, coupled with consumer resistance to those higher prices, sent sales skidding, 7.2 percent below last year.
The Met pays its stars up to $8,000 a performance.
And if he had one there would be a good play for slam.
These included a surcharge of up to 5 percent on the personal income tax in the area served by the M.T.A., a new method of taxing the profits of oil companies and a tax on the transfer or sale of nonresidential property in New York City.
She dropped a few spoonsful of goose fat onto the beans that were just beginning to bubble on the stove.
Joe Axelson, the league's director of operations, has sent a questionnaire seeking suggestions to a panel consisting of more than 100 general managers, coaches, players, administrators, sports reporters and sports broadcasters, and referees who have 10 or more years of experience in the league.
Pakistan today ordered the expulsion of four members of India's consulate staff on espionage charges.
I want to find out more, so I ask for time to talk with small groups of children from both schools.
Another four inches of digging through concrete and brick would have been required to complete the escape route, the officials said.
Every curved gesture fell into place with another, and when Miss Longley, strongly partnered by Mr. Poole, made these gestures more literal, Andrea Vodehnal's solos as a death messenger had a true inevitability.
The restoration plan is the most comprehensive in the park's 108-year history.
''Lee and Fred didn't make the necessary adjustments in terms of hard work,'' he said.
's, Thomas McNally and James Dunn, were cheered by 1,000 Social Democrats when they appeared on the platform at the conference.
The Council unfortunately drew its lines so that blacks and Hispanics would probably suffer a slight loss in representation - from 8 among 43 seats to 8 among 45 - even though their share of the citywide population had grown from 24 to 44 percent since 1970.
She was maybe being sweet, but it was very condescending.
His father is a vice president of the Avis Corporation.
No problem; schedule raisins and juice for 9.
The process starts with some sort of incident that takes a generator out of service.
Mr. Andrus had ruled out leasing because the four basins did not promise to produce much oil but threatened economic and environmental damage.
Some Congressional Democrats, he said, had discussed the possibility of just going along with the Administration and passing whatever Mr. Reagan wanted, in the expectation that the resulting cuts would result in such turmoil that huge Democratic majorities would be elected in 1982.
All but one passenger escaped and the captain went back for him and both perished in the flames that engulfed the plane.
But a check of the population figures in the suburban rings showed the black increases to be uneven.
Chief Caffrey said the permit was requested by Joseph Hurd of Meriden, a Klansman who is employed as a guard at the Connecticut Correctional Institution in Niantic.
''Architects could use the information to design structures against avalanche hazards,'' Professor Lang said.
WITH a Yankee banner as a backdrop, Ken Griffey put on a Yankee cap, smiled for the photographers and turned to confront his first Stadium interrogation.
Because of the lack of time before the primary, the procedural ruling made moot the merits of the case.
* Poe & Associates, Tampa, Fla., has named L. Garry Smith vice president-corporate affairs.
''It's a pain in my heart, that's all I can say,'' said Louis Plomitello, moving toward Queens on the E train.
In the view of just about every student of Soviet attitudes, the threat to Poland is not over.
His 72-hole total of 279 earned him $25,000.
The Hecla Mining Company reported a loss of $1.3 million, compared with a gain of $54.5 million in the first nine months of 1980.
--------------------------------------------------------------------- Barbara Slavin and Milt Freudenheim
On the surface is a placid scene of cabinet-style government, with a deferential White House staff limited to the gentle chores of coordination, and with a well-meaning though not well-briefed chairman of the board presiding at Cabinet meetings and conducting newly decorous press conferences at which even those reporters who consider themselves female piranhas are called ''young ladies.''
In the huddle, the play was basically Earl right or Earl left.''
Just as we can tell an Englishman's place in society by his accent, so the American writer has to find an idiom by which he can be recognized.
NBC, which has had Mrs. King on an exclusive network contract for just over a month for expert commentary during tennis coverage, will use her in that capacity during the Wimbledon coverage in July.
One defendant was fined $2,400, the other $2,500; and each was sentenced to spend 16 weekends in jail.
On the other side, Paris seems to be only vaguely aware of the depth of the Reagan Administration's commitment to its economic program.
While generally living well themselves and being accutely aware of the nuances of status in their profession, the creators of the Babbitts, Gatsbys, Snopeses and Sammy Glicks managed to establish a dark version of the American success story that has filtered into the general consciousness and become a popular point of view.
''The change in the state wine industry in the last decade has been terrific,'' said Dr. Robinson, who has devoted the last 38 of his 64 years to the betterment of the state's food and wine industry.
But that is not the whole picture, he added.
Officer Agrillo went to the driver side.
He is Archbishop John R. Roach.
This spring's lists show a lively interest in physical fitness, health, sexuality, pregnancy and childbirth.
As Mr. Norman makes clear, the international press began to pay attention to popular music and to young people.
''If I do decide to run, I will use it in the campaign, and if I don't, I'll return it.''
EULA BINGHAM Assistant Secretary of Labor for Occupational Safety and Health Washington, Jan. 19,1981
In London, gold closed at $575.25 an ounce, just below Wednesday's $576 and also its lowest level since Dec 16.
In between he had been to the front, had endured his share of boredom in the trenches, took part in some real fighting, and was almost fatally wounded -he was shot through the throat.
Then the Ayatollah was viewed as neutral in the struggle, calling on both sides to show restraint and finally announcing the establishment of a three-member committee to mediate between the two sides.
Philo Vance, the creation of the pseudonymous S.S. Van Dine, was one (''The Canary Murder Case,'' ''The Bishop Murder Case'').
The rebel drive began Oct. 15 with the bombing of the Inter-American Highway bridge across the Lempa River.
The President thus revealed a powerful failure of imagination - and a critical flaw in his approach to the world.
10 MATTHEW ARNOLD: A LIFE.
Mrs. Patterson is working on a book on the Neapolitan artist Nicolino Calyo.
''There is the thrill of getting in a boat and having that raw power behind you,'' Jacoby said, ''running at 100 m.p.h.
If you didn't look at the number 39 in the age slot, there is no way you could tell.
She is a linguist; I have seen her sitting in her office with Gunter Grass, going over a translation line by line.
The bodies of the two dead men were also carried down to the helicopter base camp and flown to Talkeetna.
The Administration said that Secretary of State Alexander M. Haig Jr. had instructed the American representative to the conference ''to seek to insure that the negotiations do not end at the present session of the conference, pending a policy review by the United States.''
The Ludlow Corporation slipped 1 1/4, to 26 3/4, in active trading.
While Britain's urban troubles resemble incidents of the 1960's in the United States in the animosity shown toward the police, they also differ in many respects, particularly in the type of neighborhood where the violence flares.
Dr. Arvidson described the discovery in a telephone interview yesterday and at a conference early this month on continental rifting, sponsored by the American Geophysical Union, the National Science Foundation and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.
These are views of an addition to a Connecticut house, and they are full of notes and side sketches that create a feeling of involvement, even of intimacy, with the act of making architecture.
Analysts said this generally happened before a holiday weekend because investors are concerned that a major news development might occur during the market's hiatus and affect their holdings.
Miss Hallerman said that Spanish-language editions of Cosmopolitan and Good Housekeeping have achieved ''a rather substantial distribution'' in the United States.
The Republican state chairman, George L. Clark Jr., made what sounded like an unmeetable demand at a meeting Wednesday in Mr. Koch's apartment in Geeenwich Village - that, in return for Republican support this year, Mr. Koch should promise not to give active support next year to Governor Carey.
Now researchers are beginning to see a new aspect, one that they feel could eventually lead to the end of most severe wife beatings.
A secluded spot for a trailside picnic or simply quiet contemplation has become elusive at many of the popular ski-touring areas within a few hours' drive of New York.
Rona Barrett Returns The Rona Barrett saga has taken a new turn.
''We did not pay attention to what people were thinking.
The Iranian radio, quoting a military communique of the joint staff of the armed forces, said much of the fighting was concentrated near the western Iranian city of Marivan, which was recaptured from the Iraqis this month.
''I'd like to see more young men and women go into public life,'' said Mr. Baldwin, who has just been honored by a Wesleyan University program designed to encourage such participation.
Despite a reduced volume of oil imports, the nation's merchandise trade deficit grew to $6.99 billion in the second quarter of this year, the Commerce Department reported today.
The show will be held on the greensward of the Solomon Welles House -one of the 11 museums - overlooking Wethersfield Cove.
Since then, they have been found applicable to all living organisms.
Mr. Bani-Sadr spends nearly all his time at the war front now, building links with the military and being photographed peering over earthworks.
over dumping, made it clear that it was not agreeable to the new 106-mile limit.
Ellin Lee Isacs was maid of honor and Michael Sean Fox Moody was his brother's best man.
She should be carryin' nothing but gentry for passengers, or nice genteel luggage for the shooting lodges, but there they would be, spoilin' her and rubbin' all the pent off her with their coals, and sand, and whunstone, and oak bark and timber and trash like that.''
To propagate them, cut the offsets away from the parent plant, let the wound dry for 24 hours, then place the offset shallowly in a coarse potting mix kept just barely moist.
Tammaro asked, smiling and sinking a fork into the pie.
The dollar gained against the British pound but fell against other major currencies.
Mickey Colarusso and Mickey Visk, owners of a tavern called Mickey's Mousetrap in Colonie, N.Y., are bowing to Walt Disney Productions in a dispute over the Mickey Mouse trademark, which the company owns.
The Israeli military analyst said he was confident that Israel could handle the new strategic situation.
Defense Still Strong The Montreal defense, although weakened by absences of Robinson and Lapointe, has been the best in the league.
The kosher pizza shop on the edge of the campus is an island in a sea of bodegas.
''Matthau is a hit man who pulls into the gas station to use the men's room,'' said Lemmon.
He worked first in the Office of Management and Budget, then moved to the fledgling Environmental Protection Agency.
''There was no pressure to do this.
He collected $24,000 of the $100,000 prize for the Iditarod victory, which will be televised April 18 by CBS Sports.
In fact, some deserve the honor much more than several types of marchers routinely included.
The food industry, defined as ''commercial forces'' by Mr. Jacobson and including every segment from conglomerate farms to major food companies and mass feeders, was the villain in the discussion, to which food company representatives were not invited, according to a Doubleday spokesman.
James S. Brady, the White House press secretary, who was severely wounded in the assassination attempt on President Reagan, telephoned Mr. Reagan's national security adviser yesterday for a 15-minute discussion on foreign policy.
It followed soon after the union had called a one-hour national strike on Wednesday to protest food shortages and ''harassment.''
The bidding has shown that West has at least five hearts and that East has a long diamond suit, probably more than five cards.
Chinaglia said that he felt partly responsible for the Cosmos' situation because it was mostly on his recommendation that the team did not purchase players this year.
With these beds, operating capacity would increase to 5,934 by late next year if transfers and renovation work are finished according to the task force's schedule.
M-1B consists of currency plus interest-bearing and noninterest-bearing checking accounts at banks and savings institutions.
(Because of conflict of interest, most states forbid a promoter to act also as a fight manager.)
And then one day, Bob was out ...dismissed.
KDT Industries Inc. said it will close 50 of its Kings Department stores by the end of the year because of declining unit volume.
Smith will center a line with Tom McCarthy and Dino Ciccarelli, who has set the rookie playoff record for goal-scoring with 13 and needs one point to tie the rookie playoff point record of 20 set by Don Maloney of the Rangers two years ago.
The caucus, established in 1977 to improve the status of women, initially included all women in Congress.
This listing is based on computer-processed reports from 1,600 bookstores in every region of the United States.
Tax experts say the number of exercised options that qualify is likely to be relatively small.
McCormick managed to see the now obvious fact that the gagging of Near threatened all newspapers, most certainly including his own.
The candidates form the largest field of gubernatorial aspirants in New Jersey history.
They had been made into a team (which will work out of a New York office) by Binx Selby, a 38-year-old Colorado engineer, who has been flirting with the idea of such a magazine for eight years.
Conceptualism aims to engage the viewer intellectually instead of emotionally and is good, says Mr. LeWitt, ''only when the idea is good.''
Kevin Conway will direct the other two.
About a guy at the Savoy in London.
''The task of management, of leadership,'' the Prince explains, ''includes asking onself: 'If I were in that position, how would I like to be treated?''
Union leaders, on the other hand, say that the real problems of the industries currently in distress are high energy prices and the competition from imports rather than high labor costs.
Two other natural control factors are also taking effect: starvation and predatory ground beetles.
On some French menus it is also written as curry.
Either way, it's left uninhabited by Mr. Elverman's all too somnolent slumber party.
James A. Baker 3d, the White House chief of staff, told reporters today that the final arrangements would put the State Department in charge of numerous interdepartmental working groups but fewer than envisioned in a memorandum given to Mr. Meese on Inauguration Day by Mr. Haig and Richard V. Allen, the President's national security assistant.
He said they have a ''right to food and a roof.''
Glynn, a left-handed relief pitcher, won three games, lost three and saved one last year with an e.r.a.
The Comex, the leading metals futures exchange, had started a financial futures market in October 1979.
The decline was one of the largest ever recorded, city tax officials said.
HENRY M. BARTLETT Deerfield, Mass.
''We're moving in the right direction.''
With the establishment of Occupational Information Coordinating Committees in each state, mandated and aided under Federal CETA legislation, the program was made available to 35 agencies and public facilities in the state this year.
The Island Recreational store in Central Islip, L.I., was doing an extraordinary business in above-ground swimming pools and swimming pool supplies, according to the manager, Kevin Claeson.
This action was an effort to curb a sharp rise in the value of the Swiss franc that was hurting the country's export markets by raising prices relative to foreign currencies.
When at last he decided that politics might be important, he turned to Richard N. Goodwin, and it was an expensive fiasco.
Among them are cruises to the Amazon, expeditions to Australia's Great Barrier Reef and a birding tour of Iceland.
Rabbi Theodore Levy and Rabbi Philmore Berger officiated at the Persian Terrace of the Hotel Syracuse.
There's no point in my commenting on it and that is my position.''
It replaces about an equal amount of mileage of the former trail, which was located mainly on roads.
Molitor provided the decisive blow with a home run that eluded the grasp of a leaping Winfield.
The service would operate principally in competition with two other major national data transmission networks.
This low-budget independent film, made in and around Boston, is the second feature in what Mr. Egleson proposes to turn into a trilogy, the first part of which was the 1979 ''Billy in the Lowlands,'' which marked Mr. Egleson's debut as a feature film maker of arresting talent and command of his material.
After four games this season, the Cosmos have drawn 141,808 fans at home, compared with 170,243 last year.
The results were mostly in favor of Stravinsky and his "Rite of Spring," a score that Mr. Muti obviously finds very much to his taste and in tune with his temperament.
But critics of the move, including a recent director of the institute, said it was part of a plan to downgrade the agency and its role in protecting workers.
India has not commented on the charge.
The panel told Judge Raymond Harrington of Nassau County Court today that evidence presented during six days of hearings was insufficient to warrant bringing charges against Officer John McNulty.
One night everybody at the table had a Master's Degree and one had a doctorate.
For one thing, satin and taffeta often have a water-repellant coating which comes off in cleaning.
Moments later she was distracted by another big, colorful book.
He then cautioned, ''If the voters are repelled by sectarian dogmatism, they simply will not vote for us.''
Mr. Moffett did not say whether he expected the two statements to be the same.
You either wear furs or you don't.''
Prejudicial Publicity Denied The ruling also rejected the defense argument that the rights of Mrs. Harris had been severely prejudiced by pretrial publicity generated by the prosecution.
According to Todd Rosenthal, an aide to Mr. Batycki, the west branch diversion is needed now to insure adequate supplies while the M.D.C. explores other sources, including aquifers and even the Connecticut River.
Behind by 2-0, the Yankees overcame the deficit in the space of 11 fourth-inning pi tches.
Mr. Fisher paused to look it up under ''Shelters and Structures.''
They lived in comfortable surroundings in the Orange County ''bedroom'' community, where the average house costs more than $150,000.
It's a common enough misapprehension that the Grimms put together a bunch of fairy tales, but a better ''loose'' term for their Kinder-und Hausmarchen is domestic tales.
When you do your own things yourself, it gives you a lot of confidence.''
Color balance can be a problem when photographing subjects in shadow or under an overcast sky on daylight color film.
''The Four Seasons'' was written by the present owners of the restaurant with recipes by the chef, Joseph (Seppi) Renggli, edited by Barbara Kafka.
In the finale of the presentation, Mike Burstyn, the star of ''Barnum,'' and most of the 18-member cast will sing ''Come Follow the Band.''
That the greater threat may be economic was recognized by Gen. Wojciech Jaruzelski, the Prime Minister, who appealed for patriotic discipline.
There are some constructive ways he can use his pulpit.
We will not update or modernize the material.
In the 19th century, some smaller newspapers were printed only when there was news.
It was in 1947 that the first offshore oil well was drilled in the Gulf of Mexico near here, opening for exploration a new frontier that has produced riches surpassing those of the Klondike and that has attracted a succession of entrepreneurs and engineers, welders and divers, roughnecks and roustabouts all seeking a share of the black gold.
''Tommy,'' the Speaker replied wearily, ''I don't know.''
Garvey might seem like too much of a monument to leave Los Angeles, but as he knows from riding his father's bus, the Dodgers peddled Hodges and Duke Snider in their final years; forced Jackie Robinson into retirement by giving him away to the Giants, and dropped Furillo before he thought it was time.
Recently, dozens of decapitated bodies have been discovered.
Saudi Arabia is now charging $32 a barrel for Ras Tanura oil, but the other members are using an ''imputed'' Ras Tanura price of $36.
This little town with the luxury name could soon be the Houston of Michigan, the Tulsa of the northern woods, if the oil-@ and gas-drilling boom in progress here pays off.
The price has risen by only 1 cent since Feb. 11, Mr. Kessel said.
Arnie J. Katz, a projects coordinator of the North Carolina Land Trustees in Durham, a nonprofit environmental group, is trying to help farmers make up for lost time.
All will be shown at 7:30 P.M. at the Montclair Public Library, 50 South Fullerton Avenue.
''That's the Way It Is?
Finally, internal disturbance facilitates outside intervention.
''If he is under 16, he might get a beating.
ANGEL LANDING By Alice Hoffman.
The Reagan formula (''Get the Government off the backs of the American people'') certainly produced more votes - 8.4 million more.
Carter, however, is undoubtedly the most significant of these characters.
THE ROAD FROM HERE Liberalism and Realities in the 1980s.
The animal's owner discovered a grave containing two bodies, their hands tied behind their backs with dried banana stalks.
Toney, the rookie who scored 26 points in last night's game, including the deciding free throws, had 35 points tonight, but Cunningham was not impressed.
Tickets are $8, with special group rates available.Information 638-1758
The rains, however, are episodic; on the day we visited, the sun shone brightly.
Before the talks resumed, Robert Poli, president of the union that represents 15,000 of the 17,000 Federal employees who directly guide the nation's air traffic, said a walkout could be avoided if the union leadership felt progress was being made and if an agreement seemed near.
Some states are thought to be overgenerous when it comes to benefits.
Maybe a vital executive went to a Scandinavian restaurant one night and came out with a nightmare.
And the public did, too.
Chinaglia is the hub of the Cosmos' offense, their leader in the clubhouse and their last major international star.
They charge that the Christians are turning Zahle into a strategic post connecting northern Lebanese areas controlled by Christians to parts of southern Lebanon held by other Christian forces.
Roger Fessaguet, co-owner of La Caravelle, said: ''We overbook on Saturday night because then we get an average of 30 no-shows - sometimes 50.
In the mid-1970's he moved to Ireland to write a novel.
The department's budget is now $18.2 million; it was $15 million four years ago.
But ''Divine Madness'' was just to fill space.
Indones ian lemon duck was burned black but breast of duckling was rare, thi nly sliced and pleasantly garnished with papaya.
''They aren't going to come until the thing is all wrapped up with a little ribbon,'' said Walter McDonald, an energy consultant who formerly headed the Central Intelligence Agency's energy activities.
Last week Trans World Airlines began offering a $29 fare for daily flights between either New York or Newark and Boston - thereby matching the cheapest fares offered by New York Air and by Eastern Airlines' Air Shuttle.
Some senators want the Saudis to agree to some American control over the use of the planes to insure that the classified equipment aboard does not fall into unfriendly hands and to insure that the planes are not used against Israel.
With conventional graduated payment mortgages, the early deferred payments are simply added on to the later ones.
He is taken to a pharmacy where, in a courtyard containing a hen and a number of gasoline drums, four matronly women in white coats examine him and prescribe tranquilizers.
They all overlook the water, have no dress codes and offer relaxed, French-style service.
Dr. Taylor's chief aim is to amuse rather than to inform, but along the way he does impart some useful information.
The bureau's involvement was provided by the Reagan Administration as part of the Federal assistance package to the city designed to solve the murders.
''I had a bad back and a strained tendon on my index finger,'' Almon recalls.
Question:Sometime in the last few years the Travel section had an article about apartment or house swapping for vacationers; could you supply the names and addresses of agencies or publications that offer such a service?
These include bans on using fire hydrants for any purpose other than firefighting, on serving water in restaurants without a specific request, on flushing streets and washing cars or buildings with hoses or hydrant water, and on using water for ornamental purposes.
All three musicians withdrew from the project at the 11th hour, replaced by the soprano Susan Davenny Wyner, the conductor Chang Il Nam and the pianists Yehudi Wyner and Allison Brewster.
Not quite, according to the Postal Service.
Even the often critical economic weekly Anka Review wrote recently: ''Looking at the results of its implementation, the stability program may be deemed successful.
'' Holmes said he was asked, in his second appearance before the grand jury, whether he once said he was hurt by $5,000 he paid the W.B.C.
He said Lewis would not play again ''until I decide to play him.''
When Mr. Kwai opened the restaurant in 1975, the first cautious customers were Western diplomats and businessmen in Amman.
A New York insomnia program, assailed by state officials as a cover for the mass prescribing of the depressant methaqualone, is operated by a research director for one of the nation's largest pharmaceutical companies.
Judge Ryan's potential was recognized early, Mr. Kaplan recalled.
She has won six tournaments and Tracy has not played too much.
Interest in the model was held in a corporation, Norman B. Ture Inc. Its accounting records valued the interest in the model at zero, according to Mr. Intrater.
He broke alertly but never found his stride for his usual late kick.
When the mutinous civil guardsmen began surrendering last week, Spanish television viewers were treated to the unsettling spectacle of the soldiers supposedly ''arresting'' them clapping the rebels on the backs and permitting them to retain their assault weapons.
''He was rather frail at the time,'' says Mr. Rydell.
Two Staten Island men, Joseph Macaluso and Antonio Caruso, were found guilty of having helped Mr. Sindona flee to Europe under an assumed name.
Amid this political whirlwind, Mr. Sharon has drafted plans to separate the military and civilian functions of government in the territories.
That meant the shares were trading at an astronomic 80 times earnings.
One of the casualties of the change in the American automobile market is the annual fall new-car introduction.
But the public's growing concern about crime suggests that tough measures would have much political appeal.
This logic seems acceptable enough with later on: It takes us from our position in the present to a position farther along the continuum (to the right, since our culture conceives time as moving from left to right), as on implies continuation of movement in the same direction.
''It won't go up again until there's a whole new group of players.''
I think some people may remember that my commitment to Social Security and the people who are aged in this state goes back a long way.
It will appear at the Sadler's Wells Theater from December 16 to l9.
A report on the present and future of the museum, which teaches arts and crafts to youngsters and gives them a chance to befriend live animals, is due this week, Mr. Nash said.
Considering that each day costs $741, the savings to patients -and their insurance companies - can be great.
It reportedly favors a ''temporary worker program'' that would admit a fixed quota of Mexican workers for several months each year.
We are invited to convents more than anywhere else, even cloistered ones in the Middle West,'' Miss Desola said.
''The key to society protecting itself is to eliminate the Kitty Genovese concept of interpersonal relationships,'' Mr. Manahan said.
Today Mr. Zagaar said Libya would never reduce its oil price, although earlier this week he had indicated that it was ready to accept a lower price for the sake of a new general agreement.
Production from this mill will shift some 12 percent of shipments into rail products.
Sifco said it had paid cash for the newly purchased stock.
A special note with Riegers -never mist them or allow foliage to be wet as these hybrids are highly susceptible to the fungus diseases mildew and botrytis.
''I do not wish to welsh on any commitments made by the Government of the United States,'' he said of the agreement that freed the hostages.
I didn't have my best stuff this time, but your best stuff should produce a no-hit game, and I'm only human.''
MYRA SKLAREW SONG (For Tony Towle) A man gets lost in a storm and wanders into a strange bar.
Eastman Kodak, after climbing 3 1/2 points last week on an impressive advance in profits, rose 1 3/8, to 74 5/8.
The valid point behind the hyperbole is that - at its best - car stereo nowadays approaches the merits of a respectable mid-priced home system.
''Political decisions are primary, and institutional prerogatives secondary.
Our sons Tom and Bob are living with us.
Partial to tweeds, thrice-married (the family motto is ''I only look for one'') and educated through boarding school, Lord Northampton, 35, manages his estates, which total 14,000 acres of lush green English countryside and include the hulking 100-room Castle Ashby, which was formerly the family residence and is now open to the public.
Mr. Collins knows whereof he speaks, since he has been associated with fast-food organizations since 1968, when he joined the McDonald's Corporation as a trainee after a background in insurance and retailing.
Thomson-CSF, with headquarters in Paris, had 1980 revenues of $5 billion.
Both would pay 2 1/2 percent ''origination'' fees.
''He always thinks everything is going to be O.K.
From the ivy halls of the Harvard Business School to the executive spires of Manhattan to the low-slung plants of California's Silicon Valley, the criticisms are being taken very seriously.
L IKE every Administration worried about press relations, the Reagan White House is constantly devising new schemes to improve the President's image.
I lost money on the deal.
(Putting these in a show of postwar photography may be cheating a bit - the photographers really belong, like Cartier-Bresson, to the 30's.)
Only a year or two ago, owners of late-model full-size cars like the Ford Thunderbird or Chevrolet Impala, which traditionally sold well, felt trapped by their gas-swallowing beasts that some new-car dealers would not even accept at trade-in.
Dinners of pork chops and beef stew are served in the Sloatsburg restaurant, vending machines sell three daily newspapers and a gift shop offers browsers everything from stuffed animals to wooden desk plaques bearing the legend ''My wife has a drinking problem: Me!''
Fiat Auto lost 131 billion lire in 1980, including a 120 billion lire extraordinary loss.
''This isn't to damn Hollywood, but what they need there is the ready goodies.
His career scoring average, 26.4 points a game, is fifth-best in league history, behind only Wilt Chamberlain, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Elgin Baylor and Jerry West, and a fraction ahead of Bob Pettit.
Spouses and friends use a variety of strategies to make smokers more amenable to the notion of quitting.
And events such as the death threats made against the President by persons who had been in the state following the assassination attempt last spring also ma ke immediate and extensive investigative demands on the Federal attorney's office, he said.
''First,'' he says, ''was the pigeon sick?
''I did that seven years ago,'' Rijsbergen said, barely smiling.
Mr. Allbright started at Genesco Inc. about 33 years ago in its training program and moved into its retailing operations.
''You want to do what's best with your child,'' said Lindy Linder, who lives on the Upper East Side and wavered for months before deciding to send her children to Public School 158 at 1458 York Avenue.
A daredevil, Sohn usually dashes straight up the middle after fielding the ball.
You may have an image of Reader's Digest readers as nice, unsophisticated, down-home, middle American types.
Prince handpicked to direct the TV production, the major change involved cuts.
Hundreds of Palestinian students were in the streets and burning tires, they said, when a patrol of five soldiers came under attack by teen-agers with stones and fists.
Make that ''Classic Comics,'' which more accurately describes the level of this undertaking.
It will take that long for whatever impact the program has to work through the Consumer Price Index and other key economic indicators.
''That's probably why Nevada has the highest suicide rate of any state in the Union.''
He was the only man in the game to go to the free-throw line in the first half in a game in which no one fouled out.
If we knew nothing of Dove's achievements but the works assembled in this exhibition, he would still have to be counted among the most remarkable painters of his generation.
He did not allow a hit in three innings.
The executive producer is John Goberman.
The market had been expecting only an 11 to 16 percent decline.
In a letter to Mr. Santucci requesting that the body be exhumed for an autopsy, Dr.
''I go to the theater now and I feel no urge to be up there on the stage,'' she said.
''My people,'' Representative Ferraro said, ''really think that balancing the budget will cure inflation, but every study I've seen shows the reduction will be less than 1 percent.
The 98 are taking part in the first national all-star game for minor leaguers and they were selected from 217 teams that encompass about 10,000 players.
Ed Pinckney knew the feeling.
Until now, the United States, recognizing that it will be difficult to find volunteers for such a force, had thought that by publicizing its own willingness to participate it could persuade others to participate.
The department's duties have been assumed by both the Planning Board, on which several Republican committeemen serve, and a committee composed of Town Board members and other department heads.
''It really is a mess.''
Mr. Greditor noted that high interest rates have not been the only factor inhibiting beet and cane production, particularly in the poorer lands where soaring costs for energy rather than for labor have cut back on investments in the typical $100 million refineries.
Charles Center, the backdrop of Harborplace and the aquarium, is a grove of gleaming high-rise commercial buildings capable of holding hundreds of thousands of consumers.
But Alvin Silverman, a spokesman for the A.F.L.-C.I.O., said that the White House had not requested that union leaders take any such action to dampen dissent.
Mr. Gorski was loath to grant the request.
They will begin with the khayal, the most popular raga form in North Indian music today, a slow piece that moves gradually to a faster tempo.
He came through with a single but the Cubs won the game, 10-6.
It is the possibility that the colt is something less than the smasher John Campo has been talking about ever since the Wood.
Rabbi Fredric Kazan performed the ceremony in Prospect Gardens at Princeton University, of which the couple are graduates.
''Shopping has become a mode of entertainment,'' says Frieda Stangler, speaking for the mall's management.
Four other defendants for whom the prosecution had demanded life imprisonment - Hermann Hackmann, deputy camp commandant; Hildegard Lachert, accused of direct involvement in the murder of 1,196 prisoners; Emil Laurich and Fritz Petrick - received sentences of ten, twelve, eight and four years.
Mrs. Mirzoeff supplements the family income by playing backgammon almost every day, usually at the Mayfair Club.
Can you imagine being black and telling people in Bedford that you wanted to be an astronaut?
Ronald Lewis Jr., who was partly paralyzed by the accident on Nov. 18, 1978, and his parents received ''one of the largest'' product liability settlements in a nonjury case, according to the family's attorney, Irwin Gross.
Both arrived here in 1977, and neither has so much as a subcommittee chairmanship.
''I get the feeling now that everyone's getting more and more excited about the prospects,'' Brown said just as the 6-foot-8-inch Williams dribbled the length of the floor and dished off to a trailing teammate like a point-guard.
''That's all fine for you guys,'' snapped a marine.
Proposal in Works After the news conference, Steinbrenner spoke by telephone with Walker, and Walker said Steinbrenner promised a contract proposal this morning.
Terry Metcalf has been signed and traded to the Washington Redskins, the St. Louis Cardinals announced.
Bucyrus-Erie said the agreement had been arranged through a New York export concern, the Foreign Transaction Corporation.
The tournament director was a young West Point lieutenant named Alfred Gruenther, later to be famous as Eisenhower's chief of staff in World War II.
With the Soviet Union eliminating Czechoslovakia, 4-1, in the other semifinal game, the Canadian and Soviet teams will meet for the championship Sunday night at the Forum.
Governors and Presidents came and went, and with them an endless stream of officials, all of whom had to familiarize themselves with an increasingly complex situation.
''Money,'' says Dundee, ''was not why I stayed with Muhammad.
They said that at least one was linked to the Takfir Wahigra Society, a radical right-wing Islamic group whose name translates as Repentance and Atonement.
His 1948 book, ''The Computation of Orbits,'' was a landmark work in the early days of the space program and is still required reading in the field of celestial mechanics.
The Canadian dollar is worth about 83 United States cents.
Although the recent program for the fourth annual Communications Excellence to Black Audiences awards presentation lists 21 companies under ''advertising agencies,'' Barbara Proctor, president of Proctor & Gardner, said that only about seven are full-service, that is, equipped to do the whole job of planning, creating and placing advertising.
The museum has a well-stocked shop that sells prints from the collection, postcards and books on the West and on American art.
Operating in the same building is the regular neighborhood elementary school, with an enrollment of 204.
''I've taken a county that used to be Democratic,'' he said, ''handled a heavy debt that I inherited, elected candidates.
''It seems the more weapons we have, the less secure people really feel.''
But have the Soviets really acquired an advantage in what could be called the front line of potential conflict, in the weapons and men of conventional warfare?
The quiche gave off such an offensive smell that eating it was out of the question.
James Reston, a Washington columnist of The New York Times, called the Star ''the finest afternoon newspaper in America.''
The information on Mr. Haig's role in the Security Council debate was first provided as a result of questions from reporters on what the Secretary was doing about other parts of the world while he was in Asia.
In its 1980 annual report, Shell attributed the gain to increased production from the Belridge Oil Company properties acquired in December 1979, and Shell's ability to limit the decline in other United States production.
He says he is being persecuted for his racist views.
It's different from bringing a guy on a Fulbright to the United States.
He is Joseph Duffey, who used to be the head of Americans for Democratic Action.
There would be a free concert, the invitations said, followed by drinks and food.
''A lot of people are doing moonlighting or have second jobs in order to make ends meet, and if they're using their homes to run their second trade or business, this new approach will help them.''
Taylor smiled and attacked the sandwich.
* A. Michael Finn has been elected a senior vice president of Cunningham & Walsh Inc. * Sandy Sims has been named a vice president and advertising manager for Jet magazine.
An interview published in Chicago quotes the half-champion: ''Right now, if I were to decide between $3 million and my title, I'd rather have my title.''
''The costs, in terms of time, money and energy expended, are tremendous.''
Although he has some doubts about the next thousand, he met a bittern on the lookout for crayfish and sounding its slow, pumping ''piledriver's'' call, oong-KA-choonk!
He said the state must obtain design approval from the Federal Government, which provides 75 percent of the funds for the construction, before implementing the plan.
For 1981, the publisher expects to gross $17 million, a 20 percent increase in revenues, and hit 1,593 advertising pages, a 7.8 percent improvement over 1980.
But he said: ''We plan to reschedule another opponent for that date.
They were served mild and cookies every three hours to keep up their energy and left assuring another that it had been one of their most intersting experiences.
''Walesa was brought down a peg or two, but he's still clearly in charge.
Direct evidence from bones of the ancient Maya indicate that the common people seldom lived beyond the age of 40.
We have no more room.''
But those changes ranged from altering only one price to revising the entire page.
The remedy seems to be a system of post-inflation-war credits, to be paid when the economy again rests, as it must, on a sound basis.
In addition to repealing its internal licensing standard on commercials, the agency repealed a licensing standard that had required radio stations to devote a minimum percentage of their air time to news, public affairs and other informational programming.
A kind of vicious circle has arisen, with the actions of one side precipitating countermeasure by the other.
The celebrations here this week have provided an opportunity for New York Republicans to have a bit of fun.
A period of 75 years is covered by the 90 black-and-white photographs, whose subjects include Italian immigrants, World War II soldiers and political scenes.
The airports were still closed to civilian traffic, and air traffic officials in Frankfurt, West Germany, said Polish authorities had closed the country's airspace to overflights by Western aircraft.
For a 3-year-old, the world is much smaller, but in that world, everything is new.''
''Tragically,'' said Dr. Sack,'' a high proportion of student athletes complete their athletic eligibility and leave school without an education or a degree.
The contractors' appeal of that ruling resulted in tomorrow's proceedings before Judge Vincent L. Broderick in Federal District Court.
The Northern Mining Corporation has a 5 percent stake in the venture, Cra Ltd. 56.8 percent and Ashton Mining Ltd. 38.2 percent.
However, under the legal principle of ''equitable remedy,'' the judge ruled that Miss Marvin was entitled to the payment of $104,000, equivalent to $1,000 a week for two years, which was the highest salary she had earned in her career as a singer.
The equity market's advance yesterday was aided by the thrust of the Dow industrials through the 880 area that had served as a ceiling since early September, according to Paul F. Mangels, a technical analyst for Bache Halsey Stuart Shields Inc.
Your looks will go and your career will go and you'll fade into the sunset.
''Joe Hardy, the director, told me to burn my three-piece suits and forget about law school and be an actor,'' Mr. Zien says.
It is also likely that you need more ventilation in the rest of the house.
She said that Yom Hashoah was a perfect time for Christians to look at their own attitudes toward Jews today, and to ask: ''What is it in my own background, my own teachings, my own liturgy or prayer services that in some way may have contributed (to the Holocaust)?''
Mr. Bronstein and his sister took him under their wings and escorted him to Macy's, where they bought him gifts and, most important, underwear.
It is an aphorism that may, by no stretch of the imagination, be applied to the state of the ballet in Tokyo, for that is where the ballet mentality of the nation is engendered.
The limited entry by CBS, the staff said, would not have any anticompetitive effect on national television markets because it would concentrate only in one locality.
This robust behavior has attracted the attention of corporations trapped between the need for money and the high cost of borrowing.
'Displayed Troubling Insensitivity' Today Senator Charles McC.
''They tend to be inclusive rather than exclusive.
The aide said Mr. Reagan was concerned that Governor Brown might shift the political balance of the court to the left.
Walter O'Donnell, Interstate's supervisor at J. Wiss and Company in Newark, a scissors manufacturer.
''Now that is an outrage.
Mr. Jacobs, too, needs to calm down his direction.
''Billy is not a character, but a mechanical device, which is pretty much the way Doug McKeon has been directed to act,'' wrote Vincent Canby, The New York Times film critic, who compared the script to ''processed American cheese.''
Although the payroll was always met, many of his top executives got together and voluntarily took a 15-percent cut in salary in December without telling Mr. Coppola.
He is still facing trial for slaying an X-ray technician in New Jersey in 1977 and two prostitutes in Manhattan in December 1979.
The police are also investigating the theft of more than 100 apartment keys from a locked room in the building's basement in a burglary.
That price was still slightly below the previous day's close.
From the way Jackson and Walker have talked in recent days, it seems as if Jackson wants to stay with the team, and it is conceivable that he would be willing to accept a contract that gave him part guarantees for two or three years, with services to the club after he retires.
Also, your sources for finding any of the chickens dealt solely with the metropolitan area.
Sometimes men and women respond differently.
Tax Reductions in Ocean Georgian Kolber, president of the Ocean County Tax Board, said that her board had granted reductions of 30 percent across the board on appeals by Pinelands property owners, whether the land was in the inner Preservation Area, where the plan bars almost all development, or in the Protection Area, the surrounding buffer zone in which limited development is permitted.
It is almost suicidal to contemplate a short-time mortgage while granting long-term leases at rents that are adjusted only for operating-cost pass-throughs.
Moreover, the union will bring to the federation's 35-member executive council, its ruling body, a political and social viewpoint that is generally regarded as more liberal than that now prevailing.
I belt into a lot of those up numbers.''
''There are just not as many opportunities today for the established actor,'' says the producer Elizabeth McCann.
B-Includes gain of $15,740,000 on sale of patents and knowhow
There is no limit on the candidates' use of their own funds under the Buckley decision of the United States Supreme Court, which held that it would be an infringement of a candidate's rights to restrict his or her personal spending in the campaign.
Only 28 percent approved his re-election two Sundays ago.
As a start, the Administration should send a co mmunications-wise ambassador to Unesco in Paris.
Then Manager Joe Torre called for his bullpen ace, Allen, who had saved nine games in 12 appearances in the second half of the split season.
This is not, of course, an exhibition primarily, or even predominantly, of stained glass.
But they wasted a chance in the eighth when Doug Flynn missed a squeeze bunt and two runners were picked off base: Mazzilli off third and Frank Taveras off second.
From Icarus to the space shuttle, with a farther step forward (backward?)
High prices for 17th-century Ming furniture include the $27,000 paid for a pair of cabinets, $26,000 for a display cabinet, $26,000 for an altar coffer and $17,000 for a yoke-back armchair.
Government and the auto industry should together undertake aggressive advertising and information campaigns to convince the public to adopt these two simple rules.
In the meantime, there is a lot to be done in the two capitals to reach even an understanding of what they are talking about.
Among those who differ is another past president of the bar association's family law section, Lawrence H. Stotter of San Francisco.
No nymphs, no fauns, no satyrs.
There is an overall way of aligning these trends so that they become complementary and strengthen the West instead of splitting it.
And to those who are not admirers - even to some who are -his work may suggest little more than a number of unemployed young men named Oofy or Tuppy or Bingo calling one another ''sport'' and ''old bean'' while they borrow money from their ancient maiden aunts, enter into questionable engagements with girls named Hermione or Honoria at country-house parties and think up endless euphemisms for drink.
Carlos Baker, his biographer and the editor of the letters, doesn't think so.
Miraculously, they all seemed here.''
A visit in Mr. James's office in the West Wing produced evidence of other reasons for this slowness.
When Collier's Weekly and Scribner's magazine began giving him pages and double-pages of full color, his name became viturally a household word.
There was also a Detroit flavor in the evening concerts when local groups sometimes preceded the stars.
He was batting 17 for 53 in a season that may now be over.
Grand Isle County, made up of four islands and a peninsula all joined by causeways at the northern end of Lake Champlain, offers some of the state's best waterfront scenery.
''The law is supposed to be final, but they've kept putting out new regulations,'' complained Robert H. Castles, director of expatriate services for the accounting firm of Arthur Young.
''Some faculty members see the plus-minus system actually as an incentive,'' Mr. Lamar said.
He played on satellite circuits, said he ''got overtennised'' and returned to school for one semester, then went back on the satellite circuit.
Now he will be in charge of Parents, Young Miss and Expecting magazines, the Read Aloud Book Club and the Model Builders Club.
Routes and rates for chore lovers The Journey To reach Sugar Hill by car from New York, take Interstate 91 to Exit 17 (Woodsville/ Wells River) and head east on U.S. 302 for about 20 miles.
What do you think Government's role should be in promoting more efficient energy use?
There is one cafeteria and one parking lot, for instance, and there is more informality.
As I have said often enough, breast of chicken is one of the finest substitutes for veal.
And here, in the end, the Black Death invaded walls no human enemy could penetrate.
It is one of those instant commercial complexes whose poured concrete walls seem to have been raised and stitched together overnight.
We had a lieutenant who got nervous and dropped us in 18 feet of water.
Marvin Miller, executive director of the Major League Baseball Players Association, announced early today that the players were on strike.
Laura was the stewardess in first class.
She is one of four women whose pictures will be on exhibition in the main New Rochelle Public Library beginning Friday through Sept. 10.
Mr. Marshall, 59 years old, was secretary to Gov.
Later - tentatively, it's scheduled for the fall - it will be installed in the Robeson Gallery at Rutgers-Newark.
If the money supply increased, the Street grew sick with fear over inflation; if the money supply fell, it trembled over a coming money crunch.
Morton Gould, who scored the NBC mini-series ''Holocaust,'' is also based in New York, as is Charles Strouse (composer of the Broadway musical ''Annie''), who was responsible for the piano-roll-like theme for ''All in the Family.''
But even if there are no leaks, the baymen believe that the sewer's operation will tip the chemistry of the bay toward greater salinity, a condition that favors clam predators such as starfish while cutting the productivity of clam beds.
A spirited, accomplished woman of 45 when he met her in 1907, she had a contagious zest for luxury and fun that filled a huge gap in Wilson's experience.
As a result, Miss Hazelwood said she hoped that her society, which limits its membership to those who prove they were born in Colorado, can some day become a political influence in the state.
But saving American jobs that way would cost at least $50,000 a job, no bargain for consumers who'd be paying higher auto prices to benefit workers who are already America's best paid.
National Champions Elite four with Coxswain - N.Y.A.C.
Every viewer of public art is a legitimate critic.
The company, with Mr. Dubin as president and chief executive officer, was established earlier this year and plans to begin operations in January in New York and Los Angeles.
''Larry's sole motivation in going to New York was to help the Florida people who got into the Muir deal late,'' said David Ehlers, another former Muir broker.
Foreign Minister Felleke Gedle-Giorgis summoned West European ambassadors to his office this month and, as later disclosed by one ambassador, told them that ''pressure from abroad will not change our Government's mind.''
Other than that, we disagree on everything.''
''The problem is that there isn't much we can do, there's no choice.
The Irish Republican Army today buried Francis Hughes, the latest casualty of the prison hunger strike, with what it called the ''full military honors due a brave soldier.''
The war and peace hero, martyred.
While saying he generally supported the report, Mr. Dodd expressed opposition to a number of its recommendations, including a call for quick Congressional action to deal with acid rain, which is created when smokestack emissions are washed out of the air by rain or snow, because he believes more study is needed.
The Senator has called him ''an outstanding jurist.''
He wouldn't come home from school.
The magistrate also set another hearing for Dec. 22 to resolve the identity issue.
(The season's five plays have been scheduled for fourand-a-half-week runs, with three open spaces for possible one-week holdovers.)
Houses That Try to Defy At first glance nothing could be farther from the grandiose historical piles of Newport than the sleek wood and glass beach houses that cover so much of Long Island's South Shore.
He emphasized the complexity of the riots' causes.
''I'd love to say, 'Let's just test this,' but how are you going to do that?''
''There was not a piece of paper there in February,'' said Colonel Holland, who surrendered the embassy to the militants on that occasion.
Skinner passed 19 yards to Vic Wells, 67 yards to Rich Wagner and 38 yards to Dexter Hairston for touchdowns.
As currently constituted, the secession movement is doomed to failure.
Studies have indicated that the steady rise in the standard tax deduction, the so-called zero bracket amount, has made the deduction more attractive to taxpayers, costing charitable and religious organizations over $5 billion in the last several years.
The Buccaneers, suffering their third loss against four victories, scored in the second half on two touchdown passes by Doug Williams and a 26-yard field goal by Capece.
First of all, the plot complications were not especially inventive.
Among the towns with the most dramatic rise in sales activity were Newington, Bristol, Bridgeport, Danbury, New Caanan, Shelton, Stamford, Greenwich, Hamden and Madison.
The menu at the Benjamin Harrison celebration included oysters a la poulette, cold tongue en Bellevue, breast of quail a la Ciceron, terrine of game a la Morton, and pate de foie gras a la Harrison; among the desserts were bonbons Republican.
Suitable for late-afternoon into evening, this style is considerably shorter, baring the knees in the way preferred by the designer, but shipped to the stores long enough to cover the knees if the customer prefers it that way.
In the early part of the century, Ocean County was sparsely populated.
The answers, of course, are that the discounters generally offer only to take and execute orders - while the full-service houses provide research data, investment aid and many related financial services.
The concept is not to have the newness but always the rightness.''
''We need the security to be able to pay for our investment, as opposed to wondering every year that we might not have a market,'' said Pemberton Hutchinson, Westmoreland's president, in an interview.
But don't expect low prices.
Pension Fund Has a Big Deficit The legislation would insure that the pension system of the Fire Department, which has a $1.2 billion deficit and, according to officials, would be bankrupt by 1987, is adequately financed.
Ellen Sandler has given the play a straightforward production.
John Scott, president of Scott, Fitton & Company, real estate marketing consultants of New Haven: Areas of critical supply will be homes below $75,000 because building costs have escalated so sharply.
But he has assumed a leadership role in a difficult task, that of delivering the economic stimulus to the Haitian people that other well-intentioned outsiders have been unable to muster in decades of effort.
''They can afford to pay counselors more than we can, and just take additional expenses out of taxes,'' he said.
Wearing slacks, she sat on a banquette pushed against the back wall and she looked as if she was there to stay.
The only thing that develops, vacillates, takes unexpected sharp turns, deviates completely to include new people and circumstances, is the plot.
William A. O'Neill said today that he favored cutting spending rather than increasing taxes to eliminate a deficit in this year's budget.
The Venezuelan Air Force now consists of one light bomber squadron, three fighter squadrons and two transport squadrons.
Senator Alfonse M. D'Amato, who was among those who raised objections, said he was ''optimistic'' that the Reagan Administration would cancel the move, which is part of a national consolidation of regional F.A.A.
We're quite certain there's a market in Harlem for housing at this le vel,'' said Marvin Wilkinson, director of development and planning fo r the city department.
''There's a high percentage of divorce.
(They have averaged 13,295 on the road, with eight sellouts.)
It tied for second place with a J. C. Penney film in a contest conducted by the American Association for Women in Radio and Television, won an award for merit from the International Association of Business Communicators and it was nominated for an award last May at the Fourth International Handicapped Film Festival at Fordham University.
A Synonym for Preparedness At the launching ceremony, Mr. Vinson's grandnephew, Senator Sam Nunn, Democrat of Georgia, observed: ''Behind me is the mightiest naval warship ever constructed, the U.S.S.
The same publisher also offers, at $6.95, ''One Day Adventures by Car'' from New York City, by Lida Newberry.
What seems particularly sneaky about this practice is that, as in the case of the commercials or political spots, the public is kept in the dark about this mental and esthetic manipulation.
Moments later, a woman arriving from Florida said her flight was practically empty.
Wednesday's move to restore the corps' independent status was precipitated by the Reagan Administration's appointment in March of Thomas W. Pauken to be director of Action.
Potvin dived to intercept the puck, missed, and Payne had an easy shot for his 16th goal.
At his weakest, Mr. Hague's facility outruns his imaginative input, and occasionally an illustration borders on the gross.
But the Administration has decided to avoid public criticism of the Prime Minister's remarks because Mr.
Now the company is trying to broaden into the small-business area.
Regan's Absence Causes Comment Some irritation did develop over the last-minute cancellation by Treasury Secretary Donald T. Regan, for which the group got no clear explanation.
A 40-year-old woman was stabbed to death last night in a bathroom on the ninth floor of an office building in lower Manhattan, the police said.
Mr. Zamyatin, the Soviet spokesman, said today that the freeze was meant to include a halt in production of missiles as well as their deployment.
But when the Kings made the score 5-2 with less than five minutes left, many fans left the Garden.
Mrs. Mok also attended Oberlin Conservatory and Columbia University.
Since its inception two years ago, Treatment Alternatives, a division of the county's Department of Mental Health, has placed in facilities 800 alcohol and substance abusers and offenders in domestic violence cases.
He also urged that the Institute of General Medical Sciences be created in the health organization to pursue basic medical research without the need for scientists to submit ''contrived statements'' in support of their efforts.
Today, the musical scene in Moscow and Leningrad is a very closeknit one; even when a composer's works are not publicly performed, they are circulated eagerly among friends and colleagues, in the same way that Samizdat circulates manuscripts by Solzhenitsyn or the poet Mandelstam.
Walt just didn't let you know him.''
I know how this game is played.''
Later, when the chefs were relaxing over a glass of wine and happily sampling each other's dishes, Mr. Rude explained that they had been standing between her and her twin calves.
A lot of kids transferred or walked out on their own.
Over the years, these things have managed to effectively derail any chance that Conrail had to turn a profit.
Courageous Te Turner's 1977 cup defender, is being sold to a group headed by Dave Vietor of Ratsey & Lapthorn Sailmakers in City Island.
Texas Instruments plunged 6 points, to 108 1/2.
Straying From the Island Both Miss Egan and Surrogate D'Arrigo are native Staten Islanders, and some of the campaign turns on how far they have strayed from the borough.
He said, in addition, that, if Mr. Kirkland were working to build a more aggressive federation, he would be bringing in new, aggressive staff members, the kind of men and women ''who don't go home at night at one minute to five.''
Figures collected by the city for the Environmental Protection Agency show that at one air-pollution station at 45th Street and Lexington Avenue, there were 149 days in 1979 when the level of carbon monoxide exceeded the standard of nine parts per million.
The Government presented witnesses this week to buttress the view that the Marine knew exactly what he was doing in Vietnam and was not suffering from a mental disease serious enough to impair his thinking.
Dr. Caveness was chief of the Laboratory of Experimental Neurology of the National Institute of Neurological and Communicative Disorders and Stroke, one of the National Institutes of Health.
B-After $122,474 loss from discontinued operations...C-After $1 loss from discontinued operations
Crop failures, wars, plagues, eruptions of volcanoes, babies being born dead - they gave us the illusion that bad luck and good luck were understandable and could somehow be dealt with intelligently and effectively.
International A bigger military role in the Mideast by Washington was sugggested by Defense Secretary Caspar W. Weinberger.
The equipment needed for testing and monitoring is one reason the municipal agencies may be dragging their feet.
Be all that as it may, the art remains enchanting at whatever the level on which our experience or background permits us to meet it.
''I think it speaks for itself,'' said Henry Martin, a machinist from Local 700 in Middletown, Conn.
TAX-EXEMPT MONDAY Albuquerque, N.M., $13.9 million, rated double-A.
The closest town to Sequoia and Kings Canyon is Three Rivers, which has the Best Western Holiday Lodge (209-561-4119), where rates range from $29 to $33 for two people in a room.
Thus the middle class and the poor cannot find suitable housing because of the high cost of home ownership and rentals and because of a shortage of units.
Appeals Are Planned Mr. Errichetti said in a statement that he would appeal.
I wonder if Victor Tomseth would like to answer that.
I guess they wanted to give us time to think about it and worry about it.
At every balk and wobble, we ask forgiveness for our neglect and seek the blessings of a mechanic to heal the wronged machine.
A black fable of race and eroticism set on a Caribbean island.
He won a siver medal in the 1,500-meter freestyle in 1968 and was a member of the 800 freestyle team that won a gold medal in 1972.
''Salaries will have to become differentiated,'' Mr. Cremin says.
The challenger resigned tonight on his 57th move here in the Kurzentrum.
Jeffrey Kahane, 24, Piedmont, Calif., American Steinway: ... is indeed the poet that his colleagues believe him to be.
Evidence in a assassination attempt against a Libyan student in Fort Collins, Colo., last year has not been actively pursued by Federal and local prosecutors, according to officials in Colorado and in Washington.
According to Mr. Schwartz, help from the state is essential, but discussions with Governor Carey's staff have not got beyond a preliminary stage.
bonds to finance system improvements without some assurance that the authority would be healthy enough in the future to pay them back.
He knocked down Rojas in each of the first two rounds with right hands, but thereafter was more sluggish than slugging in scoring his 21st victory against two losses.
I felt I should've had it.
Through accidents, depressions, childbirths, I have always asked someone to help me home.
But his singing has consistently been underrated.
7 RANDOM WINDS, by Belva Plain.
Despite the close 52-to-48 vote margin, Mr. Reagan's first foreign policy triumph in Congress enabled him to demonstrate both to domestic opponents and questioning foreign powers that if he feels personally committed he can prevail on a major foreign policy issue against powerful, organized opposition and one of Washington's most potent groups, the Israel lobby.
One fan in the crowd of 18,276 in the Spectrum asked, ''Did you ever see a 7-4 guy become invisible before?''
To Mr. Westergaard, the high techs' purchasing of cash seems sounder than the conglomerates' purchasing of a low-multiple business.
Luckily for Augustyniak, the Jets' equipment manager, Bill Hampton, and Tim Davey, a front-office official who is a former assistant trainer, saw the player gasping.
Their belief is that the new computerized robots will probably transform industrial production and maintain their present advantages.
Earned Save in Relief May pitched one inning in relief on Monday, his first appearance out of the bullpen this year, and earned a save.
But one instrument in particular seemed to attract the pianists.
''I wish all this stuff was over so we could get back to normal.''
''It has been an enormously frustrating few weeks,'' said David Duncan, a student active in the effort to publicize Miss Webster's disappearance.
There was room for debate on this point, but no one contested his answer.
- Priscilla Hill, scoring high in her speciality, took a narrow lead over the co-favorites Elaine Zayak and Lisa-Marie Allen after the compulsory figures phase of the national figure skating championships tonight.
After the lead of the heart eight, a quick ruff was possible.
Spokesmen for the Assembly Democratic leadership and the Senate's Republican leadership said today that both houses would likely favor Mr. Carey's proposal, although they might insist on adding money for county jails.
''We were using up to 13 freshmen last year,'' he said, recalling his 11-14-1 season in 1980-81.
Those and three relay victories by Tennessee were the highlights of the final day of the 87th Penn Relays, America's oldest and biggest track and field carnival.
To the Editor: Since the title of my book is ''How to Stand Up for Your Own Rights & Win!''
Beard's book and his widely quoted Badnewsletter have gotten the worry signal months, even years ahead of the pack.
Add the bread crumbs, parsley, nutmeg, cream, the reserved quarter-cup of mushroom liquid, salt and pepper to taste.
Room rates - including breakfasts of juice, cold cereal, toast or rolls, coffee, tea or milk -are $17.50 to $26.50 for singles and $27.50 to $47.50 for doubles.
''During the meeting,'' according to the lawsuit, ''Durkin said that Grumman would be interested in Madison Fund buying a substantial amount of Grumman common stock.''
Since its debut was announced in February 1978 by its big Hamburg parent, the Gruner & Jahr publishing company, it has had three publishers and three managing editors.
But the more I write about business and money, the more convinced I am that new economic realities have made rugged individualism too rugged.
The fund remains hundreds of thousands of dollars short of its goal and, more to the point, far short of the demands it seeks to meet.
''This is only a first step toward returning power to the states and communities, only a first step toward reordering the relationship between citizen and government.
After entering the aquarium past an open-air seal pool, visitors start the tour a few feet above a dolphin tank where the animals are prompted by trainers to perform several times a day.
The spokesman, Richard J. Roth, said Senator Anderson had originally misunderstood the cost to be $41,000 a cell, which he thought excessive.
The Dutch grandmasters Genna Sosonko and Jan Timman proved their supremacy on their own turf, winning the 43d Hoogoven International Tournament in Wijk-aan-zee with identical 8-to-4 scores.
On the other hand, as Eleanor Smeal, the president of the National Organization for Women, observed the other day, when she lobbies state legislatures in behalf of the equal rights amendment, male legislators frequently say to her, ''When you women fight in a war, then we'll talk about equal rights.''
LAST weekend's final concert of the season by the Westchester Symphony was also its first under the baton of Rachael Worby, the young conductor called down from Boston to stand in for Raffael Adler, who recently resigned as the orchestra's music director.
In his four years as the No.
It is not that I condemn these men for being more successful than I in finding partners or friends.
That's not what they mean by sovereign independence.
However, cancer surgery can have disfiguring or crippling effects when the tumor is in or near a readily visible part of the body, such as the breast, neck or leg, or when surgery means loss of an important body function, such as speech following removal of the larynx.
women's championships took a stand for women's athletics before Title IX came along,'' Mrs. Berkey said.
This surely is not the time for Connecticut to revert to the go-go days of big deficits and bonded financing of daily government operations.
Mrs. Lloyd, who is seeking her fifth French title, said her biggest problem was the wind.
Poles close to the situation said they believed that the investigation of Kor was undertaken in response to Soviet pressure.
Veterans Luncheonette, 536 E. 168th St., Bronx.
Leonard Siegel, vice president of investments of Josephthal & Company, said that yesterday's drop in the market was also partly attributable to investors' concern over how the Reagan Administration will be able to reduce inflation while it is advocating sharply higher defense spending.
Letters A22 Flora Lewis: the neutron weap- ons muddle A23 Tom Wicker: Puerto Rico - an American colony?
Rhone Poulenc, the troubled French synthetic fiber and chemical group, led the rise on the Bourse, as the exchange is known, gaining 14.3 percent.
''Under Somoza there was no opportunity for people.
The cumulative evidence now seems to show that Mayan farmers of the classic period - roughly A.D. 250 to A.D. 800 - dug canals and built raised fields in the swamps for intensive agriculture.
The pelage of scoters, on the other hand, is most firmly fastened.
That treaty would have limited the S oviet Union to 10 warheads on each of 820 launchers, andto single war heads on each of 360 other land-based missiles - a total of 8,56 0 land-based warheads.
On paper, Pleasant Colony seems far from a sound bet.
Ray has time to spend with Jones.
And a certain kind of competence in the face of almost any adversity.''
For example: * How long can even an undoubted star like Mr. Reagan keep returning to the same well without drawing it dry?
The Treasury Department charged she had ''improperly'' withdrawn the funds, which were technically not available, although she had the authority to draw on the money.
To the Editor: Regardless of the merits of the Senate's efforts to determine by statute when human life starts, Arthur Steinberg's letter on the subject reveals the pitfalls of legal drafting.
Mr. Masselli faces another prison sentence today on his plea of guilty to charges that he took part in a conspiracy to manufacture synthetic cocaine.
The Nets were also missing Otis Birdsong, who is still recovering from a sore knee that has hampered him all week.
The service employees' union currently has 675,000 members and the retail union has 235,000 members.
The Katowice steelworks, where the starting up and synchronization of systems on the so-called steel line continues, likewise will be resuming normal production Monday.
The cameras moved in on them and the Moslem said, ''The holy Koran and the Bible go hand in hand.''
The case has its origins in an insurgent campaign for control of the United Steelworkers of America four years ago, and is potentially important for other dissident movements for union leadership that rely heavily on outside financing.
Mrs. Daniel was released about 7:45 P.M. after posting bond.
Everyone said so, and not just the magazines, even our friends.''
The field - wide, long, flat and green - is deserted; most of the crowd, and many of the players, are still watching a late-finishing game on the other side of the steel bleachers.
He anticipates where the ball is going to come down off the boards, and he overplays the lanes and anticipates the pass.''
But he said the federation remained under Mr. Kirkland, as it was under Mr. Meany, a conservative institution.
While watching the Simon film, I'd been laughing from time to time but not really enjoying it.
''Why do we have to throw $3 billion at really rich children at the same time that we are cutting student loans and student lunches?''
Reflections from one wave might be monitored at 100 locations and sampled 500 times a second for six seconds, yielding 300,000 numerical values, according to Carl H. Savit, senior vice president for technology at the Western Geophysical Company of America.
Maine lobsters are available most evenings, and the steamed ones we sampled were most attractively served (pre-cracked on a linen napkin with melted butter).
The child, Lauren Toohey of Kinnelon, N.J., was listed as ''critical'' in an intensive care unit at Children's Hospital, National news is on pages 26-41 and 66-75. where she underwent the eight-and-a half-hour transplant operation that ended shortly before 9 A.M.
The Steelers so far this season had displayed flashes of brilliance reminiscent of the Super Bowl teams and then some inexplicable mediocrity.
''Wyman seems committed to emphasizing CBS as a media entertainment complex in the broad spectrum of new technologies and not solely as a broadcasting company,'' says Joseph Fuchs, an analyst for Kidder, Peabody Inc. ''I see him as a solid, bright senior corporate executive.
I could hardly sleep it hurt so bad.
On hand to bolster Sony's claims at the presentation were Joseph A. Flaherty, vice president of engineering and development for the CBS television network, who said that the new Sony system ''is certainly going to have a profound impact on television,'' and Francis Ford Coppola, the movie director, who said he expected to use the Sony system on his next film.
Meeting an Important Start There was wide agreement among the 850 participants that the ecumenical event was, if not a total success, an important beginning in confronting some of these problems.
Went to Coast in '61 In 1961, he moved to Los Angeles to become vice president of programs on the West Coast for NBC.
In a more somber vein, the portrait of Alex Katz (1979) is also quite wonderful, and the one of Alexander Calder (1964) walking along a road in the French countryside is a real delight.
There are two other hot topics of conversation at dinner tables these evenings.
At the same time, 69 percent of those receiving loans reported that they did not find monthly payments difficult to meet after graduation.
Or did he have a special spot to ponder?
Next week, when Prince Charles sets out in the royal wedding procession in a gold-and-black carriage drawn by four gray horses, his two-mile route to St. Paul's Cathedral will be lined not only with many, many thousands of delighted subjects, but also with row after row of grim-faced policemen, many of them carrying guns.
Following its long Broadway run, the group has appeared all too infrequently in this area.
At the Biltmore Theater, 261 West 47th Street.
But in Vietnam, people often remark: ''Don't believe what the Communists say, look instead at what they have done.''
I found myself talking to him with enthusiasm, describing my summer in Florence and my trips to Siena and the other towns.
It was also to prepare the way for ''piggyback freight'' on Long Island, which would provide additional income to the railroad and help to stabilize fares.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
The election will be wide open.
''The peasant speaks through a golden horn, and his voice will be heard throughout the land,'' said one lawyer.
The union representatives bought large blocks of tickets at greatly reduced rates, and busloads of workers were brought to the theater.
The family owned a motel outside Zanesville, Ohio, on U.S. 40, the National Highway, and were prospering.
Recipes for eating well, losing weight and maintaining good health.
If you can't stand it, nothing on earth will make you change your mind.
But the works in Pueblo were never intended for public display.
For example: - The combined net earnings of the five largest domestic oil companies (Exxon, Mobil, Socal, Gulf and Texaco) amounted to $6.6 billion in 1978 and $11.2 billion in 1979, an increase of 70 percent.
Additional anchors have been secured, but Shell officials would not say when drilling would start.
I had every right to complain, and what do they do about it?
Thus, the word ''window'' gained a connotation of a small space or short time in which something important could be accomplished.
Eighteen cities in 15 states would not have opted for trade-in if it didn't work, and they make up a national constituency for improving the trade-in program further.
Some of the projects on the hold list have long been sought by New York City, and the city's representative here, Julian H. Spirer, said an attempt would be made this week to persuade the Reagan Administration to go ahead with them on the ground that other Government agencies had already given their approval.
After a penalty drop, Hayes hit his fourth shot into one of the bunkers.
The neighborhood has burst its traditional boundaries, spreading over southeastern Manhattan, moving into neighborhoods once solidly Jewish and Puerto Rican and all but smothering Little Italy, which is now but a two-block relic amid a jumble of Chinese dry-goods stores, vegetable stands and tea shops.
The Israeli-born Buky Schwartz presents an ambitious installation that was intended originally for the Whitney Biennial but proved to be too large.
The St. Louis bank, which has assets of just $153 million, has often been the leader in lowering the prime rate, which is the interest a bank charges on loans to its best corporate customers.
Murray L. Weidenbaum, chairman of the President's Council of Economic Advisers, said the new figures ''point up the need for prompt enactment of the President's economic recovery program.''
Silver was quoted in London at $10.23, up from $9.85 Monday.
Since her debut a year later, Miss Davidovich has become a fixture on the American musical scene.
This is the cruelest form of consumer exploitation.''
Egypt has contended that such a tunnel would violate international law.
Companies Texaco reported a 6.3 percent earnings decline for the fourth quarter to $500.3 million.
How much of the funds earmarked for education wind up in road repairs or are used to provide local property tax relief at election time?
There have been other reports, denied by officials, of violent incidents between Moslem fundamentalists and the authorities in Cairo.
There is no indication of what would happen if some major step - controls on foreign exchange, for example - should become necessary between now and the end of the month.
''Our series is unusual in that our programs go beyond music to cover dance and drama, too,'' said the association's president, Richard Schreiner.
Among the restaurant's dining rooms the 1781 cellar (called The Side Door) with its original hand-hewn beams receives informal diners during the week or later arrivals who come for light suppers, snacks or drinks, to chat or, on weekend evenings, to hear low-keyed entertainment.
Last November the Cardinal's office assailed the newspaper, saying its investigation was ''an affront'' to Chicago Catholics.
He said if the ban on importing coffee was ended, Turks might think all their economic problems were over, and they are not.
But whatever the temperature of Mr. Soloway's passions at any given moment, graceful and fluent good sense was never far away.
Mr. Simon won by a margin of almost 5 to 1, and one Betancourt aide said, ''We just couldn't break the hold of the Democratic line.''
Mr. Lefort's temperament was one of the factors he had in mind - he is not an admirer of the director - but he was also referring to the temper of the audience.
But when Miss McCrae goes against her inclinations and questions her invulnerability, her singing becomes a fascinating study in emotional ambivalence.
Printed matter makes up a large segment of the items on display, and one exhibitor, Kit Barry of Brattleboro, Vt., a collector and dealer who specializes in advertising trade cards and bottles, explained that in the 1880's and 1890's, advertising, fine printing and low cost produced outstanding examples of color lithography.
Crocker also owns three international banks, with Chicago and New York offices; finance and real estate companies in Hawaii; a life and health insurance company in San Francisco, and other real estate and investment subsidiaries, all of which Midland would be acquiring.
''The friendliness of the Japanese to Americans such as dependents living off base is just unchanged,'' he said.
Every winter my family would spend a weekend visiting an aunt and uncle who had a set.
''There was not the slightest connection,'' he said.
As much as we educators would like to think otherwise, the adulteducation phenomenon cannot be explained by knowledge needs alone.
A city probation officer now has an average case load of 189 - the highest in the country.
You wish that families be economically or politically induced or forced not only to subsidize the schools that you admit are inferior, even dangerous, but to make their children participate in the inferiority, as though the better student should be damaged or repressed so that the academically poorer school may subsist.
He thinks about it day and night.
''And even though we don't pay taxes on reservation land, we pay taxes in the stores, at the gas pump.
West Germany also offered to send members of its antiterrorist police units, according to Italian police sources.
The candidates are judged not only on their answers, but also on the ''elegance'' of their solutions.
The sources of Mr. Agnew's unreported income from 1967 to 1972 have not yet been documented at the trial.
Yet Tolstoy gives us the reasons for it in a metaphor so brilliant, so concentrated and so brutal that it might have been written yesterday.
The second, ''Here Come the Tigers,'' was inspired, to put it mildly, by ''The Bad News Bears'' and starred his 8-year-old son, Noel.
A spokesman for the Government agency said that, instead of a court injunction to block the merger on antitrust grounds, the agency had ''accepted in principle'' a consent agreement that requires British Petroleum Company Ltd., which owns 53 percent of Sohio, to sell the 6.8 percent interest that it also owns in Amax Inc., the big mining company that competes with Kennecott.
Northern Ohio's dance patrons believe an out-of-town tour with a stop in New York is mandatory for a company that aspires to the national prominence of the Cleveland Orchestra and the Cleveland Museum of Art.
It was played in the Lawyers League, now in its first season, and sitting East and West were Michael Radin and Philip Cowan.
He regularly offers restagings of neglected works from the company's past seasons.
Looking back on those days, even the shows that we considered schlock, like 'The Shadow,' maintained high standards - not like television which constantly descends to new depths.''
Corpoven, a subsidiary of Venezuela's state oil corporation, said today that a test well in the northeastern state of Monagas flowed 3,000 barrels daily of relatively light crude oil from a depth of 12,000 feet.
Mr. Guare was impressed with Mr. Spiegel.
The swallows of San Juan Capistrano have all but abandoned the earthquake-ravaged church to which the tourists flock each spring.
The base allowance for official expenses, such as stationery, sending out newsletters or renting office equipment, was increased to $47,300 a year, from $43,000.
When a club was led and the dummy appeared, South began to wish that he been willing to defend five clubs doubled, which would have been defeated by two or three tricks.
Since the Republicans control the Senate and the Democrats control the Assembly, each party had been expected to seek to preserve and expand its majority in its own house.
The city says it cannot afford it because of an estimated $41,000 budget deficit.
Why should those who do wear seat belts have to pay higher insurance bills because others won't?
''So one night the warehouse was broken into and the three thieves got caught.
The United States, for the first time since Poland's political and economic crisis began last year, accused the Soviet Union in a public statement today of ''interference in the internal affairs of Poland.''
A similar motion has been approved by the House Foreign Affairs Committee but has not yet reached the House floor.
Then use oxalic acid if you want a mild bleaching action (it comes in crystals which you dissolve in hot water to make a saturated solution).
Mr. Paisley estimated that the potential market for Capoten would reach $250 million a year by 1985.
Upon signing an agreement, a municipality has 30 days in which to give the commission the specifics of how it intends to use the money.
How tall was he, what did he weigh and what was his uniform number?
To a large degree, they said, it reflected the boom in real-estate activity in Manhattan, much of which has been accompanied by tax incentives offered to developers.
Governor Byrne signed legislation today authorizing a state income-tax form checkoff of up to $10 for a wildlife protection program.
''I haven't really been able to break into another market.
''Without harmony there is no meaning in life.''
Indeed, the study found a decrease of more than 13 percent in criminal ''victimizations'' attributable to those under 18.
As an Ashkenazi Israeli married into a Sephardic family, I am perhaps in as good a position as any to evaluate the interplay of these two cultures.
Betskoy, the Ukrainian A.A. Bezborodko, the poet G.R.
The Orthodox Jewish community in the Five Towns has won its fight to construct a mikvah - a ritual bath used by Orthodox Jewish women - in a burnt-out one-family home in a residential district of Hewlett.
He said once, 'You have the children, I'll take care of them.'
They gleam, they glint, they can be tied at the neck for a subtle hint of gold, and they are the best way to follow the metallic trend without looking overdone or outre, at $135 each.
I got my version into theaters, and it won four Academy Award nominations.''
And the Rangers, who were tied, 2-2, by the Quebec Nordiques Sunday night, do not have another game until Friday night, so Esposito would have missed only a few practices, with the approval of Coach Craig Patrick.
Restaurants Again, singular, but the Cotton House is respected for its Continental and West Indian specialties, well served.
Negotiated settlements for firefighters averaged 7.1 percent, while arbitration awards averaged 7.2 percent.
Mr. Rugilio called Tocom ''the leading producer of two-way equipment'' and the first supplier of a 55-channel two-way converter capable of operating over one-way as well as two-way systems.
However, new workers on the job by Jan. 20 were excepted.
The thousands of students who protested and picketed and sat in and were arrested were the combat troops in the war against Jim Crow, and the vasst majority were not members of the N.A.A.C.P.
The dough is folded over to make an envelope.
... Charlie Whittingham, who trained Providential II to win the Washington International and Galaxy Libra to finish third, went back to California with two new additions to his stable: Cairn Rouge, who finished fourth in the race, and Siapa Rajah III, the Malaysian entry who was ninth.
3 Counties Still Quarantined At present, a total of 3,935 square miles remain under state and Federal quarantine.
Our association, which represents the nonprofit nursing homes in New York (some of which have previously assumed the operations of felons' nursing homes) has recommended solutions to this problem to the State Commissioner of Health.
Perhaps a meeting between them took place in Ekibastuz, and Mr. Bernstein, in an unguarded moment, let fly a string of four-letter words in Vladimir Vesyolok's general direction?
* Shearson Loeb Rhoades Inc. has elected to its board Edward G. Jordan, dean of Cornell University's Graduate School of Business and Public Administration.
It's my experience when you bring the position board into the drafting room, you're in trouble."
He tells me that as sand goes this is very low-quality stuff and hardly worth trying to excavate from the toilet trap.
The ceremony was performed by the Rev.
''I know all kinds of little kids who smoke pot,'' said Miss Van Embden, who is 16.
THE MAPMAKERS, by John Noble Wilford.
At the same time, the roots of this modernism in the 1930's were echoed in the surrealistic occurrences that ''Serenade'' has always contained and in the decorative shape of some of its tiered groupings.
Their $300,000 high-technology vessel reached speeds of 30 nautical miles an hour a half-dozen times, and they made sailing across the Atlantic seem almost mundane.
Geraldine A. Ferraro, Democrat of Forest Hills, Queens.
Ten years ago, when he watched the games on ''Hockey Night in Canada,'' he could not watch himself.
Had Feared Intestinal Infection The fever started about two weeks ago and has been fluctuating ever since.
High school counselors say they try to guide applicants realistically and prepare them for the possibility of refusal.
Representative Elliot H. Levitas, Democrat of Georgia, urging renunciation of the agreement, said, ''The time has now come to make those persons who were guilty of violating international law pay a price.''
Senator Orrin G. Hatch, Republican of Utah, the subcommittee chairman, indicated that he shared the Administration's concerns.
They cooperate, but his views carry more weight.
''In researching this guide,'' Mrs. Baker said, ''we have particularly sought to encourage hotels and restaurants to improve their accessibility and we will continue to do so during this year and in the future when we update the guide.''
The newest to open even bears a similar name to one of recent vintage.
Such deductions save a company approximately one-half of the contributed amount, which is why corporations do make substantical charitable donations.
Yet, said Pepper, ''There are many voices sounding the call for retreat ... Social Security, they say ... must be slashed ... in order to make it possible to cut the taxes of many ... who hardly need tax reduction as much as the elderly need the benefits they are receiving.''
Third-quarter revenues were $56.6 million, down from $89 million in the corresponding quarter of 1980.
Each morning as I start out, I resolve to cleanse my mind of all but hunting.
Even allowing for the eightyear head start that F.T.C.
Mrs. Whittle, a Northwestern University graduate with a master's degree in English from the University of Chicago, said she believed she had an excellent chance of winning in November, noting that the combined vote against Mr. Del Vecchio on the Democrat and Liberal lines in 1977 - his last race - had exceeded the Mayor's vote, albeit only slightly.
''Catering for 12 people and for 700 is really two businesses,'' Mr. Driscoll explained.
In the meantime, like Larry McCoy (''Little Touches That Say She's Back,'' Opinion Page), I'm glad to have them.
She dreamed that English books were tumbling down on her, she said, and she invariably awoke with a scream.
In most cases, the treated person will get in touch with the individuals and tell them.
''These babies are not visually alert; they have low levels of irritability.
And underdeveloped countries push export crops, such as coffee and sugar, at the expense of food staples.
The saving grace of the Maps scandal is that Muhammad Ali himself apparently is not directly involved.
Jackie Sherrill, the head coach at the University of Pittsburgh, is another of Bryant's former players (Alabama, 1963-65).
Cutting is scheduled to begin Sept. 21, and there are about 4,600 cords available, with a limit of one to a family.
''It's like unveiling the electronic computer games,'' he said.
He also mentioned another, possibly debatable, function: ''It gives a woman something to do with her hands.''
Because the city has weathered the recession so well, he said, money will soon be available to hire l,300 new policemen, 225 sanitation workers, 375 firefighters, 336 correction officers and have $35 million left over to rehabilitate some rattletrap subway cars.
Newmont has agreed to let Consolidated Gold Fields purchase a limited amount of its stock.
The fact that she did so well at the Italian and French was a reward.''
I was tired, but I finished.''
At any rate, seasonal receptiveness toward the pleasures and promises of audio varies inversely to the outside temperature, which may be why most new audio equipment is introduced at summer's end.
''I was a student here like each of you,'' said the Queen, who seemed uncomfortable with the directness of several of the questions.
The domestic industry now casts about 17 percent of its steel through the process.
General Marshall, as the Russians should have known, had already had great experience in dealing with political problems.
''If we can regain our land by peaceful means, all the better,'' said Crown Prince Fahd after seeing the Syrian leader.
A one-year subscription is $19.50.
Television was trapped in another paradox.
Admission: $7.50 for each talk; $40 for the series.
Later in New York, the pound fell to $1.8785 from Friday's late rate of $1.8862.
Mr. Delaney, he said, ''has not, as mandated, been given the opportunity, as yet, to be heard.''
I still feel that in three or four weeks I'll be all right, but I can't help the team now.
''Racing doesn't frighten me,'' Redman said.
The shortage does not affect large industrial users of coal, such as Consolidated Edison, according to Frank Mohney, president of the Pennsylvania Coal Mining Association, because they use bituminous, or soft, coal rather than the anthracite, or hard, coal burned in homeheating units.
''So I started Jet Airways to help management teams get from Point A to Point B.''
"The progress is at least on hold, and could be rolled back" said Hayes Mizell, director of the Southeastern Public Education Project, an advocacy organization for low-income children and members of minority groups.
And as indicated by the box containing satisfaction statistics, most homeowners were satisfied with the claim handling by these companies.
Without treaty limits on Soviet warheads, the safety of the MX would require not the already unacceptable 4,600 shelters in the Southwest, but 8,500 by 1990 and more than 12,000 by 1995.
The project has assembled, moreover, some important and familiar faces from Stravinsky's years in America.
Everyone has to bend a little.
The amendment's sponsor, Representative Larry Winn Jr., Republican of Kansas, stressed that his intentions were ''not antiscience'' but merely an effort ''toward upholding the spirit of a responsible Federal budget.''
Meanwhile, bond prices eased in light trading as interest rates edged higher.
Only about $120 million has been committed so far on the loan, the lead manager of which is Manufacturers Hanover Trust, and the amount may not rise much higher than that, the sources said.
''I'm not surprised - that's his natural milieu in a crisis situation,'' said Dr. Margaret O'Leary, his wife, who was working in the emergency room at George Washington University Hospital last night as her husband went on television with the news that Mr. Reagan had ''sailed through'' his operation.
''America must never give the Saudis or any other nation the power to overwhelm Israeli's air defenses,'' Senator Kennedy said.
Friday's show found Miss Cook in excellent vocal shape.
''The major effort right now is still in the civil structural area, but we're also starting to press the mechanical and electrical areas,'' said Stephen R. Toth, Northeast's construction superintendent at the site.
(She now lives, one might add, more than half a mile deep in the woods at the end of a dirt road.)
''You have to understand my state of mind.
When this relay was completed in 1941, the world's first sonically adequate broadcasts spread over most of new England and nearly half a million people promptly bought or built FM receivers.
As the freed Americans testify, ''nobody's in charge'' there, which is why Iran's course can still be influenced and why this crisis probably was, in Bruce Laingen's word, an ''aberration.''
A suggestion that his words did not satisfy hard-liners emerged in the subsequent discussion, in which several Central Committee members demanded changes in the Politburo.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
This marked its initial response to Tuesday night's announcement that Dome Petroleum Ltd. would seek 14 million shares of Conoco Inc., at $65 a share, and then trade some of this stock for Conoco's 52.9 percent holding in Hudson's Bay.
Anthony P. Galli, 54, former senior vice president and management supervisor at N.W.Ayer/ New York, has moved in with Murtha, DeSola, Finsilver, Fiore, a design firm.
''Some very fine dancers aren't,'' says Robert Irving, the New York City Ballet music director.
The martyred sailor is a nonentity who, as played by Michael Albert Mantel, bears a disconcerting vocal and physical resemblance to the young Mel Brooks.
Then came word of another bill, not yet adopted, which would eliminate the capital gains advantage now enjoyed by hobbyists and investors who sell such ''non-productive assets.''
''I think everybody will try to be like the Reagans for a while.
Single-parent families, the widowed and elderly, nursing home residents, college students and new immigrants are some of the participants.
--------------------------------------------------------------------- Stephanie Pierson is a vice president and a senior copywriter at an advertising agency.
They did a great job of bringing the Easter joy into our hearts, and it was so good to see Americans once again.
Unlike the leaders of the Sun Belt region who have yet to learn that there are limitations to growth patterns, we should fully understand this fact.
Maintenance crews worked (words indistinct).
The 15 Senators who have suffered expulsion were charged with treason, not financial crimes; 14 were Confederate sympathizers.
It should not interfere with the shoe's shape or be overly visible.
''I have a strong streak of dilettantism.''
Switzerland is divided into three sections so far as language is concerned: French, German and Italian, and the cooking of the different areas has obvious borrowings from France, Germany and Italy.
Three other sons are at Long Beach State and one is in high school.
Moreover, the company is involved in almost all of this country's most exciting oil and gas discoveries - including the Overthrust Belt in Wyoming and Utah and the Tuscaloosa Trend in Louisiana and Mississippi.
The pealing of the bells in the steeple tower of Old Dutch Church, which dates t o 1659, will signal the opening of the fall festival at Kingston, the Ulster County town that was New York State's first capital, on O ct. 10.
How different is it working with students?
There is no independent evidence that it is as efficient as Mr. McFarland contends or that it can be manufactured at a reasonable cost.
For a musical whose visual delights were once associated with a distinctly lithographic look and sheer old-style splendor, ''Hello, Dolly!''
That leaves Iran, Libya and Algeria in a posture of opposition, but all these countries have sacrificed so much revenue by their price aggressiveness that they would not balk at accepting a broad agreement, according to James Tanner, vice president of the Petroleum Information Corporation.
The lead stretched to 68-48 with 5 minutes 23 seconds left.
order giving cable companies access to more programs.(D4.)
Rutgers chaplains and several other New Jersey religious leaders have protested the action.
Mr. Mehta has the Philharmonic's strings playing with as much sweetness and sheen as one could want, and he handled the teasing pauses and swaying rhythms with real sensuousness.
But there are a number of subjective and practical considerations behind the objective reasons for this decision, which were cited in a memorandum to the Mayor from his criminal justice coordinator, Robert G. M. Keating.
The film begins almost casually: Early morning.
Three teenagers and a 23-year-old man were accused of killing Officer Robert E. Walsh, who was slain Monday as he lay wounded and helpless after trying to halt a robbery in a bar in Queens.
''That's a factual case for the jury to decide.''
If you cannot see or reach the packing nut because it is covered with cement or plaster, then you will have to use a small chisel or old screwdriver to dig the cement out until the top of the cap nut is exposed and you can slide the socket wrench over it.
The pasta was al dente, light and completely satisfactory.
Each service had its own methods of training, its own interpretations of tactical doctrine, which it was not willing to relinquish, and, as a former Defense Department official recently said, ''On the basis of my experience, each service would want a piece of the action, and simply settling who was to do what, with which and to whom would be a major problem.''
The paper value of the 1.16 million shares that the fund acquired to keep them out of LTV's hands has declined by more than $17 million in the weeks since LTV abandoned its takeover attempt.
Library reading rooms during Christmas vacation (''....
For Redman the championship marks another milestone in a 23-year career.
He is married to the former Maija Annala, a Hood River woman of Finnish ancestry who he started dating when they were at Oregon State.
(6) The allies agree that assuring an overall military balance between NATO and the Warsaw Pact is fundamental to the security of the alliance, the enforcement of restraint and the maintenance of peace.
Hess has lived alone in the maximum security prison since 1966.
The leaders pointed out that Congress had already given him $35 billion in reductions from the current spending level and that some of his proposals involved deeper sacrifices from those who had already been asked to sacrifice.
Weights of animals being marketed are lighter, but hog slaughterings for the week are expected to increase from last week's figures, as producers conclude marketing of animals from last fall's pig crop, analysts said.
I couldn't leave even if I wanted to.''
The stock market ended moderately higher yesterday in active trading with the steel and the transportation issues posting the best gains.
Many executives of thrift institutions said they are worried about new competitive pressures.
You just keep diluting the water, and eventually, if there are relatively few coliforms, there will be no bubbles.''
The body of Jesus is unmarked, save for a neat slit on the right side of the chest and two holes on the feet that seem barely to have drawn blood.
The British and Spanish royal families are old friends and distant relatives - Juan Carlos met Sofia, a Greek princess, at the Duke of Kent's wedding in London - but Spain's powerful military were offended by Charles and Diana's plans to stop for an hour and 40 minutes in Gibraltar Saturday on their honeymoon.
Despite the new mobility, the Sithavadays have kept mostly to themselves.
International Seven Poles have been killed and hundreds wounded in scattered clashes with troops enforcing martial law restrictions, the Warsaw radio reported.
First, a glut brought prices tumbling down, then, last month, came news of a frost in Brazil.
Some business executives seem to feel that, if technology does not go so far as it once did in impressing the public, something more is needed - high technology.
The institute, run by the Army, is the Government's largest language training school.
Thus, Ford's actual gain was pared.
However, Mr. Hoff, who is now 56 years old, was not arrested until January 1979, after the police received information linking him to the crime.
He is guided through this affair - and concurrently through another one with a very old flame - by his late wife, Gillian, who comes back from the nether world like Elvira in ''Blithe Spirit'' (unlike Elvira, Gillian is in favor of new love).
If nothing else, citizens are confronted with steadily mounting riot bills, so far totaling more than $5 million in Moss Side alone.
Not since the 1974 bear market have so many quality companies been so undervalued.
The solo Mr. Balanchine composed for Mr. Tomasson in 1972 is the greatest choreography he has created for a male dancer, and Mr. Tomasson's brooding, swooping elegance conveyed the poignance of the idealism behind it.
That's the way it goes.''
In Cairo, the new Government of President Hosni Mubarak is still consolidating power against the Moslem fundamentalists and secular opponents of the treaty with Israel.
In addition, Fiat's Teksid steel division and Finsider S.p.A., the state steel holding company, signed a similar agreement yesterday calling for a study of ways to integrate some sectors of their production such as stainless steel and cold-rolled plate.
The United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit upheld Judge Pittman's ruling, but the Supreme Court overturned it.
But then, this is the season for the ''family show'' -a category into which ''The Fantasticks'' safely fits.
The closest word here would be goy - what Jews call non-Jews,'' she ventured with a laugh.
Millions of dollars were lost while hospitals, nursing homes and schools were forced into makeshift borrowing to meet expenses.
After the opening of the railway, what had been scarcely more than a hamlet developed into a town and became a magnet for top-drawer tourists from all over Europe, drawn by reports of the spectacular scenery.
Ed Thomas, a company spokesman, said that other days might be added to the program later.
He helped Mr. Loften invest in real estate in Manhattan, and he planned other investments for him that included gold mines in Arizona, mineral resources in Africa and diamond sales in Japan.
Miss McClendon, who runs a news service for several newspapers in Texas, said, ''Women are very interested in peace, and also Mrs. Sadat's been a world leader for human rights and peace.''
Pegging rates, they tell all comers, could be dangerously inflationary.
Before Mr. Marcos seized power in a coup in 1972 - three years after he was elected for a second, and constitutionally last, fouryear term - there were 1,000 to 2,000 Communist guerrillas in the New People's Army; before the coup, the Rand Corporation says, the guerrillas were not a threat to the Government.
On the basis of the photographs she had studied, Mrs. Richards did a water color portrait on a piece of old ivory from her personal collection.
In 1974 he toured Europe in one of those shows, a free-wheeling science-fiction play called ''Corfax,'' written by Wilford Leach and with a musical accompaniment by Bill Elliott.
That change would save $3.8 billion a year - more than twice the $1.8 billion the Administration wants to cut from food stamps.
They are stars only in their own backyards; they aren't ''on Broadway.''
A history of science professor, Derek deSol la Price, said the microscope consisted of a vellum tube with a wooden top, mounted on brass legs on an octagonal wooden base.
Dodge said, cork burns at a uniform speed, carrying heat away from the rocket while it disintegrates.
These transactions were announced yesterday: - Pacific Southwest Airlines, based in San Diego, sold the International Business Machine Corporation about $200 million worth of DC-9 Super 80 aircraft and related equpment.
The bridegroom's parents are Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Jr. of Richmond, where his father, a chemical engineer, is coordinator of environmental affairs for E.I.
But whatever the choice, common sense argues strongly against deciding to build the MX now - or at any time before SALT negotiations with Moscow can be resumed.
Federal Funds Rate Up Also weighing upon the market was a rise in the Federal funds rate, the interest charged on overnight loans arranged between banks.
But it was a late-night match, not televised, past most newspaper deadlines, therefore practically a nonhappening except for those in attendance.
Corbett wound up with 23 saves and a 1.99 e.r.a.
''At least that's the way we look on the State Department - as a member of a team, not an adversary.''
Mamby is the preserver of lost arts.
Stephen O'Brien as Bunthorne and Keith Jurosko as Grosvenor were perfect foils.
Boston: Houghton Mifflin Co. $12.95.
Will utilities that violate standards be heavily fined?
HARRY N. RIVLIN, New York, April 6, 1981 Harry N. Rivlin is dean emeritus of the Fordham University Graduate School of Education and a trustee of the Bank Street College.
Nobody's endorsed it with their life either.''
Orders last month declined 10.8 percent to the lower levels of the last nine months.
His comments did not cause prices to drop significantly yesterday, traders said, although one explained that the forecast by ''Wall Street's leading doomsayer'' is certainly one reason so many investors are not buying long term.
election parties scheduled by different candidates for midnight and beyond.
Andrew Davis made an impressive conducting debut with a ''Salome'' that had some rare subtleties to go with its crushing fortissimos.
The Legal Services program has amply justified modest increases in its budget, from $71.5 million in l976 to $321 million in 1980.
The agreement relates only to passenger cars.
To be sure, Bobby is an unusual child.
We already have that free passage because the custom of centuries decides unwritten law: if Spain, for example, were to declare its ownership of the Strait of Gibraltar, we would not recognize that claim.
At Christ's Episcopal Church in Rye, N.Y., yesterday, Sarah Stewart Lyon, daughter of Mrs. Frank Randolph Lyon Jr. of Rye and the late Mr. Lyon, was married to George Wallace de Menocal, son of Mr. and Mrs. Daniel Crosby de Menocal of Rye and Nantucket, Mass.
All neglect the fact that their settlements can cause inflation, unemployment, or lower wages for someone else since every individual settlement is so small that does not have a noticeable impact on the total.
''But I can hardly wait.''
''Don't quote me,'' said a radical Palestinian who obviously feared retribution from the P.L.O., ''but some reservists are nice guys.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
''When I moved in April,'' he said, ''the cheapest rent I could find was $135 per month and that was for an efficiency apartment in a tough neighborhood.
The synfuels fever has, thank goodness, broken.
''We moved our gear right into the basement of the Academy of Music,'' he recalls.
Referring to the commuters who come into town to work every day, he asked, ''If they go to the john once a day, how much water is that?''
The Soviet Union is Syria's chief source of arms and the two nations signed a friendship treaty last fall.
Henry A. Kissinger, former Secretary of State, left here today after a three-day private visit during which he conferred with King Hassan II.
Every fourth Sunday, while John D. Rockefeller Jr. was alive, one of his four sons who lived at Pocantico would come for a formal lunch at the big house, complete with flowers floating in finger bowls.
Once upon a time - to be specific, on Thursday night - it was raining at the Kitchen.
He referred to the Oakland Raiders' star punter.
In a comparative test, pigs inoculated with cultures from the Lourdes waters survived, but those inoculated with cultures developed from the Seine in Paris died.
Mr. Mulcahy does not know if the bugging plan was put into effect since he stopped working for Mr. Wilson in 1976, but he was involved in the Control Data contract long enough to have personally made at least one monthly payment of more than $1,000 to Mr. Cyr, these sources add.
The company has said that it plans to raise its share of the domestic car market to 16 percent by 1985, from 9.7 percent in June.
According to foreign trade experts, exports are expected to increase by 20 to 25 percent this year as a result of the new measures, and the growth in imports is being held to 5 percent.
''As You Like It'' suffers the worst; voices, especially Elissa Landi's, are distorted and blurred with irritating frequency; only Dennis King, as Orlando, makes a creditable impression in his speech and portrayal.
To the Editor: Enchanted by David Shipler's evocative description of Yom Kippur solemnity in Israel and intrigued by the headline of the continuation of his front-page story of Oct. 26 (page 8, ''Israelis Argue Over Role of Religion in Daily Lives''), I was all the more distressed to find only one side of the argument.
Usually when gardens are covered they lose their outdoor feeling.
Mr. Bosco has never really felt that his destiny lay in underwear; he is now spending most of his time and the family's money founding free libraries for the undereducated poor.
At the airport counter, you will have the option of paying about 10 to 15 cents for each $100 of ''excess valuation'' up to a maximum of $5,000, but not to cover such valuables as money, jewelry, securities, antiques and the like.
In announcing her plans to move into Cabrini Green the Mayor said she would remain there as long as necessary to make it safe.
''Women have always had a problem in athletics.
C & B Coffee Shop, 272 Grand St., Brooklyn.
The rate at which serotonin forms was shown to depend on how much of its chemical precursor, the amino acid tryptophan, gets into the brain.
He had two singles, one double, one run batted in and one run scored.
Television stations broadcast replays of the killing of President Kennedy in Dallas and of the attempts against President Ford.
Those of us who pay $100 to $150 a couple for a night in the city want to be entertained -we are not there to ''deal with what we are as a nation.''
ANOTHER person at the bar, a systems analyst from upstate New York who was on business in Philadelphia, said: ''The major thing is the loneliness.
Among the better entrees are the delectable golden brown roast chicken finished in a sauce enriched with wine and cream, and the mignonette of beef bordelaise, consisting of two perfectly seared slices of fillet in a silken red wine sauce.
NBC will report on the strike and re-broadcast the 1975 Cincinnati-Boston World Series on its Saturday afternoon telecast.
''There will be no conflict between me and Jim Essian, who is a very fine receiver,'' Fisk said.
In contrast, one never saw pictures of American leaders even during the so-called puppet regime of President Thieu.
Otis Hughley threw for two touchdowns and ran for one as Snyder (4-4-1) defeated Lincoln, 31-0, at Roosevelt Stadium, Jersey City.
And what is happening here, America, is this: the crown will supersede our American flag, a flag for which our doughboys have died for.''
The index of relative value: 19.
''Floating'' plate numbers have come about in the last several years as a result of gravure stamps produced on the eight-color gravure/intaglio press, which has the capacity of applying five gravure and three intaglio colors.
By last Wednesday, the number of minority applicants had increased to 100 blacks, 38 Hispanics and 24 women.
He was the author of ''Preschool Education: A Handbook for Training Early Childhood Educators.''
Mayors had protested the elimination of these earmarked funds because they required matching private funds.
It is a position that he developed as assistant director for executive management in the Office of Management and Budget, when he helped generate some of the early ''New Federalism'' ideas for President Nixon.
''Still, we're doing better than most,'' he said, citing much larger layoffs in nearby towns.
Settlement's Leader Arrested But the real reason for the eviction may have been different.
PHILADELPHIA (AP) - Jim Brown ran for three touchdowns and caught one of three scoring passes from Tink Murphy to lead the Temple attack.
The Lowell Thomas newscast preceded the program that was America's early evening favorite, ''Amos and Andy.''
I've been having fun, fishing, working at a restaurant, talking to people.
The really disturbing aspect of the situation in the Soviet Union today is not the size and scope of its military hardware, but the emergence of propaganda elements bearing a strong resemblance to those associated with Hitler's National Socialism.
The two-person vehicles, in use for 14 years, are to be replaced by a more maneuverable and sophisticated version, the Soyuz-T, that has now undergone four successful flights, including the one just completed.
Other families may have different needs.
Call Paseo del Rio Boat Tours (512-222-1701 or 512-225-6718) for information.
''She said three words, 'They took him,' '' he said.
He was the type who was always president of his class and the big catch.''
Of all President Reagan's domestic proposals one is especially significant, and revealing, in terms of political philosophy.
''Society simply did not see any of us.
''I leased the house for the July Fourth weekend in 1979,'' Mr. Carr said.
An official inquiry into the sinking of the Dutch cruise ship Prinsendam opened today with a tribute to the 319 passengers who left the burning vessel at night aboard lifeboats in the storm-tossed Gulf of Alaska last year.
Stainless steel is the least adequate because it cannot be easily sharpened.
But by tonight, the people of Brooklyn, Queens, the Bronx and Staten Island will finally be a substantial step closer to getting what Manhattan has had for a decade - cable television.
''He came across in a very human way.
A graduate of Cornell University, Mr. Poirier joined The New York Post in 1959 and later wrote for The Saturday Evening Post, Life and Esquire.
Thereby all talk about the possibility or impossibility of victory in nuclear war will become pointless - the question of nuclear war as such will be removed from the agenda of the day.
The layer is known in scientific jargon as ''depth hoar.''
Modern Methods Applied Intense training techniques, pacemakers, cash incentives, fast all-weather tracks and scheduling have contributed to faster mile times.
There is a feeling among Air Force planners that, even then, it would be unwise to be dependent solely on the shuttle.
Penguins 3, Capitals 2 LANDOVER, Md.
The Air Transport Association, which represents virtually all of the major domestic airlines, estimates that the industry is losing about $30 million in revenues daily, but the loss is offset by daily savings of $10 million in fuel and other costs.
Also the softball team, the tennis team, the basketball team and the baseball team.
6 tablespoons butter or margarine 1 cup all-purpose flour 2 cups Irish or Scotch oatmeal 1/2 cup candied fruit peel 2 teaspoons ground ginger 1/2 cup light brown sugar 1/2 teaspoon nutmeg 1 cup golden syrup 1/2 teaspoon baking soda 1 tablespoon milk.
There are probably almost as many people living in houses as apartments, with about 400 to 500 houses and 1,000 apartments.
Her mother gave the family what little stability it had, but she was a distant, utterly unaffectionate woman: ''Mama's coldness never ceased and I never ceased trying to prove to be good.
Indeed, common shares have become an increasingly common way for corporations to raise money.
''We sat in the woods and watched the whole thing,'' said Lieut.
Alvin Moscow, in his account of the disaster, ''Collision Course,'' said the Stockholm tore a 40-foot hole in the Andrea Doria's side.
There is indeed an upper crust of black Barbadians, and they hold political power and are spreading their stake in the economy.
Raymond Patriarca, 73, faces trial on a charge that he ordered the slaying.
Coach Ray Perkins said he had downgraded the availability of Carpenter and Harry Carson from questionable, meaning they had a 50-50 chance to play Sunday, to very questionable.The National Football League, which requires teams to keep the public informed each week on injuries, does not have a rating of ''very questionable.''
Chief O'Rourke said that the hoses had been delayed two or three minutes by a car parked in front of the nearest hydrant and a double parked car that blocked access for some pumpers.
You're earning what sounds like a lot of money, but you're not rich.''
During a transition period that was supposed to accommodate Bell's problem of disposing of its interest in the vast store of existing equipment, most of it leased to customers, Bell was to be obliged to maintain existing phone equipment through its regular - regulated - phone companies.
However, Congress voted emergency funds to keep the facilities operating through March 31.
There was also a rewritten, simplified aria for another character, Arbace.
Secretary of State Alexander M. Haig Jr. was told by King Hussein of Jordan today that Israel was responsible for Middle East turmoil and instability.
''I expect we are close to the peak in this particular phase,'' predicted Leif H. Olsen, chairman of the economic policy committee at Citibank.
Admission is $3; students, the elderly $1; and includes a ''Meet the Artists'' reception.
Nor did they seem to look upon the dyeing of hair as a vain or frivolous exercise.
''We would make certain in the first year to keep a very close check on a supervisor's technical ability and personality.''
I can't save anything, and Reagan's putting the financial pressure on us.''
New Ventures Reportedly Allowed In exchange for these concessions, Bell reportedly would be authorized by the court to enter some new businesses, especially the use of computers to link phone lines with data-processing units.
Mr. Rader, who writes for several magazines, refused and insisted that the editor go to Princeton, which Mr. Bradlee did.
Fingers of doubt begin to massage the mayoral mind as to why he bothered to pave the road in the first place.
At the American University of Beirut's agricultural station in the Bekaa Valley, a manicured compound dedicated to modern farming techniques, a specialist acknowledged with a sad smile that it was much more difficult and far less profitable to grow vegetables.
Beebalm (Monarda didyma and M. fistulosa): Whether they are called beebalm, bergamot, horsemint or Oswego-tea, these members of the mint family are lovely plants.
There is also a concentration of one-person households in different sections of the country, with Florida leading the nation with the lowest per-person households.
For not only is character largely unexplored here - and humor absent - but Mr. Moore tells his story in so perfunctory a manner that it is as if he is merely going through the motions of a narrative this time.
At the meeting, it was learned that any decision on the matter would be put off, at least until October.
Republican officials, including Senator Alfonse M. D'Amato of New York, who have a role in recommending candidates for the post to the President, have all but said he would not be reappointed.
Polovchak lawyers have challenged the Government's assertion of the limitless power to grant asylum, even to minors.
Mr. Reagan added, ''I wish that instead I'd left it out of the remarks and kept the piece of the form that they have to sign in my pocket and dramatically brought it out and read it.
To many analysts, the most remarkable aspect of Mr. Grohman's appointment is that it will make him the first president of Levi Strauss from outside the Haas family.
He's the greatest offensive rebounder to play this game.
Miss Steenburgen, Brad Dourif, James Olson, Debbie Allen, and Elizabeth McGovern were cast along with James Cagney and Pat O'Brien and Norman Mailer, who plays the architect Stanford White.
He took over when the senior fullback, Bryant Moore, was forced out with a separated shoulder early in the opening quarter after two carries for 9 yards.
In Peking, Mr. Haig began to talk in terms of continuing the unofficial ties between the people of Taiwan and the United States and refused to be drawn publicly into saying what he would recommend on sales of the planes.
Chase Manhattan said that certificate volume this week has averaged about 90 percent below last week's level.
Two days ago, while President Reagan was relaxing at his residence in the White House, Vice President Bush was 100 yards away in the basement Situation Room in the West Wing, conferring about Poland with the Administration's top national security and intelligence officials.
To Israel, those claims have seemed specious; there is always a majority ready to condemn Israel's raids on Palestine Liberation Organization camps in Lebanon but never the violence that provoked them.
Both are reported to be losing strength rapidly.
Everyone seemed to want him to.
If, however, it remains in a flock during the season of love, the genteel female starling, like a diffident maiden, does not lay eggs.
The world's major oil exporters failed to reach an agreement on a new strategy for preventing a further decline in oil prices in a glutted market.
The writers are, respectively, president and a research analyst of the Institute on Strategic Trade.
Victim a College Teacher Miss del Mazo, 32, who is a college teacher in Mexico City, was the principal prosecution witness.
Whatever approach is taken, getting a start is increasingly urgent, now that the high rates of interest associated with inflation have magnified the discrimination to the point where severe hardship is being wrought by the resulting rush of landlords to capitalize on the tax-avoidance potentials through conversion to cooperatives and condominiums, and by the result generating a scarcity, in many areas, of rental units suited to the needs of those not wishing or not able to make long-term commitments.
And at that time there were only two political figures or officeholders there - that I recall -former Senator George Murphy, then a Senator, and myself, as Governor of California.
At that point, Van Boxmeer took a long shot that ricocheted off Ruff in a crowd in front of Resch.
Cut in half, ''Francis'' might have usefulness as a musical sermon for young people.
Post Center, Long Island University, Greenvale, N.Y. 11548 (516-299-2395 or 516-735-7596).
''Oh, ga-aa-aay,'' she says - and we see the same triumphant smile of mischief she gave James Stewart in ''The Philadelphia Story'' as she feigned not to know the location of his hometown of South Bend.
He trails Tom Kite by $18,434 on the money list.
Robert Reid, the 6-8 forward who has improved in each of his four seasons, is also quick enough to play guard.
Our friends decided that life must go on.
Texaco yesterday rose 3/8, to 37 and Mobil, the unsuccessful bidder for Conoco, eased 1/4, to 30 3/4.
He forfeited his card and took off most of 1978 to work on his game.
Jack Tighe, chief scout for the Detroit Tigers, commented that Leary had looked ''great,'' and added: ''The catcher had trouble holding him.
Two Japanese men became the first climbers to scale the south face of Annapurna I in the Himalaya mountains and reach its 26,700-foot peak, the Nepalese Ministry of Tourism announced today.
European and other leaders that visit Saudi Arabia to secure the recycling of billions of Petrodollars into their economy are being pressed to accede to P.L.O.
Solemn voices drawl out pseudo objective observations, burying the audience in numbers.
Mr. Kellenbergerrefused to comment on the accident.
Robinson, 45 years old, ended his 21-year playing career in 1977 with 586 home runs as the fourth ranking power hitter in history.
''And we expect to invest another $30 million over the next five years.''
At the time, silver was selling for $5 an ounce or less at the mill.
It is easier, after all, to verify an absence of all nuclear weapons than an absence of some.
The project is the translation into English of the vast body of Buddhist scripture collected under the title of The Tripitaka.
If I did, I'd be apologizing my whole life.
No less can be said of the Baroque composer himself, and in Alice Tully Hall tomorrow night at 8, the canary cantata - or, as it is known in German, ''Cantate oder Trauer-Music eines kunsterfahrenen Canarien-vogels, als derselbe zum grossten Leidwesen seines Herrn Possessoris verstorben'' - will attest to Telemann's avicular skill.
The three old ones, all Communists, have lived for ''the Cause,'' committed ''the necessary murders'' and have come to know ''there can be no great dream worth a dram once human life becomes less important than the great dream.''
degree in July from Long Island University, was graduated from Boston College.
He linked the new venture to ''entrepreneurial spirit.''
But at the same time, they have had to cope with standards set by state regulatory agencies, and with the agencies' demands for better service to residents and industry in small communities.
Instead of claiming that the election was a mandate, Republicans should marvel at what Mr. Reagan, always dismissed by the intelligentsia as a ''lightweight,'' has been able to do without a mandate - namely, seize the leadership of economic policy and create a Congressional coalition around a set of tax and spending initiatives that represent a reversal, in spirit if not in effect, of a half-century of government.
A 'War Council' in Syria In Damascus, President Hafez al-Assad held what official reports described as a ''war council.''
Its anecdotal story concerns a man who leaves his wife and son for a male lover; the libretto is as much concerned with the comic contradictions of psychiatry as it is with the troubling vicissitudes of love.
's hard-line ''military'' wing kept on killing.
To the Editor: Having just returned from a driving vacation in Switzerland, my wife and I were delighted to relive some of the wonderful experiences through Helen Lawrenson's article on Lugano.
To put the matter in its simplest terms, consider a taxpayer who has $100,000 in securities yielding him $10,000 a year in interest and dividends, with which he pays the $10,000 a year rent to his landlord.
A chorus of ''ayes'' outvoted a chorus of ''nays,'' clearing the way for a musical season.
Lapka, who had been penciled in as a starter, will continue his rehabilitation program.
Mr. Treace joined the Richards Manufacturing Company in 1965 as general manager of its veterinary division.
''I started asking myself if I was good enough for someone to hire me,'' said Mrs. Le- JP SUB LADIES, C6 vine.
A recent report, published by the Council of State Planning Agencies, entitled, ''America in Ruins: Beyond the Public Works Pork Barrel,'' estimated that two-thirds of the nation's communities could not undertake modernized development until major capital investments are made in basic public facilities.
But with the shell the onstage sound should be better along with the sound in the hall.
They must know the game.
The only publication excluded from the decision was the Madrid evening paper Pueblo, which was once the organ of Franco's trade unions.
Theirs is one of literature's better wedding nights.
Mookie Wilson singled, stole second and scored on Youngblood's base hit in the first, but Schmidt put the Phils ahead, 4-1, with a thirdinning homer.
It might not be too far out to predict that many large manufacturing companies will need to add water experts to technical staffs to advise on water problems such as how to obtain clean industrial water, how to recycle water and how to handle liquid wastes.
greats Willis Reed and Hal Greer just missed being elected, according to Lee Williams, the Hall of Fame's executive director.
Women carry babies tied to their backs in shawls and enormous bundles on their heads.
Rumania won the bronze medal, defeating China, 72-62.
There are one or two journalists working for a particular paper who are agents and who receive from time to time instructions to publish this or that story once or twice a year.''
Lynnwear, whose principal apparel lines include P.J.
The paper was full of enclaves, and every desk had its own political line and policies.
We will leave it at the south, down the long narrow street of the Ghetto Vecchio, and there we may still feel some gentle emanations, wistful perhaps rather than tragic, of sorrows long ago.
The increase in credit to the banking system means ''continued rapid monetary growth,'' Mr. Kalkstein said.
At the Grist Mill, the guitarist Bucky Pizzarelli and the pianist Dick Wellstood will take turns playing solo sets from 2 to 5 P.M. Back in New York on Sunday evening, there will be a tribute to the blues singer Dinah Washington, a look ahead at jazz in the 80's, and an adventurous program of unaccompanied duets.
The measure of a running back is how many yards he makes when the blocking stops, not how many he makes when there's a big hole.''
Some money market specialists said that this was unusual.
It wants to build up the stockpiles immediately.
A second medic, Kevin Weatherlow, 22, was above ground.
Next time the Giants ought to give Bruce Harper all the tickets he needs.
We are just starting down a road that I believe will lead us out of the economic swamp we've been in for so long.
Kidder, Peabody & Co. Massachusetts Housing Finance Agency, $75 million.
''Take Lorimer,'' he went on, referring to the defenseman who nine days ago became the latest Islander to switch to a Rockies uniform.
It was inspired by Dilys Winn, the founder of Murder Ink, the murder-mystery bookstore on Manhattan's Upper West Side.
Law enforcement officials confirm that the investigation into the blasters' local that resulted in the indictment of Mr. Sanzo and nine other people began at least three years ago, and that Mr. Montuoro, a union dissident who was challenging Mr. Sanzo for the presidency, began working with the Government at that time.
Right now we're both going down together.
''In Victorian days, it would have been worn singly (46 inches long) around the neck, with its swivel end holding a watch that would be tucked away in a lady's jacket or vest pocket,'' Mrs. Kanter said.
Thus, the Legislature left it to the Governor to decide what to cut from the spending plan to fatten up the $4.5 million operating cushion.
The villain Coppelius, who appears in different guises in each tale as an incarnation of Lindorf, produces a bag of witty tricks and sight gags.
Here was the discovery of the evening, a wine demonstrating that what counts is what is inside the bottle, not necessarily what is on the label.
The tasting included six chenin blanc wines that ranged from offdry to dry but always provided the attractive fruitiness characteristic of the grape.
The company has built such plants in a number of thirdworld countries.
Right now he is the top suspect.''
The higher rates also make it more expensive to buy stock on margin, or by using a loan, as some stock is purchased.
It's funny that so many of the people who are singing about cowboys today probably never sat on a horse.''
''It wasn't until I wrote 'The Bodyguard' and sensed it was different that I realized I was writing an increased level of density.
Perhaps his sensibility, to judge from the piano concerto, is more suited to bracing directness.
The Goody trial prosecutor, John H. Jacobs, is a member of Mr. Puccio's unit.
Letter Called 'General' Uncertainty over the availability of Federal money to complete the 4.2-mile project as it is now designed has been central to the protracted bargaining between Governor Carey and Mayor Koch over the Westway.
62 percent replied more strict, 24 percent said less strict, and 11 percent said they did not know.
* Gulf Interstate Company has named Samuel R. Evans vice president with corporate responsibility for oil and gas exploration.
The largest projects, in which the institutions are expected to participate, involve new construction on which site work is just starting.
The signatures are in the process of being validated before the question is put on the ballot.
Visitors to Firuz can expect to see diverse folk and classical dances of many peoples.
For example, Richard J. Roth, spokesman for the Senate majority leader, Warren M. Anderson, a Binghamton Republican, said the federally enacted changes in deductions for business depreciation corresponded rather closely to a plan put forward by the Republicans in the Senate.
Normal Procedure Followed It is a normal practice in some complex financial investigations for prosecutors to bring charges against some lower-level participants in a fraud scheme while seeking their cooperation in investigating the main suspects in a case.
Newspapers Concerned Newspapers have been particularly concerned about the possibility that the Bell System may use computers connected to household terminals to provide a form of instant classified ads.
Nor was "Frankenstein" morally offensive: the money had not been spent to humor a self-indulgent director, but to build huge sets and special effects that were visible to the audience.
Block Grant Plan Opposed Democrats, and some of their moderate Republican allies, are also trying to scuttle Administration proposals to lump many social programs into ''block grants,'' which would transfer Federal dollars to state and local governments with few strings attached.
She is now Audelco's executive director.
That outburst and Mr. Curb's subsequent televised announcement of his candidacy, which some viewers regarded as stiff and unimpressive, brought a wave of unfavorable publicity and increased doubts about his chances of winning in a general election, where his most likely Democratic opponent will be Mayor Tom Bradley of Los Angeles.
''I can understand that,'' Watson said after a long pause to consider the impact of his manager's outburst.
As explained below, the retrogression found to exist in each covered county results primarily from the city's departure from its own nonracial plandrawing criteria.
Improvements in weapon accuracy are more than offsetting any efforts to harden silos.
(But who could tell for certain with that persistently heavy pedal?)
Yesterday's violence, in three separate areas of London, was the worst since rioting broke out in Brixton 10 days ago, causing millions of dollars damage.
In the first of a series of speeches aimed at putting heat on the House Democrats, Mr. Reagan declared that the changes he had made in his own program, including the scaling back of his original proposal for a 30 percent cut in personal taxes over three years to one of 25 percent, had ''made possible other tax cuts which I believe will be great stimulants to saving, investment and increased productivity.''
At its end there is a painting, much like a Wyeth, that places the viewer in a dark barn, its door ajar, and beyond it a bright, sunny field.
'Like Sandpaper' Other trainers could not be so confident.
''They are gifted, extremely fine talents,'' said Mrs. Hermanns, ''and we're delighted to be able to present them in concert so everyone can share our sense of discovery.''
The unions of the American Federation of Labor and Congress of Industrial Organizations are becoming the most dependable financial resource of the Democratic Party, with nearly $1 million in contributions this year.
But this month the bank filed a civil suit charging that a group of boxing promoters and two former bank employees had defrauded it of more than $21 million.
Tony Mason, the former University of Arizona football coach, obtained university money through lies and used it to pay star players, the prosecution told the jury that began deliberations today.
He has long been known for his tough approach to the Arabs.
Under the leadership of General Lucas, who became Chief of Staff in August, the army has begun to take the offensive more often instead of merely reacting to guerrilla strikes.
The Consumer Price Index is the nation's most closely watched indicator for inflationary trends, but the index's weighting system continues to draw criticism on the grounds that it overinflates inflation.
Why put them through the strain.''
The British unit is called News International Ltd. Mr. Murdoch's enterprise in the United States is known as News America Ltd.
Miss Mandlikova, the new heroine of her country, wore a white headband in deference to Wimbledon's color codes.
The agency also provides, through its Neighborhood Loan Program, mortgages for low- and moderate-income people in 41 urban municipalities throughout the state.
Thus, this weekend became a critical test.
'Don't you know where you are?
RESTAURANTS Do Rondo puts on a weekly prawn feast.
Nancy K. Brenizer, daughter of Mrs. Marshall Brenizer of Nantucket, Mass., and Dr. Addison G. Brenizer Jr. of Charlotte, N.C., was married yesterday to Neil P. Benedict.
''If you'll change for me this fifty, I'll write your boss that you are nifty.''
People in Wyoming are talking about rodeoing in July, while people in Alabama are talking about the Alabama-Auburn game.''
His playing flows along easily, but makes you listen, even over the distractingly muted conversation.
3MASTERING RUBIK'S CUBE, by Don Taylor.
He noted that the Canadian Government is expected to approve the additive for both powdered and liquid uses within a month.
''Once I got here I saw what it was like to be with a winner, and I really want to stay.
He was 87 years old.
Nevertheless, Mr. Hudson managed to create a celluloid Olympic world for $6 million.
The Secretariat staff's morale has suffered, especially when politicization reached its zenith under Mohammed Habib Gherab of Tunisia, who was Assistant Secretary-General for personnel.
and another on the phone to the Chamber of Commerce in the next town finding the best motel to hold the next sale,'' he said.
Why did ex-Communists inform on Communists, fellow travelers, casual acquaintances or innocent bystanders when the House Un-American Activities Committee was investigating Hollywood during the 1950's?
The Administration has boldly wagered all of Paul Volcker's chips on this possibility, but it is buying only time.
Her father, a retired Foreign Service officer, served as a member of the policy planning board of the State Department in Washington in 1978-79.
A $500 deposit is required before Nov. 2.
More than 80 percent of the organization's $11 million annual budget still comes from the 2,000 Americans who pay an average of $288 a week (not including plane fare) to live with a foreign host family.
Four small carriers, People Express in Newark, New York Air, Midway Airline in Chicago and Muse Air in Dallas, now offer savings of 30 to 50 percent over the cost of flying major routes on trunk carriers.
Such complicated cross-pressures clearly overburdened the public relations men around Mr. Reagan last week.
Local flora will show how long the color will last in your area.
A Merry Crowd of 150 The stewards circulated, bearing cheese on sticks, sherry and beer.
But in ''Rococo,'' he observed, the portrayal of the characters is relatively more stylized; the emphasis, more on showing how ''we seem to have a need to create heroes, and these heroes are created very often more through notoriety than through achievements.''
His grandfather, Edward Meyer, is president of the Penn Bank In St. Mary's, Pa.
Thoughts of new remedies were dismissed; the Administratio n's economic miracle would solve all.
And in San Francisco, Mayor Diane Feinstein said the walkout had cost the city $250,000 in rent for Candlestick Park, home of the Giants, parking taxes and concessionaires' wages, and was having a ''ripple effect'' on hotel, restaurant and transportation industries.
Two weeks of searches and interviews across the state have turned up no new leads, and a heavy blanket of snow throughout the area has covered any physical traces.
''The people are fantastic,'' she said.
Staten Island residents have complained about the possible loss of the hospital, as did Harlem residents about Sydenham.
MONTREAL (AP) - Three members of the Islanders - Denis Potvin, a defenseman, Bryan Trottier, a center, and the high-scoring right wing Mike Bossy - head the first contingent selected to play for the Campbell Conference in the National Hockey League All-Star Game.
''I did not go up.
(The bowl needs to be stable enough not only for the thrusting from the pastry blender but also for the rapid kneading that will follow.)
Two tournaments remain before the Avon championships in New York March 25.
An editorial in The Lancet, a medical journal published in England, says the definition is by no means as obvious as most people might think.
However, analysts noted that Texasgulf held an interest in an apparently promising well off the shore of Louisiana.
''I figure I could have killed somebody and been out of prison in less time than that.''
Prices: Appetizers range from $1.95 to $3.50 and main courses, including vegetables and salad, from $7.95 to $13.95.
The indictment indicated that most of the siphoned money was used to pay the bribes that Mr. Weiss was accused of accepting in return for causing Warner to buy 40,000 shares of the theater's stock for $250,000 in 1973.
Pitching With a Burden One of the reasons the slump continued last night was Britt Burns, the 22-year-old left-hander for the White Sox, who shut out the Yankees for seven innings.
Others are turned down because they are too good, too devout to appeal to the general public, and so they must go to the university.
The Department of Environmental Conservation and the State Office of Parks and Recreation will purchase the cove and the adjacent wetland with $408,000 received through the 1972 Environmental Quality Bond Act.
They would be worn in the same way as her custom-made snake-printed vinyl boots, which she wears to work with navy wool trousers and at night with silk pajamas.
Mr. Schoeberl said he based his order on a finding that the sale of investment diamonds amounted to a security transaction.
''I am not that way.
However, there wil l be many occasions whena second pair will be required so a pair of c hannel-type, offset pliers should also be included.
Does every motion of contagious imitation, when expressed in a responsive, intense, even literary prose, have to be seen as flirting with the demon, a ''passionate intensity'' that can only corrupt students?
''People are not happy with it,'' Dr. Golub said.
This growth in opposition, apparent through the summer in increasingly aggressive press campaigns, now appears certain to continue through the fall.
In a revue called ''Ballyhoo of 1932,'' in which he wrote songs for Willie Howard and Bob Hope, he found he could also write comedy songs.
Still, it has to excite thin-walleted music lovers to see someone in the arts lowering prices at a time when seats to a Broadway play have touched the $100 level.
Finding safe, effective contraceptives for females and males is as important an aspect of national health care as finding cures for cancer and heart attacks - yet the funding for such is insufficient and declining.
Volunteers come from varied backgrounds, from housewife to freelance writer.
In 1930, there were more than 280 such cities.
''It is much more economical that way.'
JEAN PAKTER, M.D., New York, April 29, 1981 The writer is director of the Bureau of Maternity Services and Family Planning in the New York City Department of Health.
Northeast also said that it would be hurt by the agency's decision not to allow the utility to recover $11.6 million from its Connecticut customers for money spent in planning a new nuclear installation in Montague, Mass.
In terms of fashion they are neutrals, just like black or beige, but they have more life.''
And who knows what the professions are going to be then.
''To keep Rather, CBS had to give him the anchor job.
Investors may feel that the appreciation prospects of the shares exceed the return they would receive on a debenture.
''It's good fellowship,'' said Grant Dillman, a Gridiron member who is Washington bureau chief for United Press International.
Ronnie Fein, who studied with Florence Lin and Dorothy Lee at the China Institute in New York, teaches cooking to small groups in her home kitchen.
But even the Mayor's detractors acknowledge what amounts to a virtual revolution accomplished in municipal administration by the Green team, which uncovered ample support for Lincoln Steffens's 1903 description of Philadelphia as ''corrupt and contented.''
Gene McCabe, a well-known display director and interior designer who created the interior design of Cartier at 52d Street and Fifth Avenue, died Saturday at New York Hospital after a brief illness.
A sadist named Joe Turner built the first of these contraptions in his basement in Corrales, N.M. Man's inhumanity to man took over from there.
I had a very weird feeling when I came out of the cinema.''
I asked him whether he was pleased with the arrangements and he said yes.
Also, it appears likely that Saudi Arabia will trim its production gradually over the next several months.
Anthony Zerbe's Uncle Ben, with his boozily slitted eyes and phony good-ole-boy manners, is a fiendish, pickled specimen of white-trash-turned-tycoon.
But what will he do for an encore?
High-ranking elected officials on both sides of the Hudson have been thwarted, too, according to the Jets.
The incoming Reagan administration has officially cast incomes policies into eternal hell.
Jay Triano and Stu Granger combined for 40 points tonight as Canada posted its first international basketball victory over the United States, 78-76, at the World University Games.
He noted that some commuters with longer distances to travel might encounter delays of an hour or more daily in each direction.
The cost to the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation to bring about the merger was not disclosed.
''I think we'd find we could have saved a considerable amount of money and a great deal of time had we done so.
I, too, was ''privileged'' to move tons of stones and loads of dirt and thrill to the opportunity to bring to life the history of Ophel.
But in the new fiscal year, his economic, social and political philosophy will be put to the test.
Anyone 12 or older may register tomorrow by calling 682-2416.
''Dallas has always been a great come-from-behind team, so I never felt we had a safe lead.''
And, above all, the confusion of wellmeaning people trying to find a phone, offering to move me into a station wagon, the fear that I might be moved and the certain realization that I must remain conscious in order not to be moved.
A number of men interviewed at the Keener Building on Wards Island said that they found the cheap hotels dangerous and preferred the Keener shelter, but that the setting was still ''degrading.''
He wanted $850,000, but has reduced his price to $800,000.
Mr. Gromyko is celebrating his 25th year as Foreign Minister and his 25th annual speech here.
Norma Rae in Cuba PORTRAIT OF TERESA, directed by Pastor Vega; story and screenplay (Spanish with English subtitles) by Mr. Vega and Ambrosio Fornet; director of photography, Livio Delgado; film editor, Mirita Lores; music by Carlos Farinas; produced by the Instituto Cubano del Arte e Industria Cinematograficos.
The old king, you remember, has discovered his young wife in the arms of the knight Tristan, his most trusted friend, which causes him such anguish that he declaims his miseries and disappointments at what generally seems interminable length.
The Refuge Christian Youth Center camp sits on 32 mostly wooded acres that ramble back to the banks of the Mississippi River.
Among the artists who are expected to make albums for the new label are Bob Dylan and Johnny Cash.
I hope I get it because I think I can do a good job.''
Unfortunately, this is not simply the story of the difficulties of a single company.
It was distributed to more than a dozen newspapers and to the news agencies, which transmitted a large portion of the series.
The White House said later that the President would be willing to ''consider'' holding an ''economic summit'' meeting with state and local leaders, a proposal made recently by Gov.
But he elected to try pro golf.
A lesser choreographer might have had everyone eventually stand upright just to give the piece a socko finale.
Party Leaders to Go on Trial Alpaslan Turkes, the party's leader, and 219 of its senior members face the death penalty in a martial-law trial scheduled to start next month.
The Chiefs rebounded with a 2-yard scoring pass from Bill Kenney to Billy Jackson and Lowery's first field goal, a 21-yarder.
--------------------------------------------------------------------- Heberto Padilla, who was exiled from Cuba in March 1980, is author of the forthcoming ''Legacies: Selected Poems.''
Merely maintaining the staff at current levels, the institutions reported, would require recruitment of 110 new R.N.
If the service is bad, the customer says, 'once and never again.'
He served as a lieutenant commander in the Navy Medical Corps and is a clinical instructor in orthopedic surgery at Harvard Medical.
Then Celedonio plays the first solo measure.
The quarterback Jim McMahon became major college football's career passing leader, throwing for 565 yards and four touchdowns to lead Brigham Young to the Western Athletic Conference title and an automatic berth in the Holiday Bowl against Washington State.
One of the two surviving workmen was rescued late last night, and the other was removed from the tank early today.
Someone who was exposed to that kind of thing is Lee Krasner, who for a long time was thought of - primarily by outsiders - as Mrs. Jackson Pollock.
So should the rare teachers who answer telephoned pleas for emergency help with homework.
NORWALK MORE than many other successful male novelists, more than many other surburban fathers, Evan Hunter has been thinking long and hard about fatherhood and the young.
St. John's remained in one of the worst scoring slumps in the team's history tonight as it went more than 11 minutes without a basket for the second consecutive game.
''We're getting hurt, but we're all laying back and waiting and having patience,'' said Jim Lagestee, a supermarket chain executive.
Vallen,cant is the skier who now sets the standards.
Still, among Japanese companies, Sony is ''probably the name American investors feel most comfortable with,'' said Katherine M. Stolts, an analyst for Morgan Stanley & Company.
In fact, as between doctors and journalists, who needs legal protection more?
MILLIONS of Americans who might otherwise heed the advice of health experts to let their feet, rather than their fingers, do the walking are discouraged from doing so by aches and other discomforts in those lowermost appendages.
* STATEN ISLAND FAMILY SERVICE, 88 New Dorp Plaza, Staten Island, N.Y. 10306.
There is a budget crunch throughout the nation on collegiate athletics.
6 5 9 LIVING ALONE & LIKING IT!
''Since we opened, Mickey has tried everything to get her to break up onstage, to bat an eyelash,'' says Mr. Rigby.
Donna Duckett, a spokesman for the Center City Coalition, recently acknowledged that the suit was aimed at stopping the reorganization plan.
If the niche is there, Ilford will probably have to defend it against Kodak, which is currently gearing up to introduce slide-toprint technology for the home darkroom next spring, and perhaps others as well.
This included provisions for a shortened workweek and a sticker system to keep vehicles off the road on designated days.
This identifies the latest victim as the owner of a pet shop.
The content of the program declined precipitately thereafter, comprising as it did the Scherzo from Vierne's Organ Symphony No.
The work needs editing, and Miss Hayes, who can move agilely from down-home humor to wrath, occasionally oversteps into the area of h arangue.
The concerts start at 9:15 P.M.; admission is about $2.50 for all seats.
Now, both these handicaps are being overcome, thanks in large measure to the South African Gold Coin Exchange, a private firm based in Johannesburg.
There is time to wander through the church of Notre Dame, with its deep porch, typical of Burgundian architecture, and its superb late 15th-century tapestries depicting the life of the Virgin.
(Random House; 4 volumes boxed; $85 until Jan. 1, $100 thereafter.)
du Pont de Nemours & Company and one of the nation's most influential executives, announced yesterday that he would join a New York law firm after retiring at age 65 from the giant chemical corporation on April 30.
In fact, what marks good male conversationalists, now that I think of it, is the pleasure such men of wit take in talking to women.
Miss Nelson, baggy-eyed and feisty, is a cheering presence as the ditsy Irish maid, and she moves us in the play's only elliptical moments: when she breaks into sudden tears at the mention of Grandie's late husband, we discover a buried, secret passion that's belied by her jolly countenance.
The Whalers finished 18th in the league standing and were next to last on defense.
The report showed the number of calves born in 1980 was 6 percent higher than in 1979.
Scenes from ''Hot Wire,'' the report being challenged by Kaiser Aluminum, were shown, complete with Geraldo Rivera, the correspondent, using confidential company documents obtained by ''20/20'' and assorted interviews to buttress the charge that improperly installed aluminum wiring was a major cause of residential fires.
He stressed the sexual element in Marivaux, an 18th-century dramatist whom many took to be interested only in talking about love.
''We'd get a better return on these questionnaires if we made it easier,'' he said.
There are many more companies doing research into the media and the consumer's use of them.
But I think the public relations value of taking a scholarship away is bad.
''In the I formation,'' Biles said, placing one fist over the other, ''the backs are in tight like this, and they can't get outside fast enough into pass patterns to make the formation very effective on passing downs.
Multinational marketing efforts would also enhance diversification.
''There's no place closer to the American heartland than Kansas City - which is why market researchers so often use it to gauge changing fashions in popular taste.''
While money market funds draw their deposits away from a wide range of financial institutions, most of those funds are ''redistributed'' to large money center banks, according to a member of the D.I.D.C.
''Everytime you see someone in the checkout line using food stamps, and you're not, you've been lobbied against the program,'' said John R. Kramer, special counsel to the House Agriculture Committee.
Such awards usually seek to discourage an impenitent publication from repeating its libelous behavior.
The separateness often extends to the workplace, although many companies still hire workers of both religions.
If they can glad-hand the public on the Fourth of July, surely these nominees should enjoy their place in the sun as well: the hardware-store owner who stays open an extra hour Saturday to sell you the pound of cement without which your house will tilt and crash by Sunday tops my personal list, followed closely by doctors who aren't infuriated by patients who get sick on weekends.
Float was timed in 3 minutes 51.98 seconds and finished more than a second ahead of Salnikov, the Olympic gold medalist.
He was at the height of his success just before World War I; when war broke out he joined the army, refused an officer's commission and, like T.E.
Some in the Administration fear that Weinberger's aggressiveness on the neutron weapon may ultimately make European governments more resistant to taking either those warheads or the medium-range nuclear missiles scheduled for deployment in 1983.
The Justices declined without comment to review Miss Moore's challenge to her conviction for a brief escape from the Federal Correctional Institution at Alderson, W.Va., in February 1979.
That does not leave many houses for the several hundred mill workers on the waiting list.
The medical examiner added that he would nonetheless re-examine his records.
''So they decided to quit using that dye,'' Miss Corwin said, ''and that's when they started to use that green dye, a very pale greenish color that resembles the fly's natural color under florescence.''
The region was shelled during the night but had a quiet day today.
David Attenborough, whose BBC television series ''The Tribal Eye'' included an excellent installment on Benin, ancient and modern, noted that as the country prospered from its dealings with the West, so its art declined, the stylization ultimately becoming gross and ornate.
Yet while Congressional standards of living remain high, inflation has degraded the pay of several thousand important judges and civil servants.
Still, we can suffer routine with Mozart more cheerily than with almost any other composer.
Tickets cost $4 ($3 for students with identification).
Two-drawer wood files on casters cost $340 for the letter size and $360 for the legal size.
It was the third violation by Palestinians reported since the cease-fire went into effect yesterday.
Suddenly, one of them changed the subject, and here is what Mr. Doherty heard: FIRST COMMUTER (Speaking of some movie he had seen the night before): My wife liked it, but I thought it was dull and boring.
As a stockholder of the General Motors Corporation, I object to your suggestion that the wrongdoers be coddled further.
One day last year, Mr. Mathwick, the manager of a small branch in eastern Oregon, received a bill from a landscaping company for tending the branch's 30-by-70-foot lawn.
In the 1960's, they both worked for the Mets, scouting players and developing talent.
The plain fact is that before this incredible increase Con Edison customers already paid the highest electric rates in the nation.
A mediation session between striking teachers and Christ the King High School in Queens broke off with ''no settlement, no progress,'' according to the union president, Robert Gordon.
That slight awkwardness of Mr. Purdy's corrosive style, the deadpan electricity his characters speak with is the crazy jumping sound of the heart's own music.
El Salvador's desperate problems would be better served by collective action and assistance from all members of the O.A.S.
Broccoli Mimosa (Broccoli with hard-cooked egg) 1 1/2 pounds fresh broccoli Salt to taste, if desired Freshly ground pepper to taste 3 tablespoons butter 1 hard-cooked egg, put through a sieve.
agents are not hard to spot these days.
The fight to bring down inflation and reduce unemployment must be our highest priority and these linked problems must be tackled at the same time.
Hueblein Inc.'s Lejon brand, which has been selling soft Chablis, Burgundy and Rose for less than a year, will bring out three soft varietals late this month - a Chenin Blanc, a French Colombard and a Gamay Beaujolais.
Special Committee on Decoloniza- tion - 10:30 A.M. and 3 P.M. Seminar on relations between human rights, peace and development - 10:30 A.M. and 3 P.M. Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination - 10:30 P.M. and 3 P.M.
Designed by Cass Gilbert and erected between 1911 and 1913, the lacy white building rises 729 feet, which made it the ''highest in the world'' until the Chrysler Building was finished in 1930.
They like to walk into a room surrounded by people courting them.''
Echoing the view of tenants generally, Mr. Glasgall said he found it hard to believe that many store operators would be able to absorb the rents they are being asked to pay.
they had sought in the Supreme Court.
But Sheik Yamani is not stupid: You can bet when the time comes for delivery, the Saudis will make a ''litmus test'' out of delivering the entire works - and Mr. Haig, like Mr. Muskie, will then decide that circumstances have changed and assurances earlier given to Congress no longer apply.
''Later I went to Venice to study painting.
Resting in an easy chair in the living room of his hotel suite (Mrs. Cagney's in the adjacent bedroom; they've come to town from their farm upstate), Mr. Cagney teases Marge Zimmerman, the close family friend and companion who sees to it that nobody shoves or pressures him while she's around.
Shot-Blocking Combination What is behind the Celtics' success?
Mongolia is ruled today by Yumzhagiin Tsedenbal, party chief and chairman of the legislature.
The fantastical transformations emerged with energetic lucidity.
The director said that since he was denied access to the Swiss archives, he used the Jewish archives in Zurich and some private files belonging to priests who helped refugees.
Mr. Foschi, who once signed a recommendation for an applicant seeking to join the lodge, known as ''P-2,'' told the newspaper La Stampa: ''I deny any connection with P-2 and this attempt to destabilize the country.''
A $2 reduction in the price of oil is estimated to cost $800 million a year in tax revenue.
Drinks, $2.75 and up; main courses, $11 to $18.
Because of the great vocal demands of the opera, incidentally, the first performance will be on Friday, May 15, instead of the usual Saturday evening Philharmonia date, thus giving everybody a day of rest before the Sunday afternoon repeat.
But when Ronald Reagan was elected President, Mr. Stone, a Republican political consultant who was Mr. Reagan's New York campaign coordinator, suddenly became one of the most popular men in town.
IT wasn't long after County Executive Alfred B. DelBello introduced his ambitious plan for conversion of garbage into energy on a countywide scale in 1973 that the Board of Legislators, individually and collectively, began to question its merits.
Still, many people criticize the efforts to raise cattle in the Amazon.
Mr. Esposito's single bill calls for a repeal of the 2 percent gross receipts tax that was levied on oil companies last year but was later found to have been passed on to consumers of home-heating oil.
These fans became less popular as air-conditioners became more popular.
Bulldozers are to begin clearing away trees, preliminary to more round-the-clock pipe-laying similar to the schedule followed since noon last Friday in replacing two 900-foot, collapsed sections of the aqueduct.
Clemson, undefeated and ranked No.2, could finish No.1 if it beats Nebraska because Clemson was the only team to beat Georgia this season.
They must then be reviewed by committee and either rejected or accepted by the school board.
In the last two months we have sampled some 20 meals, and have found that a certain flaccidness and ennui seem to have set in.
When the Syrians brought in attack helicopters, the Israelis shot them down - invoking a 1976 ''understanding'' that accepted Syria's occupation of most of Lebanon but claimed the airspace for Israel.
''Then he just about shouted, 'Rhodes!'
Throw all this into the stew and mix well.
He came to Hollywood in 1929 to serve as dialogue director on ''All Quiet on the Western Front,'' and he stayed to direct movies in almost every genre -musicals, mysteries, prestigious literary adaptations, tragic dramas, even a western (''Heller in Pink Tights'').
Her playing, though well intentioned, tended to be genteel and monochromatic even during the sweeping dramatic figurations of the Faure Piano Quartet No.
''I really resent the way the women are persecuting the Mormon Church,'' Miss Johnson, 55 years old, told the equal rights amendment ''missionaries'' Patrick and Twiss Butler of Houston.
In the future, an apartment house elevator may be able to ''communicate'' audibly with boarding passengers and recognize by their voiceprints whether they are bona fide tenants of the building or strangers.
It was a time for picture-taking and, of course, for packing.
Thus, she said, the office's function is to deal essentially with informational and policy questions.
But Chase did not tell the Fed that it was planning a similar program.
New York, for example, is a terrible place to die.
Because he also had jaundice, he was under special lights, so he had on blinders.
Financial aid is available for those unable to pay for counseling or testing.
However, it added that the second quarter would benefit from a gain of about $9.1 million from a previously announced sale of 15.7 million shares of common stock in the Yokohama Rubber Company.
''It's almost as bad as undergraduate admissions,'' he said.
RESTAURANTS - Compared to Manhattan's, most Chicago restaurants seem positively spacious and allow for lunch or dinner conversations that are private.
Do you have any idea how much of a shortfall you're going to have to deal with, or how much of a nut you're going to have to come up with?
Cotton prices were stronger again yesterday, rising 2 cents in the March contract to close at 91.95 cents a pound.
The Iraqi forces ''destroyed the major part of an Iranian armored division, captured the rest and killed a large number of troops whose bodies were left on the battlefield,'' the commander added.
According to a draft of the statement, the President will recommend that the United States ''move expeditiously but wisely'' to move governmental barriers to the wider use of nuclear energy.
No Criminal Action Concluding a 10-month investigation in which it heard testimony from scores of witnesses and viewed hundreds of exhibits, the grand jury found no basis for any criminal action.
What the stars mean: (None) Poor to fair * Good ** Very good *** Excellent **** Extraordinary These ratings are based on the reviewer's reaction to food and price in relation to comparable establishments.
Now that the first shuttle flight has been completed, Mr. Burke said, he expects that "there'll be a big letdown" and is "sorry we have to wait six months for the next one."
Maurice S. Worth, retired vice president of Sandler & Worth Inc., a carpet store chain in New Jersey, died Tuesday at Englewood (N.J.) Hospital.
However, Mr. Padmanabha said, the provisional population total includes projected figures for the two states that he said would not be much at variance from the actual figures.
- ''There is little spontaneity in sports anymore.
The extra agents, tripling the regular force of 50 in the target area, issued 21,879 summonses for no-standing violations and 4,387 for double-parking offenses between March 23, when the enforcement effort began, and April 17.
Having apparently lost faith in the region's revolutionary potential, Fidel Castro eventually turned to aiding Marxist revolutionary movements in Africa.
''I'm ahead now,'' Mr. Yevoli said.
The Willoughby story was told on television when Kiki Vandeweghe refused to sign with the Dallas Mavericks.
Soups are exceptional, if less than steaming hot.
About 20 of them stood up behind the basket and shouted, ''Don't show, St. Joe, don't show.''
A new floating rate on savings bonds will be proposed to Congress, Treasury Secretary Donald T. Regan said.
Food accounts for about 20,000 square feet.
He said there was no reason for Mr. Trudeau to meet with the Premiers in a new constitutional conference because there was no basis for agreement.
Prices Raised Suddenly The trouble can be traced to May 29, when Prime Minister Mohammed Maati Bouabid and Finance Minister Kamel Reghaye bowed to persistent pressures from the International Monetary Fund, which at the start of this year lent Morocco $1.2 billion to improve its sagging balance of payments and to ''restructure'' its alarming foreign debt.
''But for once we can be perceived as an energy, transportation and construction company, which is what we've been all along,'' he said.
But he said that ''this has nothing to do with the First Lady - she's not involved in it.''
Late European dollar rates included 2.0015 West German marks, down from 2.0195; 1.8185 Swiss francs, down from 1.8385; 4.63475 French francs, down from 4.6445; 2.1760 Dutch guilders, down from 2.1985, and 950.45 Italian lire, down from 958.30.
''That's not our area,'' says Don Wear, a vice president of NBC.
Reilly said: ''We tend to talk baseball when we get together,'' but Barnett added that he discouraged friends from discussing a controversial call after a tense game.
(I once knew a deer hunter who was so serious about not being scented that he stored his hunting clothes in a wooden box filled with balsam fir or hemlock boughs.
It developed that 94.4 percent of the borrowers chose the rollover loans.
The curtailment of grain shipments to the Soviet Union would be difficult to end without some conciliatory action by the Russians, President Reagan told Congressmen from farm states.
By the end of the Civil War, Tiffany had outclassed all of its competitors in the production of sterling silver.
The chain, based in Sherman Oaks, Calif., is the largest independent in the fabric field, with stores operating under the names House of Fabrics and So-Fro Fabrics.
That was a risk Robert Taub, a pianist trained at Juilliard and Princeton, seemed not to mind as he made his New York debut Thursday night in Alice Tully Hall, playing Leon Kirchner's restlessly involute Sonata (1948), Beethoven's Sonata in C minor (Op.
Richard Jensen of Paramus, a former heroin addict who had been invited by the anti-clinic group to speak at a town meeting, said in an interview that methadone maintenance had ''a definite place in the care of heroin addiction.''
Aloha, 128 Chambers St. Lin Gardens, 67 Lafayette Ave., Brooklyn.
She says that one of her responsibilities was to take three sentences by Cowell and expand them into a two- to three-thousand word article.
The two are Geraldine Fitzgerald and Colleen Dewhurst, and they share more in common than their sex: they are both actresses, they are both making their Broadway debuts as directors, and they are both staging plays they first tested Off Broadway.
At the ceremony at Police Headquarters at 1 Police Plaza in lower Manhattan, Police Commissioner Robert J. McGuire declared that police work was ''not quite a religious vocation, but you have to have a sense of wanting to do something extra, something special, with your life.''
''Another factor,'' he said, ''is that as our juniors graduate from college and seek jobs, they find owning a one-design boat too much on the expensive side for their pocketbooks.''
He said it would ''pursue the work that was started'' by his earlier coalition, which also included the Moderate Party.
As chief of staff, Mr. Baker is nominally in charge of the press office and the Congressional lobbying effort; as counselor with Cabinet rank, Mr. Meese is in charge of policy formulation, and as assistant to the President, Mr. Deaver is in charge of Mr. Reagan's travel and appointments.
The middle class is by and large conservative and historically, virulently anti-Communist as demonstrated by the bloody response to the 1932 uprising.
Plan's Cost May Be Less The fact is, Coca-Cola officials said today, the plan does not provide as much as the announcement seemed to suggest.
In other word, the watering shortens rather than prolongs record life.
Mr. Weinberger disclosed that the discussions about Poland had taken up more than half the time in a conference held to plan new deployments of nuclear weapons.
Pick over the spinach and remove and discard any tough stems and blemished leaves.
If approved, quotas would limit the amount of cotton a producer could sell.
Robert E. Poli, president of the 15,000-member Professional Air Traffic Controllers Union, continued to defy Mr. Reagan's threat.
'' That band turned out to be the Runaways, who took themselves seriously but who were marketed as a novelty by their manager and record company and broke up in the late 70's without ever really fulfilling their promise.
''Once you get it in the right shape, it's surprisingly stable,'' he explained.
and a Nobel memorial prize winner in 1970.
For the first time in his life, the former kid had found himself in Old Town, and had steered directly for the five-story plant where Old Town canoes, kayaks, dinghies and even rowing shells are built.
Some conservatives were willing to forgive Baker after he took the surprising initiative of bringing Lyn Nofziger, one of Mr. Reagan's staunchest right-wing California lieutenants, into the White House as political director.
; Old Town, Me.,; and Riverside, Calif., as well as its Canadian Lily Cups subsidiary, with plants in Toronto and Scarborough.
The illiteracy rate is 85 percent.
In the Senate, leaders called two members back from the airport to gain the 31 votes needed to pass a bill in the 60-member house.
Comic View of Life Miss Loos's perky personality and point of view were well suited to the fame ''Gentlemen Prefer Blondes'' brought her (a brunette herself, she wrote a sequel entitled ''But Gentlemen Marry Brunettes'').
In the early 1970's they were followed by corporate executives, middle managers and clerical workers transferred here by Eastern and Northern corporations.
In particular, the agency's officials are concerned that, as a result of the complacency, plans for energy investments to decrease the dependence on oil in the late 1980's are faltering, particularly the development of nuclear power and coal.
''Frank made no promises to me about new players.
Business Enrollment Doubles Most importantly, the State University must figure out how to deal with the declining interest of students in the liberal arts and the trend toward vocational training, a shift that is evident in enrollment figures.
Several Factors in 'Healing' ''The human psyche has a very powerful healing effect,'' Dr. Fattah said in a telephone interview.
With the economic and cultural incentives to merge stronger than ever, and a hands-off climate apparent in Washington, many experts say that there is a pressing need to debate the broader implications of the Conoco takeover.
It's important that David keep his balance, and his first duty is to serve the community.''
A recent oil discovery by Phillips Petroleum has been downplayed by the company's executives.
But most of this increase came before 1963 - before the go-go merger wave of the 1960's and before the current wave.
The chicken breast teriyaki was nicely broiled, but any suggestion of a soy-garlic teriyaki treatment had been overlooked.
Gordon Bunshaft of Skidmore, Owings & Merrill was appointed architect.
Gross's office declined to pursue an investigation at the time, although attending physicians informed the Medical Examiner's office of ''the potential of a ruptured spleen.''
training programs, which dropped off sharply during the Vietnam War, is rising as the Reagan Administration emphasizes anew military preparedness and defense spending.
Ferragamo said last week that only the Green Bay Packers had expressed any interest in him as a free agent but had made no offer.
Well, I don't agree with that and I think all the evidence would go the other way.
And on Sunday at 2, the Khmer Classical Dancers of Cambodia will perform at the American Museum of Natural History, Central Park West at 79th Street.
Bareboating is for the skipper who has the knowledge and experience to sail through waters that may be rough and tricky.
Earvin Johnson drove for a basket with one second remaining to give the Los Angeles Lakers a 120-118 victory over the Golden State Warriors yesterday in Oakland, Calif. Johnson finished with 24 points, 12 in the final quarter, as the Lakers won for the ninth time in 13 games since his return from a leg injury.
Advice by The New York Times personal health columnist.
''Eternally young,'' the women pronounced him.
During the California six months of the year devoted to ''M*A*S*H'' -writing and directing some episodes, acting in all of them - he rarely has time for tennis, much less hot tubs or other forms of California socializing.
The tournament did not attract much attention or many spectators, according to Hunt, because of cold weather, especially at night, and the early departure of name players like McEnroe and Vitas Gerulaitis.
''Maree married an American girl a few months ago,'' Schmertz said.
Another change of the 1970's that is expected to be confirmed by the 1980 census is that most residents of metropolitan areas no longer work in the central cities.
We know that in the U.S. a whole jumble of political, economic, prestige and career factors that have little to do with military logic wind up shaping weapons orders.
---- Iran Appears to Ease Demand By JOHN KIFNER Special to the New York Times TEHERAN, Iran, Jan. 11 - Iran appears to have stepped aside from its demand that $24 billion be deposited as ''guarantees'' in the Algerian central bank in exchange for the release of the 52 American hostages.
The killings of the two colonels and other recent acts of violence have been committed by E.T.A.
Part of that will be available for low-interest loans to recycling businesses, for public-education programs and for the development of recycling projects on the local and county level.
Mr. Harper said that there was no plan to seek stronger powers for the posts.
The urge to bend the rules would be lessened because all teams would be equally compensated.
''I have nothing against the military or the concept of national service,'' said Dr. Thomas H. Meikle Jr., dean of Cornell University's Medical College.
Should he falter, however, potential opponents within the Democratic Party are likely to become more openly critical of the Governor.
In yesterday's consolidated New York Stock Exchange trading, Grumman stock fell 4 1/8, closing at 24 3/8.
The bridegroom had his uncle, Dominick Lanzone, as best man.
Mr. Meyer generously curtailed his criticism of docudramas made at ''historical distance'' including, for example, biographies of Dwight Eisenhower and Douglas MacArthur.
In answering a number of questions as to whether several sorts of nonlethal military action were permissible under the agreement, Mr. Fischer stressed that such legal niceties could be avoided if all parties ''will show restraint.''
Community leaders expressed optimism as well as some skepticism about the revitalization plan.
Judge Harry Pregerson of Federal District Court in Los Angeles took under advisement motions on two minor issues and put off the next hearing until Nov. 6.
Meanwhile, it sees public attention and dollars focused on spectacular strategic nuclear weapons.
In the spirit of the original West Side concept, two developments will be subsidized and the other seven involve either market-rate housing or housing with subsidies for 20 percent of the units.
''But I think times are changing.
Founded by the late Nelson Blount, Steamtown has a collection that has grown to more than 100 exhibits, including once elegant passenger cars, a 190-foot turntable and more than 40 locomotives.
''We expect sales to double in 1982,'' Mrs. Perry said.
The race will be over 80 laps of the 2.361 mile circuit for a distance of 188.9 miles.
Handsome, too, are the ''shotgun'' houses of New Orleans, with their narrower sides facing the street.
Regis Ragan, 38, Army Master Sergeant, representative of military sales liaison office.
Lyons acknowledges the test but does not elaborate on the significance of the Soviet success.
Since Karen and Peter Czarnomski, who own the shop, have a baby, 7-monthold Pilar has a miniature of the bag to wear in her stroller.
but so do we all.
Slice the celery into thin crescents and slice about a quarterpound fresh Parmesan into thin flakes.
Now, however, many of these small European hotels are accessible through centralized reservations offices in the United States.
Please keep the cost of pay phones at 10 cents.
1 is replaced by Writer No.
But ''The World According to Garp,'' published in 1978, and his latest book, ''The Hotel New Hampshire,'' have made Mr. Irving a celebrity.
Freedom of Press Demanded General Natusch Busch and Gen. Lucio Anez Rivero, a former army chief of staff, who joined the revolt, have demanded that the junta assume control of the Government and restore ''freedom of the press and human rights.''
Gary Eads, central region vice president for the union, and three members of Local 304 - David King, George Fuston and Don Tuttle - were ordered held in the Wyandotte County Jail by Federal District Judge Dale E. Saffels, who found them in contempt for ignoring the back-to-work order.
A woman's long journey to self-discovery.
The superintendent, who would only give his name as Julio, said that the women had not caused any problems.
The dismissal touched off a broad investigation by the National Education Association, during which Mr. Kuper said the Mayor interfered with local school independence and ''frightened'' board officials into submission.
And Pacific Northwest Ballet has scheduled 19 performances in Seattle and 12 on tour.
Unfortunately, many homeowners believe that grass is able to withstand any amount of abuse and neglect or they feel that maintaining a lawn is beyond their capabilities.
She Was Singing on Crutches Soon after that, Miss Brown and Miss Calloway set out for New York for Miss Brown's first recording session.
She says she ''rejected the adults' view that the kids had no brains to deal with vital issues.''
On Friday Samuel Ramey reverted to the title role after a fall stint as Leporello.
Acknowledging the increasing number of single women who have to tend to their own cars, one tire shop in Westport redecorated a corner of the waiting room with soft leather couches and a coffee table piled high with ''more suitable magazines.''
''I think Bailey deserves credit for what he has done,'' said Theodore Freedman, the national program director of the Anti-Defamation League.
American Isuzu Motors, the Los Angeles-based marketing arm of the 65-year-old company, this week began advertising its products in the 22 Western and Southern states and the District of Columbia where they are available.
What are the anxieties that brought 3,000 professional writers to the Roosevelt Hotel?
English kings, not overly concerned with the island's people, exacted a poll tax of one pullet a year.
''Cymbeline'' is scheduled to run through Feb. 8 at the Stage Company's John W. Huntington Theater.
''A lot of people seem to feel that the problem of people getting trapped by cults is continuing to progress,'' said Esther Deitz, B'nai B'rith's consultant on cults.
The President is drawing his regulatory appointees from the industries they will regulate.
At the Episcopal Church of St. Mary the Virgin in Falmouth Foreside, Me., yesterday, Ann Catherine Snow, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. David Payson Snow of Cumberland Foreside, Me., was married to Timothy Fitz-Gibbon Nuland, son of Mr. and Mrs. James Greenbury Nuland of Dallas and Quogue, L.I.
Many industry and Government sources believe Viscount Etienne Davignon, industrial commissioner of the European Economic Community, will argue that the dollar's rise in foreign-exchange markets has made it possible for Europeans to sell steel in the United States more cheaply.
Other hooded men stood in the back of the room, cradling machine guns or clipboards.
Not only that, I wore it.
He was born on May 9, 1909, the son of James A. Hagerty, long the chief political correspondent for The New York Times.
Bob Stoddard, with relief help from Mike Parrott, was the winner in his major league debut.
F ORMER Representative John B. Anderson, the once and, perhaps, future candidate for President, returned from India last week and experienced the shock of deja vu as he caught up with the tale of David A. Stockman's confessional use of journalism.
Of course, inventorying what I lost was disturbing -my favorite green silk shirt, books and books and books, my brand new boots, the briefcase it had taken a year to find, chairs and tables, sheets, towels, plates, spoons.
Meanwhile, Mr. Wick, who likes to boast of raising $15 million for Mr. Reagan's campaign, said his agency would be ''aggressively'' developing themes to counter Soviet propaganda ''that is killing us around the world.''
''The progressives -which is what the liberals call themselves these days - know that the money is not there.''
But under duress, it is inconsistent, and it can subject him to undue burdens.
He put himself on injured reserve last week and is unlikely to play any more this season.
Their only motivation is money.
He said he met three Palestinian leaders from the occupied territories while in Israel.
The proposed three-year trial program is still subject to Congressional approval.
With nods and becks and wreathed smiles, Salute Joan Garland and Kay Niles.
As one who has spent the last ten years actively involved in our public schools as a Parent Association leader, I believe it essential that tests reflect real student and teacher performance.
A department report released in June cited saftey hazards, including unprocessed uranium ore outside the mine and several open mine shafts.
And we eagerly and nonjudgmentally serve all current and potential adult learners who call us, no matter what their learning goals and interests are.
Vice President Bush, on a three-day visit to the Dominican Republic, went before a joint session of the Dominican National Assembly today with a speech castigating President Fidel Castro of Cuba and warning of the dangers of Cuban and Soviet expansionism.
He never got in it.''
An additional difficulty is the widespread belief among politicians - based on experience at the polls - that a district will be certain to elect a minority Council member only if its population is at least 65 to 70 percent minority.
Defense R.& D. has been a major factor in the growth of commercial high technology through spin-offs for civilian use.
That might seem like a tall order, but Miss Andrews is confident of reaching her goal.
But even then my belief in Santa had been shattered.
You have to do it yourself.
There must be someone, someplace who is interested in sprucing up this place if only to return it to some of its old respectability.''
First, your distinction between the Urban Development Action Grant program and ''direct help for distressed people and distressed cities'' is false.
''We were New York actors,'' he says proudly of himself and friends like Al Pacino and Robert Duvall.
The other 10 percent, when I see my son landing in Germany, that's when it'll erupt like Mount.
If Judge Werker of United States District Court doesn't grant the injunction, the players have said they will strike.
'' The Sheik went on: ''Here we have apple orchards.
The other is Chicken Savoy, an incendiary dish of chicken, mushrooms, onions and hot vi negar peppers.
The branches of pines outside sagged under clumps of many-layered snow.
''And that's really the problem with the railroad,'' Mr. Gabreski said.
It is much too early to evaluate these wines, for they will need many more years for their true character to emerge.
The system basically consists of information-gathering and reporting - nothing more.''
Reared in Echoquaquila, a village of 200 that is 20 miles from Navajoa, Valenzuela is the youngest of 12 children in a poor farming family.
The pipeline provides 80 percent of the natural gas used in the state of Washington and in Oregon.
I just hope they give me a little room to maneuver.''
Chilled white wine are an excellent complement: Chablis, Montrachet, Meursault, Muscadet, Gewurztraminer, Vouvray, Pouilly Fume or Fuisse, Sancerre and rieslings or chardonnays.
The fee is $25 for an hour.
Her father is Midwest regional manager for the data processing division of IBM and her mother is manager of the Chicago showroom of Royal Copenhagen Porcelain.
The noise came from where Hayes sat.
This is both because it does not want to be accused of tampering with the yardstick to which Social Security and other payments are tied and because it has expected a reversal of mortgage rates that could lead to a sharp decline in the overall index.
The flow is the second best ever recorded from an onshore Australian well, the company said.
It is no longer available.
We all grew, made compromises, adjusted.
Israel rejects the Saudi plan, which calls for Israeli withdrawal from all occupied territory, including East Jerusalem, and the creation of a Palestinian state.
Some were smuggled through Honduras, other Washington officials said.
The rhymes and rhythms are strong but not oppressively singsong, and the poems quite appropriately easy to follow and vivid.
American officials talk big about a Rapid Deployment Force for the Middle East but it has so far failed to materialize.
Yet many are structurally unconventional and one of them, ''Far From Denmark,'' contains an important invisible character: the never-seen fiancee of Vilhelm, the naval officer who is the work's hero.
One local broker told me he would be happy to market our $200,00 home for a 4.5 percent commission, but also warned me that his colleagues in the Multiple Listing Service would refuse to ''show'' our home as a consequence.
Although they are what the agreement between the players and the owners calls ''excluded clubs,'' the Dodgers and Angels still could sign Jackson as a free agent because he does not qualify as a Type A player.
The title refers to an African snake.
Compromise Supported The National Association of Realtors asked the Senate Banking Committee to reach a compromise.
Groundwork had been done by the Department of Agricultrute on a new nontoxic spray for the Japanese beetle.
''I feel like I'm the only one riding.
''Check this out,'' he went on.
We are up against probably the most effective lobby in this country.
With 72 lawyers, the New Jersey office was described at his appointment as the nation's fifth largest.
Estimates were not available of the savings to be achieved under those steps.
I believe I could have gone even farther."
And there is reason to fear that his actions will be mostly at the expense of the poor.
If it hadn't been for Robert Altman, Mr. Murphy believes his life would have evolved quite differently.
petition, filed in Federal District Court in Cleveland, asks for an injunction against the takeover unless Mobil divests itself of the transportation, storage and marketing assets of Marathon ''in such a manner as to maintain the divested entity in viable competition.''
Probable opponents are some states, medical and hospital lobbies, and civil rights and labor groups.
The whole family is in New York now - ''Sam is quite excited, he keeps saying, 'Is this America?'
''The Government has a role in that and he will enforce it - I don't know if he's said this publicly, but I've heard him - at the point of a bayonet.''
''These were not toys for make-believe,'' Mr. Leitch said, referring to the three bombs found intact in the wreckage.
Mr. Rivkin, an alumnus of the Collegiate School in Manhattan, graduated magna cum laude from Yale and last spring from the Yale Law School.
The transportation component of the index jumped 1.2 percent because of the fifth consecutive increase in the prices of used cars and a 1.2 percent rise, after seasonal adjustment, in gasoline prices.
Some monetary contributions were received, he said, but much of the construction was furnished free by two nearby opera fans, C.B.
A Head-On Battle Muse Air is scheduled to make its first flight on July 15, and the battle with Southwest promises to be a study in hard-nosed business competition.
Asked about the situation at the Hotel Woodstock, Mr. Turso checked and said a pickup was scheduled for last night.
Nearly all the $20,000 spent so far on the project has come from the development group.
It will displace millions of gallons of oil per year.
Today's ruling was the latest in a series of often bizarre twists in the long Hillside Strangler investigation.
Christopher Murney has replaced Richard Dreyfuss as an irredeemably ambitious producer in Shel Silverstein's travesty, ''The Lady or the Tiger.''
Weasel, squirrel, mole and other lowly creatures lent their pelts as the technology evolved that was to revolutionize furs.
Also in paperback, ''Wildly Successful Plants, a Handbook of American Weeds'' by Lawrence J. Crockett (Macmillan) and ''Weeds'' by Mea Allen (Viking).
Ah, how wonderful it is to be in love - even if only with ourselves.
Initial reports had indicated that an electric spark caused the fire.
Yardage Seen as Misleading To Lyons, all that yardage the defense gives is misleading.
The legislation requires an exemption of summer usage but does not, as The Times asserted, require that winter rates go up to offset the revenue loss.
Police reported Friday the first arrests of members of the Rev.
Ray Sikorsky passed for three touchdowns and ran for two others as Verona scored a 40-20 victory over Mountain of West Orange in Verona.
I like to get away from everyone for an hour or two every day.
The finding that there is no legal hindrance to the federal action because a tradition did not constitute law was enough for Mr. Chretien who said ''it is now time to put behind us this constitutional debate.''
Given a second-rate joke, Mr. Young plunges in with total relish and succeeds in selling it beyond its true worth.
Her decision came at a time when many of her fellow Democrats were sharply divided over her leadership.
However, once the Senators were seated, it would be difficult to limit their activity to a few housekeeping chores.
President Duarte said the size of the army would have to be more than doubled if the guerrillas were to be defeated quickly.
Peter Hagerman, one of three directors of Hutton Capital Management, explains the several steps involved in the valuations.
On Sunday the national edition comprises The Week in Review, the Arts and Leisure section, the Business section, the Travel section, The Times Magazine and the Book Review, with a single main news section that includes selected sports articles.
Number of Crimes Increases By the summer of 1980, Mayor Jackson and Commissioner Brown, who were under considerable criticism, established a special Police Department team to investigate the murders and disappearances.
The first time the Raiders got the ball in the Super Bowl, Plunkett directed an attack that ended with his throwing a short touchdown pass.
''We had just thought it was a nice old house,'' said Mrs. Serotosz, ''but we fell into a treasure, really.''
''I don't know how a young man today can go into the home building business.
During the recent holidays I was given a small quantity of dried morels, and at about the same time I dined with friends at Le Cirque restaurant in Manhattan.
All prisoners are undergoing bail reviews as a result of a state order aimed at alleviating overcrowding in jails.
Listening to his walkie-talkie, he heard police messages about the shooting at the Washington Hilton Hotel.
Advance Trainining in Specialties After the dogs report for duty, some are sent back to school for advanced training in such subjects as bomb and narcotics detection.
Sung said Don Harris, an NBC reporter who was killed in the attack, had conducted a 15-minute interview with Mr. Jones.
You don't see all these lawsuits at Kidder Peabody or Merrill Lynch.''
Because shareholders and corporate managers do not rate corporate success in terms of short run profits, Japanese management has no fear of putting money into modernization plans which have a long-term payout.
''The judiciary is foreclosed from nullifying or subtracting from that grant.''
How can it transfer more control in the third world from white leaders to local leaders?
Mr. Shaw, who holds a leading place among American Sherlockians, has assembled a collection of 12,000 items, ranging from first editions to T-shirts.
''Private,'' in this instance, should not be read to mean independent of public or government support, any more than the ''public'' in public higher education should be interpreted as independent of private support.
''Now,'' he said, ''all these leaders are concerned most of all with their own domestic economic problems.
Next Wednesday evening at 9, Channel 13 will offer Mrs. Kaye's second examination of Broadway musicals, with a special added attraction - the appearance of her husband, Danny.
'' I sigh, a Joblike sound from one who has been unjustly accused.
When the Federal inspectors came to the Coordinated Human Services, they looked only at Planned Parenthood, one of several agencies under its umbrella.
This said, however, the well-known graphic designer Ivan Chermayeff's first attempt at both text and illustrations in a children's picture book is wide of the mark.
He wants the arts to rely on private sources.
Gradually, the dailies expanded from news to human-interest stories and then to sports and women's pages, where columns contained unprecedented advice on fashion, beauty, the management of the home and etiquette.
Damascus newspapers questioned the usefulness of Mr. Habib's mission and reiterated the Assad regime's view that Israeli intransigence and military aggression had touched off the crisis over the activities of the two countries in Lebanon.
We're replacing one human organ with another.''
''Kickers don't have to run fast,'' a man said to Pat Summerall, who did the kicking for the New York Giants before radio-television hired his pear-shaped tones.
At 5 foot 10 I'm lucky to have played in the N.B.A.
It condemned the Soviet Union's ''flagrant defiance of international opinion'' in its continued military occupation of Afghanistan, and it ''welcomed the commitment of the United States, announced in President Reagan's speech of 18 November, to the goal of major disarmament by means of mutual reductions in nuclear and conventional forces.''
''Johnny is very raunchy,'' Miss Morgan said appreciatively.
Two C-141 transport jets arrived at Michael Army Airfield here.
Anand Patole, substituting for the injured K. Paramjyoti, talked about his instrument, the tabla, and demonstrated how basic sounds of nature have been synthesized into the sophisticated rhythmic and metric metaphors of his music-making.
The corporate proxy statement, for years a perfunctory document written in soporific legal phrasing of marginal value to most shareholders, has grown into an indispensible volume of corporate literature.
Wordlessly, he develops variations on some common high-rise fantasies: the wide-eyed businessman who sees the window washer standing on what must be King Kong's palm; a visitor, waiting in an office with a spectacular skyline view, startled as a baseball crashes through the plate-glass window.
It was the second National Collegiate championship for Coach Paul Doherty's Adelphi team in the last three years.
All are now being held in the Metropolitan Correction Center in New York City.
And Saturday at 8:30, in the festival's Venetian Theater, Michael Feldman will lead the Festival Orchestra in a program of Handel, Telemann, Bach, Vivaldi and Rameau.
Because of the increase in the number of boarding arrangements, many municipal officials report that they now receive more frequent calls from irate neighbors who are determined to rid the block of what is often still deemed an undesirable element.
Miss Tobin was on her second visit to South Africa, vacationing with Jacobus Heinrik Roodt, a South African land surveyor whom she had met on a trip to the Caribbean earlier this year.
Music critics toured the European summer festivals or retired to the country for monthslong summer vacations.
It is also briefly inspired when it shows us television pundits analyzing the phenomenon that Pat Kramer has become (''Is she a metaphor?'').
But with tensions in the region high, Administration officials were uncertain whether Mr. Habib would have enough time to shuttle among the capitals before Israel strikes.
DANCE Summer in the dance world begins on Tuesday with the opening of the Jacob's Pillow Dance Festival at Lee, Mass.
Under Federal law, a major oil refiner cannot leave an area in which a service station operator has a lease.
had formed a special task force to concentrate on arresting the four suspects still at large in the Rockland robbery and slayings.
We will not only have to compete with taxable issues, but we will have to compete with taxable issues of comparable credit ratings.
Authorized a Decade Ago Congress authorized the Clinch River project in 1970.
The 79-year-old Mr. Houseman was associated with the Group Theater, the Theater Guild, the Federal Theater's Negro Theater Project and Project 891, and was co-founder with Orson Welles of the Mercury Theater in the 1930's.
They are homespun and made for home consumption, not for exporting to decorators.
New York was on the verge of becoming the first major city in the United States to regulate funeral homes yesterday when the City Council approved legislation requiring them to post prominently a price list for all goods and services.
''The type of lemons that California ships to Japan are simply not a host,'' Mr. Ford said.
The Argentine Foreign Ministry said in Buenos Aires that a Soviet jet fighter intercepted an Argentine cargo plane near the Soviet-Turkish border on Saturday, and it assumed this was the incident involved in the Tass report.
He believes that by 1982 and 1983, the Federal Government will have developed policies that will create pressures on Puerto Ricans to move to the states.
No one has come out to see them play, and the gate receipts are our prime source of revenue.
The Office of Regulatory Affairs of the state's Department of Transportation must approve all fare increases for independent lines.
Schneider declined to say what the offer was, but a source familiar with the negotiations indicated it was for less than $1 million a year.
Box 185, Road Town, Tortola, B.V.I.
"The casting people see you as one thing, one type," complains an actress, her hair styled a la Liza Minnelli, "This business is 25 percent talent and 75 percent hustle."
To the Editor: The Times is properly concerned in its March 19 editorial about ''The Cost of Not Raising Utility Bills.''
In 1971 the company's stock traded as high as 45 7/8, a figure that still stands as its highest price of the last 10 years.
Short- and long-term interest rates were little changed.
By the 1920's, his view that movement should reflect total control of the actor's body led him into a different opinion; ''The loose condition of a physically uncontrolled person (Duncanism) is inadmissable.''
At this point in the conversation, Miss Jacoby almost lost interest in her pot roast and potato pancakes.
The sixth, Wade Phillips, son of the recently dismissed head coach, was given unconditional permission to talk with any N.F.L.
Instead of dipping into scarce funds to staff their new psychiatric wards, city officials want the state to declare a crowding emergency and take more patients into state hospitals.
This is music that explores the outer reaches.''
The contemporary works are Aulis Sallien's ''Dies Irae,'' Edwin Roxburgh's ''The Rock'' and Knud Jeppesen's ''Te Deum Danicum'' and new works by Pierre Villette, Jean Langlais and Jonathan Harvey.
''The fascinating thing is that I haven't even seen the plan yet,'' Mrs. Stern said yesterday about the floor plans for the store, a seven-story facility that the company says will open next April near the location of the former Bonwit store.
Just five years ago, Evanston was a quiet retirement community of barely 4,000 near the fishing and wildlife areas of southwestern Wyoming.
Willing to Sacrifice All said, however, that the situation was not serious and that the system was safe.
The subway lines have been undercapitalized and politically abused for years.
The $4.3 billion merger of the Connecticut General Corporation and the INA Corporation is quite different from the huge mergers that have startled the insurance industry this year, but it was shaped by the same need.
Inside, dark-brown benches ran around the perimeter of the waiting room.
The outcome will send waves across the country.
COLORADO SPRINGS (UPI) -Marvin Lewis, the Tulane tailback, scored three touchdowns and rushed for 143 yards in the second half.
The analysis offered by Mr. Saunders and Mr. Davis was based on the assumption of further moves by the Federal Reserve to increase growth of the money supply.
Wilton permitted conversions a year ago, although still limiting accessory apartments to the elderly.
When she packed her bags last week for a speaking engagement in New York City, she included a couple of sets of ''First Family'' paper dolls, newly marketed cardboard caricatures of Nancy and Ronald Reagan, stripped to their designer underwear.
These allow you to grind the meat while simultaneously filling the casings that have been slid onto the stuffer nozzle.
Arthur F. Lenehan, a spokesman for the utility, said that the project, while exciting in concept, was not economically sound.
Metrocare advanced 1 3/4, to 11, after reporting higher first-quarter profits.
Rodney V. Sickmann, a Marine security guard, emerged with a diary of about 200,000 words, running from Feb. 3, 1980, until three days before his release.
If he is truly a friend of Ali, he will tell him honestly just how bad Frazier looked.
The experts proposed six research plans to help explain the findings of the India study.
Mr. Broyles, whose effort recalls several unauthorized scalings since George H. Willig climbed the south tower of New York's World Trade Center in 1977, got what has become the standard police reception for such stunts.
It wasn't long before he came down with a raging case of showbusiness fever.
It begins at a Congressional hearing where, 35 years later, many of these women were finally awarded the official military status they had been promised in the beginning.
Mr. Chester was married then, but when she returned for a second visit to the United States, he had obtained a divorce.
General Jaruzelski could do little more than ask forbearance - and seek continued aid.
But he stayed on for three years and is now chairman of Utah's executive board.
In remote areas, women - following Koranic tradition - do not socialize with men, and the call of the muezzin echoes over flat-roofed houses made of mud.
Local planning agencies and state conservation officials in New York and New Jersey also were quick to criticize the proposed 1983 sale.
Others proclaimed on bumper stickers, ''L.I.
Dr. Taub reports that on the average, biofeedback patients experience a 60 percent reduction in Raynaud's attacks, with some completely rid of the problem and others showing no response.
During last week's American League East playoff with the Milwaukee Brewers, he hit a homer that propelled the Yankees to a 3-0 victory in the second game, and he had a two-run, pinch-hit double to right field that assured a 7-3 victory in the decisive fifth game.
''It is a very serious, precedent-setting move,'' said P. Paul Ricci, president of the State Board of Education.
Partnerships lacking extrasensory perception suffered disasters, and those who had it often found themselves explaining their perceptiveness to skeptical committees.
The Rangers, too weary from their overnight charter flight from Denver to offer much resistance, lost to the Hartford Whalers, 5-3, at Madison Square Garden in a listless effort last night.
Here and there in the short stories Miss Weldon offers wry versions of yesterday's feelings.
The one point on which agreement seems clear is that Pakistan and Afghanistan are bypassing the Afghan insurgents whose struggle against the Soviet-installed regime of President Babrak Karmal has led Moscow to send in 85,000 troops.
Recognizing this organizational imperative, the President's advisers felt it most natural to turn to Mr. Bush because Mr. Allen lacks the rank to preside over a committee of Cabinet members.
Mr. Powell said that because the United States regarded the Iranian response sent to Washington Thursday through the Algerians as ''positive,'' President Carter took two major steps to facilitate the agreement, ''if and when it is reached.''
According to a survey by the Irish Hotels Federation, hotels in Ireland may lose more than $30 million by the end of the year because of a drop in tourism.
They made people feel good.
The ruling came in the appeal of a Petersburg woman identified only as F. Doe, who accused three soldiers of raping her last March 22 in a vacant barracks at Fort Lee, near Petersburg.
M. Southern State Parkway: Work between Wantagh Parkway and Route 106.
The Democrats would say it, the Republicans could not easily deny it, and the voters would probably believe it.
The hot line also gives the schedule for public hearings.
''That's why I have a streak.
But the inertia of our pessimism may be a stronger force militating against a real recommitment to explore outer space.
It provides, she believes, a civilized alternative to the singles bars or the grab-bag singles cocktail parties and dances; the people who come to a chamber-music concert ''can meet people of their own cultural tastes.''
13 14 6 ELVIS, by Albert Goldman.
''These problems in the Soviet Union are deep and delicate.
Still, the disaster was far more serious than it should have been.
If and when he wins 300 games, he'll probably confess again.
Another controversial decision, made 10 days ago, will require dealers to file trade reports on the most active over-the-counter securities, beginning early next year.
Cruises Spring is considered an off season in the cruise business.
If ever, however, it broke its bonds, he was most tremendous in his wrath.... His heart was not warm in its affections; but he exactly calculated every man's value, and gave him a solid esteem proportioned to it.
Stefan Olszowske, a moderate conservative Politburo member, came in just ahead, with 1,090 votes.
In the Roman Catholic Church of St. Thomas More yesterday, Sharon Walsted Packey, a financial analyst with the Union Carbide Corporation, was married to Barnet Phillips 4th, a partner in the New York law firm of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom.
Mr. Schiliro asserted that he had drawn substantial support from Republican voters upset by the trial of Joseph M. Margiotta, the Nassau Republican leader, on charges of extorting insurance fees.
It was heavily publicized in East German newspapers.
Mr. Kubelik made the Brucknerian grunts and groans resound mightily, and when the last stone of the edifice or pyramid or great stone wall was finally hoisted into place, the Philharmonic's audience exulted along with the craftsman.
''I really didn't care for it.
The rest of the cast fell into place and a critically praised, if somewhat accidental, ''La Traviata'' was born.
The Islanders knew last night's romp over Toronto was going to be a hard act to follow, but no one expected a complete collapse.
Yet we are told that most solar homes are ugly as if most nonsolar homes today are beautiful.
EP called ''ESG'' (99-04 EP FAC 34).
Besides, nobody sits on the front porch these days reading the paper and watching the evening star.
After three years of controversy, the staff of the Federal Trade Commission has recommended that the agency drop its investigation into regulating children's advertising on television.
The discussions have been deferred pending next month's parliamentary election in Ireland, but they can be expected to resume with vigor, regardless of which party wins power in Dublin.
These management decisions have resulted in the largest request for services in our history.
The Special Forces were established by the Army in 1952 to provide the United States with an unconventional-warfare unit capable of carrying out commando and intelligence operations, but it was not until the Presidency of John F. Kennedy that the forces really flourshed.
Although neither company explained the provision, which would not be exercised if the deal goes through, Wall Street sources said that the option was "designed to signal anyone seeking to outbid American Express that Shearson isn't interested in any other offers."
At 305 Broadway, near Duane Street, a vacant 14-story office building was sold to Herman Abbott.
Abandoned by her husband after the accident - which leaves Rose partially paralyzed and almost psychotic from brain damage - Rose and her two young sons are brought back home.
Nor have we staked out a clear policy on Strategic Arms Limitation Talks.
''In West Germany,'' he noted, ''the drive is called 'Weapons for El Salvador.'
Mr. Mays said: ''Honestly, I was about to shoot the boy at one point because I had no idea the gun wasn't real.
That request was rejected and this is where the matter stands, according to Egyptian officals.
It is a difficult decision, according to one hospital official, because many patients are being treated for alcohol-related disorders, and at least temporary abstinence from alcohol is among the prescribed therapies.
John Dommerich, who prosecuted the case for the state, said he was not surprised by the verdict.
Haynes, a starting cornerback, had a groin strain.
He was 72 years old.
For example, Akai's GX-F60R and CS-M40R decks ($570 and $400, respectvely) are notably quick in switching tape tracks and direction, and automatically starting to record on the other side of the cassette after the first side runs out.
They allowed Georgia to strike quickly and decisively.
Forty-six years later, it remains unlikely that the Russians will soon officially change their esthetic doctrines.
SOME very handy aids are available for the hobbyist or craftsman from specialty stores that generally sell to professionals and trades people but will also sell to the general public.
If the pickup is gentle - it is often signaled by jerks from the eel trying to escape the predator - one should let the bass complete its first run before throwing the reel in gear and setting the hook.
He dismisses criticism of the special effects, which he feels were narratively relevant; scientifically, even painstakingly, accurate, and technologically spectacular.
With our budget cuts we presented a complete program of reduction in tax rates.
The high-walled compound sits, a foreboding presence, on the edge of this lushly foliaged town.
Buses connect the campus to the White Plains station of Conrail.
Allows free transportation of guide dogs for the hearing impaired.
"Somebody at the top is making a lot of money, but we were never able to investigate it," said Robert Wortham, who had worked for the Police Department for 16 years, including eight in the intelligence division, before going to work for Mr. Hakim.
Both Communist and non-Communist diplomats have said that they believe the party's new-found religious tolerance to be rooted in two goals: the need to curry favor with as many sectors of society as possible in an effort to rebuild the party's sunken prestige; and the need to use churches, temples and other religious institutions as tourist attractions for earning foreign exchange.
In more recent and still excellent works such as ''Night Creature'' (1974), to Duke Ellington's music, Mr. Ailey demonstrates the eclecticism of his later idiom.
But in at least one case, there was a lot of publicity about a product that turned out to be a disappointment.
''It affirms what we've been saying all along - that it's structurally not safe,'' said Steve Leeds, an Abalone spokesman.
The artist signed it, ''Political prisoner being illegally detained by the Iranian criminals.''
As president, he will succeed James W. Sikes, 51, who was elected to the vacant post of chairman while continuing as chief executive officer of the company, which has its headquarters in Lakeland, Fla. ''I'll be doing the detailed operating of the business,'' Mr. Norton said in a telephone interview.
To the Editor: Kenneth Dunn's Sept. 2 Op-Ed article, ''People Want Tax Aid on Tuition,'' is likely to convince only those who do not have all the facts.
de Sevigne would have agreed with them.
Here in the San Joaquin Valley, where the atmosphere is as different from glittering Los Angeles and urbane San Francisco as, say, Valdosta, Ga., is from Greenwich Village, pesticides are a fact of life.
Administration officials are also concerned by what they call the ''institutional precedent.''
Senator Edward M. Kennedy of Massachusetts, for example, said the Administration stood for ''billion-dollar tax breaks for the oil companies, $1,000 china plates for the White House, and onrushing recession for hard-working families.''
Carol E. Dinkins has been nominated as Assistant Attorney General for Land and Natural Resources.
WASHINGTON INITIATORS of the study disavow any connection, but the recently undertaken inquiry into import entry procedures is interpreted as another form of subtle pressure being placed on Japan to agree to voluntary export restraints on car shipments to the United States.
The protests began on Dec. 14, the day after martial law was imposed, and, a week later, according to the authorities, more than 2,800 workers were on strike - 1,154 at Ziemowit and 1,742 at Piast.
It is commitment to order and inequality, not freedom, that renders the conservative program coherent and the apocalyptical visions of its moralists comprehensible.
Some Democratic leaders think that the coalition between the conservative Democrats and the Republicans is a temporary aberration.
The 10-9 was best from South's viewpoint, since it made it likely that hearts would break evenly.
In an interview at his Park Avenue apartment, the Governor acknowledged that ''it's not easy to get money these days.''
To the Editor: As a native Philadelphian, I would like to point out that the Academy of Music was not erected in 1847, as the article states.
It's a neighborhood where integration works, and it'll continue working if they leave us alone.''
''While I understand their impatience - all judges have felt so on occasion -the judges who are making the effort to organize this association are shortsighted.
I was able to grab him by the shoulder, but I fell over a railing and the man got away.''
Hardworking, dedicated college athletes are ignored for the superstars.
"The county withdrew at the last minute, claiming that the political climate was not right," he said, referring to Mr. DelBello's testifying as a witness in the hearings while running for re-election.
The Algerians, who pride themselves on being revolutionaries, have not disguised their unhappiness with what they felt was a revolution gone awry in Iran; they wanted Teheran to free the hostages so it would stop giving Islamic revolutionaries a bad name, one American official said.
An increasing element of Mr. Bennett's theatricality is borrowed from film.
* National Can Corp. said that Victor Posner, the Miami Beach financier, had increased his stake in the company through purchases of blocks of 400,000 shares and 250,000 shares.
On the fifth formal vote, Mr. Seidel's book won, closely followed by James Merrill's ''Script for the Pageant.''
Her grandfather, the late Dow Henry Drukker Jr., was publisher of The Passaic Herald News and had served as commissioner of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey.
Nevertheless, he said the other day that he was delighted with the response to his idea and even dropped a hint on an appropriate reward - reappointment to the bench.
The announcement said that the airline was taking an option on 25 additional 320's.
''The situation is very, very dangerous,'' Dr. Kreisky declared.
This is less than one-third of the cost of the oil alone to make the same electricity.
Mr. Trudeau has dimissed such an idea because it would produce, in his view, a ''checkerboard'' Canada in which some citizens would have rights that others did not.
Keys to solving that puzzle.
''This may sound funny,'' he added, ''but the better the North Stars play, the better we play, too.
Mr. Graziano, a sophomore at Queensborough college who does a little weekend business in Tshirts, reported sales of his Belmont Stakes 1981 model far from brisk.
---- Reaction of U.S. Farm- ers WASHINGTON, Aug.5 (UPI) -American farmers expressed mixed feelings today toward the extension of the United States-Soviet grain agreement and of future talks that could produce a new long-term pact.
Under the new plan, the New York City office will no longer supervise drug enforcement from Maine to Delaware but will be responsible for New York alone.
Hot dogs (70 cents) are the most familiar offerings and those of Sabrett and House of Weenies proved to be the best choices, with Sabrett having a slight edge, especially for the large, spicy sausage, cured and steamed like frankfurters (90 cents).
I know real service would work.''
Such forces broke through only in less courtly contexts - as in the theatrical works of Shakespeare and Marlowe.
It lacks that quaver and that certain something that suggested hidden tears whenever Miss Garland sang.
Among them is a royal crown made of thin sheets of gold.
The south is angry over state plans to limit development of the pinelands and of beach property.
After reading the entire column aloud, cutting out only the dull stuff and correcting my use of ''bases'' - ''I didn't give bases, I gave facilities'' -Mr. Sadat concluded: ''This I don't consider the point of view of the American people at all.
regulations, a charter operator is required to inform all passengers of the availability of optional insurance to protect them against penalties for canceling or interrupting air and ground arrangements because of illness or death in the family.
Mr. Hinckley, 26 years old, visited New Haven, where Yale is situated, on at least two occasions in an attempt to meet with the actress in the months before the President was shot.
''Why, there are people out there who don't even know how to get a bus - that you have to stand out on the road and wave it down.''
However, the Administration has not sent legislation of its own to Capitol Hill.
Prof. John R. Meyer, a Harvard economist and transportation expert who is a director of Union Pacific Corporation and a former director of Conrail, says: ''You've had some rather generous and wellintentioned but nevertheless often very harmful labor settlements.
''I would be making a gesture,'' the 34-year-old lawmaker said yesterday, as she downed a hasty lunch of chocolate chip ice cream.
''I didn't expect it,'' said Bobby Knight, the Indiana coach, ''but in my wildest imagination, I thought it was possible.
Dr. Zee, the widow of Dr. Waysung New, an orthopedic surgeon in China, is survived by a son, Dr. Peter New of Toronto.
Those who make this old parish church their reference point will find it hard to get lost in Simla.
But none of these emotional responses meets the issue.
As we stood on the street with our luggage, exhausted and anxious, someone spoke to us in English: ''What is your program?''
It's used for pastries and grown mostly in the Pacific Northwest.''
Even Mr. Benjamin wouldn't attempt to distract us from the other star of the evening, Judith Jamison, and no wonder.
There also was some second-guessing on Joe Taub's part.
There are many ways to learn that honesty is the best policy, but former executives at Industrial Bio-Test Laboratories Inc., of Northbrook, Ill., chose the hard way.
Woodchopper was caught in heavy traffic at Churchill Downs and got clear only in the last eighth of a mile for his closing rush.
Not between ''an economic recovery package that ... is the only answer we have left'' and ''the old and comfortable way (of) shave a little here and add a little there.''
or a shove - everybody here seems happy.''
He continues with a current example: ''On this job, I have 30 men.
In New Jersey, where the right of parents to educate their children at home is well-established, ''there are about 150 families doing home study,'' according to Mrs. Plent.
Portuguese pignolias, a variety of pine nuts, sell by the quarter-pound for $2.79 and are sought mostly by cooks, not nibblers.
Mr. Brous, who joined Korvettes in 1965 after working for R.H. Macy & Company, was named its executive vice president in 197l and president in 1972.
That's not the only problem.
'The Plot Thickens' As Representative Bill Alexander, Democrat of Arkansas, the chief deputy whip, put it today, ''The plot thickens.''
He is also one of the two consummate team players in the league; the other is Larry Bird.
Children in kindergarten through third grade would be exempt; they would attend neighborhood schools.
As a result, banks and savings institutions may pay 14.29 percent on six-month savings cedrtificates.
We are not moving out from the area.''
Each of those opponents has a losing record, notably the Colts with a club-record 11-game losing streak.
It sounded to me like Mr. Patten was trying to discredit what Tony has said.
Neither Meadlowlands nor Madison Square Garden officials would concede that the schedule at the Meadowlands posed a threat to the Garden, where college basketball made its first appearance in a large noncampus arena in 1934.
It said heavy artillery exchanges continued today near the oil-refinery city of Abadan, but it gave no indication that the Iranians had lifted the siege of the city or regained any of the other territory that Iraqis had seized.
At General Electric, for example, of 2,000 undergraduate and graduate students hired each year, only about 250 are liberal-arts majors.
The A's got only four hits but scored two unearned runs in the first inning on a throwing error by Frank Tanana (3-5).
''A Day in the Dark,'' her last story, is the last one in the book.
-------------------------------------------------------------------- Elizabeth Lincoln is a freelance writer.
That would be brilliant strategy.''
Some can inquire directly to determine if funds or checks have cleared.
Do not get angry about the train that just whizzed past you as you gazed out the window.
Incredible as it may seem, it is not.
Here is how the dollar fared in New York, compared with Tuesday: 2.4780 marks, down from 2.5020; 5.9150 French francs, down from 5.9425; 2.1515 Swiss francs, down from 2.1790.
The recent debate on the neutron bomb, sparked b y President Reagan's decision to procure the weapon, is founded on at otal misconception of its military value.
Dr. Hayes said he expected the food industry to cooperate because the effort was ''an important health promotion initiative - to help people help themselves become healthier.''
Of the 29 patients who remained, 12 experienced no substantial loss of scalp hair and 10 had only a minor loss, or not enough to require a wig for cosmetic purposes.
Doctors in the Soviet Union, however, are of another opinion and so is 12-year-old Todd Cantrell.
However, packets will be available from mail-order catalogues.
Married women tend to worry about how their husbands will react and single women wonder if they should avoid men altogether.
Mr. Hunter's own firsthand, nonliterary experience in the field has included raising three sons -one who is now 30 years old and twins 16 months younger - and a stepdaughter, Amanda, who is 18.
It was awash with dove-blue morning, it splashed with youthful rhythm.
Mario Andretti was declared the winner of the Indianapolis 500 this morning as Bobby Unser, who had crossed the finish line in first place almost 17 hours before, became the first driver ever to have an Indianapolis victory voided by the officials.
This is a sober, serious and grimly effective performance, although the audiophile version does not seem spectacularly superior to the original pressing.
''The firm pays a monthly remuneration to the members of the board, including Takase,'' said Toshikazu Kurokawa, general manager of Technova.
Since then they have expanded on all fronts and their story can be told in a series of key dates: 1946, the establishment of a second, touring company, Sadler's Wells Theater Ballet; 1949, the Covent Garden company's first smash American tour opening at the Met in the Petipa-Ashton ''Sleeping Beauty'' - though the impresario Sol Hurok doubted that an American audience would stand for a ballet of that length; 1956, a Royal Charter conferred on the company the title of Royal Ballet; 1962, a legendary partnership born when Rudolf Nureyev, a muscular faun who had defected from the Kirov Ballet, danced Albrecht to Margot Fonteyn's Giselle; 1963, Mr. Ashton's replacing Miss de Valois as director and, after a rich period for the company (including the creation of Ashton's own Shakespeare-in-a-nutshell ''Dream''), his giving way in 1970 to a shy, tall, thickset Scot, Kenneth MacMillan.
The driving force behind the shift toward custom design is the increasing complexity of the integrated circuit chips.
It was the husky Illinois Congressman, along with the Senate Republican leader, Howard H. Baker Jr., who gave the President the blunt news on Monday that his new budget package was headed for defeat unless he dropped the idea of delaying annual increases in Social Security benefits.
Commuters, white-collar latecomers to small-town life, are up and about, too.
Although some of the shellfish were overcooked, the extremely generous serving with lots of lobster,clams and sli ces of squid was a meal unto itself.
And they were not at 10 o'clock in the morning, when the first of four matches was played because the Garden was needed for last night's National Invitation Tournament basketball final.
Last September, by contrast, the rate was 9.97 percent, reflecting the sharp decline in yields that began in March of that year from a peak of 14.46 percent.
''Then they dropped down to the C level.
''Candida'' will also feature Jane Curtin of television's old ''Saturday Night Live'' show as Prossy, the secretary in love with Candida's minister husband.
With the cachet of having been mentioned in the works of F. Scott Fitzgerald and J.D.
But Red Auerbach, Boston's president and general manager, had to wait until the closing minutes of the game to light his traditional victory cigar.
''The damage reports, of course, are whatever you want to say,'' said John Stein, tropical products analyst with Shearson Loeb Rhoades Inc. in New York.
There were a few people who thought he was too dedicated; others felt he didn't pay enough attention to building friendships with top management at the home office.
Two of the men - Thomas Falvey, a 56-year-old laborer, of 90-29 187th Place, Hollis, Queens, and George Harrison, a 67-year-old security guard, of 465 East Ninth Street, Brooklyn - were seized outside Mr. Falvey's home Friday evening, hours after they had paid an undercover agent of the Federal Bureau of Investigation $16,000 for 42 automatic rifles, submachine guns and handguns.
In addition, Republican control of the Senate will mean that the chairmanships of some key committees involved in framing education bills will pass into the hands of conservative members more likely to assent to aiding parochial and other private schools.
As I remember it, Nixon had a technique of confusion in dealing with the Soviets.
It could also be the American Philharmonic, Lincoln Center's newest resident orchestra, which opens its first season of Monday night concerts at Avery Fisher Hall next week.
One customer said she had seen her dress for $100 more at Neiman Marcus.
For example, training programs derived from Plato research are part of the computer systems Control Data sells to its hardware customers.
Potential Benefit to Plaintiffs One official, however, characterized the recording as of potential benefit to the plaintiffs in the civil damage suit that is still pending against John N. Mitchell, who was the Attorney General under Mr. Nixon.
He had originally planned to go to Stratford, Ontario, with the director John Dexter, whose triple bill ''Parade'' was such a success at the Metropolitan Opera House last season.
James Tyrone ..............................Earle Hyman Mary Tyrone .............................Gloria Foster Jamie Tyrone ...........................Al Freeman Jr. Edmund Tyrone .....................Peter Francis-James Cathleen ...............................Samantha McKoy
On 16 R-QB4, Renman could have stopped the threat of 17 B-B7 by either 16 ... N-Q4 or 16 ... N-K1, but 17 B-Q3 would have yieldedWhite superior development.
In other developments today, striking controllers in Nashua, N.H., Chicago and other cities filed notice of their intention to contest their dismissal.
Asked when that money would produce results, the head of the authority's bus division, Andrew G. Schiavone, replied: ''Certainly not this cooling season.
But as long as there is still an opportunity for that kind of action to take place, then we're acting responsibly.
(Westchester's first countywide fair will be held on May 3 from 10 A.M. to 6 P.M. at Westchester Community College in Valhalla as a fund-raising and warm-up activity.)
Open the paper or foil.
The battle began in earnest in 1978, when Leon Spinks upset Muhammad Ali for the unified title.
White Tops If one thinks that America is producing some late bloomers in winter sports, such as John Broman, one might want to check the competitive rolls at Hunter Mountain on Wednesday morning when more than 100 skiers are scheduled to compete in a meet.
The town of Turpan is a grid of low-density streets, lined with single-story buildings that had once been painted white.
Corrections Commissioner Thomas Coughlin contends that turnover at Green Haven is more acute than elsewhere because many guards come from New York City and take the first opportunity to transfer to prisons nearer home.
Darryl Sittler scored his 25th and 26th goals, including the winner with 11:05 left, in Toronto's triumph.
There are loads of familiarly funny gags in the film, which opens today at the Sutton, the Criterion Center and the 34th Street East and other theaters.
Mr. Greenblatt had argued that Mr. Youmans was questioned by the police about the crimes within a matter of weeks after they were committed and had never fled, although, he pointed out, his client obviously knew of the authorities' interest in him.
In the second place, when I retired to cooking in my own home, I found a great pleasure in a leisurely form of cookery.
''All of our seven employees are local,'' Mr. Weyant says.
Two narcotics dealers have been executed in the southern Iranian town of Bandar Abbas, the state radio said today.
While Mr. McDonell said there were still management improvements to be made, the computer operation is now flourishing in its selected markets, including flight simulators, seismic analysis for oil exploration and financial transaction processing, which represent ''several billion dollars in market vista.''
The Autovias leave Chihuahua at 8 every morning except Wednesday, and depart from Los Mochis at 7 every morning except Monday and Thursday.
As Taylor points out, this is no simple chore because manufacturers differ considerably regarding optional and standard equipment.
He improved his best time for 10 miles, finishing in 46:07.3.
This method, used only with cash offers, has the advantage of allowing the offer to proceed more quickly with minimum documentation required.
''When I was 13 or 14, I really thought everything I felt was wrong and dangerous, and that God was going to kill me for it.
''It's a musical extravaganza along the lines of the 'Ziegfeld Follies,' with spectacular costumes and sets.''
The Treasury announced that it was increasing the size of this month's two-year note auction to $4.75 billion, up $250 million from recent auctions.
In a pastoral idyll called ''Scene in the Park'' (1976), for example, we again glimpse the figure of Icarus falling earthward - a strange but poetic supernatural rupture in an otherwise peaceful and naturalistic tableau of open-air festivity.
I have already started to work on it in my own mind.
Moving this economic package is going to be a massive selling job.''
When will it be too late for Mr. Corenswet, a Harvard graduate with a degree in economics, to turn back?
It is an austere, clinical-looking shop that dispenses not only the roes of beluga, osetra and sevruga sturgeon, mainly form Russia, but also the intense concentrate called pressed caviar, several varieties of silken smoked fish, piroshki and blini.
The pact is expected to establish a unified base of $34 a barrel, which would have the effect of raising U.S. gasoline prices by 2 to 3 cents a gallon.
Chi Chi Rodriguez says he was 20 years ahead of his time.
East had bid clubs, raised spades enthusiastically and produced two hearts.
Tarten cenin, the Welsh leek tart, is a counterpart of one I first tasted that had been made by a friend's Breton mother-in-law who lived in Le Val Andre.
And: ''Accidents are a permanent relationship.''
A more justifiable contention might be that sports are the theater of life.
It was tracked to Tripoli, Libya.
Add the chicken broth and potatoes and simmer until the vegetables are tender but not mushy, about 20 minutes.
The charges at Willow Kennels, according to Jack Rosenzweig, the owner, are similar: $55 to prepare and deliver your first animal for shipment anywhere in the United States plus $5 for each additional one, and $75 for international shipment of the first pet and $5 for each additional one.
By contrast, Stefan Olszowski, a hard-line member of the Politburo, and General Jaruzelski have been praised in some recent Soviet publications.
A.T.& T. announced earlier this month that its 1980 profit margin was 9.91 percent.
The June decline, the first since February, occurred despite a post-strike surge in coal production and in energy generation.
Mr. Thomas makes us believe that the healing process, at long last, can truly begin.
If so, a higher civilization, similar to ours, might have developed from it at about the time that the Earth was formed.
Mr. Wyler married the actress Margaret Sullavan in 1934, after directing her in ''The Good Fairy.''
If America could confer de facto immunity on an Iranian traitor and murderer, winking at his crimes against humanity, the revolutionary students reasoned that there was no obstacle to removing protection from suspect U.S. operatives in their own country.
Western cities and towns swell and ache with their booming populations, and the West's political voices, many of them reactionary, grow louder by the day.
Unluckily, no one was on hand to ''improve'' his ''Heaven's Gate.''
So there it is from the man on the beat: Foot patrol deters crime.
Irwin Fruchtman, the Buildings Commissioner, agreed that the department should make inspections more frequently.
They live with worries of medical expenses, decline of ability to work, economic instability and discrimination against them by nonvictims.
In this sentence, he betrays a taste for overloading that disturbs an otherwise amusing line.
The prison term of 20 years to life imposed on Mr. Chapman in State Supreme Court in Manhattan last Monday - five years less than the maximum allowed under the law - was a classic example of a bargained plea: The defendant gets a lighter sentence, or in some instances is allowed to admit guilt to a less serious crime than the one with which he is charged, in return for voluntarily waiving his right to stand trial.
CARE has sent about 100,000 food packages to Poland this year, according to its executive director, Philip Johnston.
There are letters from such as Gertrude Stein and Henry James.
The defense objected, and the judge took the request under advisement.
At his death in 1880 all knew that a master had gone.
The President was disinclined to make formal and comprehensive speeches.
Sampson, who is finishing his sophomore year, must declare whether he intends to play pro basketball next season by April 25.
Physically equipped for the task - he could manipulate muscles at will and regurgitate swallowed picks when needed - he also acquired an encyclopedic knowledge of locks.
But later trouble flared again at the nearby Lambeth Town Hall, as nearly 1,000 black youths attacked police cordons.
In a ruling that struck at the core of the principal defense argument that, under the state's laws, their actions were justified by fears of a calamitous occurrence, a nuclear holocaust, Judge Samuel W. Salus 2d held that the testimony of the four witnesses, all opponents of nuclear arms with scientific or professional credentials, would be irrelevant.
Bishop Tutu was unable to attend because his passport has been withdrawn.
2 and 3 to Grand Army Plaza.
Revenues were up 10.7 percent, to $3.32 billion, from $3 billion.
Frank McDevitt, the union president, said he would recommend approval of the contract.
Mr. Sommers said that the recession might not be severe or prolonged.
''Fantasy and imagery are part of all normal sexuality,'' says Dr. Helen Singer Kaplan, one of the leading specialists in treating sexual disorders.
Yet American consumers were given false signals by prices that, in effect, ''lied'' about the relationship of the domestic market to the world market.
Most pitchers don't stay in the minors long enough to win 125 games, but he did.
Ninna Turner Fisher, daughter of Mrs. Frederick H. Chatfield of Cincinnati, and Julian Potter Fisher of La Porte, Tex., was married yesterday to Robert Breck Denny, son of George P. Denny of Old Westbury, L.I., and Boca Grande, Fla., and the late Mrs. Denny.
Dave Maloney, the defenseman, has been out 12 days and will miss three more weeks with a broken thumb.
It was an impromptu celebration of mammoth proportion.
While the Russians apparently hold an edge in these five fields, the commanders and staff here see weaknesses in the Soviet system and are intent on improving ways of exploiting the weaknesses.
These are thin lenses mounted in rings that slip on or screw on to the end of a regular camera lens.
We all understand its value, and that's why most of us want what it has to offer.
One of the Federal prosecutors said in court that Mr. Casey's trial testimony was ''directly contrary'' to his testimony before the grand jury.
People only know of Sandy Saddler as one of the greatest fighters ever.
And I think that when we see a case of this kind it reveals that hidebound regulations can be a tremendous expense to the taxpayers and doing no good to the patient.
The biggest test of all is finding a sense of security, particularly if one must face the indefinite future alone.
His function in the universe, I gather, is to maintain the balance of nature by eating horses.
Elary Gromoff, a priest of the Russian Orthodox church who was raised by an Aleut Indian family, and Elizabeth Lestenkoff, a full-blooded Aleut, who, like her husband, was born and raised in the isolated Pribiloff Islands.
The last two games Reggie Jackson has been the cleanup hitter for the first time since May 26.
Monday these flights were canceled, and yesterday they were reported to be sporadic.
Even those working in pregnancy-prevention programs for teen-agers find it very difficult to dissuade teen-agers from accepting the sexual values prevalent in this modern society.
Referring to Hofstra as ''a city of learning,'' Dr. Shuart said that if future income was used to amplify university resources, ''it is all in support of a learning process.''
A company's share to both funds would amount to a maximum of 2 cents on each $1 of profit.
''It is not 'Mayor,' '' he rumbled.
The rule of the day is 60 minutes of gut-crushing, bone-crunching action performed by a team of highpriced assassins.
The library is at 1691 Meadowbrook Road.
"You can get an awful dose from those things in minutes."
What results is an often a pro-consumer point of view that makes Brooklyn Union appear a shade unconventional in the oil-drenched firmament of energy companies, which, with the likes of Exxon and Mobil, account for more than 40 percent of the profits of all American companies.
It is a devotional statuette, no more than 11 inches high, that impresses at once by its warmth of color, its warmth of touch and its warmth of feeling.
The computer, the most visible example of modern technology, will proliferate beyond most people's imaginings.
Millions for Repairs Even before settling on its new $110 million program, the Koch administration had committed itself to a variety of improvements on the F.D.R.
On Jan. 1, 1982, I will become a partner in the law firm of Akin, Gump, Strauss, Hauer & Feld in Washington, D.C.
Mr. Mailer hopes to see the play open in the spring or fall.
), I only hope that someone will educate him to the 20th century.
But, under questioning by Mr. Prashker, he acknowledged that three controllers dismissed or suspended by the Federal Aviation Administration for a union job action in 1978 were paid out of the ''benefit fund.''
Cross, slowed by an injured ankle, had only 2 points in the first half.
And he cannot tell me how long that will take.
Kriek, a South African, beat Tim Gullikson of the United States, 7-5, 6-4, but finished the match injured.
The dollar has lost its irresistibility; in addition, fees offered by the Met to European stars in many cases have not kept pace with those offered abroad.
Companies The First Boston Corporation was the marriage broker that brought together the Prudential Insurance Company of America and the Bache Group.
Mr. Schultz said the issue was not critical in the fiscal year 1982 because it was easier to finance Government deficits during recessions, when private credit demand is weak.
''Their facilities are geared to producing the very products for which demand is weakest.''
Many students, faculty members and administrators say that the trend has accelerated since last fall, producing a more straitlaced, conservative freshman class.
Another guard had already been charged with setting a fire at the hotel on Feb. 18.
Last year, Putnam balked - and refused to contribute.
Perhaps the casual arrangement of chairs in an open studio set is not as conducive to uninhibited chatter as that old plain table.
''The last thing the Saudis want to do is to see their own policies markedly affect exchange rates, especially that of the dollar or the pound in which they are already heavily invested,'' said Mr. Ramond of Predex.
It includes fragments from other ballets and even a section originally scheduled as an independent presentation.
Lieutenant Cooke, a former deputy commander of a Titan 2 nuclear missile crew, has been charged with passing military secrets to the Soviet Embassy in Washington and with failing to report contacts with Soviet officials.
Per shr figures reflect a 15 percent stock divd declared Feb 4 1981
The surviving members - a factory worker, an opera singer, a housing commissioner, a professor, as well as others - join together 30 years later to honor their former coach.
The Newark Museum has borrowed three science films originally televised on the PBS ''Nova'' series and will show them free Fridays at 12:30 P.M. this month.
Tripucka, the rookie from Notre Dame, finished with 27 points.
cleanup,'' and he asserted that the Administration's plans to speed up licensing was therefore ''a narrow and short-sighted view.''
They came, as Washington-bound protesters almost always do, by bus - hundreds of them, filling the major highways and causing congestion at roadside rest and food centers.
In the early 1970's, as a lieutenant, Mr. Deutcsh commanded the Brooklyn Auto Squad.
Admission to a group of homes costs from $3 to $10; admission to one is $1.50 or $2.
''We were playing for all the marbles and the guys handled it well.
3-year-old Clelia Peters from Central Park West asked, venturing close to Ranger Karen Kelsey and Edgerton.
However, analysts here believe the Tokyo Government came to believe that with Japan enjoying an embarrassingly large $18 billion trade surplus with the United States this year, some concession on the defense budget needed to be made.
That gives us less to worry about and enables us to concentrate on the things that are really important.
This form of arbitrage has traditionally been dominated by a small coterie of skilled money managers trading millions of dollars for the profitand-loss accounts of their own brokerage firms, trust funds and large institutional investors.
Torrey is not expected to return to New York until Wednesday, but said he hoped to clear up the Bourne contract situation with Wichard by phone before then.
The finale drew a crowd of 22,109, which increased attendance for the 42-day meeting to 771,416, or 3.2 percent more than the 1980 fall meeting.
Scientists and others interested in speculating about monsters convened here yesterday to discuss the possibility that a large creature lurks in Lake Champlain.
Does she know terms of the company's pension plan?
He believes it is a solstice marker, less complex than the world's most famous one at Stonehenge, but built on a grander scale.
---- Louisiana Chairman Resigns NEW ORLEANS, April 22 (AP) -Sidney M. Delaney, chairman of the Louisiana Racing Commission, said today he had resigned.
Reagan is replying, with an amiable nod of his head, well, he may have said some foolish things in the past, but he didn't act foolishly like Jimmy Carter.
"I have learned through experience that 99 percent of the time nature is more accurate than any perception I might have."
The two-year bankers acceptance agreement, the largest ever negotiated, comes up for renewal on that date.
We should meet evil by whatever means and in whatever forum available.
Davis could not be reached for comment.
Progress in this area is likely to make a large contribution to the improvement of the political climate and the restoration of confidence in international relations.
approach would build up trust-fund reserves for the long-term financing of the system.
Some Treasury bill rates fell as much as one-quarter percentage point yesterday, and the Crocker National Bank, the nation's 12th largest, lowered its prime rate to 20 percent from 20 1/2 percent.
If interest rates on six-month savings certificates rose to 16 or 17 percent and stayed there for a substantial length of time, Mr.Pratt said, problems in the industry would be serious enough to require Government moves to protect depositors.
The Military Council of National Salvation sets the Government the task of quickly adapting the economic management system to the conditions of martial law.
Miss Norman is still in her early 30's and has not appeared frequently on the operatic stage.
About 25 to 30 percent of her work is advertising.
The President also signed letters to six Congressional leaders and the governors of Wisconsin and Michigan notifying them of his decision.
Spink has figured in many memorable works of fiction.
On his retirement from the positions in 1978, he had been with the company 39 years.
Mr. Walker is serving five to 10 years in the case.
This was a political accommodation.''
An honorary Doctor of Laws degree was awarded to W. Kenneth Riland, a doctor of osteopathy, who is the chairman of the college's board of governors.
Vow Nonviolent Resistance The demonstrators here say they fear an imminent move by the police to dislodge them.
He told a New York lawyer who is an art collector to turn over to an East German museum two 15th-century paintings by Albrecht Durer.
Feuillete of spring vegetables consisted of slivers of mushrooms lightly enveloped in a bechamel sauce and wrapped in a crisp hot pastry ''envelope.''
The departures are from Zurich at 12:30 P.M. and from the Arlberg resorts between 7:15 and 7:45 A.M.
I'm in a pretty good groove now.
But, with enough luxury and performance to leave the others in the dust, that addition may still make the car the No.
He found that only 220 people - a disappointing total - had received the drug.
From here he undermined the authority of one of Mr. Deng's adversaries, Wang Dongxing, the former commander of Mao's bodyguards and a key ally of Mr. Hua.
The concerts will open a tour of the United States, Mr. Macias's first in seven years.
''But the public has to realize that these people have approximated function,'' Dr. Siegal said, ''that they are different.
Loosely, ''Funny Face'' is about a rich young man and his younger sister.
For example, an instructional certificate may be endorsed for English or English and French or English, French and social studies.
''Accident'' is a term to be reserved for ''acts of God.''
Japanese Companies' Plans A few Japanese shoe makers, such as the ICC Corporation, the largest producer, hope to shore up business by expanding ties with American buyers.
Questions of sanitation and safety, the impact of floating homes on nearby property values, and the fact that these dwellings are sheltered from property taxes because they are not on land, are issues that have been debated often.
John W. Flesey and the Rev.
Most dealers expect to shut shortly after the close of the Chicago Board of Trade and Chicago Mercantile Exchange, which have become important sectors of the money market because of their surging trading in Government and private financial instrument futures.
Rockwell was designated the prime contractor of the B-1 bomber in 1970.
''And you know,'' concluded Miss Charles-Roux, smoothing her chignon, ''she was always right.
Following are excerpts from the statement of Eugene V. Rostow before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on his nomination to be director of the Arms Control and Disarmament Agency: Many look to arms control agreements as magical guarantees of peace.
And I understand that the Iranian students very quickly on identified you as a C.I.A.
''That is when I thought of escaping.''
Janacek completed the score to his satisfaction shortly before he died in 1928, but the first performance and all subsequent productions have used a corrupt version incorporating ''corrections'' by two of his pupils.
Gnocchi, ravioli, manicotti, cannelloni, lasagne and jumbo stuffed shells can be purchased in bulk, or in steamtable pans, for reheating.
The kind of books it heralded -low-priced, 4 1/4-by-7-inch paper-covered volumes -revolutionized reading habits not just in New York, but in towns and neighborhoods where books had never been sold before.
And since domestic credit is tight and optimum local interest rates are as high as 34 percent, a cutback in new investment may follow, the sources added.
The Mediterranean is only an hour's drive or so from Brissac, but there is little reason to go there.
''I always finish a book no matter what.''
There are now 900 members who contribute $82,000.
The Hotel-Dieu is Beaune's grandest attraction, with its perfectly preserved Burgundian-Flemish architecture and priceless art collection.
Gone from these films is the traditional arbiter of emotions who makes order out of chaos and subdues his private passions.
Our contractors installed bathrooms, modern kitchens and a brand-new oil-fired heating system.
One-day courses in home improvement are being offered.
New physician-scientists will be needed to test and evaluate new discoveries in such areas as immunology, cell biology, urology and neurology.
There are also smaller chains, such as Ackerman-Tolchin, and a few independently owned theaters, such as the Pickwick in Dobbs Ferry.
''We don't bother anyone for just smoking,'' said another agent, who asked not to be quoted by name.
Peel and slice potatoes into 2-by-1/2-inch strips.
8 P.M. June 30 - A ''portrait'' of the trumpet player Roy Eldridge, with performances by Dizzy Gillespie, Zoot Sims, Clark Terry and Lee Konitz.
The Government's plan to join the alliance, which is opposed by both the Socialists and the Communists, has so far aroused little passion, but a resumption of terrorism would increase tension surrounding the debate.
This is part and parcel of the President's economic-recovery program.
Many of the economic woes of those countries are directly traceable to their heavy reliance on a handful of food and raw materials exports, whose prices are subject to the wild gyrations of international commodity markets.
Mr. Ulrichshofer is an Austrian.
I don't say it boastfully, but I've performed every one of my fantasies.
The least expensive model, the Chevrolet Chevette hatchback, will go up $253, to $5,513; the Cadillac Coupe de Ville will rise $904, to $15,249.
No City Link to Suburbs Yet local officials there agree that missing persons efforts in the area are deficient.
The correct figure is closer to 13,000.
In its ''Once Upon an Island'' exhibit, which opened last month, for example, the museum displays trompe l'oeil stores, authentic oystering tools, a replica of a Dutch schoolroom and even a ship's hull packed with provisions.
''Last year, without a coordinator, was kind of a wasted year for everybody,'' said Todd.
In the tax-exempt market, prices were firm.
What I worry about is whether two kids coming up from the minors can make it in one year.''
According to studies done by Employment Research Associates in Lansing, Mich., 26 states with a total of 60 percent of the population suffer a net job loss when Government resources are shifted to defense spending.
Susan L. Dean, daughter of Dr. and Mrs. Alfred L. Dean of Yardley, Pa., was married yesterday to Dr. Richard E. Chodroff, son of Mr. and Mrs. Bertram Chodroff of Plainview, L.I.
In literature as in philosophy, the manner of the questioning can take you half the way to greatness.
A spokesman for Methodist said Mr. Murray died after walking into the hospital late Friday night complaining of severe chest pains.
ART The huipil, the tzute and the capixay may not answer everyone's clothing needs.
''The veneer of civilization is very thin,'' Mrs. Thatcher added.
- Several other houses say that they're considering comparable programs, but aren't yet ready to talk about them.
''I hope to continue these contributions,'' she added, asking that her donation be directed toward helping an elderly couple.
The magnitude of any tax benefit depends on the inventory level at the end of the fiscal year.
But even with the best food, can a restaurant be recommended in which dried edges are trimmed from stale cheesecake and fresh bread is brought to replace stale bread when a well-known customer appears?
They said that the ordinance should have been analyzed as a total ban on billboards, a ban that could be justified under the First Amendment only if the city proved that it was drawn as narrowly as possible to achieve specific public goals.
Washington hopes the process will also support the argument for elections in El Salvador and show up the Sandinistas' refusal to promise elections before 1985.
4THE CRADLE WILL FALL, by Mary Higgins Clark.
An obituary of William H. Nix in some copies of The Times yesterday was accompanied by an incorrect photograph.
Mr. Goh usually needs about three weeks with each new set of dancers.
ASCIENTIST who has long investigated the way insects and other animals defend themselves against their enemies believes that some plants may have the ability to deter their predators in a previously unknown manner.
Sponsors of the Law School Aptitude and the Graduate Management Admissions Tests had already responded to the New York law by making disclosure national policy.
NOW that the former Goldman Band has been transformed into the Guggenheim Concert Band, with Ainslee Cox as music director, some changes are being made in the programs that have been delighting outdoor audiences in New York for more than six decades.
''If that continues for five years, then that will be over $20 billion.
Some of these associates say that his empire, while appearing to an outsider to be an impenetrable hall of mirrors - provides the maximum flexibility for someone whose craft is clandestine operations.
Some moviegoers might wonder whether the film is a propaganda vehicle for the Arab cause.
One reason, analysts suggest, is that sexual repression has lessened.
That, of course, could just as well be used by the Pepsi people in their battle with first-place Coca-Cola.
B-Includes credits of $522,000 or 8 cents a shr for the qr and $1,240,000 or 19 cents a shr for the 9 mos to reflect accounting adjustment
Mr. Kimball, who said he had determined the actual date of Mr. Porter's birth only after extensive research into family archives, blamed Mr. Porter as much as his mother in perpetuating the fiction.
After World War II, the number of units per development jumped tremendously, from anywhere from 20 to 120 per development.''
The Los Angeles Coroner said today that the death of the actor William Holden sometime last week was probably accidental, the result of a fall.
Nests: Usually takes over abandoned nest of hawk or crow.
Seven delicious executions of candle planting.
Financial Federation, however, said it was still willing to be acquired.
Republicans fear that Governor Byrne will appoint Mr. Jacobson chairman of the gaming panel before leaving office next month.
He also points out tha t over two thirds of this protein comes from animal source s, which are often high in fat and, in particular, saturated fat s. He recommends moderation in protein intake, with a larger propor tion derived from vegetables and whole grains.
It was an immediate success.
The M-1B measure of the basic money supply, consisting of currency plus checking and check-like deposits at banks and savings institutions, now totals $406.8 billion and has declined by $7.1 billion in the last four weeks.
I think I've had the ability to make three people into one on the telecasts, to eliminate jealousy, which is some art.
The only difference in Buffalo was we didn't block shots well enough.
Under the present formulas, benefits are extended in states after unemployment ebbs, and benefits may continue to be claimed when work is available.
The outlook for the budget is very unfavorable -large deficits in '82, a recession year, and large deficits in '83 and '84 and '85.
Miss Bellamy suggested the money might better be spent rehabilitating old cars, an option she said the Transit Authority had ''not adequately considered.''
And, in this case, the struggle between Mr. Castillo and Mr. Martinez Verdugo to control the new party seemed more important then their ideological differences.
In the list of ingredients for the coconut-cake recipe in the Dec. 28, 1980, issue, the amount of baking powder required should have been three teaspoons.
A wooden beam that once supported a choir loft remains, as does a mesquite staircase to a collapsed bell tower.
Euclidean space, chronological narrative, artistic perspective, Newtonion mechanics and capitalist economics were all called into question.
Because of that, and because many scouts considered Taylor the best athlete in the draft, he had the credentials to receive a guaranteed contract.
''We are completely surprised, but the biopsy clearly shows a tumor that the pathologist believes is malignant.''
Moody's Investors Service Inc. said it had cut its rating on the debt of Barniff Airways Inc., Continentl Air Lines Inc. and Western Airlines Inc.
Prison officials could not explain tonight how the prisoners obtained the weapons.
He added that the deadline was a tough one, but would be met.
His longtime social association with Anne Ford Uzielli had all but ended, friends say, after Mr. Carey decided he could not continue without marriage and Miss Ford decided she could not live a life that would force her into a perpetual public spotlight - a situation in which she was never comfortable -with a man nearly 25 years her senior.
The relatively few Government workers who hadn't already fled earlier in the week to trim the tree and finish Christmas shopping will close up shop early.
This is because a substantial part of American inflation in recent years has stemmed from outside factors such as oil price rises, which affect interest rates and costs but not incomes.
I couldn't take it any longer.
Auto workers would dearly love new homes and would willingly trade 10 automobiles.
They both went to Tennessee State, and they are friends.
They were not designed, for example, he declared, for maximum loads of passengers in temperatures of more than 87 degrees.
Cook for 5 minutes and add garlic, tomatoes, bay leaves fish and bones and heads, thyme, optional saffron salt???
Not one of his predecessors in this nation of nearly six million people, which for 100 years has been afflicted with strongmen, dictators, coups and violence, has given up power without some sort of struggle.
Since last January, Dr. Ilchman has been an adviser to the Smithsonian Institution on international programs.
'' Herbert Adler, a lawyer who lives in the Town of Rye and is a member of a local group opposed to airport expansion, said that it was probably illegal for Westchester to ''spin out'' development until a generic environmental-impact statement has been prepared for the new airport master plan.
But he said that alternative proposals made so far, apparently including those made by Mr. Rostenkowski, ''would negate the effects of what the President wants to do,'' and ''would just be adding little baubles on.''
72% of Capacity Used Steel production is now running at 72 percent of capacity, down from almost 90 percent last May.
A narrower measure of the money supply showed a much smaller rise.
Bills Average Price 96.435 93.119 Discounted Rate 14.103% 13.611% Coupon Yield 14.83% 14.82% Low Price 96.427 93.114 Discounted Rate 14.135% 13.621% Coupon Yield 14.86% 14.83% High Price 96.448 93.124 Discounted Rate 14.052% 13.601% Coupon Yield 14.77% 14.81% Accepted at low 80% 43% Total applied for $9,540,010 $9,413,890 Accepted $4,300,100 $4,303,520 Noncompetitive $968,785 $652,395 N.Y. applied for $7,968,405 $8,113,335 N.Y. accepted $3,590,820 $3,808,520 Both these issues are dated Feb. 26.
''Many people have asked me,'' she says, ''how it is that I had to have my husband die to do this much work -they don't ask in that rude way, but that indeed is what they're asking - and the answer is quite simple.
Nancy Reagan flew to Washington, describing the bride as ''stunning'' and the wedding as ''wonderful.''
''There will be people out there at Madison Square Garden who have paid good money to see you,'' he reminds them often.
It's odds on that one of the brutes will et tu them.
Only 30 Major New Regulations ''The pipeline of regulation just seems to have dried up,'' said the official, who, because of his office's policy, asked not to be identified by name.
At the very least, a growing sense that the slide will not last forever has encouraged British officials to stick to their policy of restraint.
Senator Domenici said that the National Clean Air Coalition, which issued the analysis this week, had ''sunk to a new level of lobbying.''
Academy-Award-winning screenwriter William Goldman was asked to write the script and refused.
''They assume a processing plant in Middlesex County that has not been built.
I'd just like to end up '82 managing.''
''I hadn't even finished my rewrite,'' he said.
He's a presence that comes and goes usefully but without altering our focus very much, a kind of steady occupant of our peripheral vision.
There has been some talk of new zoning programs, concepts that will adopt new standards that will better life.
Lincoln, 7-1-1 but undefeated against P.S.A.L.
As a result, the canonization was expected to stir passions among the Russian emigre community in New York.
Bianchi said the biggest difference between Philadelphia and Boston was the bench.
* Combined Companies Inc., St. Paul, has elected to its board John B. McCain, vice president-finance for the Peavey Company.
The new office requires agencies and departments to measure the amount of time their forms will require and submit requests to seek the data in terms of the work-hours needed.
Then, after teaching at the University of Washington, Dr. Sheldon joined the Congressional Research Service in 1955, where he participated in drafting both the National Aeronautics and Space Act of 1958, which established the American civilian space organization, and the Communications Satellite Act of 1962.
For Sports Today, see page B20.
Feud With Navy Ended Even the immediate prospect of large new orders from the Pentagon does not automatically generate new jobs.
There are four separate compartments for safety.
No Trouble for Scott Scott had no trouble in the bottom of the inning.
Bishop Loughlin made it a sweep of Catholic High Schools indoor track titles with a victory in the girls' championships last night at Pratt Institute.
Samuel Brown, 41, held without bail as a suspect in the robbery; a former convict with a long record of arrests and convictions for armed robbery, assault, burglary and illegal possession of weapons; has recently lived in Staten Island; has not been identified as a member of any radical group.
If that formula holds out little prospect for successful negotiation with the Arabs, it at least has the virtue of being an unambiguous statement of how far Israel is prepared to go, or not go, in changing the status quo on the West Bank.
The state's capital is Bombay.
Level of U.S. Help The Secretary called on the nations of the hemisphere to discuss ways to prevent the introduction of more offensive weapons and to limit the number of foreign military advisers in Central America to ''reasonable levels.''
Between 500,000 and 700,000 people live in the squatter settlement of Winterveld.
''One, the first 100 days is the time during which the President establishes his Presidential persona.
On the southern border, the Chinese have tied down nearly two-thirds of the Vietnamese Army, according to Western intelligence estimates, including elite units that might otherwise be in Cambodia.
Artist Denies Authorization According to Mr. McShane, Mr. Porat said Miss O'Keeffe already had signed some of the lithographs.
Things look bleak right now, she concedes.
The outstanding 14 5/8 percent notes due in June 1983 were offered late in the day at 97 30/32 to yield 15.88 percent.
Mr. Reagan has promised that he would not use higher unemployment as a weapon against inflation.
Clafoutis 1 1/2 pounds dark red ripe cherries (see note) 1/2 cup plain flour 1/4 teaspoon salt 3 eggs 2 cups milk 2 tablespoons kirsch 3 tablespoons sugar.
As we can see in his early films, that feeling of nostalgia for mud and dirt - what the French call la nostalgie de la boue - was especially strong in Mr. Simonds, a telltale sign of an immaculate, urban middle-class upbringing.
This approach was taken after diplomats in Teheran reported that the Rajai Government would probably be amenable to ending the crisis.
Dr. DeVries said he expects the artificial heart will be more effective in a human than in an animal because it was designed for human use.
Soon after that derisive comment appeared in print, I received a call from a man who identified himself as Norman Mailer.
But Mr. Burstyn predicted it would be a memorable occasion anyway because in the past, his family, like so many others, ''seemed to get together only for funerals, and this time for a change, we're having a reunion on a happy occasion.''
Who would want to miss the sight of Arthur Rubinstein as he prepared to hit a great climactic chord, his seat a foot above the piano bench and his hands poised high above his head for the dramatic blow?
'Steadfast and Talented' William Shawn, editor of The New Yorker, commented yesterday: ''He was aware from the beginning that human survival was threatened by the bomb and he kept after the subject bravely and persistently through the years in a series of Reporter-at-Large pieces and profiles.
The calendar year 1980 was the first year in which the complex operated without help from city general-fund money, Denver officials said.
He served in St. Philip Neri Church, Northport, L.I., and St. Jerome's in Brooklyn and was pastor of Queen of All Saints in Brooklyn.
John Karrer performed the ceremony at the Round Hill Community Church in Greenwich.
It is made clear in this exhibition that already, at the age of 24, he could do exactly what he wanted with oil paint and canvas.
New York: Farrar, Straus & Giroux.
And so they write to me.
The commission mistakenly assumes that the only choice for urbanarea growth is sprawl or high-density.
Using a sharp knife, split the leeks in half lengthwise, starting about two inches from the stem end and cutting through the leaves.
It's not that I'm so great.
The House unanimously passed today a bill directing the Veterans Administration to provide hospital care and medical attention to Vietnam War veterans whose health problems may have arisen from exposure to the herbicide Agent Orange.
The drought-seared cotton crop came in at just under 11 million bales of 480 pounds each, compared with 14 million bales in 1979.
And the ranks of the homeless are also swelled, according to the report, by the current high unemployment and evictions from single-room-occupancy hotels that are being upgraded by landlords into more profitable luxury housing.
The Democratic bill, which started as a one-year tax measure, will also have three rounds of cuts.
Important Differences Remain Although the union negotiators have spoken optimistically in the last few days, there are known to be important differences remaining.
Rhode Islanders consume johnnycakes at all times of the day and in a dozen different ways - for breakfast they are served like pancakes, smothered with butter and syrup or molasses, or they are broken up and mixed with milk and sugar; at other meals they supplant potatoes or rice, and sometimes they are served in various disguises as dessert.
Miss Costello - who lives in a comfortable hillside house with her husband, Allan Arbus, who is also an actor, and her 4-year-old daughter, Arin - butters some slices of homemade bread hot from the oven.
''It's a good idea not to wear noisy jewelry on your arms.
then frowned and shook his head as if it were a crying shame.
He balked at a $3.5 million pensi on credit claimed by the union although, he said, it was the resul t of pension changes enacted by the State Legislature.
He was attacked by two knife-wielding assailants.
The final debate over whether the club should take the step, long resisted by London's other top clubs, raged for eight months.
That is because any settlement reached after trial testimony begins might be used as evidence in antitrust suits brought by companies against A.T.& .
That will contain 105 pages of advertising, 61 pages more than same issue last year.
But Mr. Stephen said that, despite the overall reduction in the commuters' passenger traffic, ''the reduction is not universal.
Hoot Owl apologized for not having anything around to eat or drink, but he gave Michael an apple.
They cite obvious drawbacks such as the relatively low pay for nurses compared to other professions.
NORSTAN INC. (O) Qtr to April 30 1981 1980 Sales 8,351,000 6,081,000 Net income 668,000 556,000 Share earnings .27 .24 Shares outst 2,520,000 2,270,000 Year sales 24,887,000 17,528,000 Net income 1,782,000 1,251,000 Share earnings .74 .59 Shares outst 2,415,000 2,106,000 Share earnings have been restated to reflect a 3-for-2 stock split effected in the form of a 50 percent stock dividend on Nov. 21, 1980.
Divers to Inspect Boat ''Their stories don't agree - what can I tell you?''
He said one client he dropped was a large grocery chain in South Carolina that insisted on posting guards with shotguns outside its stores.
B UT in the typical resale, the seller normally prefers to hold out for a better mortgage market unless selling is essential.
As for me, I will never be as staunch in any stands again: Coachingth e coach, giving back the songs and shouts extorted from me by ch arming cheerleader tactics, withstanding all kinds of weather, br acing for players' injuries.
Nevertheless, some lived for two days in a laboratory compression chamber.
After the first month's rent and two months of security were used up, they moved my clients into a larger house and raised the rent to $562.
What is most impressive about his Matt Friedman is the speech pattern Mr. Gilborn has found for him.
Both recordings can hardly fail to give pleasure, Mr. Ashkenazy's for its civilized elegance and knowing characterization of two contrasting scores, and Mr.
Mr. Lewis and Mr. Poli appeared on the NBC News program ''Meet the Press.''
The foundation is one of six affiliated under the umbrella of the National Legal Center for the Public Interest in Washington.
The funeral is scheduled for 2 P.M. today at the First United Presbyterian Church of Tequesta in Tequesta, Fla.
But Miss Hayes moved out to a four-stroke lead when Miss Stacy double-bogeyed the 15th hole and bogeyed 16 to slip to one under par, 11 under for the tournament.
New to Public Life But the money question came up as Mr. Sullivan, a 44-year-old businessman with little background in public life outside his home town of Essex Fells, sat outside the gym, puffing on a cigarette and talking about his campaign.
The panel, established by Congress to find ways to make the Government more efficient and composed of elected officials from all levels, urges consolidations of the kind Mr. Reagan has proposed.
The race was the feature in an unusual 11-race program that was begun at 5 P.M., instead of 7:30 P.M., and marked the return of the Jersey Derby after an absence of three years.
One time, the fighter said, Mickey Goodwin, the sixth-ranked W.B.A.
They'll call it home C10 New fashion style triumphs in capital C1 Insuring medical aid if parents are absent C1 Hers C2 Helpful Hardware C2 Home Beat C3 How to buy and use portable heat- ers C3 Home Improvement C4 Paper and clay in a sculpture show C5 Design Notebook C6 Water-saving tips during the drought C6 A Victorian auction for eclectic tastes C7 Mudd Club regulars celebrate inaugural C8 Calendar of Events C9 Gardening C11 Health/Science Cell cultures used in disease study derived from monkeys A23 Industry/Labor Il Progresso newspaper sold to group of Italian investors B4 Arts/Entertainment Leo Smit, pianist, pairs Mozart's letters and music C12 Indiana students will make music in New York C13 Christo Central Park art project provokes discussion C14 The Bard is lyricist for musical ''Shakespeare's Cabaret'' C15 Many authors switching from one publisher to another C15 Ezra Pound's writing on modern art is discussed C17 ''The Time Falling Bodies Take to Light'' is reviewed C18 Ice Capades open at Garden C20 Obituaries Ruth T. Costantino, president of art gallery B12 B2 Sports Dave Anderson on Raiders' bomb scare B14 Super Bowl Notebook B14 Virginia wins 15th in row B14 Nets defeat SuperSonics in over- time, 126-122 B15 Rift among the Eagles is detected B15 Ray Guy plays key role as Raider punter B15 Jets rout Rangers, 5-1 B15 St. John's beats Seton Hall, 73-62 B18 Bossy of Islanders is taking pres- sures in stride B20 Features/Notes Issue and Debate: Should U.S. share revenue with states?
And most are suitable for every member of the family.
At the film's rich center is the relationship between the monsignor and the detective, the priest being far more worldly and self-aware than the policeman, who, somewhere down deep, still believes in the kind of hell-fire that his brother probably abandoned at age 15.
The Halleys' apartment consists of a living room, dining room, kitchen, three bedrooms and bathroom.
According to Mr. Merlino, ''In the absence of this or some other bill, the commission is attempting to develop a credit system without adequate legislative authorization or structure.''
''We go in and out of each other's offices so much.''
The revision, called ''The New Scofield Reference Bible,'' was published in 1967 by the Oxford University Press.
collaborator on the project had quit research and gone into private practice because he could not get any more grants.
However, later in the month he came extremely close to breaking his neck in a racing accident at the Saratoga track.
''Most people row at Oxford.''
McAdoo has a particularly harsh jury sitting in judgment of him.
An estimated 2.7 million receive Pell Grants, which were previously known as Basic Educational Opportunity Grants and provide disadvantaged students with up to $1,670 depending on family income and the cost of the college they are attending.
The cemented edges confine the carpet so that it has to lift up in the center.
In the formerly all-white suburbs, the bougainvillea and jacaranda still flower luxuriantly over manicured lawns.
Meanwhile, the more flexible political-military wing of E.T.A.
Analysts have shown approval of Levitz's scaled-down store formats and attempts to attract more affluent customers through more fashionoriented merchandise.
Each of the incidents seemed isolated, and any hope that the situation might ease faded.
The assessment of adolescent sexuality was issued at a time of confusion and controversy over sex-related issues.
A prolonged brouhaha insued, involving the City Council, who felt the design was not suitable for the space, and local minority groups, who felt a black artist should be represented.
In the Supreme Court decision last March, Justice Potter Stewart, writing for the majority, said there was no language in the 1868 Treaty of Fort Laramie that gave the Indians a property right to the bed and banks of the Bighorn.
It's a responsibility about which Mr. McCrea and Mrs. Cochran feel strongly.
But it remains a relatively new field, one about which there is still a lot of confusion.
HAMMONDSPORT, N.Y. AS the frosts of late autumn descend on the bleak hillside vineyards here in central New York, the grape growers and wine makers of the Finger Lakes region are assessing their 1981 harvest and discovering that nature was capricious in spreading its frigid havoc among the vines last winter.
Next-day funds, although they are counted as deposits as soon as they are received by the New York banks, actually are merely commitments to provide usable, or ''sameday'' funds, on Day Two.
At the seminary, however, he meets the two men whose lives and ideas accompany him spiritually for the duration of the novel.
And many of the ''works'' that were hastily thrown up around the town in the three-week siege and battle that ended the fighting in the Revolutionary War still stand today.
Higher domestic refining and marketing operating costs were also a contributing factor.''
Yet the Americans will command respect on account of people like Cathy Hearn, a 22-year-old kayaker from Garrett Park, Md., and her 20-year-old brother, David.
In the view of American officials in Washington, Moscow entered those talks despite its commanding lead in space weaponry because it wanted to improve chances of concluding a new strategic arms limitation treaty covering missiles and bombers.
Bobby Hansen and Kevin Boyle combined for 22 points in the second half to lead Iowa to a 65-57 victory over Michigan State today.
''It rankles me when people put down the present pros, for whatever reasons,'' he says.
UNION LAST year, Kean College presented an art s h ow that reconstructed the extraordinary partnership of Bernard Rabi n and Nathan Krueger.
The flaccid moments of Ballade in F minor (Op.
With limited resources a fact of life, officials said, the most realistic goal would be a system that consigns violent criminals and repeat offenders to prison and finds some alternative means of punishment for lesser offenders.
But more importantly, there are other - and we like to think better - ways to arrange a compatible family home stay in Mexico.
The December contract closed at $2.22 1/2 a bushel.
Much of the Great South Bay has good clamming beds, but clamming is permitted only in daylight and not on Sundays.
(Summit, 15 10 MONEY DYNAMICS FOR THE 1980s, by Venita VanCaspel.
The index, from a base in 1976, was 6.3 percent above the December 1980 rate after having risen 6.6 percent in November from November 1980.
This process, Mr. Housh said, increases the usefulness of sunflower seeds as a poultry and cattle feed.
Wagner has been severely criticized by Reds fans.
Manhattan Surrogate Judge Marie Lambert named the widow, Ricci Adan, the administrator of the estimated $500 estate of her late husband, Richard Adan, 22 years old.
And I think he goes outside at night with a fan to blow the dandelion puffs my way.
- John Irving and Walker Percy recently joined Kurt Vonnegut, Joseph Heller, E.L. Doctorow, William Styron and Bernard Malamud as still very active writers with a large body of work that must be taken into account.
Walter Hale Holden, the bride's nephew, was ring bearer.
Between 1699 and 1712, the princely house of Liechtenstein bought the territory on the Upper Rhine and for generations afterward ruled it through bailiffs, they themselves residing in Vienna or Prague.
Raymond Webster performed the ceremony.
An attempt to market Tastykakes, the brand name for the company's products, in 40 states was largely a failure, and the company has withdrawn from all but eight of those markets.
Fred Lebow, race director and president of the New York Road Runners Club, which administers the marathon, denied yesterday that any prize money would be paid.
There's an enormous education job to be done.''
Leslie Gelb's remark that liberals are ''far more interested in disputing points of philosophy with one another than in fighting conservatives'' suggests that he has conveniently forgotten that liberals -through the very active means of demonstration, civil disobedience and lobbying - have been instrumental in bringing about recent legislation and events.
Catalogue sources include Burpee Seed Company, Warminster, Pa. 18991; Joseph Harris Company, Moreton Farm, Rochester, N.Y. 14624; Park Seed Company, Greenwood, S.C. 29647.
But he recruits this girl who can fly, shoot straight and start steam coming out of every male's nostrils.
For one, there are the labels, large white cards (to some, their size and whiteness are intrusive), whose preparation he supervised, writing more than a few himself.
With the voting over, the White House said the United States would send six F-16 fighter-bombers to Israel later this month as scheduled.
His photographs of the civil-rights struggle (collected in ''The Movement,'' 1964), of a Chicago motorcycle gang (''The Bikeriders,'' 1968) and of Texas prison life (''Conversations With the Dead,'' 1971) are gritty, violent and shocking.
Colonel Florez seems to lack the inner steel needed to forge a new strongman, though he has consolidated his position as commander.
There were some specific quot es from Debussy in the first movement and later on, the kind of glass y parallel chord movement so reminiscent of Messiaen.
New Jersey employs 16 inspectors to check physical and other conditions in boarding homes; a minimum of 40 would be required to keep tabs on 4,000 facilities if a state-suggested ratio of one inspector per 100 facilities were to be achieved.
RICHARD B. FREUND New Hope, Pa., Jan. 20, 1981
And it is precisely the humanistic material in our curricula that seems best suited for developing those capacities.
Tim Wallach opened the bottom of the second with a double to left-center and, one out later, Chris Speier doubled down the left-field line for a 2-1 lead for the Expos.
Fathers who encouraged autonomous development were found to be more influential in their daughters' lives than were mothers.
They are totally independent in their actions of the Nobel Foundation's board and of the Swedish Government.
Next year, the program will have $750,000 to spend, mostly on development and demonstration projects.
Mr. Kupke is one-fourth American Indian.
Governor Is Defended Of late, Mr. Carey's aides have been sounding another theme, this one in the Governor's defense and one that is likely to play a role in any bid by the Governor for a third term.
A list of licensed water-testing laboratories is available by calling the water-supply section of the State Environmental Protection Department in Hartford (566-3112).
The Salvadoran junta, with U.S. support, offers a truce in return only for the promise of elections.
The search for Mr. Levasseur, - who is among the F.B.I.
Her playing was rich and involved, with 10-finger chordal swells frequently overwhelming her darting single-note lines, but each note and phrase was cleanly and firmly articulated.
The nuclear power plant is about 12 miles northeast of San Luis Obispo, about halfway between San Francisco and Los Angeles.
For a full list of artists, dates and subscription rates, call 549-2055.
In London, the pound weakened against the United States currency to $2.1594, a decline of nearly 2 cents from Tuesday's 2.1788.
Greenpoint 58 58 8,847 714 859 238 1,382 59.
But the short-term trade-off is the current recession and rising unemployment, he said.
''The Germans took us out by foot,'' he said.
(In Ankara, Turkey, an Iranian dissident group calling itself the Nationalist Equality Party said it had been responsible for the attack.
Although in America salad is often served before the main course, in France it is served afterward.
Beck said he saw Baxter try to spear Eddie Johnstone with his stick, and therefore retaliated by challenging the Penguin to fight.
''And I think that we are seeing here the kind of rage that is going on in different pockets of the city that may come together as a majority.
Occasionally, when calm descended on him, they would unchain him and take him to a hospital, but he could not be cured.
The two children, 9-year-old Rene Mercado and Daniel Calibar, 10, were struck last Tuesday at about 8 P.M. by a vehicle speeding out of a service station at 44th Street and 10th Avenue in Manhattan, according to the police.
He also gives frequent talks on his numismatic specialty, and is a featured lecturer at the Institute of Numismatic and Philatelic Studies at Adelphi University.
And Walter A. Haas Jr., 65, the father of Robert and currently chairman, will move into semiretirement but continue as chairman of the executive committee.
He feared that the situation could be reversed at any moment, with Lumumba returning to power and inviting the Russians back in.
They all said that they only dealt with co-op conversion plans after these had been accepted by the Attorney General's office.
Call it a reopening (of the old PAF Playhouse on its original site), a renaming (the new Harry Chapin Theater Center in memory of the singer, who was the theater's principal benefactor) and a rebirth for a theater institution that had to shut down and declare bankruptcy last March, leaving the season's last two scheduled plays undone.
As usual, the evening dresses were spectacular.
''The most convincing argument a client hears is that the Big Four are buying,'' said Nobumitsu Kagami, an economist at Jardine Fleming Ltd., a Tokyo investment concern.
Analysts said the markets continue to watch for clearer indications of where the economy is headed.
The Economy Tax-exempt industrial revenue bonds sold in the U.S. soared to $8.4 billion in 1980 from $1.3 billion in 1975, the Congressional Budget Office said.
It also has a gadget that opens bottles, punches holes in cans, opens vacuum-sealed jars and has a spout form for steady, nondrip pouring ($7).
The $60 million plant, in which Ipako of Argentina will produce polyethylene, was designed by the Union Carbide Corporation and constructed on a barge by Ishikawajima-Harima Heavy Industries at its shipyard near the Japanese port of Nagoya.
''As far as the band goes, we just want to wait and see what everybody falls into,'' Miss Harry said.
GREENWICH CONFIRMING Fairfield County's status as a major center of corporate headquarters, most of the world's largest executive-search concerns have established offices in Greenwich or Stamford, and more are on the way.
The director of the Hadassah Medical Center in Jerusalem, Dr. Shmuel Pinhas, said Mr.
The former Lady Diana Spencer, who was married to Prince Charles on July 29, emerged from the semiseclusion of a three-month honeymoon last month.
And the technique has been copied by state law enforcement agencies, impressed with the powerful effect of videotaped evidence on juries.
''We are,'' said Samuel Ehrenhalt, ''an increasingly white-collar town.''
Chronic Chaos in Beirut It was perhaps the worst incident in a violent weekend here as constant shelling echoed across the so-called Green Line, which divides Beirut into a Christian east and a predominantly Moslem west.
Medical scientists at Boston's Beth Israel and New England Deaconess Hospitals recently found that the red blood cells of obese patients were deficient in another enzyme that is important in the energy economy of the body.
The challenger is undefeated in 30 pro fights, with 28 knockouts, but has fought what Hagler calls ''second-rate fighters; he's never fought a Marvin Hagler.''
Pickup and delivery are free; since the vaults are off the premises, two weeks' notice is required for delivery.
Joe Frazier, a spokesman for the transportation authority, said there was no indication when talks might resume.
He was said to have a criminal record.
THE Jones Beach of my early childhood was huge and golden.
''It's cold for both teams.
In Venezuela, Hammer gave the President of that nation a valuable bronze statue of Simon Bolivar from the Hammer Galleries.
Five other victims have been found in the Chattahoochee since December and two other young black males have been found in the South River in suburban DeKalb County since March.
A writer has to have a subculture to stand up on.
Still, that means the Jet secondary that Ken Stabler will be throwing into on Sunday will consist of four players who did not face him last year, when he was throwing for Oakland and was intercepted five times by the Jets.
Mr. DelBello said the county had considered construction of its own office building annex, but found costs ranging from $80 to $100 a square foot, or a total cost of $12 million.
He was trying to throw punches all the time.
Nearly 300 customers had signed up for both trips.
''It's an instinct, like acting,'' he said of the game.
T HE volume theory of money, discussed above, made defunct by the onsurge of psychology seems to be operative in the market again.
We express more with our hands and face than with anything else.''
Unfortunately, we did not succeed in avoiding that.
Chemical New York said earnings rose 54.3 percent, and Marine Midland said its profit virtually doubled.
''If Billy and all the ex-Yankees beat him,'' Spencer said.
He attended Akron public schools and was graduated in 1935 from the University of Akron with a degree in political science and sociology.
''If you're one of those people who leave work on Friday at one,'' he concluded, ''I say why bother coming in at all?
In addition, the legislation would require tenants of low-income housing to pay up to 30 percent of their income for rent, as opposed to 25 percent under current law.
Residences of foreign ambassadors and other embassy personnel in this country may lend an air of distinction to a community, but they are burdens when it comes to real estate taxes.
Hana Mandlikova has been hindered in recent months by a back injury.
Cathey Billian conveys scale as well as mystery in her black chalk drawing, ''New York Desert Varnish I.''
Staff Reductions Not Expected Although none of the officials interviewed expected to cut their staffs, almost all said they would be reducing other expenses and services.
I had myself experienced only a single headmaster, and then only briefly.
Angela Pietro Pinto Jay Augustine .
Orange pulp wash, a byproduct of orange juice concentrate, is used in fruit drinks, sodas and animal feed.
Mr. Shapiro said: ''He really believes himself to be in the liberal tradition, with great faith in parliamentary methods.
The gloomy economic picture affects different industries in different ways.
''The law has kept me from being bored, and that's something when you get to be 70, or 80,'' he says.
The book appears made to order for any who were ever tempted to say, ''How do I hate thee, let me count the ways.''
''But there is this element of uncertainty.
The design firm of Cooper Eckstut Associates has prepared a master plan for the Mt.
One of the larger and highly recommended Mikrolimano restaurants is the Kaplanis, with an extensive range of seafood appetizers and entrees averaging $12 a pound, an ample serving for one.
For some the conference was a reunion.
Vern Ruhle, a fine control pitcher, came close to matching Valenzuela.
THE GIFTED CHILD ''We are getting away from the single concept of the intellectually gifted and into the creative aspects of giftedness in the visual and performing arts,'' said Dr. Michael Bagley of the department of special education, College of New Rochelle.
Francois de Rose, urbane former French Ambassador to NATO, is a linguist whose expertise includes all the arcane jargon of alliance plans and debates for decades.
Even engineers tend to shrug their shoulders when confronted with this question.
The current plan calls for an awning-like structure over part of the terrace in front of the rink, an expansion of the terrace to accommodate restaurant tables and a space for additional food service on top of the building.
In return, Northrop pledged to obtain $140 million of business for Swiss companies in nondefense activities ranging from aerial photography to interior design to wine presses to X-ray equipment.
The authority had threatened to impose those additional increases if the state provided no new aid.
The high figures for hog slaughter have come as a surprise in the wake of an Agriculture Department report last month that forecast a 6 percent decline in hog production.
The party had to decide how responsible he had been for China's tragedies, how to judge his place in history, how large a niche to provide for his bust.
The Amex market-value index gained 0.44, to 365.86.
That estimate was made by David T. Mizrahi, editor of Mideast Report, a newsletter in New York, based on conversations he had had with sources in the Middle East.
Per capita disposable income adjusted for inflation has not yet been computed for January but rose one-tenth of 1 percent in December.
At that time the cold and famine were terrible.
She confesses that it is something like trying LSD when everyone else is doing it.
They resent the extra cost and lack of competition created by regulation.
Armco Inc. Armco Inc., a leading producer of carbon steels and related products based in Middletown, Ohio, announced that earnings in the fourth quarter rose 16.8 percent, to $63.3 million, or $1.13 a share, from $54.2 million, or 98 cents a share, in the fourth quarter of 1980.
The mix-up that caused the improper placement of supports designed to protect the cooling systems of the two Diablo Canyon nuclear reactors from earthquakes occurred because a single, transparent blueprint was prepared for both, and someone failed to attach instructions to flip it over.
A Police Department spokesman said 50 additional officers had been assigned.
Then I made my break and the whole brass section played my chorus.
)7,900,000+22376,700 35 Standard Oil (Ohio) 3,120,000+17520,400 +15 Sun Co. Inc. 4,000,000+29120,000 52 Superior Oil Co. 492,900+49108,000 +19 Texaco Inc. 15,453,000+17658,000 34 Union Oil Co. of California2,666,500+12154,500 + 1 Revenues Net Income Jan.MarchChangeJan.MarchChange1981From '801981From '80($ 000)(%)($ 000)(%)- FOOD Amstar Corp.$ 466,600+44$19,600 +292 Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.907,200+1551,600 + 69 Beatrice Foods Co. (2)2,200,000+ 570,700 + 8 Borden Inc.1,052,800 232,200 + 5 Campbell Soup Company (1)779,200+1340,700 + 4 Campbell Taggart Inc.262,000+ 68,500 + 12 Castle & Cooke Inc.401,200+179,500 + 73 Central Soya Company (2)516,200+172,700 10 Consolidated Foods Corp.1,330,000+ 331,700 + 15 CPC International Inc.1,075,800+1338,700 + 16 Esmark Inc. (1)733,800+1811,700 45 Foremost-McKesson Inc.1,064,700+1216,800 + 39 General Foods Corp.1,715,200+1072,500 + 22 General Mills (2)1,100,000+1331,200 0 H. J. Heinz Co. (1) 828,000+1833,500 + 52 Hershey Foods Corp.383,200+1521,100 + 59 Iowa Beef Processors Inc.1,210,000+ 713,500 0 Kellogg Co.574,500+1252,200 + 5 Nabisco Inc.658,200+934,300 + 31 Norton Simon Inc.748,700+ 613,700 40 Pillsbury Co. (2)825,400+1021,700 + 10 Quaker Oats Company645,900+ 328,800 + 1 Ralston Purina Co.1,361,200+1148,700 + 22 A.E.
Total Ban Is Urged The Nixon Administration signed a contract to supply fuel elements to Koeberg, which was to be placed under international inspection, but later the United States decided to use that contract as leverage to force South Africa to sign the nonproliferation treaty.
The guidelines, first published in 1980, are based on ''Dietary Goals for the United States,'' produced by the Senate Select Committee on Nutrition and Human Needs in 1977.
''After all, I grew up with him.
But he said the insurgents were seeking protection from the Angolans and making use of the cover that the new air-defense system in the region provides.
with Albert DeSiver and Walter Nelles, both conservative lawyers with a passion for the legal rights of the underdog.
Directly in front of me, the monument to a monumental man.
Jack Bridges hit Bob Yesalonia with a 20-yard scoring strike in the opening period, and Ed Honchen provided the extra point for a 7-0 lead.
George Benton, former middleweight contender who ''patterned my fighting style after Louis,'' said the heavyweight champion was ''a big inspiration to all black fighters.''
Their gross malfeasance could easily have destroyed not only the community's faith in them but also their own understanding of why it is that they normally subject themselves to such hazard.
He was a clinical professor of medicine at Downstate Medical Center and a former governor of the American College of Physicians.
Gerald Tsai Jr., chairman of Associated, said that the company's management and the other major stockholders have agreed to the merger.
The script of 85 to 90 words is written and returned to the client on Tuesday.
In addition, since 1960 the Regional Planning Board has been recommending that the state eliminate grade crossings at major Route 25 intersections.
But the unremitting enthusiasm of their fans and promoters, the breathlessness, seemed excessive.
White House officials have described the two antitrust bureaus as needless duplication.
This will be the machine's Manhattan debut, although a version of it apparently had a sneak preview at Stony Brook in 1976.
Mr. Kennedy's tax incentives for investment and his two-stage, across-the-board tax cut for individuals imparted a new vitality to the economy of the early sixties.
-------------------------------------------------------------------- Ruth Tirrell grows most of her own vegetables and herbs in a Massachusetts garden.
Letters for publication should include the writer's name, address and telephone number.
According to surveys conducted in the last few days by news organizations here, lemons are selling for 200 yen apiece, or about 87 cents, in supermarkets and food shops - more than double the price in mid-August.
A common remark outside scientific circles is that a pinhead drop of nerve gas applied to a person's skin will quickly kill.
They're willing to take the risk.
Stoughton scored his eighth goal to tie the score with 48 seconds to play.
It was a burgeoning trade in the burgeoning immigrant community of New York City, and the young Mr. O'Donnell had considerable work and excitement and, he remembers now, a good time.
''It allayed my apprehensions,'' said Earl Rand, president emeritus of Jarvis Christian College in Hawkins, Tex.
-------------------------------------------------------------------- FRANK J. PRIAL is a correspondent in the Paris bureau of The Times.
A gun found in the car of Roger M. Wheeler, the slain chairman of the board of the Telex Corporation, is not the weapon that killed him, although both guns are .38-caliber pistols, the police said yesterday, Detective Stanley Glanz said the gun was found in the car's trunk along with golfing and fishing equipment.
And Ben Wattenberg also returns with his half-hour essays on American life, focusing on such weighty issues as the changing role of the United Nations and the movement toward free trade unions in Eastern countries.
With more than 300 artists participating this year, the lines will be hung from 10 A.M. to 5 P.M. on Saturday, and lucky browsers may come up with a bargain or two among the thousands of works that will sell for under $300.
Mr. Michanczyk's credentials include a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree from UConn, where he studied under Frank Ballard, the acknowledged master of puppetry in this country.
A second man leaped from the car and began shooting at Officer Kelley with a revolver, hitting him in the back and chest.
The first of 270 advanced-design Grumman buses will be delivered in December.
And Todd, who led the league in interceptions a year ago, appeared to be able to handle the new constant-motion offense installed by Joe Walton.
Under the complex schedule agreed to today by the Treasury Secretary and by the chairmen of the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Home Loan Bank Board, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and the National Credit Union Administration, ceilings on all deposits of four years' maturity or more will also be eliminated on Aug. 1.
growth was placed at 3.2 percent while G.D.P.
Nearly 400 dealers, an ANA record, will have tables in the bourse, and six government mints will have booths there.
His hand seemed to have only two likely losers, and South figured to have some strength in view of East's total passivity.
They came from behind in the second half of the match, winning by 26 international match points after trailing by 16 points at the halfway stage.
Their advertising will continue in the hands of the 72 local agencies that represent them.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
So I took up golf.
''The most difficult and intransigent problem is the site,'' Miss Burke said.
His father is a private investor.
''Nothing was out of the question - not free agents, not rookies, not computers.''
Commenting on the day's theme, he said: ''We're going to have to do better creative work in the 1980's than the 1970's.
You can't be sky high one week and way down the next.
The question whether the singer died of drug-related causes has not been put to rest, despite a ruling by the Shelby County medical examiner, Jerry Francisco, that Mr. Presley succumbed to heart disease.
Trying to put the lid on after a week of sporadic strikes and sitins involving hundreds of thousands of workers, university students and farmers, Prime Minister Josef Pinkowski led a high-level Government delegation into marathon negotiations with Lech Walesa and other Solidarity leaders.
And the company has picked the sports that are the favorites with the business targets as far as participation and nonparticipation sports go: football, baseball, hockey, golf and tennis.
It was Hedberg's fifth goal of the playoffs and second against the Blues.
Mr. Semyonov, who is expected to finish the course work for his Ph.D. in mathematical physics this year, said he had not spoken with Miss Alekseyeva and added that reports that his parents had concluded their hunger strike had not been confirmed.
Under rulings by the United States Supreme Court, aliens who enter the country legally are entitled to the constitutional rights of due process.
''If that does not bring results, then on Feb. 18 the national commission will meet again and will decide on a day to call a fullscale national general strike,'' a union spokesman said.
Last year she was on the road 41 weeks.
Put clean rags or paper towels into the fluid and wipe a small section, then turn the cloth or use a fresh piece to keep from spreading the soil around.
Just go out and pitch.''
The conference was called by Speaker Stanley Fink of the State Assembly, a Brooklyn Democrat.
Daily programs of exercise and rest should be individually designed.
But Bob Hope, the comedian who has been a friend of Mr. Reagan's for nearly 40 years, recalled commenting on the President's raincoat when the two men were traveling together during the Presidential campaign.
THE gamble has been more than $750 million since 1962 - one of the largest corporate investments ever in an unproven product.
Late Payments Received Since the oil theft allegations were raised last year, there have been these developments: - Earlier this year, Gulf Oil paid the tribes $264,000, representing mostly unpaid royalties from 1980 and taxes on the oil industry's so-called windfall profits that the company said it mistakenly withheld from the royalty payments.
The game is special in many ways.
''We look positively on that,'' said John Fidler, a spokesman for General Public Utilities, parent company of the owner of the reactor.
He became press secretary to Gov.
He makes no clai ms to being a rancher or a cowboy, ''but I have two morecows than Ron nie Reagan,'' he said with a laugh.
He won a threefurlong maiden race at Hialeah in April and an allowance race at Saratoga seven weeks ago.
While there is no way of knowing how much it is receiving for supplying manpower, the informed speculation of Asian attaches here in New Delhi is that at the very least Saudi Arabia, in addition to paying for equipping, paying and transporting the two divisions, will underwrite the expenses for raising and equipping two divisions to remain in Pakistan.
The West's economic problems have created hard times for the English language.
Muir was finding itself hard-pressed to come up with enough cash to guarantee payment for securities that were being delivered out of customer accounts to other brokerage houses.
At the final bell, the Dow Jones industrial average was off 1.14 points, to 871.96.
To-night, for instance, the Greater Miami Opera opened its 40th anniversary season with a new production of Verdi's third opera, ''Nabucco.''
''The proposal is in response to the recent assaults, and we hope that the university will give it some serious consideration,'' Mr. Holtzman said.
Incidentally, I'm helping raise money for the Second Stage, an Off Broadway company that gives recent modern plays a second showing.
A brilliant drawing, ''Fluency Lost for Fervor Gained,'' also about the troubles in Ulster, depicts in whites, pastels and pencil a strife-ridden field of broken architectual and other fragments, again bound by the restraints of a nearly invisible grid.
Glenn urges President to block uranium shipment to India A2 Philippine opposition plans to boy- cott presidential election A2 Pakistan becoming a leading sup- plier of military manpower A2 French and West German leaders meet in Paris A3 Israel rejects any American mili- tary presence on its soil A4 Around the World A5 Islamic mediators in Iran-Iraq war to visit Teheran soon A6 Government/Politics White House Notes: Reagan wins with one-liners A13 Navy Secretary urges doubling of shipbuilding program A24 Committee rejects Carey nominee for Industrial Commissioner B1 A dozen would-be governors hop a political train B2 Official calls annuities for survi- vors of U.S. judges inadequate B3 Council approves legislation to regulate funeral homes B3 Was hostages' parade a ticker- tape record?
''If you sense the chance to go for it,'' Bryan Trottier says of a short-handed goal, ''you go for it.''
SALEM JUST before the hour, the tall-case clock in the front parlor of the Salem County Historical Society Museum plays six tunes in a tinkling music-box style.
In the first rehearsal, Matthau dragged Lemmon from the stairwell into the garage by the arm, as Wilder had showed him.
Sneak boxes were produced in Mr. Perrine's boatyard for many years and shipped across the country.
A victory means a multimillion-dollar payday against Weaver or Gerry Cooney, both of whom are here.
Though some officers consider Brown ineffective and ''academic'' - a commissioner who merely preaches fairness and consistency - his reputation among the troops seems rather solid.
When we fully uncover the foundation, we'll know all we need to know about the topography and layout of the north side of the ancient Agora.''
All the while, the music passes the tyrant's tests.
Mr. Trimble estimates that the Huntington Beach field, which currently produces about 20,000 barrels a day, holds up to 800 million barrels.
3d Change of Ownership The agreement, expected to close in about a month, represents the third change of ownership for Morrow during the last 23 years.
In the 17th century, Lord Matthew Hale, without citing any authority or historical precedent, declared that a man was legally incapable of raping his wife.
The airport lies in three New York towns - Rye, Harrison and North Castle - and is just across the road from Greenwich.
He never raised his voice but inspired confidence as the noise and rumble of battle became more and more distinct and more and more threatening.
The National League average in the same period: 2.7 years.
And it was Victor Gotbaum's night, because the executive director of District Council 37 ''gave me the opportunity for this to happen.''
Going up the service ladder, United Parcel Service would pick up the 50-pound package at your home and promise to deliver it to a San Francisco address within five business days for $23.73.
Propp put the puck past the Flames' goalie, Pat Riggin, at 4:39 and added goals at 9:06 and 12:48.
The amendment authorized the Environmental Protection Agency to disclose research data submitted to gain Federal approval of a pesticide.
They do not want to return to the old flag, the old national anthem.''
This morning, just before 11 o'clock, four American cars wheeled up to the iron fence at the Soviet Mission and paused barely a moment while a Red Army private in dress uniform pressed a button that opened the gate electronically.
Because the cuts won last week were in so-called entitlement programs, they will have a much greater impact on spending in the years ahead than in the immediate future.
It didn't take them long to realize that they could be out of it, too.
Biological science, especially toxicology, is a dynamic discipline.
I had no idea I was going to hit it so hard.
All of these organizations are built on two basic premises: Your time is their time, and no task is too small or too large.
The role of the Pinelands Commission is to protect 1.1 million acres of the Pine Barrens from overdevelopment.
Enter the array processor, a device specifically designed for repeated calculations.
''How can we justify having a fully trained police officer sitting behind a desk in a fiscal crisis?''
Sitting in the back of his new restaurant, Mr. Kallos said he remembered being impressed by his first wife's beauty and drive.
About half that sum has been raised from companies, foundations and individuals.
JOBS The unemployment rate, which usually is issued the first Friday of the month, is compiled in a Household Survey, which reports the size of the civilian labor force, plus the numbers of people who are working and not working.
In addition to performing, he was the host for a jazz program on radio station WNYC and edited a monthly magazine, The Jazz Record.
''My shoulder's coming along slower than I'd like,'' Gossage said, ''and maybe it's because of the erratic throwing.''
Thus, while the Governor's plan to relieve the counties and New York City of the Medicaid burden could win him large political benefits, its immediate costs would be minimal.
Previously, some agents took their fees off the top of a long-term contract, assuring total payment even if an athlete was cut in training camp or after one season.
is successfully infiltrating America's news media, then anything must seem possible.
The intensity of the objects interacts with the spaces in between; the work inhabits the entire room.
Another well known case was that of Paul Wittgenstein, a Viennese pianist who commissioned much of the ''left-handed repertory'' for piano when his right arm was amputated in World War I.
She says she is ''appalled'' by the acting techniques of many yoounger performers.
Mr. Greenwald said the outlook, which includes imports, was based on Chrysler's anticipation that President Reagan's economic program would produce lower interest rates and increased consumer confidence.
By Anatole Broyard THE AMATEUR.
Tonight Gminski struggled, scoring only 7 points in 22 minutes.
Our population is now, by all responsible calculations, at least 50 percent nonwhite - and probably more, if all the illegal immigrants were properly counted.
Born across the Hudson in Rockland County, Rachael Worby went to the Crane School of Music in Potsdam and Indiana University before moving to the Boston area, where she combines her doctoral studies at Brandeis with teaching at the New England Conservatory and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
A much-repeated story here this week was that of how, during the Keeneland sales, some Englishmen rented a blimp and placed it in front of the airline's hangar to obscure the sign.
''I saw Merce and knew that, yes, dancing was a vital, amazing thing, something for people who think,'' Mr. Moulton said.
She is said, by friend and foe alike, to be notably bright, extremely hard-working, meticulous, deliberate, cautious and, above all, a Republican conservative.
Let me also say that the apprehension expressed in the report that negotiations will simply cloak the real bargaining going on between Pakistan and the Soviet Union is entirely baseless in view of Pakistan's commitment to the four principles of the Islamic Conference, which are also set forth in the U.N. General Assembly resolution of Nov. 20.
In peacetime it is honorable to tell the truth to those who deserve to hear it.
''Each side knows what the other has down to one or two pieces, exactly how many planes and missiles the other has.
An Iraqi military communique said that Iranian fighter bombers had attacked an Iraqi airbase near the border with Syria and charged that the jets had come from Syrian territory.
Not that Bill Buckner, who has never hit more than 14 home runs a season in 11 seasons with the Cubs and the Los Angeles Dodgers, is likely to turn into a Babe Ruth or a Roger Maris, even with the Stadium's short right-field porch.
He said, however, that he had no plans to seek public office again.
However, she is favorable to a phasing-in plan that would eliminate the ''marriage tax'' over two or three years.
He played it cleanly and assertively, without harshness.
In a recent publication they said that money supply growth in April might be troublesome but that ''prolonged excessive growth in the narrow aggregates should not be expected.''
Governor Byrne and his top aides consider the diversion project critical to meeting water needs in northeastern New Jersey and have called for work to begin soon.
Other studies were done in the 1969-70 and 1973-74 academic years.
The order will generate revenue of $22 million over the next five years.
Less than a month ago, Conoco was embroiled in another takeover battle and finally agreed to sell its 52.9 percent interest in the Hudson's Bay Oil and Gas Company to Dome Petroleum Ltd., of Calgary, Alberta, for $1.68 billion in stock and cash.
''I hate New York City,'' he said.
Recently they started building on a nearby wetlands, and we got the displaced red-winged blackbirds dropping in the back yard,'' Miss Wright said.
We are up, down, volcanic, we have spleen, nostalgia.
The number of pictures per roll is 10.
But there were still some problems, such as the time an Army researcher, trying to demonstrate the pouches' durability to a group of military brass, stomped on one.
They were a heterogenous lot, but they agreed that, abroad, Britain had to maintain membership in the Common Market and the Atlantic alliance; that, at home, some means had to be found to restrain wages, and Governments had to stop promising the moon; and that, within their new party, rank-and-file members had to have a considerable voice in its affairs.
Today, in addition to running a 1:52.9 split in trailing Wilson, he had a 49.5-second 400-meter clocking in the 1,600-meter relay trials and a 1:53.7 split in the 3,200-meter trials.
At 2:30 P.M. today, a panel of German and American publishers will discuss the question of promoting German literature in the United States.
There are some highs, but also some very lows.
The next week, Max turns up at a party Laury attends with Paul, and on his arm is an ebullient young woman (Ann Dusenberry) claiming to be Joy Morgan.
Third, they're damaging relations between two peoples, the Bedouins and the Jews.
Madden says Philadelphia's strength is teamwork.
''Reagan came in, had an agenda -the economy - and he did very well until the end of summer,'' said Mr. Sears, puffing Viceroys behind a desk in his law office the other day.
Many of its leases were acquired when National Restaurant bought the Childs and Schraffts chains years ago.
Zhang Shuqin's is not the name of the restaurant.
He was 84 years old.
BONDS have proved so disastrous over the last several years that some investors have come to regard them as hopeless.
5.Pack the mixture into a 9-by-5-by-3-inch loaf pan and smooth it over on top.
Mr. Dorfman was acquitted in that case, and the Government dropped its case against Mr. Lombardo after the chief witness against him was shotgunned to death by two men described by witnesses as wearing ski masks.
It is largely at their insistence that the meetings are private, the organizers explained.
A front-page editorial in Falastine al Thawra said oil should be used as a weapon.
She's been having dizzy spells, seizures and atypical Pap smears, and she wants to see her gynecologist at home in Weston, Mass.
''In the last two minutes,'' said Brunner, ''most teams try to take away out-cuts.
By accepting the Sears offer, they are getting a parent with big financial pockets which would provide the needed funds to enable them to continue to expand geographically while adding on new financial services.''
The Administration proposes cuts in the revised State Department authorization bill that would devastate educational and cultural exchange.
A few names will register with those who frequent New York City galleries and many will be familiar to visitors from both Westchester and Fairfield Counties.
Common Denominator: Talent If there is a thread that links the four new captains, it is talent.
This time he made the shot.
She returned to work on Monday.
The charge is at least $20 a day for a compact.
A Secret Service guard sits mutely in his bulletproof cubicle as her long complaint rings metallically about his ears over the intercom.
The stamp is dominated by roistering, hard-riding cowboys whose guns reach up to the name of the artist, who is described as an American sculptor.
''It presents me with a certain amount of freedom but does not guarantee that I will make money.''
Omri is kept frantically busy scrounging for these supplies, but the cupboard makes his work easier; everything locked into it becomes real.
And o ne trader has already been hired to begin work at 3 A.M.
Human rights evangelism may not be as popular now as when Idi Amin ruled, but there should be no doubt that the world has no stomach for another wave of inhumanity in unhappy Uganda.
David Bathurst, president of Christie's in America, didn't mind being called a liar.
The court held that Mr. Lasumba was not depraved, because his conduct was not ''an inherent deficiency of moral sense and rectitude.''
Nationally, Army and Air Force statistics show that more than 92,000 students were enrolled in the corps programs on American campuses last year, up 73 percent from a 1973 enrollment of 53,000.
Mr. Gerroll, last seen in David Hare's ''Knuckle'' at the Hudson Guild, is sweet, even charismatic as the British soldier who makes the tragic error of losing his heart to a hostile land.
Prices for good, developed buildings in downtown, which were less than $20 a square foot only a few years ago, Mr. Milde said, now ranged from about $75 to $230 as compared with about $250 to $400 in midtown.
The higher price applies only to the 600,000 barrels of Saudi output intended to compensate for shortages caused by the war.
The judge in a libel suit against Penthouse magazine has termed the magazine ''nauseous'' and ''offensive'' to some groups and ruled that copies should not be distributed to the jury weighing evidence in the case.
Pam Reynolds of Richmond, who had bought a black and gold taffeta dress for the occasion, said, ''The people down here were waiting for something new to happen,'' while two women in floor-length white fox strolled by.
I have no patience for the excuses: the forgotten books , the papers left at home .
''Home Sweet Home: The American Interior, 1750-1850,'' Fraunces Tav- ern Museum, 54 Pearl Street.
''Many of our members have indicated they will withhold payment of their September utility bill,'' said Diane Fahey, president and founder of People's Utility Fight, a group based in Monmouth and Ocean Counties that claims 1,500 members.
Information about it can be obtained from the automobile association's Foundation for Traffic Safety, 8111 Gatehouse Road, Room 212, Falls Church, Va. 22042.
In an interview last week, Mr. Fomon and his second-in-command, president George L. Ball, stated flatly that they could generate all the growth they needed internally, and they laid out how they expected to do it.
Real Estate Plans The reorganization, however, is more than a unit to attract the business of wealthy Americans.
10CHANGE OF HEART, by Sally Mandel.
''It looks as if the operations were successful in saving the leg from amputation.''
He said that the power from Canada would not be enough to make the Seabrook nuclear power plant unnecessary.
New Right and Civil Rights Q.
Well, this year I fired Harry and got myself another accountant.''
''Do you really want me to notify the Russians where our fake Pentagons are built?''
It came in the form of an extraordinary personal letter to Carter from Princess Ashraf, the Shah's twin.
Carlton Lee performed the ceremony.
The legacy of the angels' song has provided us with a special richness that we believe must surely be akin to the eternal wealth surrounding a tiny King who was born of poor parents in a lowly stable.
El Salvador's military-backed Government has been unable to subdue a guerrilla movement led by ''armed leftists who are responsible for a large number of kidnappings for ransom and murder of Government officials, diplomats and landowners'' or to control the ''abuses of death squads and other rightist terrorist groups which include present or retired members of the military,'' said the report.
A Pittsburgh woman sent $2 to pay for a small butcher knife her son stole from the Navy.
The Senate majority leader, Warren M. Anderson, mustered the Republican margin necessary to add to a sizable but shifting Democratic bloc even as the votes were being taken on the Senate floor.
An annual increase of $240 million in New York Telephone Company rates is to be approved by the State Public Service Commission, the staff attorney who had presented a case against any increase said yesterday.
Trekking off behind their ranger to the urban wilderness of the fenced-in bird sanctuary, the brigade members trooped over the rocky mountains of Manhattan schist, beneath the Fifth Avenue sierra and past Central Park's own grand canyon - the hole in the ground that will someday be the Wollman skating rink again.
Marbling is what provides the flavor.
In 1954, at the height of his movie career, he bought out his contract with Samuel Goldwyn in Hollywood and came to New York to be a stage actor.
Today's galloping inflation does not seem to be affecting the sales of these guides, but it certainly has affected their price.
Miss Brownstein says money from the school's regular budget will be augmented by grants from several computer manufacturers, and negotiations with foundations are under way.
The volleyball game on the town beach is an almost perpetual activity.
A spokesman for the Attorney General, said the company had sold ''low grade'' scrap metal, worth less than $80 a pound, and had kept it for the buyers in a warehouse in the Greenpoint section of Brooklyn.
Mr. Sutherland gasps and pants and bobs like a fleabag comic cavorting at a stag dinner.
In all three cases, the companies, citing the high interest rates that they are paying to borrow money, sought higher rates of profitabilty as measured by return on their equity, the money that stockholders invest.
A ''silent bit,'' defined somewhat nebulously in the Screen Extras Guild contract as the performance of a nonspeaking part that is ''essential to the staging of the scene involved,'' raises the day rate to $123.
Claude Rains is co-starred in the film, but you may not notice him.
No doubt the present management would like to assemble an all-star roster or even secure the services of the few constellations left for longer periods than they can at present.
''Those people who are supporting her may be surprised by her, and those people who are opposing her may come to like her.''
The Bundesbank acted last Thursday to force short- and medium-term interest rates higher in West Germany.
Nevertheless, said Mr. Horton, ''it's the only service that went to hell.''
The paper's owners became the intimates of Presidents, and the owners' sons and grandsons and great-grandsons eventually joined its staff.
As for politics, Mr. Koch accused the Governor of seeking a resolution on the $1 fare because ''he was dealt out of the legislative process in Albany.''
This new medium required us to use our talents together.''
But Hamman alertly won with the ace instead of the jack and led the heart nine to squeeze South.
Intellectual balletomanes have even argued that modern dance's reluctance to separate the artist from the art makes it inferior to ballet, an art in which style and technique are treated as objective considerations that transcend the strengths or limitations of any individual.
The 392-bed hospital is the second largest of 16 in the far-western part of the state and the only hospital within 50 miles that can treat serious head and spinal injuries.
In addition, he said, ''there was always the need to be helping people.''
It was generally agreed that there would be no quick emergence of a commercial reprocessing industry despite the lifting of the fouryear ban.
''The Case Against Ferro'' isn't.
We've heard for the last 30 years, everybody in government has talked about government's got to reduce its spending, government's to trim back the budget and so forth.
But he also called for legislative changes that would enable savings and loans to compete more in financial markets and give them more authority to make real estate loans and offer more financial services to homeowners and other consumers.
''What will go on here comes from John Houseman and Ellis Rabb, who gave me my postgraduate apprenticeship.
''Blacks and Hispanics no longer feel they have a friend at City Hall,'' Mrs. Codd said in a speech at the annual Liberal Party dinner at the Sheraton Centre.
The wilderness area, which includes Minnewaska State Park, is one of the most beautiful left in the East, according to Lawrence Gross, a Queens lawyer and conservationist who has been active in the litigation.
Superior remained strong, closing up 3 1/8 at 47 1/2.
But when the coach saw me, he said: 'Sharon, you look great.'
The finished products range from whimsical renderings of fairy tales, cartoon strips and space-age myths to reproductions of the century-old pop-ups that feature trips to zoos, binding-to-binding paper Victorian doll houses, nativity creches and busy stage sets.
Several crew members said that they did not regard the prospect of injury to themselves or whalers as a significant issue.
Despite the commission's emphasis on the existing housing approach, the report concedes the point made by many critics of proposals to phase out new construction and rehabilitation subsidies.
She was asked how she rated women's issues on her agenda.
He said during his confirmation hearing that the United States had ''erred substantially more on the conservative side in assessing the Soviet threat.''
They shared the view that should intervention in Poland occur, the Western industrialized democracies should cooperate and implement their policies in concert.
When Joy and Greg Sofio opened their specialty food shop, Rocco's, 15 weeks ago, many customers commented that their new premises looked more like a store one would find on Madison Avenue or on the North Shore.
Of the artists interviewed - none was new this year to the CraftMarket - most agreed with Thomas Schlecht, a jeweler who participates in several large shows a year and who said that ''99 percent'' of crafts buyers were honest.
'Damn right,' snarled Emily. ''
When it finally convened, the black writers explained that political elements in the townships were ostracizing them for consorting with whites, that they were no longer invited to read their work (often, of necessity, elegies) at the frequent commemorative meetings that mark sacred dates in the ''struggle,'' and that their association with white writers was proving a barrier to communication with their essential audience.
''For us she was a symbol of a dreadful outrage but she is unhappy here.
Without shame or pride, she humiliates herself in pursuing the young man, who is initially appalled, then annoyed, then frightened and, finally, snared in a fashion that becomes the point of this dark, intelligent, mirthless comedy.
Miss Feuerman, a sculptor, uses polyester resin and plaster to create fragmented parts of the human figure.
He also appeared here frequently as an organist and guest conductor, most often with the Mostly Mozart Festival.
We think over all we're a better team.
In switching to Coward, who died in 1974, the program conveys the impression that it had difficulty fleshing out the half-hour.
''The goal isn't to meet last year's earnings, but to exceed them,'' said Donald I. Trott, chairman of the investment policy committee at A.G. Becker.
Though his paintings are not esthetically desirable, Mr. Tansey, a Californian by birth, has the mind (to borrow from a current jeans commercial) that at least one observer would like to know better.
The public health and public safety committees recently endorsed legislation that would have the state's jai alai and dog track operators spend $150,000 on a pilot treatment program for chronic gamblers unable to cope with their vice.
The club's rule states that a car that is blending into traffic may not pass any cars once it has passed a reference cone that is placed a short distance beyond the end of the pit apron.
''The overwhelming majority of our customers will not buy inflatable restraints, and most of them will also defeat automatic belts if they are required on new cars.''
Presented by the New York City Opera.
The third most important painting was Martin Heade's ''Storm Clouds Over the Marshes,'' a painting that until recently hung in a garage.
Nestle, which dominates the third world market with a 50 percent share and has been the target of a boycott in the United States, was philosophical about the code's adoption.
It would lift unemployment and swell the budget deficit.
Last week, Intel's stock traded below $27.
Thinking back, I'm getting more and more excited.
And the man who occupies the residence is doing what he can to keep that spirit alive in a more forbidding building a few blocks down the street, the State Capitol.
One, that you never considered the race-track system because it was proposed by Jimmy Carter; you didn't want to have anything to do with something that he had proposed.
A book is a step out of depression.
A posthumously published novel about life on the Channel Island of Guernsey.
Hawley, Jorge Velasquez and Chris McCarron tied for individual honors with 12 points each.
Founded in 1964 by Martin Koenig and now directed by Ethel Raim and Mr. Koenig, the Balkan Arts Center gradually began to ignore geographical boundaries and to support, in addition to Balkan culture, the traditional music and dance of Ireland, Italy, Scandinavia and Europe's diverse Jewish communities.
He is a graduate of Princeton University.
A lot of liberal Democrats might agree, at least about smaller deficits, but not Ronald Reagan - who campaigned for a balanced budget -or Treasury Secretary Regan or Budget Director Stockman or Federal Reserve Chairman Volcker.
Ron Guidry will start the first game of the World Series for the Yankees Tuesday night, Manager Bob Lemon said yesterday, but only George Steinbrenner can say how many more games Guidry may start for the Yankees.
But the book has been so popular for 10 years now that I don't have that worry.
Since assuming the responsibilities of the Presidency, I have been impressed by the developing role of Saudi Arabia in advancing the prospects for peace and stability in the Middle East.
I am the son of Jewish immigrants who could not speak English.
The 36-to-2 vote today by the union's bargaining council, a tally then made unanimous, seemed to give the new tentative settlement a better chance of ratification by the soft-coal miners, who struck 64 days ago.
We know that next year is going to be rougher on everyone.
They - as well as many who want Commonwealth status to be maintained - think that Governor Romero will use the cultural center to spearhead an ''annexionist'' or Statehood movement, and they demand that the Center be returned to the Institute of Puerto Rican Culture.
In New York this season the totals for sales of Impressionist, modern and Latin American art were up dramatically over last year.
And what about those other teams that are in dire need of a hitter with solid minor-league credentials?
Beginnings and Endings In the week before many National Football League players will receive their first Super Bowl ring, Carl Eller is trying to recover three.
It would be worthwhile to test its eloquence in a variety of settings.
Actually, the whale was after us.''
Sales governed our lives and determined whether we went on vacation, what we wore, and the food on our table.
who said he leads a fast-paced life and has a real need for quiet once in a while.
''It's not as if the United States was able to do without steel,'' said Staughton Lynd, a Youngstown, Ohio, lawyer, ''or as if U.S. Steel was investing in something that would replace steel.''
Mr. Wolff, who is said to be ''without funds,'' is to be dropped as a co-defendant in the damage claim in return for testifying against Mr. Agnew.
The authorities have always dismissed this idea because they feared the Albanian majority in Kosovo would then seek to secede and unite with Albania.
The areas covered include all of Texas, Arizona and Alaska, much of California, Colorado and New Mexico and parts of Florida.
Also on exhibit is the first printing of the music to ''Hail, Columbia'' and ''Yankee Doodle.''
Position in Editorial In today's editorial, entitled ''F.Y.I.,'' The Post said the ''Ear'' item had not accused the Carters of placing listening devices in Blair House.
As we should have learned from Vietnam, but perhaps did not, escalation, from a few advisers and a limited amount of hardware to a much-deeper involvement, generates its own momentum.
''You can pick the rest of the team.''
2A CONFEDERACY OF DUNCES, by John Kennedy Toole.
Unfortunately, loin of pork was too dry, and bratwurst with sauerkraut arrived disappointingly stale-tasting and overly salted.
As have other Democrats, Senator Byrd acknowledged that President Reagan was riding a ''high wave of popularity,'' but he predicted that there would be a different reaction later.
You would think it inevitable that they were acquainted, for Ray Grebey knows everything there is to know about the finances and labor relations of major league baseball and Bowie Kuhn knows everything Grebey knows, plus the approximate location of second base.
Put the lamb in a mixing bowl and add the rice.
could not sustain the level of violence without suffering costly losses in personnel.
One was identified by Thai officials as an employee of the Milchem Company in Indonesia with the last name of Schneider.
- Robin Chapman, Cranford, N.J. 145 lb.
He is survived by his wife, Marion; a son, Charles J., of Rumson, N.J.; a daughter, Margaret W. Gilman of Garden City, L.I.
And yes, there is beer.
The $500 second prize went to Annette DiMedio of Philadelphia, who played Prokofiev's No.
The production increase resumes the industry's growth, interrupted by a poor year in 1980, from a low point in 1971.
When the revolution broke out, Mr. Rosenblatt covered the conflict for newspapers in New York.
They meet in a 40-foot bed of gravel under a pond at the center of the property.
"Under the Carter and Nixon Administrations, what we were doing was a crime.
''It is the most historic public room we have,'' he added.
Now I'm beginning to understand why.''
But the Government insists that most small and medium-sized producers are operating normally, and it argues that the business organizations are merely instruments of opposition political parties.
He was captured by Israel's Christian militia allies, who turned him over to the Israeli authorities, according to court testimony.
More than 110,000 people have been told that their dwellings are unsafe and that they must move.
Mr. Traiger recommended restrictions on the use of brokers by lessors as well as limits on their commissions.
Mr. Baines commented: ''Country Miss has exceeded management's expectations for 1981 to date and will add nicely to earnings during this, its first year as part of Hart Schaffner & Marx.''
Mediterranean and Mideast Costa Cruises DANAE Capacity 405 passengers, two outdoor pools, Greek cuisine.
Upstairs are a loom room, a large bedroom and what always was known in the family as the ''middle room,'' a narrow chamber which Nathaniel, in his will, ordered reserved for the use of his unmarried sister.
Reservations should be made in advance, especially during the busy summer months.
Of course, ''Annie'' is our major project, to be released next May.
But Mr. Smith asserted that Mr. Lewis and Mr. Kawakami were close friends and that they and a number of other Wells Fargo executives were involved jointly in systematic fraud that was much larger than the bank has acknowledged.
The child who wedges into three caves will see first a den full of rat and garter snakes, then the crevice home for a wood rat, and finally a third, smaller grotto alive with glistening red cave salamanders intent on catching crickets for breakfast.
Now the plan for an office building, in Newark's historic area around Washington Park, began to take shape.
There was solid reasoning behind this sensational ducking play.
Meanwhile, though he knows he must give up his home, Mr. Androtti continues to visit it.
This is a classic instance of appearances deceiving, as your correspondent, the Michelin and Gault-Millau gastronomical guides and three generations of faithful customers can attest.
Not all the reaction, however, was positive.
'' Over a series of dinners - ''mostly Italian; Michael loves Italian food'' - they discussed Miss Holliday's disappointment with her role.
''We say God lets you perform.
San Diego went from there to score the first touchdown.
The idea for a Dallas arts district originated in 1977 when a consultant's team recommended locating six of the city's arts groups on 29 acres just north of the downtown area.
Moving into the top spot will be A.C. Markkula Jr., 39, chairman of the board, who becomes president and chief executive.
Must stop this now from lack of paper; the plane leaving and must get out in the boat.
James C. Miller 3d, the new chairman of the Federal Trade Commission, said today that the commission should no longer protect consumers from defective products and unsubstantiated advertising claims.
The next morning, he rushes to Betsy's apartment and intercepts her just as she is leaving for the movies.
For spring, many important American designers have combined these ideas for up-to-date decolletages.
Since a few days after the outbreak of the war, President Hussein has periodically offered a cease-fire and negotiations on the basis of his demands.
BLACK ARTISTS Ten years ago, to give black artists from the Island and the rest of the New York metropolitan area a showcase for their talents, the Great Neck Library began ''Contemporary Black Artists in America.''
There was much speculation that Korchnoi would resign tonight by telephone without making a move.
Since the book came out, ''reaction has been wonderful,'' Mr. Sack said.
Both Mr. Nittel and Mr. Karry had Jewish backgrounds.
I knew all the various ways you could trade on other men's weaknesses.
In Oklahoma City, Ruth Adams's phone bill is filled with calls to Minot.
It has won 10 to 12 seats in the past, and is now shown in the polls as likely to receive 8 or 9.
Not so consistent was Park Place veal: on one occasion, befitting their thinness, the cutlets were barely introduced to the flame; on another, not even lemon butter and brandy could vitalize the overcooked veal.
Their possible importance was further enhanced last week, when the Ways and Means Committee began tax bill hearings and hope for a compromise seemed to fade.
The ''Wall-to-Wall'' events started at the former movie theater three years ago.
In addition, $23.4 million of the increase would pay for the upkeep of new buildings, higher energy costs and increases tied to inflation for postage, supplies, equipment, security and maintenance.
''At first, I thought he was for the other player,'' she said.
15 Minutes of Freedom During a recess, while he was in a holding area on the fifth floor in the Hall of Justice, Mr. Franklin tampered with a key-operated elevator and rode to the third floor, where he used a sharpened piece of metal to remove the pins of a door.
A Dinner Shared With Americans One evening, in a ramshackle adobe building where torrential rains easily penetrate the gaps in the red tile roof, four American and Honduran soldiers shared a kerosene lamp-lighted dinner with the French, West German and Honduran doctors that are part of the relief effort in La Virtud.
It was the site of the last encounter between Sherlock Holmes and Professor Moriarty.
Lois was out of a job.
He ended his career in April 1974 and is now a television executive.
It was understood that their resignations would be accepted, although this was not officially announced.
Walter Kerr had similar worries last month, when he urged new dramatists not to abandon the theater for Hollywood.
The marriage is the second for Mr. Jordan, who was divorced in 1978.
A former American intelligence agent, Mr. Wilson was charged last year with illegally exporting ex plosives to Libya as part of a plan to train terrorists and is a f ugitive.
By contrast, the average seven-day yield offered by the money funds in the week ended Wednesday was 14.6 percent, Donoghue's Money Fund Report, a newsletter, reported.
But the Administration said yesterday that Secretary of State Alexander M. Haig Jr. had instructed the American delegation not to allow the negotiations to be completed at the present session because more time was needed to review the ''serious problems raised by the draft convention.''
She is entering high school in the fall and she was starting early by taking out two books from a reading list the school had given her.
The conditions, Dr. Scheidig reported, were frightening.''
Raise prices about a dime a gallon of gas?
The bank's assessment took note of all the positive signs - the strong retail sales, healthy tourism, the spate of office-skyscraper construction, the emergence of the city's job market from the 1980 recession with less damage than that suffered in other parts of the country.
The state would become a county tenant and, through its rent, repay the county for construction costs, debt service on the bonds and operating costs.
One thousand long-distance runners from 50 countries are expected to compete Feb. 8 in the 19th annual San Blas marathon at Coamo, a town known for its thermal springs, on Route 14 northeast of Ponce.
But the townspeople, with their prejudices and superstitions, intrude, and the play, in which a witch baby is born and burned, ends tragically.
Of course, things are never this simple.
The experience of teaching these youngsters is overwhelming.
Open only on sunny days, these lavender flowers bear the triple stigmas which produce the costly spice, saffron.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
He led from weakness, with selections from Bach's ''Well-Tempered Clavier,'' Book I, giving thick and unstylish readings of the Prelude and Fugue No.
Within one week, more than a hundred carts disappeared or were damaged by automobiles in the parking lot.
As a composer, he has more than 300 songs to his credit.
All the characters are different manifestations of the confidence man, king of a world without principle and a man who succeeds in gulling his fellows by capitalizing on their false hopes and by offering false pity.
Over the 27 years we held these properties we produced a lot of oil and gas for American consumers.
I think a lot about the farm.''
Most dealers carry only a few models, but here is a sampling of companies that offer a larger selection: Gracious Home, 1220 Third Avenue at 70th Street, (535-2033), sells a wide variety of heaters, from a $25 Arvin to a $180 Thermomate baseboard heater.
The last two years witnessed a bout of incredibly bad luck; the last few months have seen a string of unpredicted good luck.
To the public it was the Christmas bombing.
Ten years ago there were 4.420, the authority said.
I got him to buy the Mets.''
"It is not only contrary to the Bible's teachings but facilitates the breakup of the family, which is the nucleus of society."
Because we feel nothing for him, half the play capsizes.
The neoclassical building, with its wide, marble steps, elaborate lampposts and doric columns, is a rare reminder of what Athens looked like before World War II.
Certainly the examples shown here, with their witty parodies of past artistic modes and their defiant concentration on a scene that is utterly without interest, is in its own way wonderfully arbitrary.
A T this week's frenetic round of parties, o ne question could be heard over an d over: ''How was your summer?''
As one of them put it: ''All the good deals are made early in the day.''
The rest came from deals or from Finland and Sweden.
The party control commissions examine ideological deviations among party members.
Although El Duro's durability sometimes stretches our credulity, his character is memorably drawn, and his burgeoning love affair with Gail and continual conflict with the C.I.A.
It was Parents Weekend at Lawrenceville and the largest crowd of the season was at the New Jersey school's field to cheer on its unbeaten team yesterday.
Things can happen with the music or have nothing to do with it.
There are many honorable and convinced Communists in the Polish party who are ready to fight for the ideals of Marxism-Leninism, for an independent Poland.
In a report predicting a much older population in the decades ahead, the Census Bureau said today that there were 25.5 million people over 65 years old, 28 percent more than in 1970.
''I wasn't hitting worth a damn.
It must be sustained over a long period of time and must be given more political context.''
They support expanded use of probation with stricter supervision, and more emphasis on restitution to victims and community service.
Short-term help for the beleagured retirement fund was also voted, in the form of permission to borrow from the parallel Medicare and disability funds, but only for 1982.
He said the office would cover the entire West Coast.
Pentagon officials said that in recent days both Oman and the Sudan have indicated that they might decide to withdraw from the joint maneuvers.
''A lot of people have said that they'll have to move, to get away from here,'' their neighbor, Mr. Marble, reports.
The damage in loss of tourists from Europe who either do not want to wait on visas or who are put off by the bombing is expected to be substantial.
Evidently the phenomenon of downward rigidity of prices and wages is not taught in high school.
They all expected she'd be temperamental.
The highest estimate for the turnof-the-century Impressionist study of women washing clothes and preparing food was $500,000.
Sixty-one boats competed in four classes.
''I can't believe that you were worrying about a guy like me.''
Only a bouncy opening duet had any dance interest, and the closing duet was embarrassingly feeble in concept, choreography and performance.
These are Mario A. Posillico of Lloyd Harbor, president of J. D. Posillico Inc.; Albert Davis of Muttontown, president of the Davis Construction Corporation, and Andrew De Lillo of Munsey Park, president of the Clearview Pipe Corporation, the major supplier of concrete pipe for the sewer distict.
Only church members who are recommended for entry by their church leaders are permitted inside the temple, but the public is welcome in the tabernacle.
Second-quarter net operating losses at the Emigrant Savings Bank, for example, were reduced significantly by proceeds from the sale of a building.
"The shortage," said Philip Caruso, the president of the Patrolmen's Benevolent Association, "has had an effect on arrest procedures.
Daring and pleasure - my life has given me pleasure at all times.
In May 1980, Morse and Robert Descharnes, a Dali scholar from France and also an old friend, visited Salvador and Gala in Port Lligat, and were appalled at what they found.
State departments of education are furious when we come out with regulations like this.''
In the Expo ninth, Gary Carter opened with a bloop single to right against Allen.
National Medical Enterprises offers hospitals, nursing homes, hospital equipment distribution and respiratory therapy.
The pattern of the arrests suggested that the security police were looking for evidence that recent black protests have been coordinated.
In addition, they contend, restraints would not necessrily put auto workers back to work.
And even if funds are found for the schools, it appears unlikely that the city will be able to meet its payroll and pay its other bills in the next two months.
Only a third of the seats available during the 14-week run of ''Nicholas Nickleby'' had been sold prior to the opening on Sunday.
I am an analyzer, trying to leave out as much as I can.''
Mr. Sands's mother and sister, told by prison doctors he could die at any time, visited him in a prison hospital outside Belfast today, the 58th day of his fast.
And then they are gone up the alleys toward home, and a disciplined quiet is again imposed on the second session at the school.
While a West Coast money manager said, ''He has good instincts for sensing anomalies and thinks ahead of the crowd.
But time ran out with the ball on the Philadelphia 42.
They protected their lead through some unyielding pitching by Joe Niekro, who retired 11 batters in a row in the middle innings.
Expedition to End Soon According to Miss Pickard, Miss Anderson said that her husband, Peter Gimbel, hoped to reach the safes by mid-week.
Meets at 10:30 A.M. and 3 P.M.
He and his wife were baptized into the church as adults.
After loud objections, mainly from controllers, a compromise was reached allowing an individual to use the immunity refuge just once.
Appearing with the Commodores is France Joli, the Canadian popdisco singer.
With Sam Lacey traded to the Nets, Steve Johnson, the rookie center, started at center for Kansas City and tried playing against Dawkins.
As a first step, the two-tier exchange system, with one rate for tourists and another for businessmen, has been abolished.
In one particularly cruel deception, the uneducated black men who were called in for a spinal puncture - a painful and (under the circumstances) potentially dangerous procedure with absolutely no therapeutic effect - were sent a letter announcing their ''LAST CHANCE FOR SPECIAL FREE TREATMENT.''
Part of both the puzzlement and the distrust is political.
The art of persuasion was nearly impossible in the school auditorium, for the speakers could barely be heard over the bedlam.
If Mr. Finney's decisions in the last few years sound carefully considered, that methodical planning has always been typical of his approach to his career.
The show is large - more than 75 photographs - so if you go, leave yourself plenty of time.
''But we met our payroll this week as we have always done.
Furthermore, prior disclosure of their discoveries could nullify their own patent applications.
The film begins by cross-cutting between a circus and a funeral, lest anyone miss the point.
''I think it's ridiculous,'' she said.
There is one incidence when the chef's low-sodium regime falls from grace.
The Mayor had assailed Justice Hortense W. Gabel of State Supreme Court, for imposing what he called an ''unduly lenient'' sentence last week on a former Brinks guard from Queens who had pleaded guilty to stealing money from city parking meters.
''I was experiencing high fever - 103.8.
What is distressing and disturbing about this article is its central and obsessive concern about how well the intelligence function is performed, and not about what for the intelligence capability is to be developed.
Last year, New York's record deer kill (136,255) exceeded by nearly 41,000 the total taken in all of New England and New Jersey.
But even so, he often has something that is characteristically funny and sassy to say about them in a catalogue ($6) that makes hilarious reading.
; Michael of New York City, and Alan of Austin, Tex., and four grandchildren.
When you died your shadow slept at the mouth of the furnace and ate ashes for bread.
''Inflation is highly stimulative to retail sales, he said.
It can be responsible business and other leaders.
Richard H. Truly of the Navy and Col. Joe H. Engle of the Air Force broke through the clouds and landed on the desert at Edwards Air Force Base in California.
You could go in, and I could go in, and anyone else, and try to talk to these young people and tell them the harm in this and get nowhere.
Cashen, however, was free to talk with Gorman about money, but it was not money that induced Gorman to become the Mets' vice president for baseball operations.
Betting line: Cincinnati by 6.
Western military strategists, however, have questioned whether neutron weapons would be of great value to Soviet forces because the device would be useful principally against tanks - an area in which the Soviet Union is already regarded as considerably stronger than the West.
Then it reverses itself, and suddenly everybody's up again.''
Colonel Ozsecen referred to the period between July 27, 1975, and Oct. 9, 1978, when the Turkish Army cut off all operations at Sinop and other American facilities in response to the United States arms embargo after Turkey's military intervention in Cyprus.
''The choreography was rather old-fashioned and full of pantomime, with not much dance.''
RUTH BROWN has all the luck - good luck, bad luck and luck that swings from one extreme to the other.
Prices for coffee, sugar and cocoa fell dramatically, following the sharp decline in the British pound.
They complain that the Sandinistas appear to be restricting their access to visiting world dignitaries and demanding that all contacts be cleared through them.
''People like you more when you lose,'' Sangster said with a shrug.
While he called the changes in depreciation schedules ''exhilarating,'' Mr. Evans also said companies cannot turn around in four months.
THE car is standing in the driveway, red as a ribbon and wrapped in pizazz.
The old owner, figuring that $10,000 in hand is better than $20,000 he is not certain of getting agrees, and sells the $20,000 note for $10,000.
The Pentagon Papers weighed 60 pounds.
''ABC wanted the seal, that was very important to them,'' observed David Gerber, the show's producer.
Mr. Feld senior bought the Ringling Brothers and Barnum & Bailey Circus in 1967.
Feedstock for the venture will come from the Kingdom Natural Gas-Gathering and Distribution System now nearing completion.
Unlike the centrally heated dining areas of most homes, apartments and restaurants, the rooms compatible with the temperature of wine were of another era, in drafty chateaus or town houses that would register 65 to 68 degrees.
N. Leo Beller, an assistant vice president for real estate loans at the Bank of America, illustrates the affordability problem with the example of a family that is seeking a $100,000 mortgage for the purchase of a $125,000 house.
MARVIN LUNENFELD, Associate Professor of History, State University of New York, College at Fredonia
ALTHOUGH it is never pleasant to have to reduce the rating of a restaurant, it is especially disturbing to have to do so with Gallagher's for three reasons.
Mexico realistically accepts regimes different from its own - such as those in Cuba and Nicaragua - and sharply rejects the view that the unrest in the region is caused by Cuban agitation.
With long white wig, beard and heavy lines applied to his face, he was Timur in ''Turandot.''
''That kind of action,'' Father Antczak said, ''may work in the marketplace, but does not belong with the humanistic principles expected of a great university like Seton Hall.''
If you don't cut, you have to accept the whole image.''
Bigger even than the ''Taps'' get-together was the one run by Columbia for ''Neighbors,'' a picture based on a Thomas Berger novel.
769 was far gone, as developers would say, when Mr. Campbell entered the picture.
We can't live without it.''
But there are some celebrations: Gen. Jimmy Doolittle is 86 and former Senator Margaret Chase Smith is 85.
No other athlete in all sports history has ever been so far better than the next best men, and over such a span of years.
Goring knows he looks different with his aged helmet, but he says: ''I'm superstitious.
They will replace other Budd cars, 30 to 40 years old, which broke down so often that bus service had to be provided on a standby basis.
So, business today suffers from what Hayes and Abernathy regard as an extremely unhealthy shortage of production-trained managers who possess a wisdom that can be developed only through years of firsthand observation and involvement culminating in a knowledge of how things are made, produced and ultimately sold.
For all the headaches, mainly scrupulous attention to detail plus the task of keeping ahead of trends, catering is a growth business.
No other candidate can approach the Sheil campaign in financing.
IN an effort to reduce the growing number of students who leave high school before graduating, the New York State Board of Regents has established a ''dropout limit'' of 10 percent, which became effective on Sept. 27.
Poor Kantar kept wanting to make aggressive three no-trump bids in accordance with rule 1, but had to worry about rules 2 and 3, not to ment ion 6.
* Two small radical groups, the Palestine Liberation Front and the Palestine Popular Struggle Command.
Porcelain and stoneware bowls and plates, wine glasses and bottles, a Queen Anne teapot - Mr. Huey was astonished at the richness of the tiny area he had excavated.
''The selling may have been encouraged by the absence of the Swiss banks as buyers in Hong Kong,'' Mr. Sinclair said.
- Exempted licensed physical therapists from jury duty.
The teen-ager, who got an assist in his debut, is the brother of Duane, an Islander who has not seen action this season.
''This is so perfect for the talk shows,'' Mr. Brooks says.
High interest rates have thus had a dramatic impact.
As in the past, the leadership turned to words, not actions.
Blacks were siphoned off to other districts and whites added so that his 84 percent black constituency became less than 60 percent.
Now it is not unusual these days for straphangers to encounter escalators that do not function, and it is often the custom to descend them as if they were regular stairs.
Do we still keep ginger in it and pass it around?
In a move reflecting the continued weakness of the world oil market, Libya notified major oil companies yesterday that it is willing to cut the price of its oil.
He also was the champion in 1968, 1970 and 1971.
But the most visible of the newly anonymous products seems to be the product called ''Filter Cigarettes.''
Mr. MacMillan's program note quotes from her book a poem that expresses toughly if perfectly the despair at seeing her generation cut down in World War I.
Rather, the corps is in need of selfdisciplined, motivated men and women who are willing to commit themselves to two years of harsh living conditions, loneliness, the hard work of cultural assimilation and the long and tedious process of socialization.
Even so, looking at Administration guidelines from this region's perspective, there isn't so much clarity.
Eleven percent of the nation's 46 million schoolchildren are in nonpublic schools and almost seven of every 10 nonpublic students are in Catholic institutions.
Will movies never quit ridiculing Romans by portraying them as people with fussy diction?
He said that because the transit system's operating and capital financing needs were closely linked, he would continue to urge simultaneous action by the Legislature on both matters.
H. Grant Hathaway, the 54-year-old president of the Equitable Bancorporation, a major bank holding company, has been elected to the additional post of chief executive officer.
It can be tied, knotted or wrapped, and experiment is in order.
The unemployment rate in Butler County, of which Middletown is a part, is 9.2 percent, as against 9.9 percent for the state as a whole.
Other suspect Boston College games occurred Dec. 16, 1978, a victory over Harvard; Jan. 10, 1979, a loss to Rhode Island, and Jan. 20, a victory over Holy Cross.
It was the fuel cell failure that forced Col. Joe H. Engle of the Air Force and Capt.
But Nelson quickly regained the lead.
It was an easy 45-minute drive to Escondido, where we stopped at the visitors' center at 720 North Broadway for further directions and a map.
Off to the side, his hands in the pockets of his beige suit jacket as he chats with reporters and waits for the television cameras to be set up, is a tall, solidly built, light-complexioned black man.
As ''the first Slavic Pope in the history of the church'' his heart cries out for such unity, he told the scholars.
Interior and defense ministers of European nations have been meeting regularly for several years to coordinate the fight against terrorism.
* Texas Eastern Finance N.V. reduced its seven-year note issue by $25 million, to $75 million, and the issue price was set at par bearing 15.875 percent instead of 15.125 percent, as had been indicated, according to the lead underwriter, Dillon Read Overseas Corp.
The new directive said American policy would try to keep both the volume and the sophistication of arms sales consistent with the actual defense needs of individual nations and their ability to pay for and to operate the weapons.
Hog futures for delivery this year reversed a two-day slide, with the October contract gaining .60 cent, to close at 50.05 cents a pound.
Mr. Haig told the committee that because of what he called a shortage of Saudi air crews and technicians, ''there will be an American presence in the aircraft and on the ground well into the 1990's.''
Those high interest rates have also made processors of farm produce, cotton and metals reluctant buyers because of the high cost of financing inventory.
She was 73 years old.
7COLOR ME BEAUTIFUL, by Carole Jackson.
1THE OFFICIAL PREPPY HANDBOOK, edited by Lisa Birnbach.
45 Systems Exceed Limit Officials of the Department of Human Resources said they had found 45 community water systems around the state that exceeded Federal or state levels for radioactive contamination.
By far more oil and gas wells are drilled in this country than anywhere else in the world.
Madison Avenue Cautious There are still doubters along Madison Avenue.
Just for the record, he also plays a tiny role in ''Hunting Flies,'' as Irena's abandoned nonsculptor.
That one step is all a receiver needs for a touchdown, and that is all a cornerback needs to qualify for a oneway ticket home.
The Senate also rejected, 59 to 37, a proposal by Senator George J. Mitchell, Democrat of Maine, to restore $224 million to the Economic Development Administration.
I don't think revenge is worthy of us.''
His previous marriage ended in divorce.
''I chopped wood, skied, saw moose in the front yard.
And although labels may not make a difference, the phrase 'human rights' has a historic and international meaning.
As the economists Dale Jorgenson and Peter Navarro point out on the opposite page, President Reagan is backing the flawed ''10-5-3'' accelerated depreciation approach over a more effective alternative.
In early October 1976, John Henry Harper, a former C.I.A.
And Japan's largest tire manufacturer, the Bridgestone Tire Company, has asked the ministry to compensate it for $7.32 million that Iran failed to repay on a joint venture.
Always taps splits the air.
Debate on Contribution The Appropriations Committee had recommended that the United States contribution be increased from $850 million, the amount recommended by Mr. Reagan and negotiated by the previous Administration.
If the ruling stands, the door that was firmly shut in 1968 will be once again ajar, and thousands of blacks who have been denied permanent residence in urban areas in recent years may be allowed to pass through it.
The Office of Federal Statistical Policy, an interagency group in Washington, has taken steps to tighten this requirement before admitting more counties.
The Petersens, for instance, don't believe that even two incomes will allow them to save a $15,000-plus down payment in the foreseeable future.
A ruptured safety valve on a tank truck loaded with sulfur trioxide at the Allied Chemical Corporation plant released a caustic cloud this morning that dissipated as it drifted toward Staten Island.
The confrontation was piquant, if perhaps unintentional - President Reagan, a committed cutter of Federal cultural subsidies, in the audience and, on stage, Puccini's ''La Boheme,'' a story of impoverished artists.
This is a pity, as the dinner dishes are generally more competently prepared.
The charges said officials of the former Atomic Energy Commission and other agencies sometimes used ''deception'' to escape local scrutiny of waste-disposal operations.
Only because Washington proposes, for the first time, to subsidize adoption and services aimed at keeping children out of foster care is there any hope of changing the system.
A film profile of the day's guest adds a nice touch to the interview segment.
The election date had been set earlier and eliminated a major candidate.
On the aisles, expectancy turned to tension.
Of course, there's always a chance that the political winds will change again, that private businesses will be snapped shut, and that the authorities will turn up, like they did in Arlo Guthrie's song, to take 27 eight-by-ten color glossy photos, with circles and arrows on the back of each one, as evidence that Madame Zhang is once again following the capitalist road.
That isn't the usual time to make changes.
The dollar began the day by dropping nearly 2 yen in Tokyo.
Sculpture, thus, will be seen against the curve of the vault, which should produce an almost mystical sense of uncertain depth.
Until then, Ashland stock had maintained a price of $35 to $40 a share.
David R. Brink, who earns his living as a specialist in estate planning, today stepped into an unsalaried job in which he will help the legal profession plan its future.
Houk, 62 years old, previously managed the Yankees and Detroit before joining the Red Sox last season.
As in any community, regional causes, political issues and special celebrations bring people of similar sensibilities together, and the cultural community of the South Fork is no exception.
He also said that he would take unspecified steps to make the agency more effective through attracting a wide array of talented analysts and ''tapping the insights of the nation's scholars.''
The small staff of young waiters and waitresses has an eager-toplease earnestness that befits the look of this small place that seats 40.
12 EDITH SITWELL: A Biography.
Welfare clients were told by the State Comptroller, Edward V. Regan, that perhaps they should expect less from government.
On these points there can be no compromise from us.''
Mr. Magnin, whose father is general manager of General de l'Aire, international dealers in aircraft, is an alumnus of the Lawrenceville School and Princeton University.
I ran for City Council president in 1977, when all understood that Carol Bellamy would win.
Yester-day's winds of more than 30 miles an hour and falling thermometer were signs of coming season.
Under Shari Upbin's direction, these peaks and lows, each admirable in itself, can be wearing in the entirety.
Since the birth of Joshua, Miss Suzman reports, she has managed her busy life by ''juggling like crazy and taking the baby everywhere.
Both the truck drivers who haul the sugar to the port and the longshoremen who handle it belong to the boatmen's parent union.
The main reason Chinautla is slowly being washed away is that Guatemala City is 1,000 feet above the valley floor where Chinautla is situated and the amount of water sluicing down into the ravine increases every time a road is laid, a house is built or a piece of land is terraced over.
He was represented at yesterday's proceedings by a Legal Aid lawyer.
Mr. Sperduto said he did not oppose at-large Council seats in general, only the system of distributing such seats equally among the five boroughs.
And Secretary Haig insists that the first target of such policy should be terrorism.
This was covered by the nine, ten and jack, and South drew exactly the right inferences.
During exhibition games against the Bradenton rookie league team, John and Reuschel were the most impressive of the Yankee pitchers.
When the vegetation that had covered the monument was removed, wind and rain - to say nothing of scavenging villagers - began to have their effect on the fragile fabric of the building.
It designed the living quarters of the nuclear submarine Nautilus.
A shock awaited James Solomon when he returned to his Brooklyn apartment after a week away from the city last last winter: the lock on his door had been changed.
''When was the last time you wrote a letter?''
I tried to hit it in the air and I was lucky enough to do it.''
Mr. Carey is also expected to repeat his call for constitutional amendments to restructure the state's various trial courts into a single, statewide system and to provide for appointment, rather than election, of many judges.
With the advent of secular nationalism it was hoped that religious identification would be replaced by nationalterritorial citizenship.
After convicting them on the second day of deliberations, the jury reached a special verdict that the brothers must forfeit their union positions, under a provision of the Federal racketeering law.
It has not been uncommon for ballet figures associated with other companies to suggest, more in frankness than anything else, that DTH has benefited from a certain degree of indulgence from critics and well-wishers in the audience.
Is Washington aware of the collision course with Mexico that it has charted through its imprudent elevation of El Salvador to the realm of strategic confrontation?
The 66-year-old Miss de Havilland said she was looking forward to working in ''Murder Is Easy'' with Helen Hayes, who is 80, because ''although we've both been batting around as actresses since we were kids, we've never appeared together.
The crowded Jets backfield didn't do Clayton much good either.
The staff swells to about 50 for parties such as the museum benefit.
You'll have to buy plants at nurseries and garden centers.
Remove the cover, raise the heat and cook until the liquid has evaporated.
But we returned to that tradition in 1973, a volunteer military.
Admission is $1.50 for adults, half price for children.
In a continuing atmosphere of uncertainty, Mr. Reagan spent much of his day conferring with budget officials and working on a television address tha t his Adminstration hopes will bolster the resolve of Congress to c ut spending for the second time this year.
Governor Carey's testimony was the harsher of the two.
''That's certainly a cornerstone I would want to maintain about my own term as Governor, whether it's to last just the remainder of this term, or to go on for four more years.''
A graceful row of free-standing cast-iron Corinthian columns were chosen as the boundary of a long gallery-type space.
Clarification on Cuba Mr. Reagan said that, in discussing Cuba's alleged role in the trouble in El Salvador, Secretary of State Alexander M. Haig Jr. was in no way suggesting ''an assault on Cuba'' in his recent remarks about dealing with alleged Cuban arms aid, ''at the source.''
Union a 'Sensitive' Topic As for the union whose strike brought the new students here, it appears to be a subject not in great favor.
This time its for the Lestoil products from the Noxell Corporation, which had been at Foote, Cone & Belding for seven years.
A White House official said there was no intention of appearing to advance a ''high-profile, broad-based agenda in this area.''
Mr. Kennedy, who lost two brothers to assassins, had urged the Governor to sign the bills.
Mr. Whitelaw said the new tactics, to which he gave his ''fullest support,'' had met with ''conspicuous success'' in the racially mixed district of Moss Side in Manchester Thursday night and yesterday morning.
He says he expects both.
I recently acquired a new one, but not because the old one had failed.
At the request of the newly elected Reagan Administration, he submitted his resignation from the Governmentsponsored corporation.
Agents for oil and gas companies are combing the hilly region and leasing mineral rights from farmers.
Jurors in the antitrust suit brought by the Oakland Raiders against the National Football League completed their seventh day of deliberations today without reaching a verdict.
Mr. Haig said that ''this has been resolved, and resolved very happily, to my satisfaction.''
This shortsighted view ignores the effects that this agreement will have in the region.
''That was a bum rap,'' Mr. Gianelli said.
The suspect, identified as Larry Darnell Wallace, 25 years old, of St. Louis, was jailed pending the filing of charges.
Jim and his five brothers all raced and he and three of his brothers tried unsuccessfully to make the United States Olympic team last year.
Sheik Kishk has a strong following among Moslem fundamentalists, and he has been outspoken in his opposition to Mr. Sadat, in particular criticizing him for signing the peace treaty with Israel.
The results were ''disappointing, in that they are measured against a disastrous period last year,'' said Arvid Jouppi, an auto industry analyst for John Muir & Company in Detroit.
All right, I had been reading Sherlock Holmes.
She won the Sullivan Award as America's outstanding amateur athlete.
On the other side were such Council members as Miriam Friedlander of Manhattan, who said she had voted for the resolution because ''First Amendment rights have to be tempered with certain social rights.''
requires a day's notice to pick up a package for delivery.)
And a few feet from all that stood a dozen city firemen in full gear.
''I don't know if they will or not.
Richard Corbisieri, the board's executive director, said that the board ''has absolutely no comment on any aspect of this matter.''
Just before 3 o'clock on a recent Sunday morning, my wife and I arrived at Kennedy International Airport on a flight from Barbados that was more than four hours late.
C. Edward Acker, the newly appointed chairman and chief executive officer of Pan American World Airways, told Air Florida that he was planning to sell 350,000 of its common shares in a block transaction.
Their engagement has been announced by Mr. and Mrs. Clarence Tonka of Atlanta, parents of the bride-to-be, a national account sales manager for General Foods, where her fiance is a senior trademark lawyer.
Hall passes and hometown friends are being left behind.
- ''Just about every one of the large manufacturing industries in the city was harder hit than its national counterpart.''
A state judge ruled today that an evangelist, Lester Roloff, was not required to submit his church-run child-care homes to state inspections.
The possibility of an individual's beating the market is very slim, he added.
One of the things they have learned in dealing with their drinking problem, they add, is to take responsibility for themselves.
Some Bangladeshis use their first names as the surname.
PETER J. BRENNAN, New York
I myself have undergone a life-threatening operation, and I vividly remember the anguish of knowing that I might never again see those I love.
Thus far, even strikes by ambulance drivers have failed to sway the Prime Minister.
But Howard H. Baker Jr. of Tennessee, the Senate majority leader, said the session would produce ''stimulation of the economy, a reduction in a level of government and the intrusion of government into private affairs, and an increase in the military preparedness and readiness of the United States.''
'Forceful Action in Court' The Fire Commissioner, Charles J. Hynes was, not so optimistic.
Tickets are $6 a person and may be obtained from the Alexandria Tourist Council, 221 King Street, Alexandria, Va. 22314 (703-549-0205).
''We'd lose quicker if we became another Chapel Hill.''
I wanted to raise my five kids good and clean in a county environment so that I never had to go pick them up from the Police Department, knock on wood.
After the war, I went to Munich as a civilian and was an arts administrator for the occupying forces.
In other words, if the scholars were right and the marsh Arabs were wrong, this undoubtedly would be his last expedition.
By the mid-1980's, according to NASA, some special products sold on earth, probably pharmaceuticals and crystals for microelectronics, will bear the made-in-space label.
This type of flexibility, Mr. McKenzie said, will allow credit unions to keep afloat in an uncertain economy.
About a dozen companies appear to be candidates for bidding on the contract.
Phoenix Resources, which traded on the over-the-counter market as high as 44 1/2 shortly after announcing promising results from an Arctic oil discovery in midyear, closed on Friday at 18 3/4 bid.
''Imagine what a coup it would be if Primrose brought in Martin Bormann,'' I said.
Also a waxy coating protects adults as they feed.
Mr. Reagan's return was thus scheduled to take place on the 12th day after he was shot in the chest while leaving the Washington Hilton Hotel, where he had been making a speech.
The front is a broad-based political group aligned with the Farabundo Marti guerrillas.
That choice brings up another matter.
Nonetheless, the Israeli raid on June 7 seems to have influenced the evolving Reagan Administration policy and led to a greater emphasis on international controls in the guidelines that are expected to be made public shortly.
Dr. Shiloh said the vandals did not need tools because the loose stones could be dislodged with a strong push.
''Say what you will about 'Tess' or 'Barry Lyndon,' '' he said, ''they are all of a piece, creations of a single sensibility.''
To the Editor: Atlanta residents of all races and ages have been gripped with fear and mounting anxiety in recent months because of the disappearance of 21 black children, 20 of whom have been found dead, and because massive police investigations have been fruitless.
Most Jews would react furiously to that most un-Jewish idea.
He had been a managing director there.
I say: 'You tell me where we have a problem.'
A few days ago Mayor Jane Byrne of Chicago was saying that she didn't intend her proposed move into Chicago's crime-infested Cabrini Green housing project to appear ''dramatic.''
''I felt there was a need,'' he explained.
DINING - The food at the big resorts is generally good, varying from the merely hearty and wholesome to the exotic, but anyone who enjoys varied meal settings had better be careful about lodging arrangments, since most hotels operate on the modified American plan, meaning that rates include breakfast and dinner.
It appears that those who wish to survive should definitely take up gardening.
Comments about his age have evaporated.
COFFEY, Gerland, 42, Leavenworth, Kan. COFFEY, Pamela, 11, Leavenworth, Kan. COTTINGHAM, James, 46, Kansas City, Mo.
TRADE Trade paperbacks are softcover books usually sold in bookstores and at an average price higher than mass-market paperbacks.
Although the third group was finally admitted on humanitarian grounds - to visit their relatives - Israel's immigration authorities were ordered not to allow any more Black Hebrews into the country.
Some flea markets impose a parking fee or an admission charge for the privilege of shopping.
And the role of Pete, the undercover ''snitch,'' is handled by Paul Sorvino with just the right mixture of fear and bravado.
You can see on it the prows of Columbus's ships.
According to court testimony, the now defunct unit, known as the Red Squad, conducted illegal operations against hundreds of political, civil rights and civic organizations and individuals that had opposed the Vietnam War or criticized the policies of the late Mayor Richard J. Daley of Chicago and the police department.
He had already received two warnings and was thrown out for the night.
They have no right or wrong answers but instead show that ''in the business world you are dealing with people of many different values.''
According to the F.B.I., for example, even its own telephones are subject to eavesdropping by Soviet agents.
''It's different from living in a fraternity house as I did in college,'' he said, ''with beer cans all over the place and the stereo blasting.
But when the point was made that his bureaucratic rivals might be fighting on the housing issue not only to preserve powers accumulated during the apartheid era but also because they see the concession of secure tenure as a prelude to political rights for blacks, Mr. Rive replied: ''What's wrong with that?''
The victory was the first on the road in seven games for the Flyers (12-9-1).
Thus began what has become a sizable new industry in this small, northwestern Connecticut town.
He is a skillful monologuist.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Although some pension and profit-sharing trusts handle their own investments, the majority buy into real estate through insurance companies, commercial bank trust departments, or Wall Street concerns.
Investigators are focusing on Turkish communities in Western Europe and ''idealist associations'' maintained among them by National Action Party sympathizers who are said to finance their activities partly by smuggling weapons and drugs.
I've been living with it my whole life.''
The earthquake struck the province of Kerman just before 9 P.M. Tuesday.
As for pay, the average hourly wage for women employed full time is 2.07, compared with 2.88 for men (in terms of the current muchweakened pound, this is $3.93 and $5.47).
Maxwell, who took control for the Celtics offensively after the third game, scored 19 points tonight, hitting 7 of 11 shots from the field, and had six assists.
Ultralight builders are experimenting with a variety of other engines, including some made for chain saws and snowmobiles.
If Cliff was stepping out, Bill would naturally move up.
''There doesn't seem to be any limit to the kinds of books that cooks are interested in,'' said Kate Siegel Bandos, Pelican's marketing director.
The island's airport was reopened for limited service about 4 P.M. Sunday with flights to Hyannis and Cape Cod, but officials said they did not know how many people had left the island.
No Women on Force Now Under the agreement, the state police force will place a special emphasis on recruiting women as state troopers.
Ban on Use of Facilities Under the new rules, the special caucuses are banned from using public funds and facilities if they also receive contributions from lobbyists or other outside interests.
''We're in the same boat as the customer,'' a spokesman said.
Rates are before any surcharges on loans to large banks that are frequent borrowers.Salomon Brothers estimates for bellwether issues
''Some people with profits from issues bought earlier in the month wanted to record those gains in 1981, not 1980,'' he explained.
He is the c andidate of the Institutional Revolutionary Party, which never l oses in the unusual one-plus-fringes party system here.
VIVIENNE The Life and Suicide of an Adolescent Girl.
For obvious reasons, she overlooks the author's astonishing stage directions, such as the final image: ''As the castle burns, the bud on the roof bursts open into a giant chrysanthemum.''
He told Mrs. Blackwell, ''I know I'm scared cause food stamps and welfare is all I got to depend on, that and the Lord.''
The man who was charged, James Lawson, 28, was apparently not the one who actually did the shooting.
Bruce Forbes performed the ceremony, which was followed by a reception at the River Club.
The closeness of the House vote indicated that the Democrats lacked the two-thirds majority to override a veto.
So such things had to be looked through, not at, in order to sense the singers or the music.
After a counter-seasonal dip last week, gasoline stocks inched to 237.9 million, up 188,000 barrels.
The music sounds pleasantly quaint now, something like a 1930's movie about space travel.
Blocking adjustments by providing weak sectors with financial aid or protection against imports ''risks converting a recession into a crisis,'' the report said.
There will also be music played amid the grandeur of Coe Hall, the 75-room 1920's Tudor manor house of Planting Fields.
9 THE VIEW FROM DEACON HILL.
I began to read and really understand American history, to go beyond the myths I'd accepted without examination - Lincoln's role as the 'great emancipator,' for one.
In 1959 Mr. Cutrer ran unopposed, and in 1961 he defeated Louie Welch by 7,000 votes in a runoff election.
Mr. Casey's law firm, Rogers & Wells, registered as an agent for the Indonesian government in 1977, but Mr. Casey did not.
Have you seen that new one -17 years old - Darci Kistler with the New York City Ballet?
More Equipment Planned Admiral Hayward said that more portable equipment to detect drug traces in the urine of suspected users would be bought and more dogs would be trained to sniff out drugs.
''And don't forget, to quit now is a real statement of principle.
Although an increase of only 30 million tons in wheat production - a mere 1.5 percent of the world total - could greatly reduce undernourishment of the 460 million people suffering from hunger, introducing that amount into world markets would have little effect, according to a computer simulation.
The outcome of a vote by shareholders on the Penn Central Corporation's $1.4 billion bid to acquire Colt Industries will not be announced until tomorrow at the earliest, the chairman of Penn Central said.
Some came with clear conviction and some came with confusion.
While the plan to go private was on the table, Mr. Stanfill met with Mr. Siegel of Chris-Craft for the first time since the latter began buying Fox shares three years ago.
GEORGIA Democrats - Barnard, yes; Brinkley, yes; Evans, yes; Fowler, yes; Gingrich, no; Ginn, yes; Hatcher, yes; Jenkins, yes; Levitas, yes; McDonald, no; HAWAII Democrats - Akaka, yes; Heftel, yes.
Certainly the goal of the legislation has been realized.''
Holmes fought Muhammad Ali Oct. 2 but until this week, Mr. Spaziani said, had not again heard from the investigators.
They will be dressed in period costumes and play rare, early instruments.
After the game, the coach told me, you can't let the crowd booing bother you.
Yet, in four years at Oklahoma, none of his 13 interceptions resulted in a score.
Members of the 19-member committee attending the hearings are, in addition to Mr. Zeferetti, Robert K. Dornan of California, Lawrence J. DeNardis of Connecticut, Tom Railsback of Illinois and Benjamin A. Gilman of New York, all Republicans.
Mr. Finn, who has a woolly dark beard, and who grew up in a ''small-minded town'' outside Boston, reads a lot when he isn't writing and enjoys eating ''almost more than anything.
Prices are at their lowest at greengrocers on Ninth Avenue between 38th and 40th Streets.
It's ''The Nutcracker'' time again in America, where Tchaikovsky's balletic fantasy has become almost as much of a holiday tradition as the Christmas tree itself.
Kevlar is a strong but light material, and Apple Line's kayak for single slalom competition, 13 feet 2 inches in length with 28-inch beam, weighs only 13 pounds.
Keep only those prescribed for a chronic or recurring ailment, such as high blood pressure or hay fever.
Swimming of Indianapolis, helps select candidates for international competition.
President Reagan's nominee as Ambassador to the Soviet Union appeared today for confirmation hearings before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, and told the panel that the gravest danger in Western Europe was uninformed opposition to nuclear defenses.
What to do with Conrail?
Tuition will be $9,000 at the university next year, Mr. Hess said, an amount beyond the capacity of many parents to raise.
The gift fund would also pay for lunch for seven at a fast-food restaurant that day.
The system had been checked, tested and completely redesigned overnight.
The heavy-lift airship is primarily for commercial use, although the military has identified its capability for unloading ships that transport a rapid-deployment force into areas without developed harbors.
Representatives of the United Jewish Appeal, the Mormon Church, the Baptist Church, the Roman Catholic Church, and the National Council of Churches testified before Mr. Diamond that they believed the Unification Church to be a religious organization.
As for its contents, the encyclopedia, which recently welcomed its fourth editor in chief, has received a highly complimentary review from Kenneth Kist@er, editor of the influential Encyclopedia Buying Guide.
Plot deeded by Uncle, George Pollock, to Cornelia Verplanck to preserve Financing for roadside historical markers started and stopped with a one-time appropriation of $10,000 by the State Legislature in 1927 as part of the state's sesquicentennial celebration.
Arizona State appealed the ruling, saying that the twice-a-week cherch program was not a league.
And its advertising in a myriad of national women's service and ''shelter'' magazines, as well as in more specialized publications always treat whole rooms rather than specific products.
Carole Anne and I had enjoyed happy hours here on previous trips and we were not disappointed on our last visit by the sandwiches and the fresh salad bar.
The latest and perhaps grandest testimony to his momentary vogue came Thursday night, with the first in a run of a conceptually clever triple bill by the Chamber Opera Theater of New York.
Assistant Commissioner Barry G. Cox said Thursday that the report did not make any charges of negligence but did recommend a change in the city's Building Code.
In the later hours when the restaurant is most uncomfortable, oddly enough, the crowd is older and more seriously and stylishly dressed.
The three hijackers have threatened to explode grenades inside the plane unless their demands are met.
The Cincinnati Reds yesterday signed Dave Concepcion, their shortstop, one of three key Cincinnati players who had threatened to choose free agency.
The repeal of martial law has not dispelled any of this cynicism.
Among other things, this means that as far as the world economy is concerned, Iran's Ayatollah or Libya's Colonel can keep their oil.
Its principal interventions over the past three decades have been to provide emergency help in the region after earthquake and hurricane disasters.
At the end of the trust period, the assets are returned to the parents and the trust is dissolved.
'THE REFUSENIKS' Based on the underground diary of Felix Kandel, a Jewish poet in the Soviet Union, ''The Refuseniks'' is described as a ''poignant comedy'' by the staff of the Greater Hartford Jewish Federation, which will sponsor a performance of the play at 7 P.M. tomorrow in Beth El Temple, 226 Albany Avenue, West Hartford.
In the days of radical anti-American sentiment in the 1970's, the association was the most visible and accessible American presence and became a target for extremists.
No one is complaining loudly, he added, since last year's sales are estimated at $300 million to $500 million.
Despite his role in helping the club, Mr. Sloane insisted that ''the club has done more for me than I've done for it.''
And there is, as well, Bette Lord, the compulsively tidy author, who for six years spent five days a week, between midnight and 5 A.M., in a tiny cream and red workroom, ripping pages from her typewriter whenever she was displeased at the content or made an error.
The second reason was simply ''unauthorized absence,'' followed by specification of when the controller had ''failed to report for your scheduled tour of duty.''
''We will stop traffickers and return them to Haiti for prosecution,'' a State Department official said.
He said that if the United States stopped buying Libyan oil, there would be ''plenty of other customers.''
To recall that campaign oratory now is to laugh - or would be if the reality were not so painful.
She said that on many Caribbean islands, there was a high intermarriage rate between whites and blacks.
Add to such beguiling cookery the sublime pastries and desserts of Dieter Schorner, and it is easy to see why Le Cirque merits an extra star, raising its rating from two to three stars.
''It's copied from the ones used in Vietnam to detect the enemy.
She must be among the most scholarly characters in fiction; talking in great swabs of lit crit, even in bed, she announces theories on everything but Hamlet's grandson being Shakespeare's grandfather.
Begin's attack was the latest development in American-Israeli relations that have been deteriorating for months over such issues as the sale of United States Awacs radar planes to Saudi Arabia and the Israeli bombings of a nuclear reactor in Iraq and of Palestinian guerrilla positions in Lebanon.
For the less-developed countries, already hard-put to pay for oil imports and their extensive borrowings, the stronger dollar is making their burden even greater.
The Administration contends that past adjustments have been ''disproportionately high.''
Charlie Bugbee, until recently the mixer at the console, shrugged his shoulders when he discussed the problem.. ''I'm a hired gun.
''We were the second-best-conditioned team in the world,'' he said, placing the Russians first.
A Mixed Blessing for Refugees This characterized China in the language of international and national refugee officials as a ''resettlement country,'' a mixed blessing from the refugees' point of view.
Quite often he is asked to observe while others make fools of themselves.
Bad luck and bad management.
We were full of aimless questions and panicky for some answers.
QUESTION: Since 1970, who were the first players chosen by the Dallas Cowboys in the N.F.L.
Sharon was raised instead by his mother, a frail but indominatable woman who, Sharon recalls, more than once wielded a broomstick against Arab marauders attempting to make off with the family's chickens.
Instead of moving him to generosity, it seemed to turn him even more defensively inward.
Nassau County is the only metropolitan county in the nation that has not abandoned its board in the wake of the Supreme Court's decision.
When the Phillips Petroleum Company set up its own insurance outfit thousands of miles away from its dusty Oklahoma home, in the pleasant, unregulated climate of Bermuda, it was seeking a tax break, O.W.
The only people who feel sillier are the people who drove back up here from New York City.''
Mr. Koch called for ''focused intervention,'' by the Federal Government to provide ''not only a 'safety net' for the very poor but also a helping hand for the working poor.''
It's been frustrating and there will be frustrating times again, but the more experience I get, the more easily I can handle it and work my way out of it.''
The deadline for orders is Sept. 3.
''We're playing without our main man,'' said Brewer, referring to Gervin, ''so the guys are looking for me to score.
''Today people can fly to the islands for a vacation.''
In the third quarter Air Florida System Inc., the parent company, reported a profit of $2.1 million, but this was buoyed by a sale of $4.8 million in tax benefits under the new tax laws.
Whites are much happier than blacks on both counts.
The 'Albany Game' Governor Carey has denied he wanted his veto overridden, most recently at a news conference on Wednesday.
Needless to say, Deng has taken over Mao's foreign policy lock, stock and barrel.
''I think for this type of thing a band is very important,'' said Mr. Sala.
''There are special moments'' for working on Sunday, Luro has said.
The Special Weapons and Tactics teams' response ''was in relation to the fact that an officer was taken hostage, but it did not require any kind of forceful action,'' he said, adding that the incident ended when two guards ''walked in and restored order.''
-The New York Mets got their longest and best pitching of the spring today from Mike Scott, the junior man in the starting rotation, who worked seven scoreless innings while the Mets were edging the Toronto Blue Jays, 2-0.
to ''consider starting over'' and establishing a new mechanism for consultation on major issues.
Staunch Position Expressed In the past, Sheik Yamani has made similar, although less forceful, statements, only to end by raising prices.
He completed only half his 20 passes - he entered the game with a completion percentage of 60.3 - and although he threw for one score, he was intercepted twice.
Certainly there was a wide range of styles within his own circle - meaning Alban Berg and Anton Webern - as well as subsequent varied uses of Serial ideas by composers as different as Dallapiccola, Stravinsky and Copland.
A rental building in Riverdale would sell for three or four times the annual rent roll, he said, but an owner can realize 20 to 30 times the rent roll by converting to cooperative ownership.
Furthermore, he said, the Far East lacks the tanneries and other facilities to make quality shoes competitive with U.S. Shoe's medium-priced range.
From 1951 to 1955, Dr. Kirkham was a senior assistant surgeon with the United States Public Health Service in Bethesda, Md.
They gained only 87 yards rushing for a 2.2-yard average, and Rob Carpenter, their bread-andbutter runner, gained only 58 yards in 23 carries.
Grease two 8 1/2 by 4 1/2 by 2 1/2 inch pans.
In private, he could be funny, earthy, forceful and direct.
Economic statistics for July, August and September are expected to show that retail sales kept ahead of inflation, that farmers and fishermen had a good season and that the tourist industry had one of its best summers.
Reservations on Third Year Some House Republicans are also withholding support from the Reagan package because of reservations about establishing the third-year cut in income tax rates so far in advance.
The officials who agreed to discuss these matters were vague about just how the Carter Administration plan for basing the MX might be changed.
The number of patients served could easily be 50,000 per year.
Rachmaninoff's ''Variations on a Theme by Corelli'' were suffused with virtuosic melancholy.
''The National Guard Armory is two blocks away.''
However, Norman Rich, a young dentist who recently moved his family into the exclusive Gates development - a short distance east of the Commons - contended that a ready market for one-acre residences exists in Woodbury.
Israeli insurance salesman Yehoshua Tal, ''a warm and kindly bear'' of a Bloom, has a daughter Gilly for Bloom's Milly.
''Actually,'' Chico Freeman noted proudly, ''Herbie Hancock, Ahmad Jamal, Andrew Hill and a lot of other musicians played with him, too.
This novel, first published in 1970 as ''Memories of a Non-Jewish Childhood,'' is a fine blend of slapstick and realism.
Commission on Transnational Corpo- rations, Intergovernmental Working Group on a Code of Conduct - 10 A.M. and 3 P.M.
On the other side of a stone wall we came to the camping area.
His company, Weider Enterprises, dominates the world of body building, despite recent competition from big retailers like Sears, Roebuck & Company and J.C. Penney.
Anne Evelyn Alderson, 26, also shot, was found dead last Oct. 15.
Of course, there would be a price - ''some reining in of what has been a hemorrhaging of risk-taking.''
If Federal appropriations to ease the distress of poor people and communities must be cut, that's all the more reason why the remaining funds should be held firmly to their purpose.
Some soundings across the Khyber Pass can disclose whether Moscow will consider a strategic retreat from a conflict that has propelled l.4 million Afghans across the mountainous border into refugee camps in Pakistan.
The hospitals were established 183 years ago to care for merchant seamen.
''You have no idea what sending on those checks means to me at this time,'' Dove wrote.
Mr. Ishihara, who is president of the Nissan Motor Company, maker of Datsun cars, apparently spoke with the support from other automakers here.
Sky Saver Fare Frontier Unfare Capitol ASAP Fare Eastern Frequent Flight Bonus Pan Am Supreme Super Saver Continental Night Coach Super Saver United SuperCoach Fare
''You give him the vocabulary and the actor gives you the language - and in broader body language.
In the Greek countryside, where today's election, the first since 1977, will be decided, voters tended to dimiss these issues as ''balcony talk'' -campaign slogans shouted to crowds from balconies above village and town squares.
The chairman, Bob Packwood, Republican of Oregon, said he would try to approve the measure and send it to the floor next week.
Company officials originally hoped they could remove the core by 1983, but have moved it back to 1985 and say it may be delayed even further.
The artist's first solo show in New York was sold out before it opened at the Mary Boone Gallery in 1979; at the time, a Schnabel could have been bought for between $2,500 and $3,000.
State and local governments generally account for at least 75 percent of all public construction expenditures.
* Thompson-McKinnon Inc. said it planned to offer up to $35 million of guaranteed subordinated debentures of its employee stock ownership trust to the public, by means of a prospectus.
Miss McCarthy believes that this assumption was undermined by Henry James, and that James's sense of the novel has dominated the general understanding of fiction from that day to this.
and then the comments and compliments on what they were wearing.
Although Gretzky won't be 21 until Jan. 26, the elusive center accumulated a record 154 points last season, including a record 109 assists.
The cheers mingled with the noise of the crowd along the adjacent midway.
Nicholas R. Salvatore, chairman of the Status and Welfare Board, an affiliate of the Connecticut Association of Secondary School Principals, said his group had sent out letters to about 700 secondary schools asking that principals and other administrators contribute from $10 to $25.
"She's on her way to doing whatever it is she's going to do.
But I thought: 'If you run harder than you have ever run, you can win.'
degree in engineering from Rutgers University and was graduated from the University of Virginia School of Law, where he was a member of the managing board of The Virginia Law Review.
This tends to focus travelers' attention on a few essentials and sparks a spontaneous sense of camaraderie with other drivers; they wave to one another at every encounter and stop to offer help whenever they come upon a halted vehicle.
The studio in Hollywood cabled asking what replacements should be sent out for the crew.
If I get a weapon to defend myself, they get me for possession of a weapon, and they know I'm going to be armed.
The Mets assigned Rajsich to their International League farm at Tidewater, Va.; the Astros sent Cfelvay to their Southern League farm at Columbus, Ga.
is Nuclear Reactor Regulation and I.N.E.L.
At 2 P.M. tomorrow, for example, listeners could be (1) hearing the end of the ''Tempest'' Sonata played by David Rubinstein in the Great Hall of the Coe house; (2) catching the beginning of the Diabelli Variations played by Michael Oelbaum in the Formal Gardens; (3) listening to poetry and the music of Beethoven recited and played on the piano by Miriam Brickman in the Banquet Hall; (4) seeing a film on Beethoven in the gymnasium, or (5) catching a breather among the flowers during an intermission at the Bea Jones Garden.
This week's sale will consist of three sessions, at 3 P.M. Thursday, 7 P.M. Friday and 7 P.M. Saturday.
The puck must have hit somebody or something, but it went in.
But the playwright unearths both the dignity and the wit of people who do their best to keep going in desperate circumstances.
''The indoor game can be the biggest vehicle for the outdoor season,'' he added.
Compromise The United States suggested that the three species be put on the banned list but that trade be permitted for those sei, fin and sperm whales caught in areas where whaling is currently allowed under another treaty, the International Whaling Convention.
And after that there will be a $1 refund offer.
He locks into the character.
As a result, very little verifiable information has emerged.
Annual dues are $17.50 in the United States and Canada for individuals.
Don R. Clay, director of the agency's toxic substance division, said that while he now hestitates to call formaldehyde a ''significant'' danger to humans, ''we certaintly have not given it a clean bill of health.''
The tax savings comes when the issuer deducts, as interest expense, the price accrual on the bond, even though the company does not actually pay any funds to investors until maturity.
As Guglielmi matured, he assimilated the attitudes of the neatly clean precisionists and absorbed the social messages of the realists and the metaphysical vision of the surrealists.
A hall must have ''good characteristic reverberation throughout the range of musical frequencies.''
Ideologies aren't necessarily transformed into art.
McGriff played nose tackle last year, but he was never comfortable there.
The theater was the first to offer director and star retrospectives (Humphrey Bogart, the Marx Brothers, W.C. Fields, Preston Sturges, Henry Fonda) and contributed to the revival of American movies that influenced an entire generation of new filmmakers.
''If the flights are there, they are going to take them.''.
Do you have any plans for next season?
* New York State Banking Department has appointed Alan R. Cohen deputy superintendent of banks and chief examiner.
(They said they could make an album for $3,000 to $3,500.
Now the only steam in railroading is used to clean the cars.
A Mirror of the Times ''It mirrors what has happened nationally,'' added Albert Shanker, president of the American Federation of Teachers.
Mr. Bodkin understands that his music is part of the decor, an important part, loud enough to attract the attention but soft enough to allow quiet conversation by loungers.
The set consists of four large screens, onto which some 600 black-and-white slides are projected at four-second intervals during the course of the dance.
Robert Pryor performed the ceremony at the Presbyterian Church in Westfield.
The feeling will be that the climate is right, the President got away with it, why can't we?''
from Harvard Law School in 1930.
In Nashville, where all public service workers are expected to be off the payroll by June 1 if Congress upholds the President's budget cuts, Patrick A. Colley, director of the city's employment and training reseouces agency, said that ''the chances of those workers finding other jobs are slim to none.''
He would have the Federal Government - yes, the Federal Government - lead us to this victory.
Not only are real estate taxes and mortgage interest on a house deductible year after year, but people who sell their homes at a profit can postpone paying tax on the gain indefinitely, as long as they purchase another home within a certain time.
Blacks in America had few heroes to look up to in the 1930's - in some parts of the United States, blacks still had to get off the streets when the sun went down - and when Joe Louis won the heavyweight championship of the world by knocking out James J. Braddock June 22, 1937, there was rejoicing.
I can remember a lot worse.
''I don't know if I'm going to be alive 20 years from now,'' to see how some of these deals work out, said 41-year-old Jerry Speyer, another office developer.
But he is silent about Vietnam's equally heartless expulsion of the primarily Chinese ''boat people'' - a policy that forced countless thousands of men, women and children out to sea in frail craft to die.
The jurors found the companies and Mr. Austin negligent.
He said that a prisoner should have one chance to appeal his conviction up through the judicial system.
''What you have in many parts of the city is a solidly black or a solidly Hispanic area surrounded completely by a white enclave.
The antennae, the Navy says, can be detected by an enemy.
commissioner, and the club owners to participate in the panel's discussions.
Pentagon sources said this could be accomplished by military training teams, involving less than 100 troops from the United States, and a command advisory group to work with the senior commanders.
Mr. Hall designed most of the ''Boheme'' costumes in the past year, but last-minute changes continued through the rehearsal period.
She was seized as she was leaving the compound to meet her sister, the diplomat said.
Mr. Carter's budget projects that, when the figures are adjusted to take account of inflation, spending for nonmilitary programs will actually decline in the next fiscal year by two-tenths of a percent.
Times of Turmoil ''Someone constructed the theory,'' he said, ''that either they were perceived or had been actually running the roadblock.''
One Man in Control Gubernatorial crowds are something new in New Jersey.
The company said the redemption would include all of its outstanding securities other than its $5.27 convertible special preference stock and its common stock.
A separate two-year, $11.9 billion authorization bill lifts prohibitions on aid to Argentina, Chile and Pakistan.
Restani, 29 years old, suffered five broken ribs, lung damage and burns about 10 P.M. when a car collided with his Jeep vehicle in a parking lot outside a night club.
He grew up on 12th Street, the cockpit of Detroit's old black ghetto and the center of the city's deadly riot in 1967, and he thought he had come a long way from there to the big brick house in northwest Detroit where he lives with his wife and two young sons.
They do not make particular sense as oceanside houses although they are open and airy, which is a start.
Mr. King recalled asking Mr. Schiff.
''Out of this association comes the same kind of social and professional connections that men in the industry have long enjoyed in their own professional groups and social clubs,'' she said.
From time to time it has been rumored that the Cardinal would be given a position in Rome to diffuse the criticism.
If civilians in the Government ''started talking to the left, we wouldn't reach the border,'' he said.
The rates for Federal funds and repurchase agreements are not identical, but usually a change in the funds rate leads traders to expect similar adjustments in other short-term instruments, including repurchase agreements.
The work of the artist, who was born in Leipzig in 1884 and died in New York in 1950, spans swift-passing eras of history, and his eye reflects his forceful concept of the world around him.
A remarkable program of late-19th-and early-20th-century music, most of it well off the beaten track, was given sharp focus Wednesday by the insightful and involved playing of Martha Anne Verbit, pianist, in a recital at the Merkin Concert Hall.
Willie Wilson led off with one of his patented triples - a line drive that rocketed past Oscar Gamble in right field.
To be prepared to give up Jews who strayed from Judaism in order to secure the privilege of converting non-Jews who strayed from other religions is an exchange of dubious value and inconsistent with the Jewish heritage and tradition.
Once I found myself leaving Sydney, Australia, on a Sunday evening and arriving in New York on Tuesday, playing in New York on Tuesday afternoon, and returning to my home in Geneva on Tuesday night.
There is - there should be - the tension of a relationship almost developing and the inevitability that it will not, cannot.
Neither can get away for the night.
City employees average $100 a week.
It is a bad idea.
Many of the best hockey players in the world start competing tomorrow for national prestige and a bit of money in the second Canada Cup tournament.
But they upset Tennessee, 81-71, in the quarterfinals and routed Vanderbilt, 71-51, in the semifinals.
But the younger ones, having been sheltered from such knowledge for a quarter century, do not.
Federal District Judge Joe Eaton is scheduled to hold a hearing tomorrow on the attorneys' contention that Mr. Knight's constitutional rights were violated when the Florida Supreme Court refused yesterday to grant a stay of the March 3 execution.
Her acting could be a little much, her great sweeps with a voluminous cape sometimes reminding one less of a faithful Nurse than of the villain Rothbart in ''Swan Lake.''
''From 1943 to '48, I was a private, then a sergeant, in the Army,'' said Rosemary Corbalis, who lives in Yonkers.
According to two captured mercenaries, the soldiers of fortune entered the country masquerading as rugby players and members of a drinking club called the "Ancient Order of Foam Blowers."
''I heard God asking me, 'Why are you afraid to die?'
More recently, he has refocused his energies on taking photographs, using his results in the ''Photems'' series and, surprisingly, presenting them in ''Rauschenberg Photographs'' as unaltered and unassuming black-and-white pictures.
They blame the military for most of the deaths.
In 1976, however, Mr. Murphy became artistic director, with Janet Vernon as his assistant.
''The reason Naumbrugs are superior competitions,'' says Mr. Mann, ''is that we recognize their fallibility.''
Outside California, only The New York Times signed on in 1973 as a major customer for the Phonemaster, Mr. Feiner said.
''It's the way it's always been done, it permeates the business and it's a comfortable approach because it's familiar,'' said Amil Gargano, president of Ally & Gargano Inc. ''It's largely due to the fact that there's just more authority in a man's voice, and I know that sounds terribly sexist.''
Twenty-five years ago, Mr. Coleman ranked as one of America's most promising songwriters.
Ballesteros soon will return to Europe, but he'll be back for the Professional Golfers Association championship at the Atlanta Athletic Club in August.
Governor Carey's transit panel recommended last week that if the fare was increased to 75 cents, it should be held there for the next two years.
Is he on any I-V's, any painkillers?
When they did not he finally issued an order forbidding closure of the schools before the end of their term.
The basic tuition of $4,340 will increase to $5,000 next school year.
(One of the ship's anchors can be seen at the visitor center in the nearby town of Port Campbell.)
There were gains of 10,000 in electrical and electronic equipment, 4,000 in nonelectrical machinery and 3,000 each for fabricated metal products and scientific instruments.
- SkipDillard poured in 30 points to lead DePaul to a 69-58 victory over Detroit tonight.
The prospective purchaser will have to decide whether to buy a battery-powered model or one powered by house current.
Assuming they are reelected next year, it is likely that the field of potential Democratic candidates for Speaker would include Representatives John G. Groppo of Winsted, who is the majority leader; Robert F. Frankel of Stratford, the Deputy Speaker, and Timothy J. Moynihan of East Hartford, the deputy majority leader.
Tickets for the game, at Veterans Stadium in Philadelphia, are selling slowly; the two academies were forced to delay the game a week past the traditional Saturday-after-Thanksgiving and postpone the kickoff until 3:50 p.m. to insure network-television coverage.
In other words, the possibility of some limitations on television's endless ploys to boost ratings is not absolutely out of the question.
China is working out a detailed development plan for the next decade that requires lower investment, aims at improving living standards and does not attempt ''a growth rate that cannot last,'' a leading planner said today.
Though the carved doorways and windows hint at past grandeur, the small scale of the towns with their fortified harbors reminded us that these were distant outposts of an empire built on the sea.
''Faster, faster,'' says her husband, but the music has stopped.
If all goes as planned, the endowment will be financed by taking a quarter of the 14 acres donated by Aetna's subsidiary and selling it to a developer.
And what do his old friends in Detroit, at the auto companies or at some of the executive dining or drinking spots, say to him when they see him?
The exhitibition will run through September.
It brought the current-account balance for 1980 to a deficit of $10.83 billion, up from an $8.64 billion gap in 1979.
It used to be tucked away in the corner like an insignificant object.''
Imagine a novelist today trying to cope with Marley's ghost.
She sits there all day long, from morning till evening, stopping only for brief moments during the day.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the Fort Myers-Cape Coral area grew 94.2 percent in the last decade, making it the fastest-growing metropolitan area in the nation.
Combine garlic and ginger with soy sauce, sherry, hot pepper and water and bring to a boil in a heavy pot, large enough to hold the chicken.
There is also the opportunity that others talk about: to apply for the National Basketball Association draft before April 25.
For the first time since New York City's long-term credit dried up in 1975, a major securities rating service said yesterday that the city's bonds were a reasonably good investment risk.
When the hospital announced favorable signs, the press translated that as ''nothing short of a miracle.''
''The pool,'' Miller said, ''is a myth.''
But we are so privileged to have them that the exception is willingly made.
Police Commissioner Robert J. McGuire and Philip Caruso, president of the Patrolman's Benevolent Association, also were at the hospital.
Garner drove in the first of two runs in the second inning by hitting into a force play that scored Bill Madlock.
And, she added, there can be emotional involvement.
Cominco, which had gained valuable Arctic experience at its Black Angel lead, zinc and silver mine in western Greenland, moved ahead quickly with Bechtel Canada Ltd. as general contractor.
NEW LOOK If there ever was a Renaissance artist, it would have to be Gordon Parks, the photographer (for Life magazine, among others) who in his time has also composed music, written novels and painted.
Barrymore tried to repeat this duet but discovered the cat ''was more of a rat-hunter than a Shakespearean actor.''
It is by no means the largest thing of its kind that we have seen.
A large number of officers and families already live in the Montclair-Bloomfield-Verona area in Salvation Army-owned houses.
The work promises to be challenging.
The former owners are in Miami, their 3,700-acre estate having been expropriated by order of the military-civilian junta which is trying to stop revolution with reform.
On the Korean Peninsula, only a fragile truce persists, nearly 30 years after the formal cessation of Korean hostilities.
Pressure will increase for better wages to meet the already escalating cost of living.
The Ivy schools are Brown, Columbia, Cornell, Dartmouth, Harvard, Pennsylvania, Princeton and Yale.
Mr. Cohen and others agreed, however, that the United States, with its vast reserves and surplus capacity, would still be the source to which the the Europeans and Japanese will have to turn.
''But I brought many things from my grandmother's house in northern Michigan,'' said Miss Michels, who is shown in the snapshot above with her mother and grandmother, who were portrayed, respectively, by Zanne Foster and Esther Jenkins, top, in the play.
One California official said he understood that Secretary Watt was likely to announce a decision on the sale of the offshore leases at tomorrow's news conference.
The average figure for the other 16 member countries was 0.47 percent.
... What do I care about two leases?
It didn't help matters when Petunia returned to my chair, buried her head under a cushion, and twitched her tail menacingly for the rest of the evening.
Energy Decontrol of all oil prices is imminent, according to David A. Stockman, the Federal Budget Director-designate.
This was a thick vegetable soup that unfortunately had a washed-out flavor, as though it had been reheated too many times.
If the herb is unclipped and allowed to bloom, pale lilac flowers will attract honeybees in June.
Among them were Mohammed Kachu, warden of Evin Prison, who was shot to death by a dismissed guard on Monday, and Assadollah Lajverdi, Teheran's revolutionary prosecutor.
Conversatio ns with teachers and principals indicate that a likely factor in the improvement was the emphasis on test-taking skills.
This was no easy task.
Who were the seven others, what were their nicknames and what happened to them?
Mr. Rice maintains that by assigning a lower priority to local programming, public television stations could focus more of their resources and attention on improving the quality and diversity of national programs.
He charges that the result of the Kean plan will be higher property taxes as local governments struggle to make up for a loss in aid from the state and Federal Governments.
''But we cannot balance the budget through the gimmicks of the past, such as restricting out-of-state travel and limiting the use of state cars,'' he added.
A scout passed behind Brandt, whose organization is credited with beginning computerized analyses of players.
Her father is editor in chief and chairman of Forbes magazine, founded by her grandfather, the late B.C.
It was Perry's 290th victory.
The Lilly Endowment of Indianapolis, long a benefactor of its home town and several causes, has announced a most unusual civic gift: $25 million to help build a $65 million, 60,000-seat stadium - complete with dome.
''They can't deal with a black person who is highly educated,'' she said, ''but the shoe's on the other foot now.
Another classmate was William H. Rehnquist.
(In one heavy reg-producing department, Labor, implementation might wait in any case.
Ashland Oil Inc., the nation's largest independent oil refiner, has named John R. Hall, 48, chairman and chief executive officer.
Dr. Ilchman, a former Assistant Secretary of State for Educational and Cultural Affairs under President Jimmy Carter, was sharply critical of the Reagan Administration's ''dramatic reduction in Federal Government support for international education and cultural exchanges, for basic research and for student financial assistance.''
The most recent survey estimated that blacks already own about 235,000 sets.
The suit was settled last week, days after Governor O'Neill approved regulations, proposed by the D.E.P, in January, that designate the nine-mile stretch between the junctions of routes 7 and 4 in Cornwall Bridge and Routes 7 and 112 in the Lime Rock section of Salisbury a trout management area.
An institute-funded laetrile study, for example, has just been completed, showing no benefit from the much-criticized ''alternative remedy.''
My sons have vigorously applied themselves to gainful employment along with higher education and perhaps this pattern has strengthened our character.
But John Tate might not be a fool.
There is no admission charge (but the parking fee is $5) and the toetapping proceedings should continue at least until 5 P.M.
''I think it's pretty obvious that oil companies ought to stick to producing oil,'' Senator Howard M. Metzenbaum, Democrat of Ohio, said yesterday in a telephone interview.
Bridgeport officials say they will use the money to buy Christmas toys for needy children.
A MAN in baggy pants and shirt and an exhausted felt hat shuffles through a softshoe number, unaware of the world around him.
Self-interest aside, we might recall Pope John Paul II's warning to the rich nations of their responsibilities to those truly in need.
NBC again trailed its rivals.
Industrial safety statistics are not kept, but hundreds are severely injured or killed in construction accidents each year.
26, designed by Carrere & Hastings and erected in 1922, its tower designed to harmonize with the roofscape around it.
She went on to star on Broadway and in such classic films as ''White Christmas'' with Bing Crosby and ''On the Town'' with Mr. Kelly and Frank Sinatra.
All three were shot by gunmen as they were having dinner in a hotel restaurant in San Salvador.
Three groups had joined Mr. Sperduto in arguing against the atlarge system: the New York Civil Liberties Union, the New York State Black and Puerto Rican Legislative Caucus and the Puerto Rican Legal Defense and Education Fund.
The sagging farm economy, burdened for the last two years by curtailed grain shipments, a drought, high interest rates and bumper crops, may be facing even harder times as a result of President Reagan's new economic sanctions against the Soviet Union.
In the Oregon case, a group of jailhouse matrons charged not only that they were paid less than the male guards, which might have been justified because of differences in the work performed.
Perhaps the key to this difference - and the key to the special quality of this exhibition - lies in Professor Eisler's observation that ''sculptors' drawings hover between reality and illusion.''
Lori sees the possible pitfalls in finding her mother; she is sensitive to her adoptive parents' discomfort at discussing her biological parents; and she hears several stories from other adoptees - people who have found their parents and been rebuffed, as well as those who have had the joyful reunions they envisioned.
In addition to Micah, President Carter quoted his high school teacher, Julia Coleman, to whom he attributed the statement: ''We must adjust to changing times and still hold to unchanging principles.''
The motive lies in the personal relationship; it is not robbery.
Thus he reaches Saudi Arabia this morning as a protector of Israel as well as a suitor for oil.
Failure and success in the Sudan depends not on man but on nature, on the presence or absence of rain.
A league spokesman said Mrs. Ellis was expected to serve in one of those two capacities for the rest of this season.
''They do good work, I don't deny that,'' Mr. Engel said as he looked down a flower-carpeted ravine to the Hudson last week.
Charges made up 19.6 percent of income, or $11 billion, up 17.8 percent from the year before.
The pattern of the Scalamandre fabric on the walls of the parlor is based on a Tiffany window from the Cotton Exchange, that in the halls is based on a Spode platter on display at the Davenport House.
In addition to football, he played baseball, basketball and tennis, and he was a wrestler.
For one thing, Yonkers patrolmen, who remained on duty while the city's police sergeants, lieutenants and captains joined the strike, agreed to protect firefighters from other towns responding to alarms under Westchester County's Mutual Aid System.
Pamela Mason, the actress and heiress to a wool-manufacturing fortune, and her son, Morgan Mason, a White House aide, have been ousted from the board of Illingworth Morris Company, Britain's largest manufacturer of wool textiles.
They also learned that a yellow Honda that police say was used as a getaway car in Tuesday's attempted robbery of an armored truck in Nyack, N.Y., was registered to her.
Aug. 7, 1982 - Thirteen-night cruise from Southampton, calling at Copenhagen, Stockholm, Helsinki, Leningrad and Fredericia.
Delay in Policy Toward Europe By all accounts, the Administration has not begun to prepare an overall plan for managing relations with the European allies.
Readers are invited to ask questions concerning any aspect of sport - statistics or strategies, rules or records.
The new figures show a decline in urban population and an increase in some rural areas.
He would, for example, hire the replacement for the acting director of sanitation, Howard Eilers, who is scheduled to retire this spring.
''Then somebody else bought it.
''We took a fantastic beating when we suggested legalization two years ago,'' said William G. Kweder, the Town Planner for West Hartford.
Mr. Ohlson's by contrast have a look of relaxation and amiability as he edges one rectangular form into harmony with another and varies the plot just enough to make us wonder how it will come out in the end.
The Mayor had specifically ruled out dealing with Mr. Badillo and Mr. Vann because of what he called their ''vicious and vile'' attacks on him.
He is waiting to be sentenced.
''This pertains to the cultivation of financial assistance for the athletic program from outside the institution, and the resultant loss of institutional control of the program,'' Mr. Duke wrote.
Col. Francisco Mora, the army officer in command of the Treasury Police, said some of the dismissed agents might be criminally prosecuted, but he would not specify the charges.
Zobeide knows she has lost.
Pretentiousness has been mixed with shoddyness until the nadir was reached in the Uris Business Building of the 1960's.
There were no existing cars or tracks, so the system could be adopted.
Why is the Parks and Recreation Department so bent against opening up to the new era in sports, recreation and health for the citizens of this city?
When the Yom Kippur War broke out, I had just adopted my daughter, Naama, then 3 months old, and was pregnant with my son, Ezer.
has outgrown Golf House, a 19-room headquarters it built in Far Hills, N.J., in 1919.
Through the final three rounds, Rossman carefully tied up Capuano and doubled up on his left jabs to keep some distance between them.
TWO ANGRY MEN Two British films directed by Tony Richardson that were pacesetters for the ''angry young man'' films will unreel today at the Thalia, West 95th Street and Broadway (222-3370).
''Now I have only one team, and that is the Cosmos,'' he said.
No relative or friend is allowed to stay at the same hotel as the players, and that includes the wife of Coach Hennes Weisweiler, and the wife and children of Peppe Pinton, the team's vice president.
But, as ''Absence of Malice'' suggests, a less flattering view may become more common.
Dr. Grant, 39, who studied at Vassar and Harvard and got her Ph.D. at Syracuse University, has called her show ''a soap opera that educates.''
And their accountants are concerned with history, not planning.''
The 1982 Dutch financing deficit could rise to about 7 percent of national income from a planned 6.5 percent, and compared with an estimated 7.5 percent to 8 percent this year, the finance ministry said today.
All three plays are economically staged.
The police later said three other people looking for mushrooms in the woods around Gingkofen, a village southwest of Straubing, found parts of the missile, confirming it had gone off in the air.
At the end of each day, they confer again, in the same spacious room.
Dr. Campbell later pronounced Norton ''neurologically O.K.''
But the best character is Mr. Weston's.
One-bedroom suites, $145 to $295; two-bedroom town-house suites, $325 to $425, and threebedroom penthouse suite, $765.
B-Includes tax credits of $47,000 for the qr and $55,000 for th C-Includes tax credits of $38,000 for the qr and $59,000 for th
It was hoped a mate would be found for a condor now in the Los Angeles Zoo, and a breeding pair for the San Diego Zoo.
He said that, in any case, National Guardsmen would not fight fires but ''supplement'' the police in clearing the way for firemen from surrounding communities to respond to Yonkers alarms.
Then I read it again and thought it was pretty grand.
Public expenditures have increased several billion dollars more than was estimated for the current year.
Hardly anybody is talking about Leonard Tose, the 65-year-old trucking tycoon, who prefers it that way.
Party Aides Offer Assurances The authorities are sensitive to any sugggestion that the party's power is on the wane.
The children greeted each new animal with wonder, and perhaps the most captivating of all was Bella, a massive black and white sow that lumbered around her pen with almost a dozen of her squealing children wiggling along behind.
A Contested Arena A second reality is that southern Africa is an increasingly contested arena in global politics.
The best man was Albert Helvestine, an uncle of the bridegroom.
''Scenes de Ballet'' implies the formal structure of a Petipa ballet that builds to a climax, and it has allusions to 19thcentury style in its focus on a ballerina with a partner surrounded by a corps.
As in most of Joyce Carol Oates's fiction, the craftsmanship of this ferocious comedy is far from polished, but there's an abundance of trenchant social and psychological observation.
The bovine growth hormone is in addition to three human pharmaceuticals already announced by the company, all of them now being tested on human subjects.
Prepare the garden by broadcasting and spading under 1.2 pounds of 5-10-10 fertilizer per 100 square feet, Add enough lime to adjust the soil pH to 6.5 to 6.8.
Flights to the Orient from both the East and West Coasts experienced no significant delays after being diverted from Canadian airspace.
Looking at the sophisticated operations of a Washington lobbying group, the American Security Council, Mr. Smith wonders whether the technology will be ''a new aid to democracy or a subtle device for political manipulation.''
Like an English Inn Run much like the individually owned inns and country hotels in England, the Wyndham is owned solely by John and Suzanne Mados, who live in their hotel and see personally to the decoration and upkeep of each of its 212 rooms.
Mike Pruitt, the fullback, ran for 98 yards and Charlie White, making his first start at halfback, gained 72.
It was the 20th anniversary of the wall that divides the city's Eastern and Western sectors.
A building designed by Stanford White served as the setting in Newport, R.@I., for a ball celebrating the 100th anniversary of an American sports competition first held in that city but later moved to another location with which it became associated.
A service will be held at 2 P.M. tomorrow at Grace-St.Luke's Episcopal Church in Memphis.
So, at 2 P.M. Saturday, Prof. John Ostrom, curator of vertebrate paleontology at the Peabody, will climb a scaffold and remove it, replacing it with what Copeland MacClintock, assistant director of the museum, termed ''a smaller and even dumber one.''
Referring to the proposal to authorize the Medicare transfer, he asked, ''If we don't do that, whence, sir, do we get the funds?''
It was estimated that about 45,000 tons of coal are needed to meet demands in the Northeast for the rest of the winter.
And her roommate, Miss U.S.A. - Kim Seelbrede of Germantown, Ohio - speaks only English.
Suddenly the puck caromed out to their blue line and gave the Canadiens' Doug Jarvis a three-line breakaway.
''Zucchini, of course,'' he said.
''Sculpture that confronts us on our way to work, or on our daily errands, is no longer the remote object belonging to the world of galleries and museums, but a special component of our daily lives.''
''We have to be on the same page,'' he says.
All of them moved a little west when Miami started getting a little crowded, then farther west when the city got more crowded, then over the levee and along the sloughs of the eastern Everglades.
And we have general studies, which is a population that's growing; our engineering school has also been growing in applications.
'Vague Verbal Discussion' Questioning Mr. Kulzer about his opinion that the companies and stocks in the mining venture were valueless, George J. Koelzer, Mr. Williams's chief attorney, asked: ''If there was some sort of vague verbal discussion that someday one of these companies might pick up some options, that wouldn't change your thinking, would it?''
Patrick Marnham was frankly skeptical when he first set out for Lourdes among a group of English pilgrims -skeptical about their piety and about the commercial exploitation he expected to find at the shrine, uneasy with their unsightly illnesses and their desperate hopes that they might be cured by the blessed French waters.
At the breaking of the Christmas wafer, many wept openly.
Wine was one of the few items to be cheaper in terms of working time.
This foreign interest in Japanese financial instruments implies that ''foreigners in general reappraised the basic strength of Japan's economy,'' the bank said.
Financing for the merger study - $125,000 -came from grants by the Exxon and Ford Foundations.
''I really got scared, but my health is very good now,'' Geoffrion said.
But both of these areas have changed drastically as a result of this new law.''
Financed by the Board of Education and a $160,000 ''magnets choo l'' Federal grant, along with a donation from the Hazen Foundation, a local philanthropic group, the Sound School began classes on Se pt.
On the outside chance that you fall into that select group of people who ''know somebody,'' and you don't have to respond to a first-day ad to find the place ''already rented three days,'' don't throw caution to the wind.
In addition, the Jonathan Government has accused South Africa of instigating the guerrilla attacks, comparing them to incursions into Mozambique and Angola.
The radar control center is in Hempstead, L.I.
''As a friend of mine said the other day, 'There's a lot of dead timber in the forest that hasn't fallen yet,' '' Mr. Spence said.
They put money in a juke box and Mario Lanza started singing 'Be My Love' at the top of his lungs.''
- On Wednesday the Treasury will auction $2.25 billion of 10-year notes due Nov. 15, 1991, with a minimum purchase of $1,000.
We don't think it's serious, but we'll have the doctor check him tomorrow in New York.''
Merrill Lynch said that a traini ng program for an account executive typ ically lasts 18 weeks and costs the firm roughly $25,000.
''You really need two people in the household: one to supervise parking of the trucks so neighbors aren't upset and one to be inside to answer questions,'' she added.
Some say the Soviet Union would like to see this initiative fail.
(I knew I wasn't Josephine Baker, but I had gone to Europe, as so many other blacks at that time did, hoping to re-create her success.)
Letters for publication should include the writer's name, address and telephone number.
It will be shown on Channel 13 on Thursday at 8 P.M. Mrs. Harmetz, Mr. Leroy, Miss Hamilton, Mr. Haley and Mr. Bolger have participated in its making.
The concern has been intensified by current efforts to make buildings more energy efficient by reducing the entry of outside air.
''George doesn't keep anybody around here who's not competing.''
President Reagan declared today that his Administration would ''stiffen its spine and not throw in the towel'' on spending cuts, but he said he would defer until next year a proposal that he had made six weeks ago to reduce Federal benefit programs.
Rates May Rise in December The state regulatory agency will have 150 days to consider the request after the new rate schedules are filed.
Under the threat of legal action, the start of the world openclass boardsailing championships in St. Petersburg, Fla., was delayed for three hours last week so all 293 competitors could sign a waiver as stipulated in an agreement between Windsurfing International of Torrance, Calif., which claims patent rights for the United States, and the International Board Sailing Association, the Paris-based sponsors.
For today's Entertainment Events listing, see page C30.
Hanging around, hoping to learn, I eventually lost patience and said, ''My God, Rene!
The drama of whale-watching will unfold in a series of cruises to Baja California and Hawaii next year.
The shoddiness of this book should not obscure the fact that the Nazi treatment of homosexuals is a subject crying out for a serious exploration.
... St. Peter's College in Jersey City announced yesterday the appointment of William A. Stein as director of athletics, effective at the end of the college basketball season.
'Let My People Come' had a tremendous point,'' Mr. Oesterman said recently.
But he emphasized that he opposed sending fighter planes to Israel or any other Middle East country at this time.
Webster and Lucas could be teammates soon.
In other words, they contend, advertised procedural changes would turn out to be substantive restrictions on agency actions.
But if they are to be judged by a higher standard, asking for the postponement is out of order.
The ending account of Milhaud's ''Scaramouche Suite,'' a wild fusion of Latin American and jazz elements, was lively and fairly well played.
Sun-loosened stone and ice from the Diamond Glacier above often careen down the chute like cannonballs, giving the couloir, according to Snyder, ''a reputation for being a killer.''
A succession of studies have found that they have become so dependent on Federal aid and so impoverished by the loss of jobs and middle-class residents that they would face an extensive loss of services under the Reagan budget.
Yesterday he sharpened up his guillotine and marked more than 300 social assistance programs - including food stamps, child nutrition, welfare, housing, unemployment benefits, jobs and training, education, scientific research, Medicaid and black lung, fuel-oil subsidies, legal aid for the poor, environmental protection, disaster and flood insurance, and veterans' benefits - for cuts totaling $48.6 billion in the 1982 fiscal year.
The study cited many criticisms of the commission that have been made by both drivers and passengers, notably involving its complaint procedures.
Christie's did announce its totals, which are up slightly compared with last season, but Sotheby Parke Bernet did not issue figures.
A former Boston College basketball player and four other men were charged yesterday with conspiring to fix six basketball games during the 1978-79 season by shaving points.
And while the country is not warmongering, it does not want to have quite that message delivered.
You have to look at the impact of the bigness.''
Birdies Start to Fly Cadle started from the 10th tee.
The Senate Republican leader, Howard H. Baker Jr. of Tennessee, said at a news conference that Senator Strom Thurmond of South Carolina, chairman of the Judiciary Committee, had assured him that he was ''ready to move'' as soon as the White House formally submitted the nomination.
Obviously ''My Antonia'' might have made a fine film.
It was hot and humid, typical June weather in the wooded Main Line suburbs of Philadelphia.
Its lead story welcomed newcomers, listed activities and had an out-of-season warning that hanging bathing suits or laundry and barbecuing was forbidden on balconies.
Watching expert bridge players at work is one of the few forms of passive recreation that are absolutely free.
It is for this reason that our proposal was submitted independent of other efforts being made to reach a comprehensive solution of the Arab-Israeli conflict.
A dynamic and earthy woman, Frau Wolf is a role that seems made to order for that excellent character actress Tanya Berezin.
Each person imprisoned in one of those cells for one year will cost the state about $20,000, mostly for security and administration - not ''rehabilitation.''
She dismissed several executives and appointed her own replacements, and initiated moves to oust the company's chairman and its chief executive officer.
But he pledged that he would follow both the letter and spirit of the law requiring the corporation to do so.
Some new products introduced during the four-year Norin period, such as summer sausage and smoked beef sausage, have been withdrawn because of disappointing sales.
The Ninth Infantry Division here has plunged into what its officers call a renaissance in military thinking.
Being a man in the Pew family once meant working at Sun.
George Papadopulos, former Stark County Sheriff who was president of the National Sheriffs Association, died yesterday, apparently of a heart attack.
''We shall restore, not destroy,'' said Wilson.
Only the Dallas Mavericks, the expansion team that has 2,811 rebounds, 60 fewer than the Knicks, are worse in this category.
That is his biggest contribution to me; understanding the game and the transition from defense to attack and vice versa.
These routes, too, are vulnerable.
Iran Attacks French Move As for the original crew members on board when the hijackers took over, the French statement said, ''Those Iranian nationals desiring to return to Iran will be put in contact with the charge d'affaires of that country.''
We will deploy survivable communications that link command centers with all three legs of the triad.
I was having a conversation with a Tibetan monk.
They said Moscow reserved the right to demand compensation for some losses.
The Canadiens tied the score on second-period goals by Larry Robinson and Pierre LaRouche.
By the end of the evening, all of these aging children learn that they cannot retreat to either the family bosom or manse to relieve their pain, but instead must take charge of their own lives.
The West German Defense Minister, Hans Apel, told Mr. Weinberger today that his Government intended to increase rather than reduce military spending, as was reported earlier, according to a senior Defense Department official who sat in on their meeting.
If he really were young, this might be acceptable, but because he's attained that state of eerie agelesness, one worries about the woman's sanity instead of responding to the comic method.
But when Mr. Dole and other committee members use the term ''multi-year'' legislation, not many believe that they are talking about three years.
On the one hand, Strauss's 16 P-KB5 and 17 PxP hopes to make possible pressure against Black's K3 square, but on the other, it concedes Black's K4 square as a knight outpost.
T HE scene was one of those somnolent breakfasts for reporters and Government officials.
Today's loss dropped Gura's career record against the New Yorkers to 8-2.
Sagra Musicale Umbria Sept. 15 to 30 For the 36th Sagra Musicale Umbria, which is held in Perugia and in surrounding towns of the Umbrian region, there will be performances of ''Moses and Aron'' by Schonberg, ''Israel in Egypt'' by Handel, ''Moise et Pharaon'' by Rossini (the first Italian performance in the French edition), ''Laudes Evangelii'' by Bucchi and ''The Passion of Christ'' by Moriacchi.
Most of the Indians in the New York area, according to the Federation of Indian Associations, are people in business and the professions.
In negotiations two weeks ago with Iraqi Foreign Minister Saadun Hamadi, Mrs. Kirkpatrick drafted a resolution - accepted unanimously by the Security Council - that condemned the Israeli raid on Iraq's nuclear reactor but did not demand sanctions against Israel.
He represents the East Meadow Union Free School Board, which has demanded that the plant remain closed until the Federal Government develops a way to deal with dioxin.
The underlying message that Mr. Carey sent to the Legislature today in submitting the annual budget for approval was the same as last year's: austerity in state spending for all but the most critical government services.
To Wolfe, poverty in America seems to exist largely in the imagination of liberal intellectuals afflicted with guilt and obsessed with doom.
First, it warns President Reagan that they do not want the wholesale withdrawal of the Federal Government from domestic assistance that Mr. Reagan has been advocating and that they are especially opposed to his plan for the states to take over the full burden of welfare.
That way, you know what you have.
Last year, Snoopy was a parade dropout after shards of glass cut through the paper-thin nylon skin of his left leg.
Wheeling over the water, it began laying down fire along the rope line where the refugees were thrashing their way to safety.
And, finally, it is elegiac, for Hutch, though capable of making his bold ''high leap'' to England, cannot escape obsessive thoughts of the deaths of his parents.
''Roy Lichtenstein Graphic Work 1970-80'' displays more than 30 woodcuts, etchings, embossed print collages and lithograph screen prints, and you can catch this show through Wednesday, when it closes.
Two pools, one in the hotel La Val-d'Isere.
He represented the University of Chicago Track Club in the meet at North Central College in Naperville.
''In the past, it was a free vote to vote on the budget.
Although all her dances emphasize patterns, they are far from alike, for each has its own choreographic personality.
Clergymen are rapidly learning to accept the fallibility of the common social structure, and churches, now that church groups for singles have been formed, seem to be the best source for lower-keyed social activities.
A few years later I wouldn't touch a shop.''
Coke's move is not necessarily bad for its competitors, because the smaller companies hope that the heavy promotion of Taylor's new soft wines will increase consumer awareness of all soft wines.
If Walter Cronkite had said exactly the same thing, he'd have been a hero.
The International Harvester Company's plan to save $20 million a month on its interest payments was the focal point of controversy today as the company explained its latest survival plans to representatives of the 225 banks to which it owes $3.4 billion.
Mr. Simonds is an artist whose entire outlook has been shaped and stamped by the ethos of the counterculture that emerged in the late 60's.
The establishment of these economic issues as his priority was essential to his success.
A ''Teen Skate'' will take place from 6 to 9:30 P.M. both nights.
''I talked to my daughter three times last month,'' he said.
Mr. Brooks is managing partner of Hyatt Legal Services, a multistate law firm with headquarters in Kansas City, Mo., and vice president and treasurer of the Block Management Company, a subsidiary of H&R Block, the tax specialist concern, also in Kansas City.
But one of the officials, Charles LeDuc, said he thought it was unlikely the pedestal would actually be removed.
Asked to comment on the new study, Dr. Wagemaker said that it was inconclusive because the number of patients involved was too small.
And suddenly it's over, and you can go out and get a cheeseburger.''
To cure the prospective long-term deficit in the old-age trust fund, Senator Chiles proposed a gradual increase of the basic retirement age to 68, from 65.
Shortly after the discovery, the body of Patrick Baltazar, 11, was found behind a suburban office park north of the city.
Tarrytown Galella Barbershop, 23 Main Street.
The first shock came when my husband told his boys that he was going to marry me.
There are a great many other very interesting works in the show, too many to do more than mention a few here.
He said the photographer moved ''within three feet in front of the faces of the Vietnamese plaintiffs and began taking their pictures.''
A duke takes a wife whose way of expressing her love is to insist on opening up all the doors to his past.
George Marling, the chief of records for the intelligence agency, testified that the agency had no record of employment of Mr. Tafoya.
Since becoming chairman of the company, Mr. Smith has tried to modify the labor contract negotiated by his predecessors in September 1979.
''I don't want my boy to die,'' she said, choking with emotion.
''I'm going to play hard,'' Nelson said.
''I do a lot of running, mostly in Central Park.
Mr. Surdyka said that the increased incidence of cocaine-related deaths became pronounced about three months ago.
The Illini raised their record to 9-1 over all; Northwestern fell to 6-4.
Rather, it will lead to further escalation of that threat.
Pauline Trigere provides more diversity than usual in shapes and concepts of resort clothes, starting with short loose dresses in ombre and rainbow prints that billow and float around the body, and run through ball gowns with big puffed sleeves and a regal air.
Such review and re-evaluation can help identify the appropriate courses, classes, programs and approaches for each child.
''All of us in this industry worry about the product that is a fad,'' he said.
The fire forced the cancellation of a New Year's cruise to the Bahamas and Virgin Islands for almost 2,000 passengers.
''That's all I ever wanted to be.
The National Collegiate Athletic Association rejected the proposal of a coach being paid by a booster group, so the contract was redrawn and run through the athletic board, where the $100,000 annuity was approved, along with a new five-year coaching agreement between Bowden and the university.
Gasoline demand has been weak following sharp price increases since 1978, and analysts said the full impact of the latest wholesale price rises might not be felt immediately at filling stations.
This may be an impossible contradiction, but it happens to be the contradiction on which our social order rests.
Hogs were 0.35 cent lower to 1.48 cents higher, February 44.10 cents a pound; pork bellies were 0.32 cent lower to 0.05 cent higher, February 54.35 cents a pound; live cattle were 0.63 cent lower to 0.60 cent higher, February 62.40 cents a pound; feeders were 0.38 cent to 1.10 cents higher, March 73.05 cents a pound.
Georgia - meets in January for 40 legislative days.
Part of changing the room's proportions included the rebuilding of the wall above the fireplace and the removal of the antique wood mantel.
''It can't be done overnight,'' he said.
''I remember years ago,'' Mrs. Bovell said, ''I was a nurse's aide in an old folks home, and I'd say, will I ever get as old as these people?
Mr. Manatt said such action should not be taken against a Democrat who ''votes his conscience'' and the wishes of his district back home.
If the harpsichord is still the instrument of preference for a full realization of Bach's keyboard music as he conceived it, performances on the piano can still provide stimulating results in the hands of a sensitive, thoughtful musician.
The referendum will go for naught unless we get rid of the Parti Quebecois."
''However, because no official agreement has taken place so far and the definite answer of Iran has not been handed over to the Algerian Government, while the report concerning the release of the hostages next Friday is denied, it should be noted that the failure to reach agreement on some of the conditions may virtually cause a postponement of the release.
The public's fascination with skating is not confined to competitions or exhibitions.
For assistance in planning an observance in your area, write National Hunting and Fishing Day, 1075 Post Road, Riverside, Conn. 06878.
Until recently, Richard V. Allen was one of the White House's invisible men, but now he has been thrust into the spotlight as coordinator of the drive to win support for one of President Reagan's plans.
Marvin Powell, an all-pro, is the right tackle, and Joe Fields will be the center, going against the Dolphins' top sack-producer, Bob Baumhower, the nose tackle.
But with the inclusion of $164,000 in earnings from discontinued operations, Dayton-Hudson had a net of $32.1 million, or 67 cents a share, against $33.6 million, or 70 cents a share, last year.
Coincident with the rising non-Catholic school enrollment has been an increasing switch to more tuition-based means of paying school costs.
The roadblock was manned by combined Palestinian and Lebanese leftist forces.
Its special telephone - an undercover line disguised as a private number - rings often with calls from small-time gun peddlers.
In New Orleans, Tim Zufle, president of Solutions Inc., a security company, said that the demand for bullet-resistant leather vests zoomed after the shooting of Mr. Lennon, not only from rock and country-Western musicians but also from local businessmen, many of whom, he says, have also been good customers for bullet-resistant black umbrellas that he sells for $900 each.
The crop was only 25 percent of an average size and was the smallest in 25 years.
The whole thing began more than two years ago, when Mr. Kaczmarzyk and Mr. Gildav, in separate searches for rent-free spaces, stumbled simultaneously on the empty Municipal Garage windows.
Meanwhile, on the smaller scale to which his painting is now confined, he remains a remarkable artist who can already boast of a distinctive achievement.
Bans on certain uses of air-conditioning and enforced reductions in water pressure have been considered, but are believed to be unlikely now.
Moreover, Sergeant Martinez conceded that, in at least two jailhouse interviews with the suspect, he failed to advise Mr. Tafoya of his rights.
If the defense that ''I was following orders for the sake of my country'' applies to Felt and Miller, why did it not apply to Adolf Eichmann?
They entered the building through a back entrance, avoiding a huge press contingent.
How do you feel about the prospect of getting more naval work?
Loss of Momentum Seen The Common Market nations agreed to attempt their own separate Middle East peace initiative last year because they felt that the momentum for an overall settlement created by the Camp David agreements was beginning to flag.
Local officials and police officers were said to be encouraged by the immediately successful efforts of the F.B.I.
He said that there were similar major declines in firearm crimes and other crimes ''in most of the major Northeastern Seaboard cities, even those without gun control laws.''
The reduction will be achieved, they said, by recalling an armored division headquarters and its signals regiment and by cutting defense personnel in various army headquarters in West Germany.
The avenue's storefronts north of here assume an increasingly Hispanic cast, studded with such architectural anomalies, in this ordinary panorama, as the Upper Manhattan Medical Group at 152d Street, a modern, low-lying but expansive red-brick affair, offset by white framing, with a charming open court inside.
''We must put an end to the uncoordinated and unilateral actions that harm Lebanon,'' he went on.
Despite his important technical contributions - scraping, dabbing paint with his fingers and using white chalk - the young Turner of the exhibition watercolor (his ''Devil's Bridge,'' of 1803 to 1804, is a recent discovery) is no match for the mature artist of the 1820's on.
''You would also have to allocate deductions and exemptions over the year.
''No,'' the little man said.
Mr. Dunning has some pointed, though subtle, comments about the intellectual and social arrogance of royalty - in the person of the Duke, anyway, since the Prince comes off much better.
There has been steady selling in recent weeks attributed partly to the strength of the United States dollar overseas.
Moments later, when a second wave of reporters arrives, Garcia is asked the same question by a man.
HOWARD L. LASHER, Member of Assembly, 46th District, Albany, June 10, 1981
Throw away those hair shirts.
That operation is to be completed by March 1982.
I believe it will be a wonderful mixture of ages.''
So far, the minimalists have come out on top, except for joint coastal maneuvers on Oct. 7-9 which the State Department said were part of a routine series but which Nicaragua exploited to whip up anti-American feeling.
'Inspired Substantial Research' The Nobel committee recognized the seminal character of Mr. Tobin's work in declaring that it had ''unquestionably inspired substantial research during the 1970's on the effect of monetary policy, the implications of government budget deficits and stabilization policy in general.''
The Decentralized Approach Ironically, while other German makers, like Siemens, feared to go into the United States, the birthplace of the microchip and the den of the International Business Machines Corporation, Nixdorf executives say their early entry into America sharpened their competitive edge.
'Affluent, Growing' Markets He said that population and income, as well as the ''affluent, growing nature'' of the two new markets, were behind Macy's Sun Belt expansion.
''I think it's a gift.
A list of the tapes is available at the offices of the Department of Consumer Affairs or by calling 566-0414.
The Times has done the public a disservice by stating that this diet is reasonably well-balanced.
This listing is based on computer-processed reports from 1,600 bookstores in every region of the United States.
Mr. Beetham also rejected such an accommodation, saying: ''We are not looking for a coalition.
Seasonally adjusted employment rose 22,000, to 10.78 million, while seasonally adjusted unemployment rose 3,000, to 856,000, the Government agency added.
The statements by William H. Webster, the Director of the F.B.I., and Michael Twibell, an agent, angered the local authorities and mothers of the dead children.
A few of the candidates, including Mr. Dodd, a Democrat, criticized Governor Byrne for the an unhealthy economy and for his numerous trips outside the state, ostensibly to attract new business to New Jersey.
Some of the murdered children were on errands.
Wilkes plays forward for the Lakers now but was a teammate of Beard's on the 1975 Golden State Warriors, who won the National Basketball Association championship.
Watson Trails by 5 Shots Tom Watson, the year's leading money-winner, shot another round without a bogey but could do no better than a 70 in high humidity and temperatures reaching toward the 90's.
Mr. Stavrou notes that Culbro lost $21 million in 1979 and earned $5.6 million, or $1.75 a share, in 1980.
Wall, a partner in the law firm of Magnum, Wall, Stoops and Warden.
Performances begin at 10 P.M. and tickets are $7.50; the theater's box office number is 598-7150.
Allison Widens Lead Allison made it 4-1 at 13:49 on the Rangers' second power play of the period.
The fireworks will be recreated for the Brooklyn concert.
National A major anti-trust trial was halted the day after it started.
And there is a classic example of a self-indulgent docu-concert with fantasy interludes by a popular band of the 70's, Led Zeppelin's ''The Song Remains the Same'' (1976), on July 12, as well as the Beatles' ''Let It Be'' (1970), July 10-11 - hardly the greatest Beatles film, but moving nonetheless.
''Now, because of this experience here this year,'' Nanne said quietly, ''I think we can win it next year.
Don't spend time cramming for the S.A.T.
In this world, it is rare to find people who do what you ask instantly without arguing or having to prove something.''
The poles are being installed under four contracts let by the state to the Meyer Bank Electric Company of Long Island City, the Budin Contracting Corporation of Hicksville, Hinck Electrical Contracting of West Bablyon and the TAP Electrical Contracting Service of Holbrook.
Question of Dismantling Dr. Edwards, who a few weeks ago had agreed with Mr. Reagan's pledge to dismantle the Department of Energy and said he would like to work himself out of his job as Energy Secretary, said today he and others were ''rethinking'' this idea.
6, where he had to chip out from the trees.
Because of the potential health hazards of a highsalt diet, including a link to high blood pressure, several members of Congress want food processors to state salt content on their labels.
Along with some other critics, Standard also charges that Hongkong and Shanghai draws unfair advantage from its position as the de facto central bank of the crown colony of Hong Kong.
When the proposal was heard by the House subcommittee last month, the panel's chairman, Representative Gerry E. Studds, a Massachusetts Democrat whose district includes Cape Cod, fumed, ''This legislation is irresponsible, ill-conceived and unsound public policy.''
''I knew it would be that way.
By 1223, the order became more formally structured, and the vow of absolute poverty was dropped.
The portion of the film that introduces Roberto to Sharon, played sweetly by Linda Gillin, who can't help but take him home after he falls asleep in the luncheonette at which she works, is its most delicate passage.
They could just as easily go to Freeport, L.I., or Cape May or Block Island.''
Catalogues are not mailed out.
would have to approve a 12th game for the two teams involved because current rules limit a team to 11 regular-season games plus a post-season bowl game.
''Mind you, Margaret's not everyone's favorite Royal.
''People moving out to this area had better be advised to be interested in horses, even if it's a pony for one of the kids,'' said a real estate agent in Far Hills who requested anonymity.
General Motors ($15.72 billion), Texaco ($15.45 billion), Standard Oil of California ($12 billion) and Ford ($9.32 billion) round out the half-dozen largest industrials.
But we hurried at Argentat to assemble our kayak because it was late afternoon and we had to find a place to stay for the night.
Luckily the apartment had ceilings high enough so that the loft could be about five feet tall, leaving eight feet - the minimum height required by the Fire Department - for the kitchen.
For generations this was a town that Centralians loved.
Mr. Smith recalled the history of the Teapot Dome scandal in the 1920's, the Watergate scandals and the Billy Carter case.
Karen S. Burstein Public Service Commissioner, former New York State Senator When I was an elected public official, the day loomed large on my calendar because it was a time for parades and celebrations.
If the defense uses three linemen and four linebackers, Johnson will line up farther back than when there are four linemen and three linebackers.
That ''float,'' according to Ralph C. Batastini, Greyhound president and chief financial officer, amounts to about $100 million at any one time.
F IRST, there will be the toss of the first boomerang, then (after the boomerang returns) the United States will field its first international challenge boomerang team, to meet the Australians.
The last two are the most important.
Most of the Abwehr agents were German businessmen, though some were Brazilian-born, sent from Germany or recruited locally; only a few were intelligence professionals or military attaches.
Those conducting the survey noted that company departures in recent years had ''not approximated 30 to 40 percent, but this measurement of intention is important as a measurement of dissatisfaction.''
The big names are leaving.
''I told him, 'Nothing's changed.
Mr. Johnson, a native of Chicago, came to New York City in the 1920's.
Rather, this season - just concluded at the Metropolitan Opera House - marked a watershed in the company's relation to its New York public.
Among the loneliest people in this diminutive coastal state are its consumer activists, people like Ted Keller, who seems to feel at times as if he were trying to hold back a tidal wave.
Sales at General Motors were up 6 percent in the period, on sales of 94,505 cars this year, compared with 89,134 cars last year.
In the first months of the Reagan Administration, the headlines, the limelight and the cover stories have focused on the President, Secretary of State Haig and David Stockman, the Administration's budget director.
Arguello, 135, dropped him earlier in the round with a right to the chin.
It is love of form and decoration that fills the pages of ON MARKET STREET by Arnold Lobel, illustrated by Anita Lobel (Greenwillow, $8.95).
Like the Yeats papers, the Javits collection will be available to scholars, but not, it turns out, right away.
''It has exceeded my expectations,'' he said.
It was there that Katharine Hepburn and Robert Montgomery got their first professional stage roles.
The amount represented $30,000 in alleged kickbacks that he had confessed sharing with Mr. Agnew and $22,455 in interest.
He had the foresight to chop off the first movement.
With the lure of television and the lack of training in how to distill meaning from the printed page, fewer junior high and high school students ''get any real pleasure out of reading on their own.''
''Any such action would also be, in my opinion, an unacceptable sacrifice of educational quality in the interest of shortterm revenue.''
The bride, daughter of the late Theodore Arthur Garner, was adopted by Mr. Farkas, who is chairman of Alexander's Inc., the departmentstore chain founded in 1928 by his father, the late George Farkas.
Heat the oil to 375 degrees.
The means used are simpler, but the remnants of the Stupas and spires achieve their effect in a setting of rice and sugar-cane fields against a backdrop of teak forests leading up to the mountains on the horizon.
In short, the show gives bad taste a new dimension.
Mr. Harkin met today with Secretary of Agriculture John Block, who urged swift action on the President's proposal.
The papal message appeared today in French on the front page of the Vatican newspaper together with the editorial, which was in Italian.
The city is an hour's drive north of Denver, and its promoters say that it is a good place to begin a tour of the high plains country of the West.
Mr. Callahan declined to return a reporter's phone call, but his attorney read a statement in which the Boston-based accountant denied ever having ''any involvement whatsoever with organized crime.''
Space shuttle Columbia's second trip into orbit has been rescheduled for 7:30 A.M. Thursday.
NEW HAVEN is a relatively easy commuting ride to New York - a daily hour and a half by train for many executives and professionals.
It is by Mike Litwinand and is to be published later this month.
The hit of the evening was one of the gifts, a white knitted Cleopatra wig hat that Miss Goodman would not take off her head.
Wanting to cure him, Julie tricks Koup into climbing inside her plane's cockpit.
That is why you should fill the nail holes.
Pakistan Is Uneasy About Russians One problem that has arisen, officials said, is Pakistan's unhappiness with comments made recently by President Reagan and a White House aide, Richard E. Pipes, suggesting that Pakistan could be used as a funnel for arms to Afghan insurgents.
Planners still look to using more coal in power generation, with strip-mined lignite and other low-grade coals being burned in huge electric stations next to mines in distant eastern regions.
The cruises, which end on Oct. 31, are on six barges that go to the Loire Valley, Burgundy, Cognac and other regions.
''While you were going under, Granny got in at $100, got out at $450,'' read a Wall Street Journal headline in December 1971, contrasting that year's stock market with the suddenly prospering plate-collecting market.
''If you're going to beat him, it's got to be done on physical moves, either out-quick him or out-power him.
It expects to enlarge its payroll by 750 to 800 people when work on the B-1 peaks in 1984, company officials say.
Since the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries turned the world upside down in 1973, few Americans would disagree.
''He has to keep up that expensive house in Scarsdale.
He would begin his five-year term Jan. 1.
Look, look at the world around us: suspicion again, violence everywhere, hatred everywhere, organized state-sponsored terror, racism, fascism, fanatcisim, anti-Semitism.
The Nassau jail reportedly had 630 inmates, but spaces for only 618.
He faces a maximum of life in prison (B3:5-6)
Should we, therefore, not negotiate?
This budget includes an increase of $1.2 billion in 1982 and an additional increase of $0.8 billion in 1983 for the youth initiative I proposed last year.
However, a national security briefing scheduled for today was canceled.
As the business prospered, its stocks were augmented by ''misfits'' (Saville Row suits ordered by customers who could not pay for them) and the wardrobes of deceased or distressed gentlemen bought at auction.
A ''bulk loan commitment'' will be obtained to assure qualified buyers 75 percent loans at a market interest rate.
Urging the scrapping of at least 100 of the world's 800 supertankers, Roy L. Nersesian, of Poten & Partners, reported to a tanker industry gathering last month: ''Many of the profitable medium-term charters arranged in 1972 and 1973 have already expired; tanker owners' overall revenue has declined as a greater portion of their fleets has moved into the spot market.''
''I felt, he's my mother's husband, but he's not going to assume a father role,'' recalled Ann Burnett, a 38-year-old elementary school teacher from Gig Harbor, Wash., of her reaction to her mother's first remarriage.
''Their costs are decontrolled - oil, maintenance and labor - but their income is regulated.''
Insurance companies have 30 days to file exceptions to the order, and Mr. Sheeran has 15 days to act on them.
As improved as the Knicks are, their record against the six teams above or with them in season percentage is 6-12 - 2-2 with Philadelphia, 2-2 with Milwaukee, 1-1 with Phoenix, 1-3 with Boston, 0-2 with both the Lakers and San Antonio.
This is due to the exploitative nature of ''free'' international trade that links the developing and developed nations.
''THE PANTHER'' is an amalgam of a score by Philip Glass and a play by Manuel Lutgenhorst, who is also responsible for the evening's design and direction.
The three walkways at the Kansas City Hyatt Regency consisted of two 16-inch steel I-beams cradled in doorways on opposites sides of the atrium, placed two, three and four stories above the lobby.
The Philadelphia Pioneers finished second in both races.
Southerners in 'Power Game' Kentucky was represented by state legislators and members of the staff of Gov.
School buildings should be open between 3-10 P.M. every day for after-school activities, adult education and social service programs.
''What could be more American?''
Hours of behind-the-scenes practice, polishing and planning go into it.
''Toward the end of law school, I had a love affair with the law,'' he said.
What action did the City Bar Association take this week on the issue of mandatory ''pro bono publico'' work by lawyers, which is being debated by the legal profession nationwide?
Morton hit Watson in the end zone with 8:32 remaining for a 19-3 lead.
It was idealistic and, often as not, inclined to the left rather than the right; Wagner fought as a socialist on the barricades in Dresden during the failed revolution of 1848, after all, and Marx owed much to this kind of Romantic political thought.
Hugh Morton, a friend, said blindness had forced Mr. Hemmer to give up photography in 1970.
Yet Mr. South clearly has talent.
Imports, meanwhile, fell a sharp 23.8 percent from a year earlier, to $2.91 billion, the Finance Ministry said.
By his actions and statements, Carter made it clear to Iran and the rest of the world that the lives of the hostages were his first order of priority.
The danger is that men who perform acts of sexuality not for the pleasure of contact but to express anger, vengeance, rebellion or to dispel feelings of inadequacy may also read ''The Hite Report on Male Sexuality'' as a justification.
Thus, according to Dr. Westing's equations of exponential growth, from two Homo sapiens in 298000 B.C.
Directors' Insurance Chief executives are most often sought as new recuits to boards.
Having experienced the malignant transformation of a republic (Weimar) into the Natio nal Socialist monstrosity, they sensed the Na zi potential everywhere and lived in half- or fully conscious hor ror of a repetition, as though Nazism, once invented, were subject to eternal recurrence.
What do we owe the Saudis?
Robert Martin of the West bureau of Crash estimates that there are about five Hollywood gangs with up to 500 members between 14 and 20 years old.
The management of International Banknote declined to be interviewed.
It's not intended to be a gimmick.
There cannot be a committee of outsiders, like the new elite transit monitors, for every difficult issue.
They are ever at risk, and it is that quality of committed daring that separates them from the hacks.
It's harmless but it's lazy.
It left unchanged its plan to swap $85 in Mobil securities for each of the remaining shares of Conoco's stock.
; 44 RxR (44 QxR, R-R7ch; 45 K-N1, B-Q5ch; 46 R-K3, BxRch; 47 QxB, R-R8ch!
Perhaps the most prominent among them is Henry Kaufman, Salomon Brothers's chief economist and general partner, who has had no peer in his ability to send the stock or bond markets into a tailspin with just a few approximately gloomly words.
operations were passed down through the Army hierarchy, originating with the Joint Chiefs of Staff in Washington.
Judging from the subsequent turn of events, millions must have been vengefully laying for their tormentors.
Serve with the hot whole steamed eggplants.
Barbara and I have been married for 27 years and we lived in the same house for 21 years.
Mr. Shingle then turned the gun on himself, the police said.
A visiting seer is struck by his diligence and prowess and gives him a letter that will admit him to any yeshiva.
He said that his organization's military arm, the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Nicaragua, included many former Sandinist rebels, "even some trained in Cuba," and already had guerrilla units operating inside Nicaragua.
A fire truck sprayed water on the car, cooling it and keeping the internal vapors at a minimum.
What effect on rates will Lilco's investment in the virtually bankrupt New Mexico uranium mining venture have?
And as royalties proliferate, it has become standard practice for the creative person -or his agent - to try to widen the gap between his royalty and others'.
The Angels won one and lost two.
An awesome weapon, public relations.
He said that ''people were threatening lawsuits.''
This relationship is reversed later when Lila York is the stately center with Mr. Kahn revolving around her.
It was agreed, she said, that there should be no language in the resolution calling for an arms embargo, as the Iraqis had originally said they wanted.
Some politicians think Mr. Caputo's solo status would cease should Mr. Moynihan start to look like a loser.
Although echocardiography has become available in most American hospitals, it cannot be done on all patients, particularly not among those who have lung disorders such as emphysema or certain anatomical abnormalities of the chest.
Because color was a novelty even in the late 40's, photographers felt free to use it in the most blatant, hyperbolic ways imaginable.
Environmentalists who for three years have been seeking more Federal protection for the fragile barrier islands along the Atlantic Coast have gained some unexpected support in the latest budget action by the House of Representatives.
''We had considered the money market funds before,'' said Mr. Russell.
''Two years ago, I couldn't walk into a ward and find four or five patients stark naked,'' Mr. Hansen said.
A kick is usually its determining factor.
''It's hard to enjoy your surroundings playing football.
''A beauty shop is a very revealing place, people are so candid and frank there,'' said Miss Bombeck, who has patterned her sitcom shop on the one she used to go to in Centerville, Ohio, complete with ''pink poodle wallpaper on foil.''
SOUTH WOODSTOCK COMING upon Bald Hill Restaurant in the wooded, somewhat underpopulated terrain of northeastern Connecticut is a little like stumbling upon a feast in the middle of the desert.
While working at Munich's Bayerischer Hof Hotel in 1955, he put all his savings into his first Wienerwald.
For example, the report claims that about $420 million worth of construction costs necessary for the Westway will not be eligible for Federal reimbursement, including landfill, additional access roads to the Brooklyn-Battery Tunnel and local street improvements.
The subsequent layoffs, Mr. Vitagliano insists, were made strictly by seniority.
It is a sport that takes as much money as polo and probably a great more commitment.
Because of the magnitude of the crowd, I couldn't tell them after they played out on the fourth green.
Mr. Cuomo said he last met with the Governor in late October and, before that, in mid-September, when Mr. Carey told him he would decide his own future by April.
Ringside seats would be a ''bargain'' at $600 in the parking lot at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas, Nev., ''that oasis in the desert,'' the promoter Don King had shrilled, ''that palace of hedonistic pleasure.''
''The Clowns of God,'' No.
I think most of us feel that if we play well -and we're capable of playing better than we have - we can win.
Unable to Return to Work Moreover, the union members, dismissed by the Reagan Administration, will be unable to return to work as controllers unless the White House alters its position.
It does not have any exclusivistic or antiforeign implications.''
The candidate has also been helped by the decision of the Environmental Voters Alliance to set up telephone banks in Allendale to assist in his re-election effort and to solicit support for its own objectives.
''I don't work better when I am personally happier,'' the author says, his mouth down-turned now and a little sad.
I think the reason those jurisdictions have strict laws is that they have a high crime problem; the gun laws are an effect of the crime rather than vice versa.
Corporations seeking to reduce their tax bills are rushing to meet tomorrow's deadline for completing special tax leasing deals that could cost the Treasury billions of dollars in lost revenue.
St. Anthony's touchdowns were scored by Vince Lictenberger on a 28-yard pass from Keiron Bigby and by Fred Kufner on a 6-yard run.
A. Pasteurization is a process of partial sterilization that destroys bacteria with minimal effect on the flavor of the product.
The Schumann cycle required more glimpses of flickering desire and mournful vulnerability.
For Leonore Annenberg, the location has a good deal to do with what she wears.
Where she stood had once been a slum called Black Bottom.
Lou Talamo scored on a 10-yard run in the second quarter and Brian Retko kicked the extra point in Gorton's 7-6 victory over New Rochelle.
At that tim e, Alco devised a strategic plan for health services distribution.
Skim the fat from the surface of the soup.
Yeoman, angered over the report, denied anything improper.
''We're very concerned about the infiltration of legitimate businesses by organized crime,'' said Richard T. Bretzing, who heads the criminal division in Mr. Laster's office.
However, 114 colleges still admit only women.
Some live up to their titles, like a series titled ''Shaman,'' assemblages of vertical shafts of varying widths, and a swept-back wing shape called ''Sonic Flight.''
ordered Miqueline M. Quiles, owner-trainer Jose Valentine and Mario de Gracia barred from the track grounds because of ''fraudulent ownership of horses.''
The easiest way to reach Ootacamund is to fly on Indian Airlines from Bombay to Coimbatore, the nearest airport, 53 miles away.
''We've had to spend most of our time working on doctors, nurses, dentists and the other healing professionals, and we've had to reallocate resources that might have been given to hairdressers and barbers,'' Mr. Baldwin added.
''Unfortunately the youth of this country are appalled by such examples of U.S. foreign policy as El Salvador, support of the regime in Chile, the refusal to condemn South Africa at the United Nations and so forth.''
In the ample retrospect of a hundred years one wonders what led Ader to make the connection between stereoscoping sight and stereophonic sound.
John C. Whitehead, a senior partner at Goldman, said, ''Based on our intimate knowledge of Ford's affairs, we believe that Moody's action is not justified.''
It is a long history.
The labels at the Asian Graphic Center are totally inadequate on all counts.
Two years later, when the stock has risen to $50 a share in the market, the executive decides to exercise his option and purchase his stock at $20 a share.
Viewed as Too Independent The United States declines to explain its position.
''Moves'' comes together, in the end, in a group dance whose clear hieratic gestures sum up the powerful emotions and abstracting geometric ranks that came before.
Winfield, however, made everyone forget that bad throw with a spectacular catch in the eighth inning.
I didn't know how bad it was until my best friend, Mary, said: ''Evie, I don't mind the prune recipes, and I really didn't mind the pamphlet on hypnotism, but I must draw the line at the ads for high-quality chrome-trimmed caskets.''
Roundup of Party Chiefs The roundup of the former party leader, Edward Gierek, and his colleagues was taken by many Poles as an effort to make the millions of Solidarity supporters believe that the union was not the only target but that the Governent was embarking on a general campaign to overhaul a state beset by anarchy.
After Mr. Keough and the others had finished the cake, he said, he turned to the guards and asked, ''Where's the ice cream?''
Living in a house that has been officially declared unafe is a nervous strain.
The preposterous plot, which unfolds mostly in and around an Army camp, centers on the misadventures of three distant cousins.
Troops and the police, with most of the rebellious inmates in a fire-ravaged prison in custody, began searching today for about 30 convicts who remained hidden in the burned-out buildings.
This scenario may yet be enacted, but so far the discounting has not abated and may even have intensified.
We are asked to spend a good deal of time contemplating severed heads, especially near wells or river crossings.
Tessie Caliendo, who came out from her home on Humboldt Avenue to greet Mr. Goldin, was asked what she thought of the shelter issue and whether it would influence her vote.
Her theory starts with fit across the shoulders.
Since President Anwar el-Sadat expelled 17,000 Soviet military advisers in 1972 he has moved his country firmly into the American camp, often chiding Washington for doing too little against Soviet advances in the region.
One of the former, wounded, is being dragged by the stirrup.
If President Reagan has his way, the Child Nutrition Program (mainly the National School Lunch Program, which serves approximately 4.35 billion meals a year) will have to cut $1.5 billion from its annual budget.
Iran's Bank Melli in Paris had paid $56 million against shipping documents that turned out to be incomplete, he said, adding: ''The Government has frozen the money and a court is investigating the matter.''
The one part that is like my book - the part about the lawyer getting off lightly - has been cut.
Relations between the United States and Syria are strained, so Taieb Slim, the chief Tunisian delegate, served as a go-between.
Auto rentals - In Eastern European countries, except the Soviet Union, you can usually rent cars from agents -mostly government controlled - of one of the international companies, such as Avis or Hertz, or the government tourist agency.
Mr. Cronkite's interest in science has long been apparent from his enthusiastic coverage of the U.S. space program.
* Dynalectron Corporation's electrical contracting group received $41.2 million in electrical and automation awards for large industrial and commercial projects in the United States and Canada.
Narrowing at the sides and back, it had delicately applied gold decoration all around.
Still another reason, investigators say, is the lack of a surviving leader powerful enough to take undisputed command of the Philadelphia crime family.
du Pont de Nemours ' Co of $27,738,000 and currency translation loss of $5,734,000...C-Includes currency translation loss of $6,345,000 income from discontinued operations of $6,802,000 and extraordianry gain on sale of oil and gas properties of $1,222,481,000; because Du Pont and Seagram use different accounting periods Seagram will include in its qrly reports its proportionate shr of Du Pont's earnings for the Du Pont qr ended one month earlier; Seagram's current fiscal yr ending July 31, 1982 will include the company's shrs of Du Pont earnin from Aug 17, 1981 through June 30, 1982
Air-conditioning, another former luxury, accounts for an average of about 100-million gallons of water a day.
The first annual Mina P. Shaughnessy Medal, for a publication in teaching English language and literature, to Judith Wells Lindfors, associate professor of curriculum and instruction at the University of Texas, for ''Children's Language and Learning.''
A fast-buck artist in Lima, Peru, bought a copy, paid a local printer to reproduce a cheap offset edition, then sold the pirated version to bookstores for a fraction of the original cost.
Looking on the bright side, Mr. Langella said that at least ''Sphinx,'' based on a novel of the same title by Robin Cook, had given him and his wife, Ruth, the opportunity to spend three generally pleasant months in Egypt while it was in production, particularly in and around Luxor, where most of the action takes place.
According to memorandums by the chief campaign strategists for former President Carter and President Reagan, the two candidates were receiving strikingly similar analyses of the electoral battle that they waged that summer and fall.
Tends to play offbalance when tired in the field but is at his best in clutch games.
''This is an extraordinary undertaking intended to make a great newspaper even greater,'' Mr. Hunt said in announcing the new edition in June 1980.
''The whole house used to smell from the oils,'' she said, ''and it bothered the baby.''
That might be a mismatch at one end of the court for us when we're trying to cover Jim Chones or Maurice Lucas, but at the other end the other team is going to have trouble covering Sly Williams or Campy Russell.
A new book, ''Mirror of the Orient'' (New York Graphic Society, $39.95), makes the point by juxtaposing color photographs of the area today by Roland and Sabrina Michaud with parallel subjects in paintings going back as far as the 14th century.
They argue that such efforts at manipulating human genetics to cure disease could lead to ill-advised attempts to change heredity for other, perhaps irrational, reasons that would threaten human freedom and individuality.
I had the feeling almost throughout that the author was shouting at me over the roar of thunder or a waterfall, and I could not hear him.
But even if the Mets had won, they could not have avoided the inevitable.
Jobs May Climb to 300,000 Officials said yesterday they were eager to approve the basic lease changes so plans could proceed with construction at the airports, which are operated by the Port Authority.
Senator Foran estimates that the check-off will mean ''a couple hundred thousand dollars'' for a Department of Environmental Protection fund earmarked for protecting endangered species, reintroducing vanished species, conserving wetlands and the like.
Evans doubled home Rick Miller for the first Red Sox run in the sixth inning and then drove a ball over the left-field fence with one out in the eighth off Bert Blyleven (6-3).
''It is not realistic to reroute the sewers or change a process that has been here since the village was founded,'' he said.
The Army took over the studio in World War II to make training movies.
''We had intended it to be a long-term investment, producing a relatively high level of tax-free income,'' recalls Edward H. Malone, a vice president at G.E.
This meant soggy, limp rice paper around shrimp, greasy spring rolls and pasty shrimp cakes.
Beecham (1879-1961) singlehandedly put English conducting on the map.
Beneath their litany of complaints about prices, taxes, lack of incentives and bribery to obtain fertilizer, is the refrain that they have been ignored and vilified too long in a society that, theoretically, values labor above capital.
The only joint reference to Lucy Stone and Owen in my book occurs on page 387 when I speak of Henry Ward Beecher as ''appearing on the platform of Cooper Institute with Lucy Stone, who had refused to change her name when she married, and Robert Dale Owen, the social reformer ...'' Martha Saxton evidently failed to note the comma and the ''and'' after the word ''married.''
Adler once observed that failures, such as schizophrenics, fail because ''they approach problems of occupation, friendship and sex without the confidence that they can be solved by cooperation.''
Snow on the roof should not hurt at all - unless there is something structurally wrong with it.
They were originally recorded by tiny fly-by-night labels like Wasco and Star Talent, but the music was fresh and first-rate.
* John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Co., Boston, has elected Henry S. Ingram and Michael B. O'Toole vice presidents.
Only one horse to roam two acres of open la nd?
The state would assume control of 36 private banks and 11 big industrial groups.
To reduce interest costs, only plants that can be built in the shortest time period get done, resulting in smaller, less-efficient plants.
Things don't seem as bad as they are when one sees the dying person in the flesh, but the camera is not distracted by love and affection.
''The U.S. has a tremendous potential that can yield substantial quantities of oil and gas,'' said Mr. Halbouty, who is participating in the A.P.I.
And several analysts think the tax changes were oversold as stimulants to investment.
Any suggestions as to how I can cure this?
The Administration-backed bill was approved by voice vote after a brief debate and was sent to the Senate, where final passage seemed likely.
The $100 million, 1,500-room tower would make the hotel the largest in the East and the third largest in the country.
The trial here lasted 24 days and involved more than 4,000 pages of testimony.
Dr. Wadsworth and Dr. Sherby believe it has to be from 1 to 2 percent, compared to only a fraction of 1 percent in ordinary steel.
According to Norma Sue Wolfe, an official of the State Division of Criminal Justice Services, in 1979 Nassau had 4,773 felony arrests, an increase of nearly 600 since Jan. 1, 1976, while Suffolk County recorded 5,883 arrests, an increase of 550 over the same period.
The Republicans did not avoid all the bills, but when the toll of boycotted measures reached seven, tempers grew short.
Costly farm subsidies were approved by the House and Senate agriculture committees.
''They make one of the shots, and we have the last shot to win.
And the bonuses are to be used to buy items such as refrigerators or automobiles, and for savings.
The tax was raised to 12 percent for a time but then dropped back to 8 percent as additional casinos opened.
In Montana, officials say if the latest round of Federal cuts are approved, the state stands to lose nearly 43 percent of the $87 million in Federal money that was channeled to the state for highway construction in the fiscal year 1981.
The academy's own offerings include a chamber series and solo recitalists, and it is also the home of Lukas Foss's Brooklyn Philharmonia.
Despite the increasing sophistication of marketing research methods, the management of new products remains as risky as ever.
Mr. Goldin suggested linking city tax rates to the metropolitan region's Consumer Price Index, in a phased change that would start in 1984.
The Los Angeles Chamber Orchestra, being an all-round ensemble rather than a specialist band, plays modern instruments.
Add heavy cream and freeze in ice cream freezer to form soft ice cream.
Sources familiar with the investigation said the F.D.A.
Charles T. Manatt, the party's national chairman, has been supportive of Mr. Byrne and of Gov.
Mr. Bergquist's play, which he described as a series of satirical vignettes about contemporary life with an emphasis on the popularity of various schools of psychotherapy, has been playing on and off in Stockholm for the last six years.
Since interferon seems to hold such promise and since cancer is such a serious and widespread health threat, the public is crying: ''Use it.
But the business in Gorky Park is something else.
Malcolm Waldron tied it for the Diplomats on a penalty kick in the 51st minute.
It is so strong, in fact, that Marshall Field and I. Magnin are also planning to enter it soon, posing an additional challenge for Neiman's.
Two flashy fellows who studied with us at Juilliard, but who went right from school into the private sector without joining the company, are Robin Williams (''Mork and Mindy,'' ''Popeye'') and Christopher Reeve (''Superman,'' ''Fifth of July'').
''These words are razors to my wounded heart,'' states a Shakespearean character.
The long Palladian west front facing College Green seems a little grubbier, perhaps, in contrast to the gleaming sweep of the newly cleaned Bank of Ireland; the traffic is busier, the city seems to press more insistently against Trinity's railings.
In a subsequent official report on B.S.C.
The evening begins promisingly as a kind of case history of an average, third-generation Japanese-American (Mr. Yuk) who desperately wants to be assimilated and is almost ritualistically excluded from all oppportunity.
NCZ has further studies indicating expected price moves for each commodity, for each day of the week and each hour of the day.
Previously, Aydin purchased from Japan all the color monitors it sold.
Con Edison, for example, has higher rates during the summer when airconditioning brings demand to a peak.
''Also, my communication with the defense hasn't been so good, either, but that's something else I've been working on,'' he said.
Part of this may be attributed to an emotional discomfort at sharing an experience with an audience, part to his problems with his eyes.
These two disciplines together are turning an old field into a new profession and it works.
A doctor facing $1,500 monthly loan payments at the end of residency training would owe $18,000 annually.
Secretary of State Alexander M. Haig Jr. was also opposed to the airborne system.
''It is critical that the Fed let interest rates rise when demand for money increases as in March,'' said Robert M. Sinche, an economist at Bear Stearns & Company.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Those under 21 keep 50 percent.
A quick sale encouraged the artist to give him a second picture.
They're saying to each other: 'Which one?'
Now Boone has a World Series ring, his business in Medford, a wife and three young sons, and all those labor problems in baseball.
Like the solos, ''Playground'' was mimetic cotton candy-sweet, but not very substantial.
But now it is negotiating to turn back the five remaining sites to the city, which is doing its own industrial development on city-owned land through the Public Development Corporation.
All other machinery and equipment would be assigned to the five-year recovery period, as would public utility property with a current useful life of 18 years or less.
''We were down to about 50 percent of normal capacity, but that was due to poor visibility.''
PULASKI DAY SOLIDARITY The theme of this year's Pulaski Day Parade up Fifth Avenue is ''Solidarity'' - an expression of support for the workers in Poland.
Trinity, which has been here since 1846 - it's the third church on the site - has a human relationship with the highrises that hem it in.
He has a tremendous respect for the quality of ingredients and a gentle, patient manner.
David Macdonald may take pride in his discoveries of the social behavior of foxes, but if his interpretations were accurately reported by Lois Wingerson, (Science Times, July 28), they reveal stereotypical male biases and two blatant contradictions.
Between 1,000 and 1,500 Haitians arrive by boat every month, said Thomas M. Stewart, a spokesman for the Justice Department.
Participants in Program The Child Support Enforcement Program collected $736 million for families who were not receiving payments under the program of Aid to Families with Dependent Children in the fiscal year 1979.
Bjorn Borg defeated Jose-Luis Clerc, 6-2, 6-2, 7-5, tonight to win the Edmonton Tennis Challenge.
The living room of his three-room high-rise apartment is completely furnished in Stickley - all Gustav except for a settle and a tall clock made by Leopold and J. George Stickley.
On the other, it must appear not only flexible, but also sympathetic to architects' creative efforts when these efforts are compatible with historic architecture.
Ottinger (D) Y N N Y Y 25.
RELATIONS WITH THE SOVIET UNION - In his first years in office the Administration followed a conciliatory line, negotiating a strategic arms limitation treaty that was assailed by conservatives as too generous.
The sum will be presented to the full board for approval.
A food shortage provoked partly by the political crisis is forcing the Red Cross to plan grain handouts for some 30,000 people.
''I knew that you could use any music with the Ailey company, but this was something the company did not have.''
Observation is by no means scanted in these landscape drawings - Mondrian studied his subjects with a good deal of painstaking attention - but it is clearly secondary in importance to the conception of the drawing itself.
Dr. Beckett's father is vice president-finance of the Save the Children Federation in Westport, Conn., and his mother is personnel director for American Specialty Company, manufacturers of automobile springs in Shelton, Conn.
Scrub potatoes; do not peel.
It is called Theater-by-the-Sea and, as of that date, it will be at the Garde Theater.
Hardly simple, and clearly not do-it-yourself.
Melanie's apartment was always a luxurious mess, and I'd stopped staying with her when I went into New York because of that, and because I'd always wait up for her like an anxious parent.
But there are signs that the money may not be available to expand the municipal labor force.
A larger skull was found some distance away.
The Cavaliers, up by 19-16, outscored Clemson by 10-4 over the next four minutes, Lamp scoring 7 points in the run that gave Virginia a 29-20 lead with 6:59 remaining in the first half.
Spring Nationals starting today in Las Vegas, Nev.
He wound up with 13 of the team's remarkable 52 running attempts.
After graduation, he worked on a garbage truck in his hometown of Erdenheim, Pa., a suburb of Philadelphia, in last month's heat.
At Avery Fisher Hall, part of the 19th New York Film Festiva l. Running time: 140 minutes.
In more recent years, Miss Fishbein concentrated on book publishing.
Mr. Moore is, if possible, more uninhibitedly comic than he was in Blake Edwards's ''10.''
''They said they'd give me the privilege of resigning from the cast and I said, 'Well, I'm not taking that privilege so if you want to fire me go ahead, but get out of here because you'll be lucky if I don't kill you.'
He was with Morgan Stanley from 1972 to 1975 and with Kuhn Loeb (which later became Lehman Brothers Kuhn Loeb) from 1975 to 1978.
The seedings: MEN: 1, John McEnroe; 2, Bjorn Borg; 3, Ivan Lendl; 4, Jimmy Connors; 5, Jose-Luis Clerc; 6, Guillermo Vilas; 7, Gene Mayer; 8, Elliot Teltscher; 9, Roscoe Tanner; 10, Brian Teacher; 11, Peter McNamara; 12, Johan Kriek; 13, Yannick Noah; 14, Wotjek Fibak; 15, Vitas Gerulaitis; 16, Brian Gottfried.
'Mitigating Circumstances' The key provision of the law, passed by the Legislature last June, provides a mandatory prison term of one year for carrying an unlicensed gun in a public place.
Post College and received a master's degree in rehabilitation counseling from New York University.
They also know the threat in a way that's more severe.
Similar findings were reported in Berkeley, Calif., which has a voluntary busing system.
Merrill Lynch named two executives to spearhead its foreign investment banking and banking activities.
He leaves us feeling surprised and wistful, both glad and sorry that we've got on such familiar terms with ou r fates.
Administration officials reported that when it appeared earlier this month that the Russians would not intervene in Poland, pressure arose from members of Congress and Reagan supporters in the Middle West and the South to lift the curb on grain sales.
Justice Stewart's concurring opinion in Furman v. Georgia, the 1972 case that invalidated many state death penalties, provided the epigram by which the nine separate opinions in the case, totaling 230 pages, were remembered.
If there are any differences at the competitive level, at this stage of their careers, they can be seen in more subtle elements such as a willingness to chase the winning shot or utilizing court position.
's larger models have continued to sell.
The group departing for Brazil bows to the immigration agency's preference for established family units by having Yamada (Jiro Kawarasaki) marry his friend's sister Titoe (Kyoko Tsukamoto).
For the sonata, there were Fred Sherry, cellist, and Ursula Oppens, pianist.
The agency accused the Americans and Chinese of finding a ''commonality'' of aggressive aspirations around the world.
''He wouldn't be,'' Perkins said.
He had two singles victories and he split in foursomes play.
He said that his directory of businesses operated by ''bornagain'' Christians was based on a Biblical admonition, ''Do good to all men, especially those of the household of faith.''
There are also cheaper offhours tickets.
Particularly dreaded are the phone calls - bad news, the immigrants say, travels faster than good.
Admission to this concert of pairings: $9, $10.
What these two prominent members of the fashion industry were talking about was a benefit last Thursday at the Fashion Institute ofTechnology to preview an exhibition entitled ''50 Years of American Women in Fash ion.''
Other of the artists represented have not had such personal contact with the circus, but are intrigued nonetheless.
Vetoed Required traffic violations to be thrown out of court if prosecutors were unprepared to try the case at two consecutive hearings.
Witnesses and Federal aviation officials said the plane clipped a treetop and lost a wing and a fuel tank, which fell between two pedestrians in a courtyard.
The party will feature the premiere of the film ''The Chosen.''
The unanimous decision in the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit interpreted the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act of 1976.
Some of these people were held for as long as 12 to 16 hours'' and were ''threatened and beaten'' and taken to ''a secluded area'' where they ''were restrained, beaten, assaulted, bagged and threatened with firearms.''
Fancy Footwork The only thing that is bothersome about ''Paper Money'' is the tendency of the fundamentals to get lost in the fancy footwork.
A sigh of recognition will undoubtedly greet the lulling strains of ''Strange Music'' for it was a popular juke-box staple during the last days of World War II, right up there with ''Ac-cent-tchu-ate the Positive,'' ''Rum and Coca Cola'' and ''Irresistible You.''
It is no secret that Mr. Papp, who is 60 but looks 15 years younger, has had tempestuous dealings with writers, directors, politicians, wives, friends, institutions.
To avoid a reprise of the budget-delaying battle he fought with Senate Majority Leader Warren M. Anderson over the measure, Mr. Carey offered several amendments aimed at limiting its cost.
''The idea was to mix New York City sludge and Oyster Bay garbage,'' said James Bell, vice chairman of Oyster Bay's Industrial Development Authority.
He explains that over-optimistic projections don't take this into account: ''If you spoke to all the people in cable who expect to sell their special events, you'd find that everyone in America would be spending $1,500 a month.
Assets include large loans guaranteed by the U.S.
Bert W. Wasserman, 48 years old, the company's chief financial officer, has been elected to the office of the president.
But he says that the makeup of the festival's programs depend just as much on the collective taste of the selection committee and on a more problematic factor - the availability of films.
Nobody came close to the Cardinals in money.
Chinese, bread baking, cake decorating I and II, weight-watching cookery.
He has this wonderful ability to captivate you for two hours about himself.''
A lot of them have never seen it except in the old movies on television, and that's not like seeing tap live.
The five are Tom Kain, John Stollemeyer, Mike Menendez, Kevin Fauser and David Lischner.
But the anti-Government violence appears to have led directly to a series of abductions of prominent critics of the Government of Chief Leabua Jo nathan, an obese and canny tribal leader who seems gradually to be losing the gr ip on power that he has held over the 1.3 million Basothos, as the country's inhabitants are called, since independence15 years ago.
No Ranger Shots in 10:42 The Rangers failed to get off a shot 10 minutes 42 seconds in the middle of the period and were outshot, 10-4, by the Penguins.
Indeed, the selection of works by Alban Berg, Edgard Varese, Mr. Wuorinen and Mr. Carter left one wondering whether even the most avant-garde of idioms may not someday acquire the patina of familiarity.
We're not going to finance you, we have a game plan.'
Another source of hemlock seedlings is the area under or near old hemlocks on your own or a friend's property.
Also posting gains were Standard Oil of California, Texaco, Superior Oil, Union Oil of California, Atlantic Richfield, Conoco and Texas Oil and Gas.
The issue date was finally set at Oct. 23 - but then a rate increase came along.
Classes are held in Mr. Sheldon's home.
He has also frozen Government hiring.
NOTE: The Articles of Association of Times Newspapers Holdings Ltd. and Times Newspapers Ltd. will be altered as appropriate to reflect the above undertakings in the event that the sale to Mr. Murdoch becomes unconditional.
We are living on a limited income, Social Security, and are 76 and 78 years respectively.
His attitude toward the Government had completely changed since the days of his youthful radicalism.
Moreover, Conyers seems unaware of Congress's and the public's agreement with President Reagan's basic premise that not only do the private and public sectors require different collective-bargaining approaches but an oath by Federal employees not to strike means just that.
He was elected to the Irish Parliament last month.
Ted Simmons then lined a two-run triple and scored on a single by Mark Brouhard.
On the right is the Congregational Church, and just beyond that is her destination, Zane Campbell's Country Store.
It should stay the way they made it.
Must the most lavishly fed people in the world, in order to reach greater prosperity and wield more armed power, really cut the school lunches of 26 million needy children from two to only 1.5 ounces of meat a day?
Because its budget is largely buried, it is impossible to know whether the army is feeling the same retrenchment pinch affecting the rest of Chinese society.
A little spiral of dirt and twigs moved from the flowerbed to the lawn, momentarily flattening the grass as it danced an erratic pattern across the backyard.
The Senator stated that, while he believed marital rape was ''a hideous crime,'' he opposed including it in the same category as rape involving people who are not married.
On the Comm odities Exchange Inc. in New York, gold for October delivery fell $4.40 an ounce, to $443.60.
''A luncheon is distracting,'' he went on.
* Parker Hannifin Corp., Cleveland, has elected Paul G. Schloemer, Frederick A. Downey and Dennis W. Sullivan executive vice presidents.
Mr. Jarasek said his primary interest in cards was to give his customers access to automated teller machines, but he added that Talman had no such machines thus far.
In 1977, she began the Opera-in-Progress workshop at the request of several singers who wanted musical and dramatic coaching that would enable them to stretch to a higher level of performance.
A further way of avoiding sudden assessments is by modifying the current condominium law, said Lawrence Levy, a real estate manager in Orange.
''The timing was wrong,'' he said, ''the content was wrong, and the unilateral presentation of it was also wrong.''
The Reagan Administration views Europe's Middle East initiative with suspicion and is less sympathetic than the Europeans to a ''dialogue'' between rich and poor nations.
Again, very good beef goes into the steak pizzaiuola, lavishly garnished with green peppers, mushrooms, onions and a thin tomato sauce.
Because that is a relatively expensive method, most carting concerns dispose of their loads at ''truckfills'' on Fountain Avenue in Brooklyn and Muldoon Avenue on Staten Island.
For two months of the summer local farmers lend their pigs, cows, sheep, chickens and turkeys to the farm so that New York City youths, who would not get the chance without their help, can pet a sheep, hug a calf or find out where their breakfast eggs come from.
For example, Kuwait's new limit will be 1.25 million barrels a day, down from a stated 1.5 million barrels.
Firefighters battling a nine-alarm fire in a plastics factory yesterday 10 miles north of Boston.
''And the Syrians can present any demands that they can think of.''
There were eight children in my family, and I was the only one to get into college.
Mr. Kahn is half-joking, half-proudly earnest as he calls the 33-month promotional campaign for ''Clash of the Titans'' ''M-G-M's longest-running promotional campaign since 'Gone With the Wind.'
He is also survived by three brothers and three sisters, all in Puerto Rico.
And some airlines have extended their hotel-reservations services to embrace modestly priced accommodations, not just the very expensive.
Tom Corey, an officer in the police department's youth services division, who instituted the proceedings after he began investigating the family following the arrest of two of the children, an 8-year-old and a 9-year-old, for shoplifting last fall, asserts: ''The whole focus in this case is the belief that somebody needs to intervene directly in the life of these kids to prevent them from being like all their parents, their grandparents, their aunts, and uncles and all their great-aunts and great-uncles.''
It is here that they come in the evening, early for cocktails until early the next morning, to meet each other, to perhaps see Calvin Klein, Robert DeNiro, Warren Beatty, Christopher Walken, even Mayor Koch, who dropped by for dinner the other night, but mostly just to be there.
It might have been some man I had seen at another time.''
These U.D.A.G.-assisted sites are in addition to the 11 the Mayor announced.
The eighth and most famous of all, Andrei Sakharov, was banished to Gorky last year.
I wish I had Harold Smith in the picture.''
And at the same time as Mr. Anderson instructs in the art of making political friends and influencing state legislatures, he introduces us to all the curious characters who rallied 'round the grass, boys, and sprinkles his narrative with such highly dramatic sidelights as the case of Bobby Arnstein, the employee and friend of Playboy's publisher, Hugh Hefner, who, in Mr. Anderson's opinion, became a victim of the Nixon Administration's attempts to destroy the ultimate rabbit.
representative is also being invited, will be open to the public.
After the Rangers took a 3-1 lead in the series by winning last night, 4-1, in New York, Patrick still declined to predict that his team would make the semifinals.
THE county has added up the costs for all the broken cell doors, water pipes ripped off walls, shattered windows and torn grill work at the Valhalla jail and come up with a total of $470,585.
But he once more called on the players to ''recognize an obligation to the fans,'' and said, ''Neither the income of the clubs nor that of the players should be taken for granted.''
...' You could see how much youth means to him.
Several Main Street business people, including one who has sold office equipment to the city for many years, have complained to him about the new policy, Mr. Cubeta said.
The strong interest among oil companies in expanding their access to coal and other natural resources fueled some speculation yesterday that the talks between Sohio and U.S. Steel collapsed because U.S. Steel might be able to make a better deal with another oil company.
Identify the activities you find satisfying in and of themselves and focus on enjoying the activities themselves, rather than your performance or what rewards they will bring.
''Figueiredo lacks the intensity and the persistence to stick with problems,'' says Walder de Goes, a political analyst and writer based in Brasilia.
In the succeeding months, though, the multiples of major retailers have dropped to discounts from the market as represented by the S.& P. Mr. Tlucek said that Penney offered a good example of how much retail shares had eased.
It was formed to seek a new chief executive officer after Mr. Phillips decided to step down.
The yelloworange headband has an elastic panel that lets it adjust to fit the heads of all adults and most children.
Nobody even talks about the trial.
In many supermarkets, independent groceries and small delicatessens in and around New York, the selection of peanut butter is limited.
Unless noted, all courses are taught in English and all prices quoted are at the current exchange rate.
In New York, gold gained $7, to close at $493.10 a troy ounce in contracts for current delivery on the Commodity Exchange.
Although Mr. Morris is spending this winter in Mississippi, ''He calls back all the time,'' Mr. Van said the other day.
The board said that expenditures on plant and equipment in the quarter came to $7.2 billion, down 4 percent from the second quarter.
curriculum is a welcome chance to make it - a day at a time.
ON Tuesday, there will be a Republican in the White House, a Republican majority in the Senate and a strong minority in the House.
Be alert for spider mites which make leaves look dusty.
However, interviews with other authorities involved in the case gave an outline of the findings of the investigation.
The shut-downs could last as long as 16 hours, but would usually be shorter.
Sylvan Terrace, slightly southeast of the Columbia-Presbyterian Medical Center, was then an intact but tacky version of itself.
They arrived in the United States and contributed immeasurably to scientific advancement here, while Germany lost so heavily that there is no telling how long it will take it to regain its former scientific eminence.
After three earlier postponements this year, 46 oil companies from 13 countries that have completed seismic studies of the area and turned them over to the Chinese for analysis were hoping to submit competitive bids this fall, receive concessions in November and begin drilling exploration wells early next year.
In this it is unlike other forms of ''recording,'' such as still photography.
Mr. Kania said that some elements in Solidarity were placing various ''forms of pressure on the authorities'' but that ''these words do not signify a change in relations with Solidarity.''
Much of the lobbying will be centered on the state's 1981-82 budget and on the formula that the state uses to allocate education aid.
If certain ''codes of conduct'' are to be observed in the competition, what restraints would the United States expect -and accept?
But the big thing was that we played beautiful defense.
Other municipal bond fund managers contend that Elfun, with its more limited clientele, has more freedom than they do to invest in lower quality or less liquid bonds, with higher yields.
He left Middle Europe in 1938, for obvious reasons.
Many residents come out just at dusk to watch the sun die down on the horizon.
Glenn Willett Clark, a McLean, Va., lawyer who, as a former assistant general counsel at Treasury in the mid-1970's, was close to the Bank's activities, said its operations over the last four years have added $50 billion to the national debt.
Presented by the Equity Library Theater, 310 Riverside Drive.
They speak of high standards and a sense of discipline that remain with them.
What company is it, and what is the product?
Where Moscow encouraged state intervention in the economy, the West gains solace from still inconclusive indications that the Government is prepared to loosen its hold.
''I haven't played there since 1945.
At the same time, ''there is a certain amount of fundamental education in the military system for the new guy on the block,'' said a military assistant.
As with last year's gold medals, the 1981 versions will be priced at levels reflecting the market value of their bullion content plus a small surcharge to cover the costs of the program.
It's an inspiration to see the variety and universality of the priests - the varied interests, the talents, the ages.''
Warner Bros. Television will have exclusive rights to Mr. Chamberlain's acting services in series and television films.
Fluor climbed 3 3/8, to 36 3/8, while St. Joe Minerals moved ahead 3 3/4, to 43 1/8, in what analysts described as related gains.
He pokes fun at his own stardom in the new song ''Delusions of Grandeur.''
''The response was overwhelming,'' Mrs. Goldstein said.
directorate) meets in Managua with a delegation of the Salvadoran guerrilla joint general staff.
What most Americans would have regarded as a happy celebration of flourishing Sino-American relations was viewed differently there.
I finished stronger in every round.''
Robert C. Perrin, the state's vice chancellor for university affairs, said the 16-member State University board of trustees was prepared to approve Dr. Brown's interim appointment at its meeting scheduled for tomorrow in Albany, if the Nassau Community College trustees act on the recommendation tonight.
Miller got two outs, but Lopes meanwhile nettled him by stealing second base and third, with a five-run lead.
360, called ''London Towne House,'' the name of which is a real-estate developer's invention: the building bears neither a resemblance to London nor to a town house but is a conventional white-brick high-rise apartment building.
We Cannot Trust'' (July 12).
Our relationship - as well as her whole life - now revolved around me.
He smeared even President Eisenhower.
The magazine Master Detective has chosen Anthony V. Scolpino, narcotics detective with the Teaneck Police Department, as its ''national police officer of the month.''
Traders noted an Agriculture Department report on Soviet grain production, released after the close of trading Wednesday.
The Chicago-based company, a leading producer of branded packaged foods and toys, recently acquired the Joseph A.
I had a pretty good part and that started me off as a film actor.''
Too long mired in cutesy Hollywood roles, this actress is giving the performance of her career as Sheila.
Mr. Reagan's blood pressure became normal shortly after ''he rested on a stretcher for a minute or two,'' Dr. O'Neill said, adding that the temporary drop in blood pressure might have been ''the result of the fact that he had walked in and had a significant amount of blood loss in his chest at that time.''
There does seem to be a direct correlation between the agrarian reforms and the peasants not having become more radicalized.''
The cities, with mounting fiscal troubles, are pleading for authority to raise their share of the statewide sales tax.
The Yale Cachet Now, people like Peter Brooks, a professor of French and comparative literature, say they believe Yale officials made a mistake.
Unfortunately, it was hard to see paintings and frescoes in poorly lit buildings and old churches on dim days (we didn't think to take flashlights with us) and we had to dodge buckets of sand set about the Accademia to catch drips from the leaking ceiling.
The Supreme Court today handed a defeat to the Internal Revenue Service, ruling by 6 to 3 that the meals and lodging provided for thousands of workers by their employers were not ''wages'' for the purpose of computing Social Security and Federal unemployment taxes.
Despite a fare increase and increased ridership, the line's operating deficit is still increasing, according to Arthur B.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
The new rule went into effect today.
Urban enterprise zones are being promoted in Congress by Representatives Jack Kemp and Robert Garcia, both of New York.
The game took place on Sept. 17th, 1930.
12 Drugs Approved in 1980 The research companies say that long test procedures and competition from generic manufacturers have caused them to cut back their search for new drugs.
That defense is expected to become more common as the gambling problem does, predicted Dr. Steinberg.
So says columnist Safire, the language maven.
Al Maier let the fish run for perhaps 150 yards before it stopped and he set the hook.
In fact, players 50 yards away on the practice field heard him.
However, women born during the baby boom after World War II have started to raise families.
''Needless to say, we are very far apart.''
The improved B-1 would incorporate some of the Stealth technology plus other advances discovered as development work has continued.
That is why Agadir is a past that can too easily become a future - or possibly the end of any future.
Because they are lean and tend toward toughness, they should be wrapped in fat or bacon before being roasted so they will not dry out.
Cut off the ends of each zucchini, about one inch from each end.
Secretary of Labor Raymond J. Donovan, in a letter to the subcommittee last week, wrote that he had ordered ''a searching internal inquiry'' to determine what action the Labor Department could take in cases where union officials had been convicted of serious crimes.
''It's the worst Cosmos team right now since I came here in 1976.
A significant portion of his speech dealt with mass-transit problems, with Mr. Rohatyn warning that high interest rates could force the city and state to trim the $5.8 million package of capital spending passed by the Legislature earlier this year to help the Metropolitan Transportation Authority.
But the small ground-floor window cases of the Municipal Parking Garage on Eighth Avenue at 54th Street are once again the setting (through Feb. 21) for an art show.
If the United States mishandles regional problems - the Palestinians in the Middle East or the Sandinists in Central America - it invariably strengthens Soviet opportunity.
Mr. Miller's health and his grip on the union continued to deteriorate, and in 1979 Mr. Church persuaded Mr. Miller to resign and become ''president emeritus for life,'' assuming the presidency himself.
American law prohibits the printing of foreign currencies in the United States As a result, these currencies are printed in plants owned by American Bank Note in Britain and New Zealand.
A truck carrying newsprint collided with a passenger bus today, killing 32 people and injuring 10 others on the Pan American Highway.
While nuclear power might be cheaper than electricity from other fuel sources, he said, neither can compare with conservation.
During the long flight, the men reminisced about the protracted crisis and the emotional roller coaster it represented for all of them.
Miss Colbert has not made a movie in 20 years, which does not seem to fill her with much sorrow.
However, I have enough idealism left to believe that civilized news might have a modestly uplifting effect on the viewing audience.
Some Abuses Are Reported Violent street crime and the shooting of strangers out of anger or in robberies is practically unknown, although it happens occasionally.
A fight then broke out between Nigel Clarke, a British journalist with The Daily Mirror, and Charlie Steiner, a correspondant for RKO Radio in the United States, over the line of questioning directed at McEnroe.
It could very well be the trouble, but only an experienced electrician can check this out properly.
For details, write to Tom Linn at 6224 Baynton Street, Philadelphia, Pa. 19144 (215-844-6111) or phone Scott Lewis at about 8 A.M. or in the evening at 201-435-5668.
The new Red Book, the 35th edition, is priced at $4.95 and can be obtained at most coin shops and book stores.
Gagliardi then threw three consecutive completions of 13, 17 and 10 yards to Corcoran and St. John was ahead, 18-0.
''You and only you can find solutions to your problems,'' he said, asserting that he would pray for the country so ''the voices of reconciliation, common sense and responsible moderation'' would prevail.
In all, some 300 players will perform before half a dozen Yankee scouts.
NORTH(D) S A K 9 H 8 2 D 9 5 2 C K 10 8 7 5 WEST EAST S 7 5 4 S 10 8 6 3 2 H K Q 6 4 3 H J 10 9 7 D J 7 6 3 D 10 8 4 C 3 C Q SOUTH S Q J H A 5 D A K Q C A J 9 6 4 2 Both sides were vulnerable.
's Division I in 1960.
His death was widely publicized, but Democrats urged voters to re-elect him to keep the seat Democratic.
Hasn't inflation greatly increased executive pay?
''I was holding that stuff for a guy,'' Burden said.
This pipe is usually assembled with fittings that are soldered in place, and this is not an especially difficult technique for the amateur to master.
The up and down choice in interest rate ceilings tend to occur so frequently that the consumer is often befuddled.''
During the town's boom times two of the houses were expanded, and elaborately decorated bay windows were added.
He might as well have been hitting Trevor Berbick with pillows instead of gloves.
The only sure winners are the wealthy, whether they are individuals or corporations.
The smoked salmon is labeled ''Western Nova'' ($4.69 a quarterpound), an oxymoronic term since salmon comes either from the West or from Nova Scotia, but never both at the same time.
The American Stock Exchange shut down a minute later.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees.
You may think about t his, starting Saturday, at the Rizzoli bookstore.
By 1846 his wife was dead and his career as a New York ''magazinist'' was finished.
They had better raise those grain loan rates up closer to what it costs us to plant or there'll be a lot of unhappy farmers in this area.''
Mr. Stern said that the Mount Sinai trustees had expressed concern about borrowing in today's market, but that they felt renovation could not be put off any longer.
Mr. and Mrs. Paul A. Schratwieser of Greenwich, Conn., have made known the engagement of their daughter, Mary Louise Schratwieser, to Joseph Michael Roberts 3d, son of Mr. and Mrs. Roberts Jr. of Mountain Lakes, N.J. An October wedding is planned.
''I have to say it was a surprise,'' Robert E. Poli, the union president, said this week, referring to the Administration's dismissal of the striking controllers.
A Cabinet-level advisory committee has decided to recommend that President Reagan ask Congress to double the annual limit on legal immigration from Mexico and Canada.
The Busby's rink is almost circular, which means few straightaways, more curves.
On taking office, Attorney General William French Smith reopened negotiations with the plaintiffs and reached an agreement Feb. 24 to revise the one filed by the Carter Administration's Justice Department on Jan. 9.
Since their economic retrenchment, Chinese officials have said they no longer want to import entire factories.
Holdings of a particular issue are consolidated and a record kept only of how much a person owns.
And he expects to be involved in the negotiations with overseas automobile companies for the joint ventures company insiders say are the key to its future.
Second, we should be comfortable entrusting the trial in this major litigation to Judge Harold Greene, a distinguished jurist who has constantly demonstrated his strong-willed commitment to expedition, even when it has been unpopular for him to do so.
This resolution calls for immediate elections in Namibia under the supervision of the United Nations, something that South Africa has resisted.
He can describe convincingly, for example, a splendid villa on the French Riviera, an Italian film producer, a vanished way of life, an elegant and still sexy 68-yearold woman.
The 1978 law prohibits American companies from furnishing information about past, present or future business relationships with boycotted countries or blacklisted persons.
Later, as my wife was helping with the tea things, she whispered: ''Go out to the car and get the Canadian Club.''
The following new fixed-income securities are scheduled this week: TAXABLE TUESDAY Florida Power and Light Company, $125 million of bonds, due 2011, rated A by Moody's and A+ by Standard & Poor's.
The surveys were made before Sunday's attack.
As in their previous matches, there were touches that made this one special.
Oil prices rose by as much as 1 cent with September closing at 95.92 cents a gallon as the market remained uncertain about what price action would be taken at the meeting this week of members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries.
President Reagan today ordered $3 billion to $6 billion in additional budget cuts after he was informed that his advisers had underestimated the growth in Federal spending for the fiscal year 1982.
Dust Spreads for Miles The blastoff spewed a fine tan dust over everything within a onemile radius, and technicians today began the task of hosing the dust off the pad structures.
''We feel there has been a lot of mismanagement in the last three or four years,'' he said.
When Mary, my wife, and I went to look for him, we couldn't find him and we decided he had gone back to Florida to go to the hospital.
''Everyone should decide at the outset the purpose for which one is buying a piano,'' Mr. Lateiner said, adding that some people view a piano as a piece of furniture and their expectations are different from those of musicians who expect a piano to be technically and tonally sound.
This situation reflects the influence of import pricing which, to a considerable degree, controls domestic small-car pricing.
Mr. Fitzmorris has denied receiving the payment and was not indicted.
Measure condemning Libya for support of international terrorism and calling for the President to report to Congress in six months on economic sanctions and other actions against that country, passed, 356 to 46, Dec. 9.
Alison J. Nevin was maid of honor.
The 33 refugees died before dawn last Monday when their battered wooden sailboat capsized 50 yards from Hillsboro Beach.
Betsy Norden was a Papagena worth being chased and caged.
Another measure of the success of British agriculture is the startling improvement in labor productivity.
Col. John H. Garrison, of the office of International Security Affairs.
None of those matters were mentioned in the latest indictment.
Investors Left to Wonder As a result of the unusual weekend I.R.S.
The Task Force, made up of assemblymen and state senators, will make a recommendation.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
Mr. Levesque was angered by the decision of the majority of delegates to move immediately on the question of independence if the party wins the next provincial election.
They argued that the state was making progress in providing more bed spaces for prisoners and that the releases were potentially dangerous to the public.
shrewd, tough, funny and triumphantly detailed.''
''Our mission was to repay the banks $284 million,'' said Mr. Kasbar.
In what is described as true hunt style, guests will eat and drink before, during and after the program, and at times get to sing and play horn kazoos.
Experts estimate that only 25 percent of the available architectural material is salvaged, yet even that is often stacked willy-nilly in warehouses or yards.
But the National Small Business Association, which has refused to join the 10-5-3 coalition, contends that the 14 million proprietorships, partnerships and small corporations (assets under $5 million) need different help.
(The price is $5,000 a person for a week, not including air fare.)
Open Wednesdays through Saturdays from 11 to 6 P.M.; Sundays, noon to 6; Tuesdays 11 to 8 P.M. (5 to 8, admission free).
Of a dozen panel discussions held during the convention, only one dealt specifically with the kind of book that now accounts for 70 percent of booksellers' sales - the paperback.
That deal was completed in December for a price reported to be between $50 million and $60 million.
The Art of Papermaking, Cooper-Hew- itt Museum, 2 East 91st Street.
As a result of an unusual three-way agreement between Yugoslavia, the State University of New York at Albany and the New York State Education Department, the exchanges are to be continued for the next five years.
The annual International Fund Game of the American Contract Bridge League will be played tonight at the following clubs in the New York Metropolitan area.
Gradually, the showbiz archetypes Mr. Eyen envisioned - the budding songwriter, the ruthless manager, the fading star - assumed substance.
My hotel, the two-story, 37-room La Sierra, was one block north of the Plaza Bolivar, the city's central square.
About 50 people, including five on the Stockholm, died in the disaster on July 25, 1956.
Second, tailoring particular development strategies to the specific needs and potential of individual countries and regions.
A final hearing is scheduled for Nov. 16.
Patience, leonine twin of Fortitude at the New York Public Library, got a replacement from Fred Comas for a wreath worth $1,275 that was stolen Dec. 9.
We hear it said that we live in an era of limit to our powers.
It has so far brought in $157 million in gifts and pledges, he said.
''We just tell people who call that we don't have information,'' Mr. Smith said, adding that the committee had not filled out the bureau's optional questionnaires about its officers, solicitation methods and what the funds were used for.
Its chief competition from Spain is Freixenet, which sells for $6 or less in its brut, or driest, version and for $4.49 or less as an extra dry, which is slightly sweeter than brut.
At another table sat the French designer Tan Giudicelli and the New York-based French fur designer Larissa.
Critics of industry contend that much of the aid now being offered is too little and too late.
She spoke from behind a protective plastic screen.
Their occupation began with about half a dozen women on one floor of Hadassah House.
Mr. Ford said that the commission hoped to avoid the need to take over the decision-making of recalcitrant municipalities.
After the disclosure today that the President had been working only two hours a day in his room at the hospital, White House spokesmen made an effort to portray Mr. Reagan as mending rapidly and ready to come home.
William A. O'Neill opposes the nickel-and-dime approach.
Link to Other Treaties Despite such overtures, tension between the tribe and the state seems to be rising.
By one count, upwards of 700 different fables can be found in the Aesopic literature, and I think even a casual reader would benefit from a gloss to the text when new editions come out.
Mrs. Thatcher will slap Herr Schmidt down if he starts complaining about American interest rates; she likes them high.
Tigers 5, Rangers 0 ARLINGTON, Tex., (UPI) - Aurelio Lopez, starting his first game of the season, combined with Kevin Saucier on a five-hitter as Detroit snapped a four-game Texas winning streak.
So, it was the luck of the draw with me.''
''Before the Japanese Prime Minister's visit, Mr. Haig argued against pushing the Japanese into a corner on higher defense spending,'' one Presidential adviser disclosed.
He then celebrated mass at the altar, and at the end of the ceremony, which lasted more than two hours, he descended the steps of St. Peter's to make contact with the crowd.
Beck of El Toro, Calif., took the unlimited top fuel title and Prudhomme, the defending champion of Granada Hills, Calif., won the funny car title.
Citicorp's weekly auction of 91-day commercial paper brought an average rate of 15.205 percent.
The archdiocese will continue to work with other drug rehabilitation programs, Cardinal Cooke said.
I would like to emphasize that we are not laying down preconditions to any party.
finals at Dallas, near the end of the match, a second serve by Ivan Lendl clearly hit the ''T'' of service and center service lines.
One concerns the day-to-day earnings stream of the overseas subsidiary, while the second has to do with the value of assets and liabilities of the subsidiary.
''Bathrooms are no longer just a place to wash one's face in or in which to take a quick shower.''
He left Fort Myers afterward for Kansas City.
Driving a car that had never turned a wheel until three days before the race, Paul finished second in a field that included Europe's best sedan drivers.
As many as 98 of the sport-fishing boats had been stored on the spacious church property, known as the Belvedere Estate, before village officials discovered them in June and notified the church that storing the boats was a violation of local zoning laws.
He was activated this afternoon and played 10 minutes tonight, missing his only shot.
At 188-192 Tenth Avenue, between 21st and 22d Streets, is an ordinary, small retail and tenement block, identical to dozens around the area but for one curious twist.
''We want to ge t it back for the ratepayers,'' said Austin McGuigan, the Chief State's Attorney, who added: ''It won't make it better, but a t least it's $47,000 they're getting back.''
He merely wanted, and received, use of the Government's full-faith-andcredit clause -and cold cash if that failed.
For over a century, blacks have looked to the Federal Government for protection and intervention in their push for equality and they do not expect to fare well if such safeguards are left to the will of the states.
''We can escalate the resistance and influence it positively or negatively.
Alfred McCambridge of Michigan, who was in the city on vacation, cheerfully paid $2 after dropping a contest that was hardly even close.
''It's expensive, it's luxurious and it makes you feel good when you wear it.''
The members of the controllers' union overwhelmingly rejected the terms of that settlement.
But write that ... a portion of the sad fame of Auschwitz belongs to you as well.''
Pour what is left down the drain and let it stand for about 10 minutes.
I move around by helicopter sometimes because it's quicker.
Consequently, the building has no studio apartments, no convertible bedrooms, no roof garden, no swimming pool and no social rooms.
The Michells also bartered some work with their neighbors.
During the few decades when mothers generally got custody, few men attempted it, and the situation was more stable for children.
To consumers that would have meant a 2-cent increase in a quart of milk and about a 10-cent per pound increase in butter and cheese.
Finally, there is the prospect of a large deficit.
Mr. Schwartzbard is also president of Suburban Coastal Corporation, a New Jersey-based organization that services approximately 94,000 mortgage loans nationwide.
Bureau of Competition, effective July 6.
Two cheers for Chief Justice Burger, who told the American Bar Association the other day that defense against crime was as vital to national security as ''the budget of the Pentagon.''
A Happy Solution Seen When Mr. Wrigley agreed to sell the Cubs, a family-controlled team since his grandfather took it over in 1921, most Chicagoans appeared to see a happy solution to his troubles in keeping the Cubs competitive, which he has attributed to a cash shortage stemming from estate-tax problems.
WOODBRIDGE, N.J. AROUND the country, younger people finding shelter for the first time have traditionally been a leading sales target for the nation's housing producers.
You often hear it said after a lesser-ranked player loses to a grandmaster: ''Well, what can you expect against a player who is steeped in the routine?''
How many zeroes are there in a million, Al Hrabosky?
Prime Party Locations Several committee members attributed the group's success to the locations of its social events.
But diplomats noted the Soviet leader's reference to problems posed by ''the complication of the international situation,'' and speculated that a large part of the resources intended for investment might have been channeled to the military to meet the challenge perceived by Moscow in the Reagan Administration's military buildup.
The ball sailed over their heads, and Kelly had the biggest recovery of his life.
''And is there just one in your party this evening, sir?''
The prosecutor said that last fall Miss Becker and Mr. Wyler were tried and acquitted on Federal extortion charges in connection with an alleged plot to kidnap a business partner and, using a guard dog, hold him nude in the basement of a Port Washington home.
Energy Minister Yitzhak Modai said the Government's effective term seemed over and Avraham Sharir, the Likud parliamentary leader, said elections should be held if either of two other Cabinet members carry out threats to resign.
Judge Guidry had presided over Mr. Clark's trial and said he had no recollection of the defense lawyer being intoxicated.
Judge Smith ruled that the intention of Congress of limiting eligibility for these accounts had been ignored by the Federal Home Loan Bank Board, which regulates savings and loan institutions.
Theft of services from local cable television networks is considered a modest problem in rural areas, because it is relatively easy to detect.
Joe Zito conducts walking tours that are not easy to forget.
Then it will return Nov.30and run throu gh Dec.13.
Las Colinas, 15 minutes northeast of downtown Dallas, lies between that city and the huge Dallas-Fort Worth Airport, a wellsp ring of thearea's econom ic growth.
Cardinal Casaroli usually accompanies the Pope on his travels.
Soft tissue sarcoma strikes about 5,000 Americans annually, usually those in their 20's, 30's and 40's.
Soviet and Western Help Both the Soviet Union and the Western powers have been trying to help Poland deal with its economic difficulties this year, diplomats here say, in part because they want to see their loans repayed but also because each side hopes to increase its political influence over Poland.
Elliptic as this show necessarily is, it gives us an idea of the force and the conviction with which Helion thrust his ideas onto a Parisian art world that at the time ranked abstraction very highly.
Officials said, for example, that they were concerned that Mr. Wilson had used agency employees in his personal business activities.
Mrs. Thatcher had hoped to calm the dissidents within her party at the Conservatives' annual conference in Blackpool this month, and she won a standing ovation from the grass-roots activists on the conference floor.
Maybe it will be what people, excepting my brother-in-law and wife, will be reading next summer.
''There are many who feel that more money can be saved.''
''The volatility we witnessed in sugar during the past 12 months may well be repeated in the next six months,'' said Dennis C. Koutras, forecasting manager for tropical products at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc., on Friday.
A vote that is expected next Tuesday on a bill requiring a 5-cent deposit on bottles in Suffolk County, L.I., may have repercussions throughout New York State.
''Monoclonal antibody produced a striking clinical response in skin, lymph nodes, and blood, but complete remission was not achieved,'' their report said.
Wilder's rook was inviolable since 23 ... PxR; 24 Q-N6ch, K-B1; 25 RxP, R-R4; 26 N-K5!
''He said that he was signing on for the duration and did not intend to preside over a dismantling of the Department of Energy,'' the Senator added.
Those who complete the course will be given a certificate of aptitude.
We can't lose sight of the fact that this is a competitive world.
In fairness, President Reagan has also said that he wishes to achieve real reductions in nuclear arms by negotiations with the Russians.
We knew that beyond the show that Beirut put up for outsiders lay a belt of misery - slums and shantytowns that housed Moslem Shiite migrants from the south, and poor Palestinians, all of whom were spectators to the drama and to the glitter of Beirut.
Noodles and shrimp Singapore- style 2 tablespoons olive oil 3 tablespoons finely minced garlic 4 eggs 1 cup finely chopped scallions 1/2 cup finely chopped fresh coriander 1 1/2 pounds lean, boneless pork, cut into five equal-size portions 1/2 pound medium egg noodles 1/4 cup peanut, vegetable or corn oil 1 cup finely minced heart of celery 1 pound shrimp, shelled and deveined, about 2 cups 3 or 4 fresh, hot, red or green chili peppers 2 cups rich chicken stock (see recipe) 3/4 pound bean sprouts.
Furthermore, ERISA permits employers to disregard years of service before age 22 in determining the amount of ''vested'' benefits - that is, the benefits a person is entitled to at retirement, even if he or she quits before that.
Herring Mixture 2 herring fillets (about 1/2 pound), diced 1/2 cup sour cream 1 hard-boiled egg, chopped 1 teaspoon (or more) onion, minced.
''The Earthling'' is an Australian movie as pretentious and finally as empty as its title, which refers to Patrick Foley (William Holden), a beat-up, worn-out world traveler who is returning to his birthplace, a farm in the uncharted wilds of Australia, to die on familiar soil.
Fold each piece of fillet in half.
All this was reported here, including the publisher's explanations and promises.
The cast is excellent, the very actors who are needed to flesh out testimony theatrically.
Giovanna Casolla is coming from Italy for the title role of the captured Ethiopian slave-princess.
He was 72 years old and lived in Manhattan.
Close by is a painting of the same room apparently devastated by a man who stands in the foreground, aiming a rifle at a mantlepiece on the far wall.
As a result, sales of mapping systems could triple within five years, to $242 million in 1984 from $70 million last year, according to an estimate by Thomas Kurlak, a stock analyst who follows computer-aided design and manufacturing, or CAD/ CAM, companies for Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith.
''Musashi'' is so severely episodic and dramatically sluggish that the mind wearies after a few hundred pages or so.
Tonight, they will appear in the Great Hall of Cooper Union on Third Avenue at Seventh Street (254-6300, ext.
Lawrence Goodwyn, professor of history at Duke University, $50,000, to complete a two-volume study of the crisis in modern government.
Soviet troops, on the other hand, wear bulky rubberized coveralls and masks that provide much less freedom.
''They literally locked themselves in their apartment for about 15 months and practiced and practiced.
There are cheaper ways than this for the Government to squeeze more savings out of the economy - and with less risk of inflation.
In the case of the Lauren fragrance, Mr. Friedman, Lauren and his team requested a scent that was young, fresh and very different from others on the market.
355, on the corner of 77th Street, begun only eight months ago by the same people who run Copper Hatch II, a block north.
Its successes, nonetheless, after just one year are such that even rightist business leaders say the program is irreversible, and the peasants credit the Government with making a genuine effort to improve their lot.
Let us now press on to the goal of demanding sprinklers in those structures that cry out for them: nursing homes, hospitals, high-rise buildings and any others with the potential for fire death.
''Every time Janie Blalock and I play we have our own little beer match, anyway.
In order to find a solution to this loss of homes - remember that pay cable viewers are safe from advertising -Bates and Nielsen last year tested various methods of getting commercials to the public.
The company reimburses the renter if the van gets less than 10 miles a gallon on the trip.
In a rare demonstration of open opposition to the ruling clergy, former Prime Minister Mehdi Bazargan, who is a Member of Parliament, declared, ''Acts of revenge by this Government will turn the country into an ocean of blood.''
Steal A Story was second; Cabbar was third.
The latter three are closely associated with the longlasting nasal sprays that have been introduced in the last few years.
The investor must have a net worth of $20,000 exclusive of home and personal property.
Mr. Schweiker, in a ''Dear Don'' letter, expressed ''profound regret'' at Dr. Fredrickson's resignation, under whom, he said, ''the N.I.H.
Those are the market's requirements.
He charges $50 a day per hunter, with a $100 minimum, and his rates are average.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
If that's the case, we might have to start our own league.''
He raises doves: gray ones, regal white ones, a few carrier pigeons, and this morning has swapped a couple of his birds for two fat white rabbits.
The Speaker needed the backing of the committee members because Mr. Gonzalez had threatened to bolt the Democratic Party and take a number of Hispanic voters from Texas with him if he was denied the subcommittee chairmanship.
''I owe the Government something,'' Judge Bonsal said when asked why he remained on the bench.
Brascade Resources Inc. said it had succeeded in raising its 28 percent interest in Noranda Mines Ltd. of Toronto to 39 percent through a tender offer and through purchases from the Noranda treasury that totaled about $1.06 billion (Canadian currency).
''His friend, Chuck Tanner, the Pirates' manager, keeps asking him to lose weight, but he still doesn't do it.''
C-Net income including $85,000 gain for the 9 mos from the sale of property
On the Amex, there were 85 advances and 582 declines on a turnover of 8.4 million shares, the second-heaviest trading session this year.
Carter Policies at Issue Much of today's debate focused not only on Mr. Lefever's qualifications but also on the nature and effectiveness of the Carter Administration's policies on human rights.
He said the pipe had passed a multitude of tests for leaks and soundness, and added that he would not oppose another dye test if it was not too expensive or time-consuming.
George Osborne, director of the Connecticut Opera, said that he had considered putting up gigantic overhead telelvision screens in the Coliseum, with English subtitles for people such as Mr. Beliveau, and that he had considered flashing the World Series score on the message board.
In the bond market the bellwether issue - the 13 7/8 percent Treasury bonds due in 2011 - closed at 105 22/32 to yield 13.10 percent, down from the day's highest price of 106 1/4 but still almost 5 points (or $50 a bond) higher than two weeks ago.
Although it is not yet time on Glenn's schedule for a public declaration about 1984, close observers assume that the decision has already been made.
At that price, it's not ducks that should be roasted.
The dollar tumbled for the seventh consecutive session on foreignexchange markets yesterday on perceptions among investors that interest rates in the United States would continue to fall.
I have to be myself.''
While they want desperately to compete directly with cable, which is much more permissive about subject matter and language, they are increasingly being forced to assure self-appointed watchdog groups like the Moral Majority that a lid will be clamped on the type of material those groups find objectionable.
Judy Kaye, while getting campier each time out, remains a big belter with a sure comic sense.
Depending on the firm and its customer, these rates range anywhere from half a percentage point to two and a half percentage points above the broker-loan rate.
The L-Sat program, also led by British Aerospace, is to provide large ''direct broadcasting'' satellites for beaming television to small household antennas, starting in 1985.
You can make New York City first without it being the biggest.
Carnesecca is sensitive to the pressures that result when coaches try to create heroes of teenagers in order to sell tickets.
The best of the shorts is the briefest, entitled ''Knighty Knight Bugs'' and featuring such medieval characters as''Sir Osis of Liver'' and ''Sir Loin of Beef.''
The Bucks trailed by as many as 16 points in the second quarter.
Appears in Good Health An official at the Swiss Embassy in Teheran, reached by telephone, said today that Mrs. Dwyer appeared to be in good health during her court appearance yesterday.
Noting that he had sent Mr. Reagan a telegram asking him to join, or at least respond to, the demonstration, Mr. Church said, ''We are going to get his attention.''
Setbacks among building product concerns were more dramatic.
Free Air Travel Offered Many domestic airlines have offered to fly the returnees and their families to Washington for welcoming ceremonies next week, and some have offered the former hostages free air travel for 30 days after their return.
''Their attempts to extort money from us did not work.''
''Demand is relatively slack in a period that is normally strong from a consumer point of view,'' Mr. Chronowitz said.
Now, of course, there are rebates - currently the biggest giveback campaign in the industry's history -with General Motors offering as much as $700 back, Ford cutting the list price of many models by 10 percent and Chrysler offering 7 percent rebates.
Fiat S.p.A. expects its automotive business to report a loss this year, although the group as a whole still expects to break even in 1981, Umberto Agnelli, vice chairman, said in an interview last Friday.
Admission is $1.50 for adults, 75 cents for children between 12 and 17; under 12 admitted free.
Western analysts viewed the unexpected meeting as a new warning to Warsaw's leadership that it must resolve economic turmoil in Poland quickly.
She looks lovely; is really much prettier than ever.
Directions to each winery are given, along with the name of the person who arranges for tour groups.
Recently, a group of composers addressed the problem by forming the Composers Guild of New Jersey.
A brand new World Bank study shows that since 1960 the gross domestic product per person has grown by less than 1 percent in 19 African countries; in 15, it failed to grow at all in the 1970's.
Four local youths were arrested today and accused of turning on a pipeline valve that led to the collapse of a section of an aqueduct supplying 60 percent of Newark's water.
The turning point came in the seventh game when she broke Miss Jausovec's service.
I told him he couldn't use the track.
He wants to ''run by me'' that, as another precaution against a possible lawsuit, his lawyers want to eliminate the ''based upon 'The Baby Brokers' '' credit that our contract says I am supposed to get.
or centuries it had been the home of the Tewa and the Keres Indians, even before the Navajo and the Apache came.
Another fighter, he wrote, was checked through, despite a small hernia.
Mr. Zabar said that all but two of the hotel's tenants had been removed following an amicable relocation settlement that cost him nearly $200,000.
The plans call for no public funds to be used in the construction of the center, contending that there is sufficient audience and business support to raise the private funds needed for the project.
Ann McCarthy, assistant county attorney of Westchester, attributed the weaknesses of the juvenile-justice system to its failure to adhere to its original goal of rehabilitation, an aim she said had been replaced by the need to insure justice to juveniles.
This fall, the Smithsonian Institution will be releasing a recording of 'Marietta' in my edition - the first complete Herbert score ever recorded with the original instrumentation and professional singers.
A report on hazardous-waste treatment sponsored by the state's Conservation Department, defined the problem: ''The improper disposal of wastes has resulted in the pollution of surface waters and the bio-accumulation of toxic materials in fish and wildlife to levels resulting in low-level exposures to humans.
Changes to Tighten Eligibility Mr. Burdick said the remaining 3.7 percent was caused by errors by welfare workers, most frequently involving budgeting incomes incorrectly and approving the wrong type of assistance.
As a last resort, some are housed in motels, at taxpayers' expense.
VIDEO The first big show of video artists from Latin America, work by 21 people from nine countries, starts today at the Museum of Modern Art, 11 West 53d Street (956-6100).
More than 100 companies offer the discounts on annual premiums, which typically range from 4 to 10 percent.
The drop in the index of leading economic indicators was the largest monthly decline since last year's recession and was more evidence that the nation's economy is again in a recession.
King, who finished with 28 points, scored 10 during a 19-3 spurt that gave Maryland a 71-52 lead with 6:14 left.
And now, when ordinary mortals are still wondering what their unopened gifts contain, the two men are seriously flirting with temptations for 1983.
By making their sections tauter than Sullivan's, by presenting the new buildings as almost a set of stage flats in downtown, the architects have turned this complex into a lively and significant dialogue between the generations.
The observatory points exactly to the southwest, which enabled the Zapotecs to determine the exact movement of the seasons.
Last Saturday evening Mary Stanton proved us wrong.
They lean over to catch it.
Her voice is more than adequate to the demands of the score.
The economy is still weak; the real income just isn't there, interest rates remain high and there is still some payback of rebates.''
Much too practical an approach, she believes.
That economic function has fallen as manufacturing itself has declined, while other, different economic activities have expanded and prospered in the Sun Belt and have attracted people.
Second M.: What's the problem?)
James S. Brady, the White House press secretary, cited an audit by the General Accounting Office that he said ''found that an incredible 88 percent of all claimants certified as eligible were either not disabled or else could not prove that they have black lung disease.''
In April, 1805 the party resumed its ascent of the Missouri, went around the Great Falls of Montana, crossed the Great Divide at Lemhi Pass in Idaho and went down the Clearwater, S nake and Columbia riversto the sea on the Oregon coast, where the win ter was spent, near whatis now Astoria.
These include the Southern states of Alabama, Georgia, Kentucky, Mississippi and North Carolina, the New England states of New Hampshire, Vermont, Maine and Rhode Island and Western states including Utah and Idaho.
As chairman of the Congress of Racial Equality, Roy Innis has frequently reviled police for what he called intentionally lax law enforcement in Harlem.
He said that when he first read news service accounts of it, ''I said, 'Why haven't I read this in The Post?'
It works somewhat like an ordinary phonograph in that the disk has a grooved surface traced by a stylus.
For summer, lacy designs in cool yarns such as cotton and linen are offered in great profusion this year.
The job of following changes in bank reserves is an hourly one, since many large money center banks turn over their reserve balance at the Fed dozens of times in a single day, and a delay in the clearing of one large payment could have a noticeable impact.
All along as he was growing up, I'd hug him and think, ''This, this is the right size.''
But you may have made your biggest mistake in releasing me.'
To ensure an ambience of authenticity, the show's organizers have laid down the rule that only genuine furniture and decorations made from 1640 through the 1840's can be put on display, and all items must have been made in America or imported for use here before 1840.
For Mayor Sheprow, the crowds and the changes may be inconveniences, but they are balanced by the benefits of growth to Port Jefferson.
If the breathing of the fish becomes abnormal, an indication of an environmental problem, the computer immediately sounds an alarm, indicating either that the water should be chemically tested or that the flow should be stopped.
But thundering bass [ TEXT OMITTED FROM SOURCE ]
Judge Mansfield said that ''the evidence was sufficient to allow the jury to convict Bronston of mail fraud'' because he had violated a ''duty of loyalty'' to his law firm's clients, concealed the conflict of interest and mailed two letters to promote ''the fraudulent scheme.''
Defense officials said that 36 missiles would be deployed as soon as they came off the assembly lines, probably in 1986, in sites to be decided by 1984.
Other gainers included the Flemish People's Party, which campaigned for full autonomy for the two language communities, the Flemishspeaking north and French-speaking Walloons in the south.
Thurmond Plans Hearings Both the Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission have shown interest in investigating the Du Pont proposal and late yesterday Senator Strom Thurmond, Republican of South Carolina and chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, said he would conduct hearings on the Conoco takeover.
''Don't get used to it.
Last year was a luau at which each of the women received a fresh flower as a gift.
For the pure virtuoso, the pressure must be lifelong and intense.
That, not a strip of strategic territory, is the commitment given by Israel's supporters.
At least he could prove to any doubters that a foreigner really had passed his way.
The Mets put him on the disabled list because (No.
Soman was waiting on the station platform at New Haven; he drove Flier to his office in the Farnum Building on the medical-school campus, where he had laid out on his desk a number of hospital records, data sheets and notebooks.
A female went to college so that she had something to do until she got married.
Then, last winter, the news swept from Wrightsville, over the Piedmont Plateau, up the Oconee River, over to Atlanta, and out to the world.
Significantly, the Warren-Sherman project has deliberately avoided become a city-@ or state-directed program, and, except for providing routine city services, there is no direct government money involved.
Exploring connections between the French leader's private and public lives, the film stars Ian Holm (the wily old trainer in ''Chariots of Fire'') as Napoleon, with Billie Whitelaw as Josephine.
One of the problems is that Habib Bourguiba, the President for Life, is said to have blocked potential successors or rivals from gaining independent positions of prominence.
It was Valentine's first homer as a Met and his fourth of the season, his previous one coming for the Montreal Expos against New York April 26.
We've played very well against this team over the last couple of years.''
At the same time, Superior disclosed that its directors had elected Fred C. Ackman as chairman of the board and chief executive officer, to succeed Mr. Reid.
The women paint, embroider and gamble in their separate quarters.
When she led a diamond, East ducked and it was all over.
From there is was two putts, a lag and then a two-foot putt.
Mr. Schweiker would now clamp a lid on Washington's share of the cost of long-term care under Medicaid by giving the states a lump sum.
''What's below is unimportant,'' said Blyth, a chunky Scot who lives near the ocean in Liskeard, Cornwall, in the southwest of England.
For instance, gasoline sells for about 15 cents a gallon in Saudi Arabia and about 21 cents in Venezuela.
Other Reservoirs in Good Shape While billing will not start for a year, ''people can take a look at just how much water they do use,'' Mr. Beste said.
Mr. Koch responded that ''I guess we can all improve,'' and attempted to explain the incident by saying he had used the word in an attempt to silence a white heckler ''and others who were with him.
In his dealings with people, he tended to be opportunistic and manipulative, repeatedly playing off one translator or collaborator against another, one potential star or director of his plays against one or several others.
This isn't much of a handicap if you shoot outdoors in good light where you can usually shoot at 1/125th of a second with an ASA 100 film.
New Rochelle, 30 Church Street; 632-2315.
Elsinore and Playboy Enterprises run the Playboy casino and hotel in Atlantic City.
''Egyptian fo reign policy remains unchanged,'' Mr. Baz said.
Today there is no one outside the White House who can say ''no'' to the Defense Department's weapons requests, which are transmitted annually in top-secret ''stockpile memorandum.''
At Laventhol & Horwath, a national accounting firm with headquarters in Philadelphia, employees who are away from home for more than a week can on a case-by-case basis fly home for the weekend, or even make it a four-day weekend at company expense.
It will be presented at the group's convention next spring in Honolulu.
It was served with lemon butter and parsley.
The use of even smaller plants - in the 750-to-1,000-ton range, which is the most commonly used capacity -would necessitate 25 such facilities to process our city's waste stream.
After all, how many of them are going to be pro players?
But the film makers have tackled these problems energetically.
In that season, back-to-back rainstorms, ice storms and snowstorms crippled the line.
Barrera was ecstatic with the decision.
You don't have to dress up like Priscilla Alden to prepare much of your Thanksgiving dinner right in the fireplace.
Feasible and Pragmatic ''We also learned,'' he continued, ''an important lesson from the urban investment program: to keep our goals feasible and flexible and to base them on a pragmatic appreciation of corporate resources, including but not limited to investments, in order to avoid raising pie-in-the-sky expectations either within our own ranks or in the public mind.''
The homesteader must own and occupy it for at least five years.
that many of the older men's collegiate associations enjoy at present.
Even when barely visible through the smog they signified grandeur, artifice, excitement, The City -everything the marshes and East Rutherford were not.
Markets The U.S. Treasury paid a record yield - an average of 14.56 percent - for new 14 1/2 percent, 10-year notes.
''There is a sound of irritation in the air in the film,'' he said, ''like iron grating on glass.
How does Miss McArdle think she has changed, as a performer, between ''Annie'' and the revue at the St. Regis-Sheraton?
Soon after he was brought here Nov. 8, Mr. Franklin granted several interviews to reporters who telephoned or visited the jail.
During a three-hour, three-martini talk, she gave me perfectly commonplace explanations to all of her mysteries.
Mr. Moses had been required to give up all of his official positions with the City of New York in 1959, when he assumed the presidency of the fair.
For instance, authorities estimate that there are two million illegal handguns in New York City.
In the semifinal Mayer lost the first set in vanquishing Mel Purcell, 3-6, 6-3, 6-2.
I return three times that day.
''If I make it through the pregnancy, I know the kid's going t o be all right.''
It's like a replay of last year.
The match ended after midnight and followed a 2 1/2-hour delay caused by a rainstorm that halted a quarterfinal match between Tim Mayotte of Springfield, Mass., and Ivan Lendl of Czechoslovakia.
''As we came out,'' she continued, ''I heard somebody screaming 'help,' but I never dreamed the firemen wouldn't be able to get them out.
As we bowl along at a conservative pace the great silver sheet of the Delaware comes into view.
Hours for the show are noon to 4 P.M., daily except Saturday.
The company, which has its headquarters at 1 Battery Park Plaza, is moving from 405 Park Avenue.
Eagleson said the annuities had been for athletes, artists, authors and entertainers ''who wanted to push their incomes ahead, gaining 17 to 20 percent.''
Demand Tapering Off Gold prices have been gradually drifting lower during most of the last three months.
The Red Sox, surprisingly, are in the middle of a four-team battle in the American League East for the right to play the Yankees, the first-half division winner.
With five games to go, Harris felt the Rockets needed to win all five to make the playoffs.
All of these things, plus operating conditions, which will be explained when the consultation process starts in Congress, are justified that this is the right decision.
After years of being painted over, this strip (about one-half to five-eighths of an inch wide) will not come out easily.
A Phelps Dodge spokesman said that workers would open the mine for the first time in 43 years after a new hoist was installed.
Corporate pilots interviewed last week seemed to be less concerned about the nighttime restrictions than were officials of the chamber.
Byrne Not Seeking Seat Mr. Byrne has indicated he will not try to serve the unexpired term himself.
The commission said the industry's troubles were caused less by Japanese imports than by the recession and changes in consumer tastes brought on by sharply higher fuel costs.
If South had read the position correctly and finessed, he would have been able to cash two spade winners and put West under pressure.
What's more, the stock market turns green and the bond market collapses.''
complaint issued Tuesday against them, the possibility of a settlement appears to be growing.
The co-chairmen of the panel are former Attorney General Griffin B.
Tonight's final ''That's the way it is'' on the CBS Evening News is a Media Event.
Senator Christopher J. Dodd, who made an unannounced trip to El Salvador this week, said today that he had been told by both sides in the Salvadoran conflict that they would be willing to begin an ''informal dialogue'' without preconditions.
Larry Triolo, the senior quarterback, ran in the extra points on the first two and McLaughlin ran in the extra point on the broken-play, a 6-yard pass from Triolo to Andrew Monjardo, the wingback, in the third period.
The beer will sell in bottles, and ''will not be among the cheaper brands,'' Mr. von Eckardt added.Convincing German beer drinkers to switch brands is not expected to be easy.
While the Schlitz management was thought to favor the Heileman bid, the feelings of the Uihlein family would be of major importance.
The king in this department is, of course, Francis Bacon, with a selection of heads and figures from the last 30 years.
''The French market is substantial, and Intel's obvious objective here is to penetrate that market,'' said James R. Berdell, a semiconductor industry analyst with Montgomery Securities Inc. here.
A few facsimiles of the volume are priced at $155.
Sabina Deitrick and James P. Rutherfurd attended the couple as maid of honor and best man.
Here she is, coming into a room at a party in London: ''The doorway was clear for a moment and as he watched it a girl who was coming through stopped on the threshhold and, before she passed into the room, paused and looked round at everyone.
But when, in the finale, women from the Feld Ballet, garbed in white gauze, danced in the snow around a pastel maypole to the final chords of Grieg's A Minor Piano Concerto, as the sun glinted through the clouds and the composer and his wife looked on -well, that's when the musical hero seemed just beginning to have his problems.
This usually keeps a room comfortable enough for a pet, he said.
2 and Britten's ''Nocturnal'' as well as shorter works by Dowland, Bacheler, Falla and Rodrigo.
He became executive vice president of the union in 1973.
''Harlan County, U.S.A.'' was a study of striking coal miners in Kentucky.
Net earnings would have been up 25.7 percent, to $638.6 million, and earnings per share would have been 25.5 percent ahead, to $5.12.
The Fourth Amendment did not make an exception in ''national security'' cases, or when the President decided to do an end-run around the courts.
Clearly some developments do reflect logical deductions from planned research.
In a way, this was part of the ritual, too.
He had just plopped down on the grass, wrapped the line around his big toe and popped the cap off a cool bottle of Peking Five Star beer, when the fish hit.
If much larger, cut the pieces in half.
Veto of Tax Bill Q. Mr. President, we know you don't like to tip your hand on legislation before the documents on your desk are dead, but Mr. Stockman, who speaks with great authority for the this Administration, and others who talked to you recently, say that you are considering a veto of the tax bill if it is changed substantially.
Now that we are back to guns-and-butter economic arguments, liberals will have to make a choice.
Hearings are being held on the suspension.
The diversely promising author-composer is trying to picture a cross-section of urban women on the edge of anguish, trapped in unrewarding relationships, oppressive marriages and various states of frustration.
The women, in black velvet and sequins and fur-trimmed lame, hailed each other with kisses and one word compliments--"stunning," "adorable"--while husbands and other escorts, in dinner jackets, smiled indulgently and shook hands with eah other.
Mr. Matsie's mother, Caroline, has to support two of her son's children and their mother, whom Mr. Matsie never married because he already had a family of his own to support.
There were 79 other child-care professionals sitting on conference chairs in the Renaissance Ballroom of the Holiday Inn on West 57th Street, and they had come to absorb and evaluate knowledge about the developing child.
''In their confessions, they describe a transient sensation of having become dual personalities, in which the 'evil' in their character goes rampant,'' these researchers found.
He said that the Dodger Stadium fans were just as unruly as those at Yankee Stadium and added that he resented the constant newspaper stories that maligned the residents of New York City.
By the time we returned our Moke we felt that we had exhausted Barbados.
If an older vessel, its walls made brittle by 10 or 15 years of radiation damage, were cooled down too fast, a crack would develop.
One mushroom adviser, Heinrich Lucke, gives seminars for beginners, including a mushroom meal, and offers weekend outings, and even a weeklong hunt for advanced students.
Dale Mitchell started to swing but held up.
Sleeping only a few hours a night since junior high, this loner often drives around before dawn in the college town of Athens in the $12,000 black Trans-Am his parents gave him.
Certainly Tom H. John's meticulous set at the Provincetown Playhouse does a lovely job of evoking the air of refined decadence in which Wilde and Douglas nurtured their ''love that dare not speak its name.''
''Nobody has to tell me what it is to be black,'' Mr. Jackson said.
He said that the flow of speculative capital into the precious metals market had increased in recent weeks as a result of low prices.
For purposes of the most direct comparisons, the evaluation might best be made between the two major bank cards, Visa and MasterCard, on the one hand, and the three major travel-and-entertainment cards, American Express, Diner's Club and Carte Blanche, on the other.
The Solicitor General's office, the unit in the Justice Department that represents the Federal Government before the Court, once managed to get the ''questioned presented'' down to just eight words: ''whether the double jeopardy clause applies to corporations.''
But on Saturday, it will be up to a floppy-eared colt to win Evans a place in history.
The Ringling circus has two units (this is the red), and each unit has 300 workers and performers, who travel in 43 railroad cars on two-year tours.
The department will also accept soybean curd or cottage cheese as a meat substitute, whether or not the children will.
''Sometimes it's so hard to keep going up there, to constantly have to prove yourself,'' she said later.
Within the Reagan ranks, an official said, ''Right now, some of these statements are being made in a vaccuum, masquerading as policy until policy can really be made.''
The basis for the forecasts reported by Miss Freedman were developed during discussions on the economy, unemployment, collective bargaining and political trends.
Let's not ignore the apparent sanctity of the largesse conferred by our Government on the peanut and on tobacco, the latter having negative social value and neither displaying much competitive export potential.
Then I worked in his gas station.
''We have to improve the club.
And shouldn't the purchaser of a $12.95 picture book be entitled to endpapers illustrated with delectable tomatoes at both ends?
Conrail has had a total subsidy since 1976 of more than $6 billion and it is estimated that it needs more than $300 million in additional funds this year to survive.
The account, previously with the Howard Goldstein Organization, has been billing about $50,000, according to Leading National Advertisers, but the client said it would spend more than $1 million next year.
They met at a Manhattan party during which a rum cake accidentally toppled off the top of the refrigerator.
''Likud still has a good hold on its base support.
On vacation on the Greek island of Skopelos in the Aegean Sea, I used to put the family on the small ferry boat that puttered around the coves to our favorite beach.
Opposed by every national newspaper, he worked feverishly, supported by a volunteer army of workers who shared his opposition to the Common Market, his commitment to unilateral nuclear disarmament and his advocacy of a sweeping new program of nationalization.
''If we don't deal with the third world in the right way, we may create new situations.
'' ''The Taif Report is not secret, nor is it a plot - it's a published document,'' the author said.
''Apparently my basic emotions at moments of sexual arousal,'' says the narrator, ''did not differ from those experienced during the more mundane events of the day.''
So far, Nigeria, a country of almost 70 million people in an area twice the size of California, has forged solid economic links with the West, purchasing technology to build an economic infrastructure and paying its bill with $30 billion in annual oil income.
However, records of the State's Department of Public Utilities show that at one point SCA had acquired as many as 19 concerns in the state and now owns 12.
But then it's not exactly a putdown, either.
The deputy oil minister, who asked not to be quoted by name, said he expected his country to increase the price of its oil by $4 a barrel, to $36, at the OPEC meeting, although he noted that it could be done ''in one or two stages.''
Cook about five minutes on one side.
Pope John Paul II appointed Monsignor Glemp to succeed Stefan Cardinal Wyszynski as Archbishop of Warsaw and Primate of Poland on July 7.
Carlos Reutemann of Argentina, Jones's teammate, turned in the second fastest time with an average of 102.613 m.p.h.
The antibodies produced by any clone are all identical.
Lexington Avenue between 45th and 47th Streets and 46th Street between Park and Lexington Avenues was closed to traffic, but city officials said the main should be repaired by this morning.
What events shape investor's expectations of inflation?
Prince charges that the county administration was shortsighted.
Clemson University's ''IPTAY'' fund-raising program began 48 years ago when a group of supporters collected $10,000 as part of an ''I Pay Ten A Year'' plan to assist the school's athletic program.
This was apparent as the nation's governors began three days of meetings in Washington.
The dressy styles can be paired with elaborate blouses and worn with bold jewelry.
The wailing in the Pentagon suggests that President Reagan is trying to cut defense spending.
The gathering had the earmarks of official sponsorship, at some level.
Somehow, despite the tremendous odds against them, some very accomplished works of art have managed to slip through the barriers.
From 1970 to 1975, he was, at various times, a Jets scout, a junior college and high school assistant coach and a real estate developer.
International The U.S. warned Japan against curbing vehicle shipments to the Common Market.
Well, I understand your assertion that was in the statement that in each instance you acted pursuant to counsel's advise that the course was, at least as they saw it, legal.
But they can be more thoughtfully designed, and technically they can work better than this.
Once it stalled as I was entering the Long Island Expressway, but it apparently was aware that this was carrying a joke too far and too dangerously, because it started again without requiring a dramatic ritual.
''I don't believe you will find anyone on the staff who doesn't have great respect for him,'' said Barbara Lampen, a planner in the commission's Trenton office.
So let us enjoy the current phase, for the luxury of having time to reflect, rediscover and savor is rare indeed.
The division, with about 630 employees, operates the OTB parlors, the Teletrack Theater, and the weekly, daily, and instant lottery games.
''This is an insolent action,'' the note said, adding that ''it does not contribute'' to the ongoing mediation effort by Pope John Paul II to settle a boundary dispute between the two countries in the Beagle Channel, near the southern tip of South America.
Not all the students to be transferred under the plan would be bused.
- Little or no training of prospective foster parents, leaving them ill-equipped to deal with children from disrupted, troubled homes.
However, many an American drop-back passer has failed in Canada, and the Alouettes have taken on something of a risk in signing Ferragamo to the richest contract in the Canadian league's history.
Indiana's Hoosiers were unwilling to become, tall, frustrated chess pieces.
What, one wonders, does Mrs.
6 Proposals to Consider The C.F.A.
Another thinks Vietnam was a positive experience for her husband, giving him stamina and discipline.
Mr. Regan said the broader legislation would provide short-term help for the thrift industry, and would help it resolve its broader problems.
He did not respond to telephone messages left with his office here.
Yet another symphony from the fateful year of 1911 is Szymanowski's Second, a score cast in a vaguely neo-Baroque idiom that clearly owes a lot to Max Reger.
In Mr. Westcott's hands, every moment of these three selections from ''Annees de Pelerinage'' was worth experiencing, and their cumulative effect was simply transcendent.
''Big is no longer beautiful,'' said Richard Kessel, the director of Long Island Consumer Action, a group that has been collecting signatures for the creation of a Long Island Authority.
A spokesman for the board said the collapse, at Public School 196 at 207 Bushwick Avenue, in the Williamsburg section, was attributed to demolition across the street.
In the women's competition, however, Tracee Talavera of the United States lost her balance on the beam, slipped off and the resulting low score of 9.05 cost her a chance for the championship.
The unexpected appointment has not been formally announced but is scheduled to become effective in mid-May.
The investigators also believe that some oil companies may have understated their production, for royalty payment purposes, in reports filed with the Geological Survey.
The ex-hostage who wants to count curveballs or keep track of how often the Brewers play hit-and-run is going to find it extremely hard to concentrate.
Meanwhile, three hydrogen-powered main engines will continue to accelerate the shuttle, and at 8 minutes 32 seconds after liftoff, the last of the hydrogen and oxygen stored in the huge external tank will be exhausted.
''Yes, the 18th-century fortepiano was a softer instrument, but so, too, were the gut strings of the violin and the cello.
While they are sometimes innovative, they usually lack commercial feasibility because of the academic attitudes toward software.
BROOKLYN Deauville Hotel - $1.5 million to convert Sheepshead Bay Hotel into conference center and health club.
The Scott Paper Company said it had acquired Amer ican Convenience Products Inc. of Milwaukee, a producer of paper prod ucts for the food service market.
Darryl Mitchell and Mark Hall were high scorers for Minnesota with 14 points apiece.
That, she said, is something she had always wanted to do, and, as an added inducement, she offered to bring along and play some of her own European-made records that have never been released in the United States.
And so his dancers look like Ailey dancers and never like dancers not quite at home in a classical line.
Drain the pasta and add it to the casserole.
Experience has demonstrated that temporizing, equivocation and delay in dealing with terrorists only invite terrorism.
From 1957 to 1967, Mrs. Bartenieff worked as a dance therapist and research assistant in nonverbal behavior at the Day Hospital of the Albert Einstein Medical College, developing a system of observation and notation of patient behavior using Laban movement-analysis techniques.
These 1980 expenses are now paying off, analysts say.
The reshuffle was less sweeping than had been demanded by party reformers.
WHITE PLAINS ASHAFT of sunlight falls on the green felt of a craps table, reflects off a nearby marbelized wall mirror.
''The United States, along with the vast majority of nations, has condemned and remains opposed to the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan,'' President Reagan said in announcing the action.
His sons, Assaf, a film maker, and Ehud, a farmer, stood as if wounded.
As a result, the antitrust and consumer protection agency is spending more time fending off enemies than in pursuing its basic work.
They took me to Porterville, but they'd removed everything up there, like the fact that I'd thrown up.
''Nicholas Nickleby'' has sold out, gone clean, as they say, for the remainder of its run, which ends Jan. 3.
''There was divided counsel,'' this official said.
's price reductions ''on routes that are competitive.''
More common in West Bengal, in India, this arrangement gives the tenant two-thirds of the output of the land and the landlord one-third.
Angels, Mr. Wilson informs us, figured not only in Christianity and Judaism, but also in classical myth and philosophy, in Zoroastrianism, Hinduism, Buddhism, Taoism and Islam as well.
But for his latest tour, Mr. Clinton has assembled a remarkable array of talent, including a number of the musicians who helped him create the distinctive P-Funk sound over the years.
The victory was the fifth straight for Kansas City and its eighth in a row at home.
He also generated some 20 new jobs.
This summer, Mr. Reeve is one of a multitude of ''names'' working at the Williamstown Theater Festival.
LIKE most Southerners I adore catfish.
Revenues rose 3.7 percent, to $6.72 billion, from $6.48 billion in the third quarter of 1980.
Small banks, afraid of being squeezed out, are resisting, and now they have a powerful ally in the new chairman of the Senate Banking Committee, Jake Garn, Republican of Utah.
In consequence, even the tiny, ultralight magnets used in these new earphones control the sound-generating vibrations with extreme accuracy, resulting in faithful sound.
Some of the reductions will come in the heavily traveled Northeast corridor; trains running between Washington and New York are to be reduced from 27 a day to 24; New York-Boston service will be cut back from 10 a day to 9.
Each law provided ''an integrated system of procedures for enforcement,'' Justice Stevens said, concluding that ''the judiciary may not, in the face of such comprehensive legislative schemes, fashion new remedies that might upset carefully considered legislative programs.''
The shop has a vast array of its own products, including such specialties as a setting liquid for unruly eyebrows and a nongreasy eyelash conditioner to be used under mascara.
If he does well there, he may consider training for the 1984 Winter Olympics in Yugoslavia.
The department's previous Russian grain forecast was 185 million tons.
What had happened, of course, was that Hitler had become Chancellor of Germany; and with that fact, reality had changed.
Thirteen more refugees are scheduled to be deported tomorrow.
This council has been a failure; it has been totally ineffective in controlling inflation and it's imposed unnecessary burdens on labor and business.
He got the message of the Book of Jonah exactly backwards.''
Yesterday's hearing was held to determine whether the woman, an airline stewardess known in the argot of Family Court only as L. Pamela P., had sufficient resources for the task.
And the recorded sound, although only in mono, is still satisfying.
''It was supposedly brought to Lancashire by Flemish weavers in the 14th century.
With runners at first and second and two outs, Benny Alaya singled to left field for his third hit of the night.
The tree gets its name from reddish brown bark.
So the storm signals are up.
Spirituality aside, you don't have to be macrobiotic to enjoy a satisfying and soothing meal at the new Souen (pronounced SOO-en), a far better and more amiable place than its dark, crowded and mediocre original on Upper Broadway.
We're responsible for them, they need a caring eye.
The '68, the best of them all, had been wiped out.
The most important art offerings in the sale are sculptures from the same collection - but not from Mentmore -and all three lots are expected to sell for up to $120,000.
The Soviet Union was said to be unhapppy with the reference to other guerrilla groups.
''When he was fired,'' Jeff Torborg says, ''Frank was a much better manager than when he was hired.''
One of the funny paradoxes about Mr. Reagan is that, unlike most of the recent White House tenants, he has never pretended that he could handle all the intricacies of foreign and domestic policy without a strong, experienced and united team of advisers.
There is a hard core of 4,000, about a quarter of the strength of Salvador's security force.
Precisely what rate of growth, over what period of time, for example, would mathematically justify a P/E of 20?
Three-quarters of them, he said, have venereal disease.
If the Consumer Price Index comes in at 7 or 8 percent this year, rather than 10 or 12 percent, workers may be satisfied with wage increases totaling perhaps 7 percent, rather than 10 percent.
Nevertheless, the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, concerned about Soviet incursions in southwest Asia, voted 10 to 7 last May to grant the exemption sought by the Administration.
Karl C. Kuivinen of the University of Nebraska at Lincoln is the operational leader.
But the future will also be exciting and bring great opportunities for colleges that define their roles clearly and plan well.''
Who is buying used cars these days?
Under the Reagan agreement, the recruiting efforts would be confined to two years, rather than five, from the time the exam was replaced, but the special recruiting would not cease if any agency reached the 20 percent figure in two years.
''If any enemy tries to rebuild or develop weapons of mass destruction,'' he said, ''Israel will destroy these weapons.
Sam Tucker stands by his bridge table for a few minutes before folding it up.
''I never think about not being able to do anything.
Rest assured that you will be served ultimately, if not in this life then certainly in the next.
The computer company had run into problems before.
To the Editor: No one who read Ann L. Buttenwieser's May 23 Op-Ed article, ''Floating an Old Idea,'' could fail to see the sense in her premise.
At least in this one case, we can understand Miss Alex ander's aloofness as sheshrinks from an attempted embrace.
''A year ago we were trying to get support to double our capacity, but we couldn't get the oil companies to provide the guarantees we needed to finance the expansion.
I went home and phoned the saloon.
Then, about a week ago, he received the flak jacket, and his confidence began to return.
Since he has always had a reputation for moral rectitude, it may come as no surprise that Roger Staubach, who retired last year as the Dallas Cowboys' quarterback, has lent his name to a fund-raising drive for an organization that fights what it calls smut on television.
Lessening of Demands Sought Health insurance premiums paid by employers are now tax-exempt.
Mr. Bates's etched designs are reminiscent of Southwestern American Indian signs with their bold geometric forms.
We used to be adventure-oriented as well.
In folding Tonight, The News effectively surrenders afternoon readers to The New York Post, which in the last three years has spent the financial resources of its publisher Rupert Murdoch securing the P.M. turf.
Ironically, several weeks before the incident, after an embarrassing 35-2 loss to Fort Valley State, a group of seniors met with Reed.
On the contrary, I had built up a healthy store of resentment against it for having insulted and patronized me and on occasion having stood in the way of my advancement.
Some commercial concoctions contain as much as 50 percent air.
I have an honorable agreement with Sam Glass of Tiffany and a written agreement with Mike Jones and Dennis Rappaport, the managers of Cooney.
The sun shone some the second day, more on the third and fourth.
At this economic level, any disaster -an illness, a car repair, a broken water pipe - can knock a budget off balance.
The warm promises of backing bolstered Sam M. Church Jr., the head of the United Mine Workers union, as he addressed a sometimes hostile crowd in Pittsburgh.
Mrs. Gorsuch talks glibly about increasing productivity through better management and less nuisance regulation.
Some of the older moviemakers are perplexed.
Seventy students at Seoul National University were arrested yesterday by the police and Government authorities in the first major student protests since Chun Doo Hwan became President.
Reluctant to put their ships into expensive mothballing, they have resorted to keeping them longer at sea.
''That third period was wide open,'' he said.
Peasants provide the leftist revolutionary forces with a significant portion, if not most, of their support.
By late May there were enough boats on the horizon to resemble an oncoming squall line.
One bore a bottle of champagne with a cluster of tennis balls tied around it.
They had come in on the wave of Yves Saint Laurent's Russian peasant look five years ago and they lingered a bit but, as fashions always do, finally faded from center stage.
His wife was allowed to visit him for two weeks.
She is a very bright lawyer and she expects the same of those who practice before her.''
Caribbean nations will remember that John F. Kennedy's Alliance for Progress lost its priority in Washington as soon as the United States changed its perception of the Soviet Union.
After Mr. Guillaume's arrest in 1974, Mr. Brandt resigned as Chancellor.
The former department store site is the most illustrious addition to Sterling Equities, Inc., Mr. Wilpon's prosperous but low key company that, in addition to New York, owns property in Houston, Jacksonville, Atlanta, Chicago, Kansas City and St. Louis.
Officials who appeared to recognize an element of genuine tension and disillusionment in the earlier riots have come down increasingly hard on the recent disturbances as ''simple criminal hooliganism.''
Subcommittee documents describe them as F.D.A.
Steve Henderson hit his fourth homer in the fifth after Bill Buckner singled.
He had been the White House press secretary under President Roosevelt, and an adviser to President Truman.
Signs throughout the company's offices and factories have slogans reading, ''Stay No.
The recordings will be kept and gleaned in particular for insights on ''how people come to know themselves better by reflecting on their past,'' Miss Maguire said.
Mr. Thompson was a partner in his own firm, D.L.
The Coordinating Council for Handicapped Children, based in Chicago, has fashioned a ''Let Them Eat Crab Meat'' newsletter campaign from the incident and reports considerable interest among members of Congress and the public.
Conagra remains strong and steady in grain merchandising and is the largest supplier of flour to commercial bakers.
Fifty percent of the cost of a new facade is covered by development funds, while the rest paid for by the building owner with the help of a low-interest loan.
A floor trader in the nearby heating oil futures pit, where the volume yesterday was 8,727 contracts, offered another reason for the new leaded gasoline futures.
Earlier in the afternoon, Susan Brownell of Virginia won the women's heptathlon with 5,366 points, 156 more than Debbie Deutsch of Rutgers.
On second down, from the shotgun, Hudak threw on the run to Brian Crockett in the corner of the end zone for a touchdown.
It was re-released in the summer of 1980 in a slightly shorter version, re-edited by Mr. Spielberg and called a ''special edition.''
Carefully groomed, resplendently suited, with attache case in hand, Mr. Caltabiano seems representative of a new and businesslike breed of young professionals.
While Friday is a Federal holiday, there will be one mail pickup and delivery.
Fiction Is Snubbed Great literary works rarely find their way into this market.
The R.O.T.C., which pursues a curriculum designed to prepare students for eventual military service, was first proposed at Post in 1970, but failed to win the support of the faculty, which reaffirmed its original opposition last year.
I think that's a possibility.''
Mr. Henry, a former member of the Royal Navy who marched in the parade when Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip were married in 1947, says he includes the picnic lunch because he expects any restaurant that is open near the wedding route to be mobbed.
''If you get lost,'' my mother always said, ''find a policeman and he will help you home.''
Felt and Mr. Miller had ''acted not with criminal intent, but in the belief that they had grants of authority reaching to the highest levels of Government.''
Western diplomats said the pact was apparently designed to challenge the American military presence in the Persian Gulf and also in the region of the Indian Ocean.
South Carolina State had the most players drafted from among the black schools, five, and also the player drafted in the highest round, Robert Geathers, a defensive tackle taken by Buffalo in the third round.
Francesco Piastra Blond Lieutenant .
Shortly after the hostages' arrival, she said, a young marine came up to her, and referring to the length of their captivity, asked: ''Why didn't you come and get us?''
Looking at the last five years, many of these men see the undoing of Franco's labors and the disintegration of what they call the fatherland.
He said, ''We work and we pay taxes and they should be able to go to school.''
In putting this picture together, the author develops several fascinating speculations.
Ernie asks, on one of his early glimpses of the wild, and it takes him an authentically long time to make up his mind.
He will lower the taxes of the single-home owners.
''If, in fact, the Iran-Iraq situation doesn't improve by the end of the first quarter, prices for petroleum are going to be very volatile,'' Lawrence Goldstein of the Petroleum Industry Research Foundation, an industry-sponsored group, said.
The Advent Corporation, which has been operating under Chapter 11 of the Federal Bankruptcy Act since March, said that it had filed a proposed plan of reorganization with the United States Bankruptcy Court.
The growth for the nation as a whole is projected at 17 percent.
Catherine D. and her former husband, identified as ''Thomas D.,'' were married in 1966 and divorced in June 1979.
We have to give the President a chance, he's doing the best he can.''
Serious Issues Seen Mr. Swartz added that ''by denying the courts jurisdiction to hear challenges, the President is seeking authority to act above the law,'' raising ''serious constitutional issues.''
If Senators took things personally, we'd be mad at each other all the time.''
The reason the fire inspector showed up in the first place was that Mr. Koch had ordered a review of safety standards in all municipal buildings in the wake of the recent fatal fires at the Stouffer's Inn in Westchester County and the MGM Grand Hotel in Las Vegas.
''Now I have to figure out a kicker.''
''In pure dollars, Medicaid is the fastest single growth area in the budget,'' Robert Uher, the county's budget director, said last week.
''These new increases confirm that pricing is now accepted by Kodak's management as a weapon for keeping margins up,'' Brian Fernandez, an analyst with the First Manhattan Company, said.
Britain and France added their own denunciations, but West Germany, fearful of losing important East European trade, exhibited what a German newspaper called ''astonishing reserve.''
''The bottom line,'' he said, ''is that, despite some internal turmoil, it's a unique living experience in a large city.
''I took this two-bit job and look what I come out with,'' said the agent, who has been on the force less than a year.
Mr. Murphy was acquitted of bribery but convicted of taking money in the form of an unlawful gratuity - as well as conspiracy and conflict of interest - and he faced up to five years.
Bill Hallahan of the St. Louis Cardinals was the starting and losing pitcher for the National League.
But when Berbick studied the letter overnight, he said it was not for the full amount and announced, ''I want all my money before I fight.''
official said, ''It looked like the car almost got stuck in the bunker.''
''Friends are kind and solicitous and think they have to give the poor man a home-cooked meal,'' said Mr. Sureck, whose publicrelations accounts include GEO magazine.
The most versatile camera for taking family holiday pictures is the 35mm Single-lens-reflex.
If brown patches appear on the lawn, digging up a spadeful will usually indicate whether this is due to Japanese beetle grubs.
The Hart of the Wud and the Littl Shyning Man the Addom they cant live without you get the knowing of them nor you cant get the knowing of them til you kil the 1 and open up the other.
It tilts the tax system against savings and toward consumption.
His previous marriage ended in divorce.
With the new system - nearly operational in three Upper West Side postal zones - no checks and no food-stamp authorizations will be printed or mailed.
In those films, he complained to me soon after we first met, ''I tried to play characters that were distinct, true to the characters as written.
Said Condon: ''Under the Tiffany-King promotion, there is no chance the fight would take place at the Garden.
The Anastasia Condominium, which has two- and three-bedroom furnished units on the ocean, with pool and tennis courts, charges from $250 a week.
The future bride, an alumna of the Masters School and Pine Manor Junior College, was graduated cum laude from William Smith College.
Despite their presidential titles, both report to the company's vice chairman and chief operating officer, Alan J. Hirschfield.
Both said today that they were confident they could sell the contract before their memberships vote on it in the next week or two.
Traveling in these circles, he has developed an inclination to invest his work with more subtext than text, more indirect than direct meaning.
Men are infrequent guests, except at the Wednesdaynight co-ed seminars.
A hearing on the case will be held June 11.
Simple but adequate food is available in the dining room, with a lunch or dinner of salad, roast meat, fruit and wine costing about $20 a person.
The Libyan colonel said there would be no farewell parade and his pullout would be total.
This is the stronger argument.
In addition to industry and the tin mines, the Strait of Malacca is one of the world's busiest waterways, with more than 4,500 ships, many carrying oil to Japan, passing through monthly.
Mr. Ravitch attributed the current problem both to the public and their elected officials: the officials, because they were lulled by a lengthy period of economic expansion into taking the politically comfortable position of building new facilities while ignoring the old, and the public, because it has come to take such services as water, sewage, roads and transportation as a given.
Or is it acting out of selfinterest?
A New Jersey friendship quilt has dates from 1845 to 1848 inscribed on it.
This is always a risk, so quickly and unpredictably does weather change on Mount Washington.
Now the area is undergoing a transformation that is not only changing its skyline but also, slowly, bringing it to life in other ways.
Individuals, he said, might rather work for pay rather than without pay, even if the difference in disposable income was only a few dollars a month.
After the truck had left the avenue, I saw an uneven trail of litter memorializing its progress.
''With things like gas deregulation, we're starting to see solar is not some far-out notion, but a very real way to keep energy costs manageable.''
But it knew that wage concessions to Chrysler would create pressure for similar concessions to other auto companies.
But these houses were practical and well-designed, and they possessed a degree of common sense that was frequently lacking in their counterparts of the 1960's and 1970's.
Time itself is totally confused.
The Friends of Animals, an anti-hunting group based in Monmouth County, has objected to extended hunting.
Analysts suggest that Sir Maurice, a critic of the Thatcher Government's policy of high interest rates, may have used the dividend announcement as a political salvo, fired shortly before the Government's budget was to be announced.
Pork belly futures prices fell as much as 1.30 cents a pound, with the February contract closing at 69.45 cents a pound, largely a correction following recent increases in prices, according to Bob Kuhn, livestock analyst for Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith in Chicago.
From time to time we've been tempted to believe that society has become too complex to be managed by self-rule, that government by an elite group is superior to government for , by and of the people.
This is an an innovative approach, emphasizing Government stimulation of production rather than consumption, that sounds appealing, whether or not it is put into practice by the Reagan Administration and proves ultimately successful.
Today, more than 50 percent of all women over the age of 16 are in the work force, but under the current system they will still be penalized for their sex.
Pass Pass Pass West led the diamond two.
The French country inn ambience is well served by a knowledgeable staff and a French menu that changes with the seasons.
ERNEST R. BARRA, Woodmont, Conn.
The allegations are scheduled for discussion at a hearing Tuesday.
He interspersed recollections of his New York boyhood with essays on politics and folkways.
But on June 7 there was new tension when Israel conducted a surprise attack against an Iraqi nuclear reactor outside Baghdad, charging that the Iraqis were secretly planning to build an atomic bomb.
When we meet him he is trying to live out his last years on a Caribbean island called Isle des Chevaliers.
Twice a year, new collections are developed and presented in mammoth shows to the press, some important clients and manufacturers, who pay for the privilege of reproducing the styles.
One common cause of this is a radiator inlet valve that is not all the way open - on steam radiators the valve should be either all the way open or all the way closed.
The problems will be indicated clearly, but Atlantic City's hopes also will be clearly defined.''
His father is with the Metropolitan Transit Authority.
Entered at Philadelphia Walker was supposed to make his college track debut last weekend in a triangular meet against Ohio State and Kent State at Columbus, Ohio.
ANDRE PREVIN having dropped out of his engagement because of an onset of conductor's elbow, the duty and pleasure of leading the New York Philharmonic fell last night to Rafael Kubelik, an old friend of the orchestra.
That's because it believes in free speech, privacy and other liberties for all Americans, including Mr. Meese.
His material was so powerful he had no need to scream for attention.
Moseby followed with his fifth homer.
Here is a tradition embalmed that must be brought to life again.
A recent Nova program ''The Pinks and the Blues'' documented how girls and boys are treated differently from birth - the boys always encouraged in more physical kinds of play, more active explorations of their environments.
Mr. Flournoy has now retired, effective yesterday, and wellwishers recalled how he won fame by defying, for a time, orders to shut down the notorious but locally loved ''Chicken Ranch,'' a house of ill repute believed to have been in constant operation since 1844.
Mentally ill people are the lowest priority in terms of how money is spent.
She's simply a girl with long yellow hair on the loose, and if she's going to make any move at all she's going to have to pluck it out of her private resources.
The proposals reportedly included ambitious plans by concerns such as the Helmsley Organization, Milstein Properties, Olympia and York Properties, Portman Properties and Cadillac-Fairview.
''I wanted it as soon as I read it,'' he said.
When you consider the mammoth task of serving 600 people, I would say the results were quite good, although the soups that began each dinner were rarely hot enough for my liking and the meats could not rival American fare.
A handful of families, pensioners, people waiting for buses, watched too as the parade went past, staring, keeping quiet, moving on.
Yet in 1956 as today, the argument was that the only way to meet a perceived threat from an Arab state was to strike first.
New York State, for example, has four in separate jurisdictions.
The 7,412-acre center employs 3,375 people, most of whom work in an industrial capacity.
The idea, Mr. Rohatyn said, is also to give the city one more ''instrument'' through which to obtain money.
Also, hardware vendors can always develop their own programs to compete with those who write programs to run on their machines.
A second frightening proposal in its implications for women is the sharp reduction planned in retirement benefits for those who apply before they reach 65.
Kimono-clad women in a row, overscale heads with elaborate hairdos, flowers and butterflies were some of the themes.
How many riots take place in January?
While we are pleased with gains by agricultural products, Fisher Controls and by the significant turnaround in textiles, we continue to work for improvement in other parts of our operations.''
Ten heads of embassy stayed away, including the United States charge d'affaires, Jack F. Matlock Jr. Last year, 16 stayed away.
''I've been coaching Syracuse for five years and was an assistant for seven,'' he said, ''and no one at Syracuse has ever complained before about officials.
Filling out the instrumentation that he has maintained since he started 25 years ago - trumpet, tenor saxophone, bass, drums and his own piano - Mr. Silver's auditions brought him Dennis Irwin on bass and Ralph Moore, a London-born graduate of Berklee College in Boston, on tenor saxophone.
During times of crisis, as in the workers' anti-Government riots in 1956, 1970 and 1976, he used his authority to plead for calm, apparently fearing above all that civil disorder in Poland could provoke Soviet intervention.
Ryan now has a 10-4 record and leads the league with a 1.74 earned run average.
Giorgio Chinaglia scored both goals for the Cosmos.
At 2:30 P.M., the blue-chip barometer was off 20 points at 975.59, its low for the session.
He was sentenced last week to one year's unsupervised probation.
Admission is $2; teen-agers, $1; and children under 12, 50 cents.
But they were stopped by double plays in the first and second, and Andre Dawson and Larry Parrish batted a total of seven times with men on, and advanced none.
There is nothing like being in fine fettle to put a man on his mettle.
Secretary of Defense Caspar W. Weinberger declared last night that the United States would try to find ''bits and pieces for agreement'' in any plan for peace in the Middle East, but that it would insist on formal explicit recognition of Israel's right to exist.
The marriage of Laura Patrick Knickerbocker, a writer, to James Bartlett Lloyd, an assistant vice president with the New York office of Banque de l'Indochine et de Suez, took place at the Episcopal Church of the Heavenly Rest yesterday.
This has not happened in New York, however, because deadlines have repeatedly been extended and the act amended.
Kit Saunders, director of women's athletics at the University of Wisconsin.
He graduated from St. John's School of Law and began his labor career as a member of the organizing committee of the textile workers in 1937.
But she had xuexi in her eyes.
Asarco Inc. said it had signed formal agreements with institutional investors covering the previously announced issuance by the company of $140 million of preferred stock.
There is complimentary mini-bus service to downtown shopping, a heated pool and sauna, an outdoor jogging track, a squash court and several restaurants.
Phyllis Bryn-Julson, soprano; Paul Esswood, counter-tenor; John Cheek, bass-baritone; Musica Sacra Chorus and Orchestra led by Richard Westenburg.
McTear will compete in the 55-meter dash.
''I suggest that for many priests,'' his letter said, ''the lack of physical intimacy, which is supposed to assure their availability to loving service, is in fact an exhausting, debilitating privation which makes them less healthy, less creative and less giving.''
At an industry convention last week in Reno, Mr. Auerbach spoke of a ''crisis of control'' in the movie industry but did not mention ''Heaven's Gate'' by name.
That hearing involves, Eve Rosahn, the owner of a getaway car used in the robbery, and four other persons in connection with a violent demonstration at Kennedy International Airport a month ago against the Springboks, a South African rugby team.
Even the most ardent supporters of the proposed equal rights amendment to the Federal Constitution are conceding that there is little chance this year of adding to the 35 states that have ratified the measure.
... Robert Rosenblum, professor of art history at New York University, has won this year's Frank Jewett Mather award of the College Art Association, the country's leading professional group of art historians and artists, for ''distinction in art and architectural criticism.''
''John (Dexter) does brilliant work and not so brilliant work,'' said Levine soon after he assumed full artistic powers under the new administrative setup.
But ''The Greatest American Hero'' gets off to an unusually appealing start.
From the south the route is a little more direct - from Toulouse through Montauban to Rodez, and then up the Valley of the Dourdou on Departmentale 601.
And the reason it's a sleeper is the progress to date has not depended on Congressional action but by use of the existing administrative power of the President.
Bring to the boil and let simmer two minutes.
The Reagan Administration declared its opposition today to legislation that would give builders of proposed coal-slurry pipelines the power of eminent domain to acquire rights of way for their systems.
Since 1877, the fund has provided two-week summer vacations for more than one million underprivileged boys and girls.
And if you play awhile, the only satisfaction is winning and then going to the Super Bowl.
Both had been shot in the head.
A former Peace Corps volunteer, Judy Hudson was finishing a telephone call in her office at Dana Hall.
Skying out and meeting Todd, Perelman shocked him: ''The truth is, Mike, no matter how many times I've tried to read 'Don Quixote,' I've never been able to get beyond Page Six.
Native Polish skepticism will not be dispelled soon again.
The bras come plain or lacy styles, in A or AA cups, priced from $6.50 to $12 at Macy's.
That schedule has apparently been shortened.
''Zalusky, now 53, played with the Cubs in 1901 and the Yankees in 1903.
The Senate's budget plan also includes $25 million more in school aid, $58 million more in a welfare increases and $260 million more in revenue sharing than the Democrats' program.
Besides the impact on laid-off employees, the state and local agencies and community-based organizations employing them would sustain a loss of their services, forcing cutbacks in libraries, schools, parks and other programs.
The father, 25-year-old John Powers, had been missing since July 12, when the infant, Jodi, was taken from New York Hospital by her mother, Pat, 23.
The Daily News quoted sources as saying that agents had uncovered no evidence of criminal wrongdoing.
Brave and empty threats of canceling out the season and not playing in 1982 accomplish nothing.
Cincinnati rebounded with one run in the bottom of the inning on a double by Ray Knight but Bob Castillo earned his fourth save to protect the victory for Dave Stewart (3-0), who took over for Valenzuela in the ninth.
The victory was Clauser's first in nearly three years on the circuit.
''It's like you've been in the trenches for a year.
The unanimous vote yesterday gave Mr. Hunt ''specific authority to receive, possess or transport in commerce a firearm.''
For instance, it was not until last week that a formula for interagency committees was agreed upon; as a result, until now, while numerous papers have been written within the bureaucracy, there have been no formal discussions on how to proceed, officials said.
Mr. Kistler said the French Government, which already has an interest in the par ent Paribas group, could retain an indirect stake in Paribas (S uisse) through an exchange of shares.
In this prolonged dialogue, there is a hint of an idea.
He made it on 72, with one stroke to spare.
- The gross sales of all businesses in 1977 totaled $4,103 billion, a 60.8 percent increase from the $2,551 billion of 1972.
The idea that an artist's achievement can be illuminated by his or her private life is Mr. Russell's favorite motif.
William Swindells Jr., the 51-year-old president of Willamette Industries, a wood and paper products producer, has been named to the additional position of chief executive officer, effective Jan 1.
Freeman McNeil and Marion Barber, the running backs who are the Nos.
The witness, a slight man with a high-pitched voice who grinned continually while on the witness stand, was unfazed.
A city editor of The Chicago Tribune admitted that a 17-year-old student editor had broken a story that his own reporters had tried to uncover for months on pornographic filmmaking by a youth syndicate.
Larry Lawrence of Dartmouth led all scorers with 18; Mark Woods had 16 for the Terriers (2-9).
''To cheat in any way,'' he said, ''would destroy the whole purpose of the journey.''
The new theory is that cutting tax rates 30 percent will provide an enormous incentive to work, save and invest, promoting growth while trimming inflation.
Bankers is the eighth-largest banking organization in the United States.
Texas Instruments dropped 4 1/2 points, to 111.
The guidelines encourage fairly flat facades, but suggest strong stone bases and tops made elaborate by setbacks or even by architectural ornament.
No Elaboration From Conoco Conoco has not offered a full explanation as to why it rejected the Seagram offer and has said only that its directors did not consider the offer to be in the best interests of its shareholders.
I needed mail daily, even if it just said ''occupant.''
Some of the times my putting just killed me, the way it did two weeks ago in the British Open.''
Mr. Sileven says that Nebraska is one of only eight states have laws requiring teachers in church schools to be accredited, and that six of those states do not enforce the laws.
''Picture the scene when a New York cabdriver cuts in to take the fare of a Newark driver who had been waiting two or three hours.''
But recently a letter signed ''Friend of a Friend'' threatened to contamination of that reservoir with polyvinylchloride if unspecified ransom was not paid to a local woman who had lost a lawsuit against the borough.
Use in place of black peppercorns to season any dish.
Most of the projects are to be completed within the next 60 days.
Today's Columns Defense procurers are alarmed over the financial health of many small businesses that are vital suppliers to major arms contractors.
Married workers earn more than single workers doing the same job.
Power mowers, one of the most widely used outdoor power tools, are probably responsible for more accidents than any other piece of equipment around the house.
To some analysts, this signaled a possible peaking of interest rates, although similar forecasts have repeatedly been inaccurate.
''Ronald Reagan doesn't forget his friends,'' Mr. Nofziger replied.
However, in an interview, Dr. Bell conceded that those who have had psychotherapy may have more insights into their relationships with their parents.
The TV picture and introductory line were on a pamphlet mailed to 300,000 Democratic homes.
''On duty they have no problem getting along,'' an armored infantry officer said.
Also, the nondisabled person is distressed by the realization that despite all the skills of modern medicine, ''There is someone who did not get well,'' he said.
Fill the tanks with gasoline.
At the same time, even those scores never used before by choreographers are apt to feature the inherent dance pulse for which Tchaikovsky is famous.
Joan Nunke, assistant principal for physical and health education, said problems of budget cuts and a faculty reduced to 114 - only seven of them black - had meant fewer electives than either the school or its students would like.
They often provide free doses until a victim requires heroin more than food.
Following the sale, several dealers commented that English furniture had been undervalued for decades before it began climbing steadily in price more than 10 years ago.
''I didn't want them to forget me,'' he said, smiling.
The flutist Marya Martin assisted in the program, as did Judith Davidoff, on the viola da gamba.
His boots made Vincent van Gogh's look like Gucci loafers.
The cost of controlling inflation is much greater in the United States.
He said that the rescued crew members were on different ships, making it difficult to confirm their identities and conditions.
''The basic reality of working in a big studio,'' he says, ''is that the work is extremely expensive and extremely complex and you must produce a movie that makes money.
Some of the sobering points in his letter have in fact, been picked up recently in other publications.. One is, for instance, reminded of the ephemeral nature of a dancer's career in two separate interviews with Antoinette Sibley of Britain's Royal Ballet, whose career as a classical ballerina was cut short by injury a few years ago.
Puerto Rico's continued economic growth is important to the nation not only as a part of the country's domestic policies but also as a part of the Administration's foreign policy objectives in the Caribbean as well.
Her stepfather is a news correspondent with CBS.
Mr. Kelly pointed to the guillotine-like sluice dams that stop the creeks' waters to make them navigable for ducks at low tide.
''Last year we built 30 houses.
Gold closed in Zurich at $427.50 a troy ounce, up $2 from Friday.
Open Mondays through Fridays from 10 to 6 P.M. Information: 398-1748.
New Novel by Stone On international subjects, Knopf has just released ''A Flag for Sunrise,'' a novel by Robert Stone, telling the story of a revolution in Latin America, and how the Roman Catholic Church, the Central Intelligence Agency and the United States Government are increasingly drawn into it.
North-South can play seven hearts or seven spades without risk.
The location is a bracing one, on the water across from Rikers Island.
It should therefore not be viewed as an exception, but as a natural aspect of our climate.
The only gain listed in the report came in spending for new private multifamily housing units.
It has survived much of the frost and is expected to be sweet and good quality.
As a Pentagon manager, Weinberger has so far fallen between the strong centralization of Robert S. McNamara in the Kennedy Administration and the loose style of Melvin Laird, the Nixon Defense Secretary, who pretty much let the armed-service chiefs have their way.
The bride, until recently an assistant manager at the St. Regis Hotel in New York, was graduated from Syracuse University and spent her junior year in Paris at the Institute D'Etudes Politiques and at the Sorbonne.
Sofya Gubaidulina, a private and determinedly apolitical composer, maintains a considerably lower profile in Russia than either Shnitke or Denisov.
The regulations basically still require airlines, on planes capable of carrying 30 or more passengers, to set aside ''a sufficient number of seats in the no-smoking sections of the aircraft for all persons who wish to be seated there.''
Moreover, the Irish-American ''clout'' is diffused because of the American political feud between this grouping and that led by Representative Mario Biaggi, the chairman of the Ad Hoc Congressional Committee for Irish Affairs.
''The Government owns all Qantas shares, so if you're a taxpayer, you're part-owner,'' he explained.
But it is most proud of its record in the loan effort, although the number of cooperating banks has shrunk for a variety of reasons, including budgetary constraints and economic factors.
But pay-by-phone, as it is sometimes known, has failed to live up to expectations.
At another Cabinet session, when talk turned to automobile imports, Mr. Haig once again contended that this was a foreign policy issue.
No If's or And's, Either Don't mess with Cleveland.
While you might say, ''Wait, I've already seen plenty of that on TV,'' the CBS people are after the companies that are not already using video.
But we just negotiated it like good partners for the future do.''
What would happen, then, if crabgrass bisque were to replace sorrel soup?
But prosciutto and the Scotch salmon were delicious.
In fact, they contend, it reflected a deep-seated ambivalence towards arms control and endorsed instead a return to the Truman policy of containment as a prerequisite for any successful arms limitation effort.
can learn much from the C.S.M.
Characteristic deficiency symptoms result when the diet lacks an adequate supply of a particular vitamin.
The crowd expects to watch the white shape of the shuttle come high over the rim of the San Bernardino Mountains to the south and glide swiftly to the table-flat white, salt-caked dry lake, rimmed by mountains and gently rolling foothills sparsely covered with sagebrush and Joshua trees.
''The objective of our campaign has been reached,'' he said.
Unitarian Church performed the ceremony.
The lesson of the Memorial Day weekend at movie box offices is that stars still sell movies.
Or the legislators hope so.
Then it was necessary to design and build sets, cast, rehearse, shoot, and edit the show in the four weeks before Mr. Silverman announced his fall schedule.
The commuter train division of the Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority is still running, and many of the 400,000 former riders of the city transit division's subways, buses and trolleys are riding the commuter trains.
Ongais Cut Out of Car Ongais suffered a compound fracture of the right leg and a fracture of the left forearm after his black Interscope-Cosworth, called the Batmobile, smashed against the wall in turn No.
Fortunately, she had not lost consciousness.
This is quite an accomplishment in a nation whose populace only recently thought anyone over 30 was long in the tooth.
A new attempt to oust President Luis Garcia Meza was reported under way today, with rebel broadcasts saying that insurgent troops had taken control of the provincial capital of Santa Cruz.
What New Plan Suggests The new plan will include the following: - Central Park will remain open to automobiles between 10 A.M. and 3 P.M. until May.
Oklahoma State will face Texas A & M in the Independence Bowl Dec. 12.
And if you prefer to sip something more refined than jug wine, don't forget selections from your own cellar.
The company said that beer sales in the first quarter rose 8.5 percent, to 12.8 million barrels, from 11.8 million barrels the year before.
Contributions to the fund are deductible on Federal, state and city income taxes.
That he can perform at all is an amazement, after the six martinis, the Dom Perignon, the lobster, the bibb lettuce, the Persian melon and with Gillian looking over his shoulder and pulling on his beard.
In ''Texts, '' adapted by Joseph Chaikin and Steven Kent from Samuel Beckett's ''Texts for Nothing,'' combined with an excerpt from ''How It Is,'' Mr. Chaikin is our witness on an interior adventure, a quest for identity, for locus, as man inches from birth to death.
''We are one of the few cultures in the world that puts so much burden on isolated nuclear family units.''
When there is a vacation, he takes his girls to the mountains for conditioning.''
Two days ago, the Education Commissioner, Mark R. Shedd, and six other officials in his department were disciplined by the State Board of Education for the miscalculation.
Besides, we need the Iranians; we must not anger them or they will embrace the Russians.
''But they can buy the Gucci of chocolate for only $14.''
The $1,000 received by Allen was intended as an honorarium for Mrs. Reagan.
Energy Congress continued financing of Clinch River breeder reactor.
The regular-season games are important, but not as important as the games in the playoffs.
''The only difference is that the cast of favorites in today's beauty contest is quite different.''
''That's correct,'' Mr. Flynn replied.
Kunming, the capital of Yunnan province, is home to more than a million people and is a commercial and manufacturing hub, but its aura is that of a provincial center, making its own way in the world.
New Jersey's benefit remains at $414.
Close ties with their foreign parent companies that supplied imported oil, plus control of pipelines and refining capacity in Canada, enabled the four to dictate excessive prices, according to the report.
Some 22.5 million Americans received them during the last fiscal year.
This leads to a future of rich clubs gaining better players.
The annual economic growth rate, 5.3 percent in 1974, plunged to 0.7 percent.
That could have been part of my depression, but they had nothing to do with Hy.
In Massachusetts, the state and municipal governments are still coming to grips with the effects of that mandate, and municipal tax structures have yet to be reworked.
United States military aid, totaling $20 million for the fiscal years 1980 and 1981, may only be used to acquire defensive weaponry such as radar and antiaircraft guns.
It takes a lot of time to stock and sell a good product at a fair price.''
He expects to join the General Foods Corporation in White Plains in August.
He served as a lieutenant with the Navy.
Although the top floor was capped with a skylight, both lofts were fairly dark because the building had only two windows at one end and three at the back of each floor.
''It sounds like someone setting off dynamite under the ocean about 20 miles offshore.''
But if Greg Norman were to win the United States Open, perhaps the Australians would consider it to be what it is - the world's most prestigious tournament.
Reagan Was at His Ranch There were also circumstantial signs that senior officials had not sought or planned a crisis.
What I hate is for anyone to feel sorry for me.
Another $6.5 million went to races with no incumbents.
''I want to go on and do other things.
Each is likely to be a second-round pick, along with such highly rated players as Mickey Dillard of Florida State; Ray Blume and Mark Radford of Oregon State; Sam Williams of Arizona State, and maybe Charles Bradley of Wyoming.
Norman Lean, general operations manager, said a suit has been filed in the Federal Court of International Trade in an attempt to show the Treasury Department acted improperly in reclassifying the cab chassis as ''unfinished trucks.''
That risk had inhibited debate yesterday on topics such as Social Security and policy toward the Soviet Union.
These people do not necessarily believe that the best way to promote a pharmaceutical or medical device is to get from a pharmaceutical marketing research company the names of the heavy prescription writers in any given specialty and send them direct-mail promotion or advertising in their journals.
These people, and the kids in the galleries in particular, look up to us.
An equally polished, if radically different, directorial feat was pulled off by Richard Foreman in ''Penguin Touquet,'' still another tale of a psychiatrist (David Warrilow) and patient (Kate Manheim).
Presented by the Pan Asian Repertory Theater, Tisa Chang, artistic director, and Thomas M. Madden, general manager.
IN a splash of chromatic overstatement that makes spring blooms seem pallid, that nomadic tribe called the Ringling Brothers and Barnum & Bailey Circus opened for a nine-week stay at Madison Square Garden on Wednesday with a 26-act, two-hour-and-57-minute extravaganza, the ususal dizzying panopoly of pyrotechnics designed to numb the brain and unfocus the eye.
Major Haddad's sudden move cast uncertainty over the always volatile situation in southern Lebanon, where a shaky cease-fire has prevailed since July.
Wil Shriner, son of the late Herb Shriner, is presented as a humorist and, just so the audience won't forget, he keeps smiling bravely through decidedly unfunny routines.
The Bethlehem Steel Corporation, the country's second-largest steel maker after the United States Steel Corporation, reported yesterday that higher steel product shipments helped net income in the second quarter of 1981 to soar 80 percent, as sales expanded 18.8 percent.
- Leaving the present four school districts intact while having them absorb the central high school district.
Her engagement comes just a year after public speculation of a possible romance between the Catholic Princess and Britain's Prince Charles led to a Parliamentary flap that forced Britain's Conservative Government to declare that it had ''no plans'' to change a 1701 law that would have barred Prince Charles from the throne if he married a Roman Catholic.
The Casino Control Act's provision for permits expires next month.
Times Official's Son Killed NAPLES, Fla., June 30 (UPI) - Kent Harrison, 22-year-old son of the president of The New York Times Affiliated Newspaper Group, was killed yesterday when a car in which he was riding went out of control and sheered off a concrete and steel telephone pole.
The injured baby girl, 20-month-old Labon Saunders, was in fair condition at St. Joseph's Medical Center.
Today, pennies are shunned by vending machines, toll baskets and devotees of the slim pocket and change purse.
Congress last increased the number of Federal judges in 1978 when it passed legislation creating 148 new judgeships, the largest increase in history.
And the performers approached their music and dance with engaging directness, smiling and letting loose with strigaturi, high-pitched yelps of joy that burst, characteristically, from the musicians from time to time as the dancers skimmed across the floor.
They had avoided meeting face to face on purpose, and when they finally did, their correspondence immediately declined.
More than 35 years have passed since the days when, as Johanna Frank, she used to make her way two or three times a week from her South Bronx apartment to the local library, but she has achieved both goals.
Mr. O'Rourke said County Executive Alfred B. DelBello had proposed two separate votes, an idea the Chairman said was ''a terrible waste'' of money.
''Architects have been having a hard time, just as they were during the Depression, when the Empire State was built,'' Mr. Chan said.
Reggie Carter, the Knicks' rookie guard, played four minutes while Richardson rested.
He had a cigarette in his hand.
For information write to Charles Cooper, Executive Secretary, National Press Photographers Association, Inc., P.O.
After serving for five years as director of mediation services, he was appointed deputy director of the parent agency in 1977, just after Mr. Horvitz took the helm.
One of the men hesitated, then, almost furtively, sidled in and bought a banner.
The Hudson Bay Mining and Smelting Company said it and the Minerals and Resources Corporation of Bermuda had reached tentative agreement to acquire a privately owned United States coal company for a combination of cash and notes valued at $152 million.
Now I cook constantly at home, and one of the first things I made sure my new kitchen had was the butcher block I always wanted.
''One thing you can predict is this,'' said Herbert Bienstock, former Middle Atlantic regional commissioner of the Bureau of Labor Statistics and now a professor at Queens College, ''the individual will function by communications - oral communications, written communications, scientific communications.''
Where Miss Lurie has constructed an entire edifice of clothing history, Miss Fraser is merely decorating the penthouse.
The painting, ''Triumph of Constantine,'' was completed by Peter Paul Rubens around 1627, Edward Hegarty of the bureau said.
City May Call In Guardian Angels Mr. Holland also said his administration was planning to talk with the Guardian Angels about organizing local neighborhood anticrime groups.
Banking sources said that the loan was denied partly on the theory that the Soviet Union would come to Poland's assistance rather than let an Eastern-bloc country go into default.
The phone will be in operation from 9 A.M. to 5 P.M. today and tomorrow and from 6 A.M. to 9 P.M. on Thursday.
''It's not friendly with its own people.
One Brookings contributor noted: ''We still do not know much about the economic effects of taxation, but we are learning better what the questions are.''
Three years ago he was training for a comeback against Kallie Knoetze of South Africa when hepatitis hit him harder than a punch ever did.
This is a match I had to win and should have won.
I didn't know what that was, but again I didn't let him know.
There's hardly a port in the United States that doesn't hope to profit from coal exports.
Teams don't know if you can play anymore.
Mio, with help from the goalposts and crossbar, made dazzling first-period saves on Pierre Larouche, Guy Lafleur and Rejean Houle to prevent the Canadiens from scoring.
Mobil ($63.65 billion), Texaco ($52.49 billion), Standard of California ($42.9 billion) and Ford ($37.08 billion) rounded out the half-dozen largest industrials.
An optimistic forecast of the benefits of energy efficency is causing wide debate.
The cabaret performance is extra.
''Everyone in the world is trying to get in to see him,'' she says to one caller.
admits women to cham- pionships in Division I A19 Miss Austin stakes claim to No.
B-Including extraordinary crrdits of $6,000 for the qr and $226,000 for the 6 mos...C-Including extraordinary credits of $1,472,000 for the qr and $2,140,000 for the 6 mos
At this point, however, the President has declined from slight favorite to slight underdog, and the Communist loss is clearly a big reason.
Add to that two additional factors.
Still, for nautical nibblers, there are compensations.
''This is my dream, that my boys will fight the Russian boys, that we will show them.''
In his 53-page report, Mr. Gambaccini noted that contracts for 271 buses had been awarded to Grumman Flxible, which is expected to make delivery beginning in June.
Disturbances broke out last night in the Mann Auditorium as Zubin Mehta resolutely led the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra in music by Richard Wagner, ending a four-decade boycott of the composer, whose works had been banned by the orchestra since 1939 because he was an anti-Semite and because the Nazis had glorified his music.
However, Mr. Stern said, the economic pressures weighed heavily against the station and its problems were "symptomatic of what's happening all over."
So far 4,407 Chinese, mainly from Ho Chi Minh City, the former South Vietnamese capital of Saigon, have arrived here for permanent resettlement.
His face, heavily lined, was free of expression as it peered from under the peak of a battered baseball cap.
If the father has similiarly accusatory thoughts, he directs them not at his sons but at teachers at the Jesuit school they attended.
The late Robert L. Ripley himself is on hand, via a black-andwhite kinescope, to begin the proceedings.
The 78-year-old Mr. Strasberg is about to fly to Rome and Yugoslavia to appear in a 16-hour ABC miniseries based on Herman Wouk's ''The Winds of War.''
Israel is asked to trust the United States even as promises to it about weapons to the Arabs are betrayed.
After what turned out to be the most exciting weekend in New York's pro football history, Wellington Mara planned his revenge.
The House legislation was drafted in such haste that there is still confusion concerning what is in the actual bill.
Conversation lighted on things political, alleviated only by Mrs. Brown, who said, ''One of our writers is doing an article on a course in New York that teaches women how to marry rich men.''
Jean-Louis, 2650 Virginia Avenue NW, in Watergate, 202-298-4488.
They wondered, 'Should I retire now or should I stay on and can I afford early retirement?'
New evidence backs Edward M. Korry in his assertions that he was not involved in White House efforts in 1970 to induce a military coup that would prevent Dr. Salvador Allende Gossens from becoming the President of Chile.
''Our industry right now is parallel with autos and houses and is pretty slow,'' Mr. Howell said.
''I'd say, 'You only live once,' '' he replied unhesitatingly.
The tour was made possible by a $250,000 grant from the American Express Foundation, its first to a theater company.
Unfortunately, in too many instances, the tenants, fearful of losing their homes, will not take the necessary precautions.
(The company's name comes from the Greek word gnosis, meaning knowledge.)
However, there appeared to be a wide range of possibilities, including monarchists affiliated with exile groups in Paris, disaffected military officers, leftist guerrillas or even the anticlerical Islamic fundamentalists of the group known as Forghan, who have slain at least three major religious leaders since the revolution.
Mr. Buchbinder said no: ''A shake of the head and a roll of the eyes'' was not enough reason to stop an individual and search him in a nonpublic place.
But he said most of the money had been spent on programs to help veterans readjust to civilian life and that lately contributions had been ''just trickling in.''
This is particularly important since with higher fuel prices farmers are starting to till the fields less, which means a more hospitable environment for disease and pests.
''May or June, that's not going to happen,'' said King, ''even if we have to buy the rights for $7.5 million ourselves.''
''When he's recruiting, he will have to know not who the good players are but which ones are smart academically as well.''
When he's right, he makes left-handed hitters look real bad.''
Leaders of the community group said that argument was not valid because other developers were ''lined up eight, ten, twelve deep'' to compete for the land.
''There is also, perhaps, an underlying feeling that the juvenile courts are not capable of handling the problem and that one answer to it is to reverse the whole process.''
Lugo passed 21 yards to Dunn in the third quarter.
''But that's all right, it's good.''
And the gulf between the perceptions seems wider than ever today.
Then, as soon as I got back to Paris, I was asked to make this film with her.''
Behind each tree shadows lurk; ghosts walk the land and refuse to be daunted by morning.
To Europe If direct routes from New York to Europe are blocked, there are indirect routes available, but most are lengthly and expensive.
The wavelengths of VHF signals are about three feet long, requiring antennas as much as 100 feet long to produce them.
Sodom holds 5.3 billion gallons of water.
Be sure to get enough sleep and rest, since fatigue can reduce your ability to cope with stress.
''But what do cows eat?''
Under an agreement with Algeria and Italy, Tunisia will get 6 percent of the gas that Algeria pumps to Italy.
GDV, which installed new management and controls four of Sambo's 12 board seats, holds all of two series of Sambo's preferred stock.
''If the church proclaims, as did Christ, the binding nature of Christian marriage, she also reminds us of another teaching of Jesus, 'Judge not, lest you be judged.'
The busing issue was in part responsible for the defeat last November of James C. Corman, Democrat of California, after 20 years in the House.
True, his wisecracking style seems a little thin for the financial tornadoes of the 1970's and 80's.
The Young Adult program, run by the Labor Department, hires young people from 16 to 23 years old on public lands.
''We tell them the museum, the Gerald R. Ford Museum, will open in September in Grand Rapids,'' he said.
One basing choice would be to carry some of the missiles in C5 Galaxy transports, either some of the 77 in the current Air Force or in new ones to be built.
In addition to complaints that the Greater Hindu Society is patronizing in its approach, there is also considerable anxiety that by fostering Hindu identity, the revival movement may exacerbate religious tensions and erode the national commitment to secularism.
'' Later that night, on his way home, Jennings Randolph told himself: ''You know, I believe he can put it together.
Farrell edged Iona Prep, 23-19, and St. Francis Prep routed Cardinal Spellman, 35-14.
Nevertheless, in the mayoral election of 1901 Low was the candidate of the reform-minded Citizens' Union, and reform sounded good to New Yorkers, who had just heard Tammany boss Richard Croker make the startling admission that he had been ''working for my pocket all the time.''
In the fourth game, she put away another forehand volley for 40-15.
In the looser, more Expressionist-oriented painting that seems to be looming as one of the styles of the 80's, Mr. Boothe already looks quite at home.
Before today's match, he practiced shadow-serving and went over notes he had written about his serve and stored in his racquet cover: keep the head up, throw the toss more to the left, try to stay ahead.
When the facts are presented as fully as they have been here, the feelings that accompanied them aren't difficult to imagine.
Diesel fuel prices rival and sometimes surpass those of regular gasoline, to the chagrin of thousands of people who thought they could escape the oil crunch by purchasing diesel-powered cars.
This is precisely what writers of the Poundian persuasion find intolerable in modern culture, and against which their every argument, allusion and creative endeavor is marshalled.
The golf course above that Yonkers spring uses pesticides on the greens, and there is the potential that it could get washed do wn into the water.''
It is, he said, ''sort of like tearing down the Berlin Wall.''
The Pitkin Glass Works manufactured bottles of all sizes, including so-called chestnut bottles ranging from half-pint to demijohn capacity; snuff bottles, jars, flasks, decanters, bowls, water tumblers and inkwells.
Gewurztraminer: Spicy white very similar to German, Alsatian and California varietals of the same name.
The same could be said of the stories in this volume.
Lenn Sakata, who had only three home runs a ll year, hit a pair of homers as the Orioles took a 4-2 lead into th e ninth.
A noted Israeli historian, Jacob Talmon, wrote before his death last summer that ''the attempt to rule a million Arabs against their will may make our beautiful dreams of national and spiritual renewal seem ridiculous.''
Markets The Dow Jones industrial average closed unchanged at 964.62, and trading contracted to 43.9 million shares, despite active buying of Amax and Thompson Medical, the two takeover targets.
Spillover of Political Violence Even more alarming, in recent weeks there have been signs that the political violence gripping much of Central America could spill over into Honduras.
Mickey Mantle hit a home run for the Yankees' first run in Don Larsen's perfect game in the 1956 World Series, a 2-0 victory over the Brooklyn Dodgers.
(M'tan) Tallon (Binghamton) Viggiano (Manhattan) Walsh, D.B.
In this simple, charmingly old-fashioned bistro, hearty fare, just right for this season, include excellent duck-and-sausage-filled cassoulet, navarin, satiny sea trout; and for dessert, bombe glacee pralinee.
And then she became a mother.
A WILD PATIENCE HAS TAKEN ME THIS FAR, by Adrienne Rich.
If I preach, it's about the disease, not the poet or novelist.
Mr. Reagan may very well intend to do so, after a decent interval, but at the Ottawa summit meeting, he will undoubtedly be told that Washington's continuing support of Israel, no matter what Mr.
''Nowadays,'' says Sam Mitnick, Perigee's director, ''people are looking for things that challenge both their minds and hands.
''He is not intrusive, but you can go to him when you need help.''
It does not seek to weave something extraneous into the urban fabric.
They felt that such a role was vital to their jobs of coordinating the formulation of policy.
The new research, which has revealed strong evidence of a separate category of ''transforming genes'' in some human cancer cells, is a separate but related field of study pursued intensively by a few research groups in the last three years.
The transportation category, which includes autos and parts, slumped 7 percent in September despite an increase in aircraft orders, the report said.
In the same decade, a man and a woman were arrested for giving away British A.S.W.
Arthur Andersen, which had been the auditor for the fund, said yesterday that it would seek to overturn the jury verdict.
The others were treated and released.
They said their jobs were on the line.
It's not an entirely new idea; many dentists operate store-front offices offering preventive and cleaning services.
''Times were not right for much more than that.
''It took nine months to get it in order,'' Mrs. Victor said of the circular track system, which is similar to a toy railroad track.
Miss Shore has been divorced twice.
* Texasgulf Inc. completed the sale of its 50 percent interest in undeveloped iron ore properties in Western Australia for $40 million .
The organization, which was later decertified as bargaining agent for the controllers, contended that the Federal court no longer had jurisdiction to enforce the 1970 injunctions after the Civil Service Reform Act of 1978 was passed.
Mr. Sahl goes on at 9 and 11 P.M. from Mondays through Thursdays, when the cover is $12; at 10 and midnight Fridays and at 11 and 12:30 A.M. Saturdays, when the cover both nights is $15.
While the white minority Government in Pretoria is repugnant to most Americans and to the world, it is a force to be dealt with if regional warfare and large-scale loss of life is to be averted.
The Legislature also has previously refused to remove the surcharge that OTB officials say drives customers to illegal bookmakers who pay 5 percent more than the OTB on winning bets.
The fact is that Israel and the United States are hostage to each other, in a nobler enterprise than his tone allows.
The central Government has erected 25,000 prefabricated shelters, most of them served by water, electricity and sewers.
A funeral march was held and a coffin was deposited in front of the local party headquarters.
For six months starting every April, the United States opens a national savings account.
Type: Participation or demonstration, depending on the class.
But ''if you have a 20 percent interest in any company, it is reasonable to suggest that you will have some representation'' on the board, he added.
And she is a much more compelling singer as a result.
He said ''two and one-half days of freewheeling committee deliberation and votes'' were scheduled, along with inclusion in committee reports of minority views supported by 10 percent or more of the participants.
Yes, both women paid for their food with food stamps.
The Prince passes through the doorway into the great hall which adjoins the library.
The offer has been denounced as ''inadequate'' by Hobart's board of directors.
Cleo's Daddy's Barbecued Ribs 2 sides lean spare ribs 1/2 cup soy sauce 1/3 cup good wine vinegar 2 cloves garlic, chopped fine 1/4 cup grated onion.
In fact, unless you're a police undercover agent, it is hard to think of any good legal use for a snubbie.
A photographic exhibition and slide show on the Indian performing arts will be on view, and Indian delicacies and spiced tea will be served during intermission at each performance.
Beside him marched Frank Jump, 21, with his mother, Willy, who wore a poster that said: ''My Son is Gay.
Two Boeing 747's Sold Finally, two Boeing 747's were sold, yielding another $60 million.
It is this factor that will determine how low the aquastat can be adjusted for individual cases.''
Retail Sales a Disappointment The market continued to fall in light afternoon activity as some traders were disappointed at the strength of retail sales in September, which rose four-tenths of 1 percent rather than falling as expected.
The Manhattan agreed to accept the Berkshire's former fee of $11,000 for the season, plus free living quarters on the 113-acre grounds in Falls Village.
''Jeff has been a fine influence, by example, on Ralph Sampson.
Robertson, president of the Christian Broadcasting Network, that Attorney General Clark participated in a fund-faising program for the A.C.L.U.
Return to 'Scientific Principles' It says that China has now returned to the ''scientific principles of Mao Zedong thought'' for a ''period of peaceful development.''
The characters carelessly rap croquet balls and trip over wickets, a very distracting endeavor.
U.S. Helicopters Overhead A photo montage of the Secretary of State showed him with his hand over his heart, as if taking an oath, while napalm-deformed children stood at his side.
Donlan, on the other hand, does not see many parallels between baseball and pro football.
Among laymen there is a common belief that Wall Street firms are under pressure to merge with bigger financial institutions to gain the capital necessary to survive in the 1980's.
A faculty member will invariably say that here is a person with good ideas who ought to join our club.''
The lesson should be particularly acute for the eight minority members of the City Council, who played the old politics to protect their own incumbent skins when they endorsed the racially imbalanced Council redistricting plan n ow underchallenge bef ore the Justice Department.
But even if recession is unlikely, serious thinking is needed now about what the best way would be for the monetary and fiscal authorities to respond to it, should it come.
Asked if she had ever applied for permission to worship in the cathedral in Bloemfontein, she answered firmly: ''No, I will never do that.
Only four of the 60 players named to the two teams tonight did not get into the game.
Colin Winter, the former Anglican Bishop of Damaraland in South-West Africa, who was expelled by South Africa nine years ago, died at his home in London today after suffering his fourth heart attack, his family said.
The time of ''Rabbit Is Rich'' is 1979.
At the start, we see two early selfportraits that seem in retrospect to tell the whole story.
What point is there to a policy of conciliation and support if these regimes can do us little good?
The booklet says that, as of July, some 250 SS-20 missiles, each carrying three warheads, had been deployed.
It is not as hard on them because they are younger than the defeated Democratic Senators such as George McGovern, Frank Church and Birch Bayh, who were defeated in middle age, just when they expected to enjoy the advantages of seniority after their long years in the Senate.
Since he doesn't explore Tabby's reactions to what happens to her, readers don't feel much either.
They were identified as Christoper Coughlin, 18, of 517 Beach 130th Street, allegedly the driver; Scott Frazer, 18, of 141 Beach 140th Street, allegedly the passenger in the front seat; Stephen Coogan, 16, of 324 Beach 145th Street; Michael Lonnberg, 18, of 227 Beach 123 Street and Joseph Munson, 16, of 225 Beach 124th Street.
Hours are 9:30 to 4 Tuesday through Saturday, 1 to 4 Sunday.
It can produce mutations, or inheritable changes, in the genetic material and thus can cause birth defects and cancer.
That was another factor, Flores said, in his reason for going with a run by van Eeghen on fourth down toward the end of the game.
Poker is not one of New Jersey's six legal casino games, but video games have been ruled as slot machines and are thus covered by slotmachine regulations for payouts of at least 83 percent.
National Distillers The National Distillers and Chemicals Corporation announced that earnings in the fourth quarter of 1979 slipped 5.5 percent, to $30.8 million, or 89 cents a share, from $32.6 million, or 95 cents a share, in the fourth quarter of 1979.
The world is outraged and the world will not forget.
Mr. von Ellrichshausen, who calls himself an architecture aficionado and who has designed many houses for friends over the years, designed the hotel himself.
Mr. Gulley said President Johnson used the fund to improve his ranch, including installing a shower and sprinkler system, repairing roads and converting a hangar into an air-conditioned movie theater.
Twelve of the birds were relocated and four were killed by predators, but the survivors quickly adapted to their new home, a state natural resources biologist says.
Whittaker Plans Increase Joseph F. Alibrandi, president of the Whittaker Corporation of Los Angeles, for example, has said that he plans to increase substantially the proportion of Americans in his company's foreign work force under the more favorable tax provisions.
Block of Chicago by Sotheby Parke Bernet on May 20 at its Madison Avenue Galleries.
DeBusschere was a player-coach of the Pistons for part of the 1964-65 season, all of 1965-66, and part of 1966-67, before becoming a full-time player again.
Three basic American industries - steel, automobile, and tire - are taking their lumps from better-engineered and better-made products from Western Europe and Japan.
''Love Me By Name,'' a solo for Pamela Mitchell, the nervous cofounder of the company, and ''Rockaway,'' a disco number for the company, came close to the gliding freedom, deft tricks and raunchy humor of skating dance at its best.
Oaxaca State is the most ''Indian'' region of Mexico, with half the area's population still unable to speak Spanish.
''Landscapes'' (Edward Thorp Gallery, 419 West Broadway): Exhibitions at the Thorp Gallery tend to have an echo that is all their own, and this brisk little survey of the present state of landscape painting is no exception.
There are frequent guided tours in English and, for special exhibitions, rental cassettes with a recorded English commentary.
My hedonistic bent warred with my pragmatic slant.
Evacuees Return Home At Deer Lodge, some of the 200 people evacuated yesterday were returning to their homes, Earl Wahl, Powell County civil defense director, said after waters receded.
An Emphasis on the Present Civil rights cases often turn on the question of how to repair the damage of decades of discrimination.
Atmosphere: gleaming dark wood paneling, sparkling crystal, well-modulated lighting, windows facing Long Island Sound, low ceilings, all suggest the coziness of a well-maintained English pub.
But law-abiding citizens should not be asked to await the millennium of full employment before they regain the elementary right to walk safely in the streets.
None of us, of course, were here.''
''What I was seeking was more artistic independence.
I think it's awful when the public does not fully understand the role and responsibilities of the courts.''
The cards are not shuffled and are usually dealt seven and six at a time, increasing the chance of freak distributions and repealing the laws of probability in respect to suit divisions.
He noted that the program had been discontinued in 1964 under ''pressure from Democrats and labor unions.''
Seven centuries before Christ, the people of Kos prayed to Asclepios, the son of Apollo and Coronis.
As for what others think, Cain recalls telling George Rogers, a 228-pound fullback and the first man taken in the N.F.L.
Casting a play is ''at least 50 percent of the game as a director,'' and you've got to take risks, he continued.
''You can't beat a high school team with that many turnovers.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
When the union was indicted in December, Federal prosecutors said the grand jury was investigating alleged racketeering, extortion, payoffs, thefts and tax evasion at the market.
Otherwise, the alternative is to send it by air freight, which is usually much costlier.
* Philip Morris Industrial announced plans for an $82 million expansion of its tissue mills operation in Menasha, Wisc.
At present, each district in New Jersey includes an average of 478,074 persons.
Last month, he took members of the American Symphony into five New York City public schools for informal discussions and performances, and he gives as much thought to the planning of young people's concerts as he does to his regular symphonic programs.
'It Was His Life' ''You could tell it was his life,'' Rose said.
under the suggested new executive order.
6 PILLS THAT DON'T WORK, by Sidney M. Wolfe, M.D.
Kitty was a musician and turned out to have had a professional career as a singer.
Mr. Bokassa, condemned to death in absentia by a Central African Republic court last year, lives in exile in the Ivory Coast.
The flat side windows have been replaced with curved glass.
But too many of our subscribers can no longer afford to come.
''We can't have our label not produce.''
The big fear now is that with the cuts in welfare support payments as well as services to the refugees, crime will get worse.
Many residents of Perris like to call the town a ''poor man's Palm Springs.''
Common Anti-Soviet Front Sought A number of officials see this as a way of strengthening a common anti-Soviet front, but some also see the prospective offer as an effort to induce Peking to accept the sale of an advanced type of fighter plane to Taiwan.
But the Nanjing Union Theological Seminary is China's only surviving Protestant seminary.
Some Saudi officials expressed the view some weeks ago that if the Reagan Administration did not honor their requests for the F-15 items, they would start looking elsewhere for advanced fighters, such as France.
Mr. Stockman hinted that individual income tax cuts might not be retroactive to Jan. 1, a question now being discussed among Mr. Reagan's advisers.
On Thursday, after reporting flat profits for the latest quarter, it fell 4 1/2 points.
11 11 4 THE CARDINAL SINS, by Andrew M. Greeley.
We are getting this overflow of property buyers from Southampton and Westhampton.''
For though they remain religious Jews, they have chosen not to take on the obligations and burdens they were taught would be theirs from birth.
Surviving are his wife, Nell, of Ormond Beach, Fla., his son, William, of Carmel, N.Y., and three daughters, Karin Fisher of St. Paul, Minn., Mariette Bock of Chester, Vt., and Nell Hughes of Rochelle Park, N. J.
But after a spade lead won by the queen, the winning line of play was far from clear.
Several weeks ago, the Saudis denied that the Israelis had made reconnaissance flights.
Without a substitute, the Metropolitan Transportation Authority's income will fall $250 million short of expenses in the year starting Wednesday.
(Broadway is also a tiny village near Stratford!)
Foremost among the cutbacks likely to affect the system is the contemplated abolition of the Legal Services Program.
The acquisition, for an undisclosed price, gives Borden an additional 150 million pounds of vinyl chloride monomer for its own use annually, the company said.
He said he had less than 100, and wanted several hundred so that he could have them at company level.
In 300 B.C., Euclid blinked one eye and noticed the obvious: An image seen by one eye is slightly different from the image seen by the other.
Insurers invested $92 million in the first half of 1981, in independent private venture capital companies, up from $88 million in all of 1980, and $7 million in 1979.
The herd - there were, we calculated, more than 100 animals - did not flee from the truck, but kept a respectful distance.
A request for rare or medium-rare inevitably produced beef or lamb that was medium to medium-well.
American business executives, the decisive upper-bracket figures in the system, are now exceedingly hard-working people.
Whether the Moscow exhibition is less historically precise than was the Paris show will be for people who saw both to decide.
I then prefer to add sliced mushrooms (there are those who declare that truffles were among the original ingredients), seasonings, wine, tomatoes and parsley and cook covered until done, about 10 minutes longer.
In view of the state of ideological bankruptcy that Democrats and Republicans alike find themselves in, the emergence of a third party as a powerful force in American politics seems not only plausible, but inevitable.
But it is pleasant in our apartment in Switzerland.
These areas could be economically corrected, according to recent studies.
But Robert M. Teeter, president of Market Opinion Research in Detroit, a leading Republican polling organization, said that he believed the gap was widening.
The United States is also giving $27 million in indirect aid, most of it through grants to the private sector.
In New York City, meanwhile, Mayor Koch endorsed the idea of creating a financial control board for the Metropolitan Transportation Authority.
Allowing tax credits for businesses that establish day-care facilities for children of employees.
In a speech to the Soviet party congress in February, President Leonid I. Brezhnev made a concession on the French proposal, saying that Moscow was willing to extend the territory covered by notification measures to the Ural Mountains.
The draft for a new pact, to succeed the current multifiber arrangement when it expires at the end of the year, would drop provisions in the 1977 treaty allowing nations with threatened home industries to make ''reasonable departures'' from a guarantee of a 6 percent annual increase in textile imports from developing countries.
Earnings of the new subsidiary, however, will not be included in Phibro's results until the fourth quarter.
The recent water crisis in North Jersey proved the value of individual water meters.
However, because of its larger volume, that $8.5 million comes to a relatively modest $17 per case.
''If someone sets out to burn a building, we can stave them off, but we cannot stop them,'' said Sister Norberta.
At least two propositions, both fascinating on the face of it, were tested by this ambitious score: first, is it still possible to write an orchestral piece on the temporal scale of a Mahler symphony, and second, can tonality in some modernized form be used as the glue to hold such a work together?
The mammoth C-5 carries tanks as well.
By Oct. 29, some seven weeks later, he had still not replaced the ball joint it needed or patched the hole in the exhaust pipe.
The briefing was postponed until today, but the prices on the futures market soared in anticipation of the action.
That may change; it is hard to know in advance how rules revisions will work.
But Aramco has proved to be a mixed blessing.
The case has not yet been decided.
Ralph Hinkley (William Katt) is an idealistic teacher in his late 20's.
Most of the time that may have been his role.
Japan's top trade official said today that Japan, as an ''engine of the world economy,'' must do more to insure that its exports do not disrupt the economies of its trading partners.
According to State Health Department data, nearly half, 47.7 percent, of births in 1979 were to unmarried mothers, and the city had the state's highest fetal death rate, at 27.9 per 1,000, and the highest infant death rate, 26.2 per 1,000.
A Federal Court, reversing a 1956 antitrust decree, granted Shubert permission to buy two theaters in New York and an unlimited number elsewhere.
''One year is not enought time to develop an art.
Based on the information thus far provided by the Pentagon, the attack on our planes was not provoked, but neither was it totally an accidental happenstance.
Let simmer exactly 17 minutes.
''The jacket is new, the skirt and blouse are from last year.''
Colonel Engle, who is 49 years old, was technically an astronaut long before his assignment to the Johnson Space Center.
The bridegroom is an associate with the New York law firm of Fulop & Hardee.
For he gives himself to all people and not only to her alone.
He was 60 years old.
''These were kids no one wanted to coach because they were supposed to be behavior problems.
''Cincinnati is all prudence,'' Professor Ransohoff suggested.
DONALD SUTHERLAND plays a nattily dressed hit man in ''The Disappearance,'' an unrelievedly solemn Canadian film given over to long pauses, contemplative strolls and mournful glimpses of the Montreal skyline.
In a way I think of myself as being a bit like Saint Paul.
But the suggestions of improper behavior in office against Mr. Allen are seen at the White House as different from any of the previous problems.
The latest bid - the third since Jan. 29 - was described today by analysts as a move by Canada's powerful business establishment to close ranks around Abitibi to counter a bid by the Reichmann family of Toronto that the company has rejected as too low.
In his staging, Mr. Ackerman has tried to give the entire evening a brittle, stylized air - a good notion for this play, but at times too archly executed.
Mr. Boyce was convicted of selling data about another C.I.A.
Mr. Francis is back with his 22d mystery novel.
'Global Round of Negotiations' In a press statement issued by the ministers today, which Mr. Haig also accepted, a key phrase said that ''a main objective'' in October ''should be to facilitate agreement with regard to the said global round of negotiations by means of achieving a real meeting of minds and positive political impetus by heads of state or government.''
Israel protested, affirming its rejection of the proposals, which include withdrawal from the West Bank.
The District Attorney's office in Queens has a budget of $6 million, a staff of about 140 assistant district attorneys and a total staff of about 400, he said.
For those who wax their skis, Hot Ski is a waxing iron that plugs into a car lighter.
Jonathan E. Gray, research analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein, an investment house that follows the thrift industry, noted that one area where there might be insufficient data was the position of the associations in mortgage and interest rate futures contracts undertaken often to speculate on turns in the interest rate cycle.
What happens to them, of course, is what happened to all those in that time and place.
I am not a cerified teacher.
We want to release it this year, so it can qualify for an Academy Award, but I don't know if the rules can bend to include a 1927 film.''
The men indicted yesterday were said to be loyal to him.
All the issues, however, are at least matched by an intense personal bitterness between the opposing sides - a bitterness that dates back to previous struggles for control of the City Ballet and Opera.
Then it is sterilized and stored until needed, at which time water is added to make it into a paste or a spongy block.
Jim Flaherty, a writer, will be joined by Carl R. Stewart, 44, art director-partner.
Larson is an alumnus of Oberlin College and the Princeton Theological Seminary.
He will be opening Mr. Rivers's concerts at the Public Theater, making the evenings doubly auspicious.
The top painting at Sotheby's was Picasso's ''Self Portrait: Yo,'' which sold for $5.3 million, the highest price ever paid at auction for 20th-century art.
But perhaps you are unaware of the existence of Consolidated Edison's plants only a short distance from the site of the proposed plant.
But, according to Daniel Yankelovich and Larry Kaagan, two public-opinion specialists writing in a recent issue of Foreign Affairs magazine, 65 percent of the public agreed that the incident, and the way it was handled, decreased American prestige, while 80 percent felt the situation had ''brought the American people together and helped unify the nation.''
Similarly, a fourth chart shows the Federal income tax burden per family growing from about $2,500 in 1970 to about $5,500 in 1980, also in inflated dollars.
The police originally announced that the student was pronounced dead at St. Luke's Hospital a short time after the holdup.
The other thing about ''Sister Aimee'' is that Mr. Gardner, Mr. Holdgreiwe and several members of the cast all seem to have studied or worked in Cincinnati, a city you have probably associated only with a baseball team.
Then she coupled her disdain for Mrs. Tryforos with a plea for women's equality: ''I'm sure it has never occurred to you because you will never be able to think of men and women as equals,'' she wrote, ''but the truth is if one of the few women you do admire'' were to ''adopt the male equivalent of Lynne as lover and richly rewarded boy Friday, you wouldn't ask them back to dinner a second time.''
But that project as well as others now in progress, ranging from a study of how icebergs deteriorate to search-and-rescue procedures, if they are to be completed at all, may have to turned over to someone else.
On the other hand, Mr. Kwai has had no trouble finding good chickens in Jordan or even bringing in shrimp from Kuwait.
There was no excuse for those baskets on offensive rebounds by Orr when you're in a death struggle.''
They See Eventual Approval of B-1 Administration officials and members of Congressional staffs said they thought the B-1 would be approved by both houses after a struggle.
Mayor Koch's proposed budget containing a financial projection for the next four years, which provides the first opportunity in a long time for real optimism about New York City's prospects, is notable for the administration's restraint in how it expects to allocate the city's increasing revenues.
Mr. Pepin warned them today that such actions violate the Public Service Staff Relations Act as well as a Federal court injunction issued last October.
People without regular employment could earn up to $6 an hour simply by riding the subway.
When a movie connects, however, it scores as never before.
''I expect that very few Americans will ever have to report anything,'' he added.
Borrowed Reserves Cited The direction of Fed policy, he added, could be seen very clearly in the decline of net borrowed reserves, which, according to the Fed, fell in the statement week ended Wednesday to $131 million from $297 million the week earlier.
Private schools increasingly emphasize that they are no longer the elite institutions they once were, and that the families they serve are very like those who send their children to public schools.
Instead of just slaughtering cattle and shipping the boneheavy carcasses to market, Iowa beef pre-cut the steer, trimmed off much of the bone and fat -thus slashing transportation costs -and shipped the meat in vacuum-packed boxes to the stores.
Richard S. Schweiker, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, has told people in Congress that he was personally opposed to having Dr. Koop as the Federal Government's top doctor, but agreed to accept him if the Reagan Administration would allow him to appoint another physician above him.
DBS (Direct broadcast satellite):A very high-power satellite transmitting pay-TV programming on one or more channels directly to home dishes.
Above: Linen dress with a wide, square-cut neck has cap sleeves and elastic at the waist for comfort.
The group demanded the immediate departure of ''French colonial forces'' from Guadeloupe and warned: ''From now on, we will fight on the soil of the Continent for national independence.''
You get 70 percent, and I get 30 percent.'
WITH its spicy and aromatic counterpoints of flavor, and the lively textural contrasts it affords, the food of Thailand is certainly one of the world's most entertaining and engaging cuisines.
Mr. Miller, a former senior official in the Office of Management and Budget, will give the commission three Republicans and one Democrat, with one post vacant.
(2) - Make those changes.
However, in Peru, the Argentine intelligence operation in June, after the Peruvian military Government had held elections restoring democratic government, produced a political problem for the new President, Fernando Belaunde Terry.
Dr. Kler is a medical historian.
Mr. Bohack, who lived in Boynton Beach, Fla., and Woodhaven, Queens, was 85 years old and had retired two years ago.
A more positive view is taken by Aladar Marburger, director of the Fischbach Gallery, which this season lost Neil Welliver, a muchadmired landscape painter of the Realist school, to the Marlborough Gallery.
If I tire of this, since we always have a large number of older travel books in the country, I can always go abroad with Patrick Leigh Fermor's ''Mani'' on Greece, or Rebecca West's ''Black Lamb and Grey Falcon'' on Yugoslavia.
The judges said the condition ''sweeps too broadly'' and added that, if upheld, it would allow disciplining of Mr. Kropp ''at the whim of the probation officer for conduct generally ignored and sometimes encouraged in the rehabilitation process.''
What about the special problems of an adolescent suffering culture shock on top of growing pains?
Led by costumed figures on stilts from the Bread and Puppet Theater, they walked east on 42d Street, north on Third Avenue and east again at 47th Street, briefly tieing up traffic along the way.
Unless state law is changed, he explained, the state will have to make up the loss.
Hamilton Hall, farther east on Chestnut, can be visited but there are no tours.
In this dream, the man is all ardor and the woman mysterious allure.
For all of '81, he said, Cadillac will sell about 227,000 cars.
And they would blast the failure of our society to recognize that the lost souls of the 60's are today among our most disadvantaged, deprived and shunned young adults - despite gifts of mind and heart which in their earlier years augured such promise.
All opted consciously for architecture.
If he leaves, Jimmy might react like he did when his father left.
''I eat only twice a day.
Add the fish pieces and cover.
As you know, we did not propose to sketch out a policy in fine detail.
STRANGE, isn't it, that a drama about cancer presented in the afternoon for young viewers should turn out to be far more honest, unsparing and dramatically effective than almost every variation of the same overworked theme seen on evening television.
The producers of photographic materials used almost 50 million ounces of the 125 million ounces of silver consumed in the nation last year.
In the marathon, whoever holds it the longest will win.
The Soviets have not built a society; they've built an arsenal.
New York City's new Health Commissioner did not tell Mayor Koch when he applied for the position that he had received hospital treatment for alcoholism last year.
The cause of the accident is being investigated, according to a press statement.
CAMEROON Radio Cameroon (official radio) - In presenting the new draft budget, President Reagan announced a cut in aid to foreign countries and an increase in the defense budget.
''He was a tough bargainer.
If Eugene Gold's tenure as District Attorney was subject to criticism at all, it would not, by any stretch of the imagination, be that he selected his assistants through politics.
People do automatically like nimble, twinkling, genially animated chaps, even when they're no-goods.
Rabbi Max J. Mintz performed the ceremony at the Old Oaks Country Club in Purchase, N.Y.
Miss Ringham had appeared as Eliza Doolittle only twice before, in Boston recently, before being asked to play the role at the matinee last Saturday.
I don't think football is a sport, is fun, is something you enjoy.
It is also negotiating to take over the dilapidated zoos in Prospect and Flushing Meadow Parks.
A Snack-Time Problem At the same time, eating patterns had changed, to the detriment of Jell-O pudding.
The Europeans cannot quarrel openly with this new emphasis since they are even more dependent than the United States on Middle East oil.
Oakland Mayor Testifies League operations, including officiating and security, cost $8.3 million.
The surprise came as the trade realized that the soft red spring crop this season may well exceed 690 million bushels, compared with 427 million last year.''
But she dropped out of school in the 10th grade.
''Outside Over There'' by Maurice Sendak (Harper & Row, $12.95).
The talk will be given at 12:30 P.M. today by Mary Jean Madigan, editor of Art and Antiques magazine, and former curator and assistant director of the Hudson River Museum.
Perdikkas always occupies a vacuum.
Bill T. Jones, a performer with a large and powerful stage presence, assembled the pieces of his ambitious new work prior to filling some tour dates.
A big ''best ever'' thank-you notice is up in the outer ring, the commercial hamlet and lobby area of the huge five-sided military hive.
William Doster performed the ceremony.
One holdout was Enver Hoxha, who had earlier called for a plebiscite in Kosovo.
would set a limit on the size of the payment.
Wayne McKoy added 19 for the East.
The names of the latest victims were not immediately known.
It is a matter of simple self-interest.
Dr. Rollins said that Private Garwood was abandoned by his mother at the age of 4 and that both his parents had had alcohol problems.
Engelhard The Engelhard Minerals and Chemical Corporation, a metals marketer and fabricator, reported yesterday that earnings in the fourth quarter of 1980 dropped 9.1 percent, to $125.2 million, or $1.84 a share, from $137.8 million, or $2.07 a share, in the fourth quarter of 1979.
It put off until today formal notificiation to Congress of its plan to sell the advanced radar planes to Saudi Arabia amid reports that the Saudis had agreed to some adjustments in arrangements for controlling them.
I do remember that the course played so short.
''But I have no hesitancy about saying 'no comment.'
A is the end frame of a saw horse; B appears in a quartered apple; C in the curl of shrimp frying in a pan; Q in a ring of keys; Z in the supporting braces of a barn door.
Our children's outlook on life is so much different from ours.
Whatever miracles molecular biologists like Apple come up with, they must be passed on to traditional plant breeders like Qualset.
Tom Kite held second with a total of 204, and Bob Clampett and Denis Watson, a rookie, are at 205.
The Adminstration has announced plans to halt Conrail funds after the 1981 fiscal year.
''I'd been in Houston six seasons.
Classes will be held Monday and Wednesday, 6 to 9 P.M.; Thursday, 10 A.M. to 1 P.M. and 6 to 9 P.M., and Saturday, 10 A.M. to 1 P.M. To register, call 355-8302.
South reasoned that a singleton diamond would have been led promptly, and that West would have preferred a trump lead from 10-x-x to a diamond from a nondescript holding.
Mr. Rooney's enthusiasm is contagious.
Mr. Goldstick, a real-estate lawyer for the firm of Goldstick, Weinberger, Feldman, Alperstein and Taishoff, suggested that the board of directors institute a fee for owners selling their apartments.
With more than 95 percent its flights operating on schedule, Mr. McGuire said, Piedmont's third-quarter profits should ''meet or exceed'' those of last year.
But looking on the bright side, President Reagan told ABC's Barbara Walters, ''In a sense, he's made an offer to reduce by a certain number the missiles that are there.
Otherwise, the program offered a number of arresting items.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees.
Former State Senator Martin L. Greenberg, Mr. Wynn's attorney, was unsuccessful in urging the commission to seal them.
And, as a result, the right wins.''
Three blast furnaces, each 23 stories high, have been giving off carbon monoxide and carbon dioxide.
he asked, never removing the cigar from his mouth.
A nerve in her arm was severed and a rib was cracked.
''Labor with no place to go to work is worthless,'' and ''business can't do it without a good labor force,'' the Governor said in an interview earlier this year.
A semi-autonomous arm of the Board of Education and one of the few organizations of its kind in the country, the agency is responsible for preparing tests for 1,000 specialized licenses that educational personnel need to work in the city.
Pass Pass Pass West led the heart eight.
Using the little-used side of your brain.
Mr. Goldensohn asked a colleague, Dr. Arthur H. Westing, professor of ecology and dean of natural science at the college i n Amherst, Mass.
Farrell has had contact with the legal profession and he dislikes what he has experienced.
Today, more than 1.5 million copies of The Sunday Times include the Book Review, and 66,000 copies are distributed independently.
The Landmarks dwindled in the late 1960's, when the youthful generation proclaimed that ''history is irrelevant.''
The meadow here, as it has for 24 years, provides the site each September for the Salisbury Flea Market, the original outdoor antiques show.
Fares are $66.55 one-way, $126.45 round-trip.
The defendant, William Masselli, 55 years old, of Yonkers, operator of construction and meat-processing firms in the Bronx, pleaded guilty to charges contained in two Federal indictments.
The new procedure will not benefit Williams.
The millionaires are gone, but their houses, churches and public buildings remain as a visual treat for the lover of Victoriana.
(With dramatic sopranos Milanov could be merciless.)
General Moore asserted that there were many similarities between his military experiences and his new responsibilities at Emery.
Dr. Petrovic said another problem was inadequate treatment for addicts, adding: ''Only a 10-member voluntary crew in a clinic currently deals with drug addiction.
What better time than Christmas Day to recall this counsel?
These tomatoes (priced at $5.50 a quarter-pound) are delicious on a slice of crusty bread that has been rubbed with garlic.
Perhaps Tuesday's results will encourage a newer and fresher and more responsible group of leaders to emerge from black and Hispanic neighborhoods.
The constitutional principles were described by the senior American official, who is an aide to Secretary of State Alexander M. Haig Jr., as forming a kind of ''bill of rights.''
Mr. Haig said President Reagan had seen the ''60 Minutes'' program on Mr. Wallenberg and told the State Department to get behind the effort to help free him.
''When you see so-and-so,'' I tell my neighbor, ''tell him the touch football game will be at 'squirrel field' after school.
They defended a contract of three spades by East that proved unmanageable.
Xerox, it turns out, has invested quite heavily in craft objects.
Its original bid for Garfinckel was $48 but that was raised to $53 a share.
It is a portrait of an American city.
Genesco directors initially sided with the son, but removed him in 1977 at a time of declining fortunes for the company and went on a search culminating in Mr. Hanigan's appointment as board chairman.
But in truth so dismal has the story long since become - so clogged are the pages with Mr. Lemay's undigested anger - that we are, more than anything, numb by the end.
Until May 1980, France, the former colonial power in Chad, kept troops there, sustaining a black Christian regime in a 15-year civil war with northern light-skinned Moslems.
The rods will be loaded in a specially designed 25-ton cask for the trip to the Battelle-Columbus Laboratories in West Jefferson, Ohio.
The proposal was identical to the Senate-passed measure that was co-sponsored by Senator Alfonse M. D'Amato, Republican of New York.
Gura (1-2) struck out five, walked one and hit a batter in ending Milwaukee's four-game winning streak.
In between will be months of negotiations, designed to shape the contracts themselves.
No manned spacecraft has ever had to be removed from the launching pad for repairs.
When Paulucci Publications, of which he is chairman and chief exeutive, started two years ago he was committed to spending $2 million.
The Supreme Court Justices themselves have made annual disclosures since the law took effect.
The exhibition is open Mondays through Fridays from 10 A.M. to 5 P.M., Wednesday evenings until 9 and Saturdays and Sundays from 1 to 5 P.M.
837, and the Palm Too, across the street at No 840.
Presenting a wild melange of shows by artists, community residents, children, graffiti-makers and other creators, Fashion Moda has been a resounding success with its South Bronx audience, and has attracted the attention of the glossy art world that it left behind in Manhattan.
The security forces intervened and rescued the wounded guards, but a prisoner was killed.
Both of them joined the company in opposing the takeover.
One play earlier Lovric had missed on a 32-yard attempt.
The same DNA segments produced cancers when injected into living mice.
Similarly many inkwells made from bottle glass in the same colors and the same kind of mold as the flasks are known as Pitkin or Pitkin-type inkwells.
His denunciations of Mr. Giscard d'Estaing were well received, though some of his exposition of his economic proposals was less than fully attended to.
Scheuer (D) A Y Y N 12.
The purpose was also to ease the burden on the curtailed work force by reducing overtime and allowing postponed vacation time to be taken.
Mr. Barnard tells his story with wry humor, for there are few quirks in the human condition that escape him.
It settled at 115.73 cents a pound for September delivery.
''Reporting'' by Lillian Ross, originally published by Simon and Schuster, consists of seven pieces that appeared in the New Yorker.
It is assumed here that the ''Algerian'' statement is Iran's diplomatic shorthand for the American proposals passed on by the Algerians.
''I'm looking at things like that.''
''The filthy rich have no desire to leave,'' he said.
Courses: Chinese, Confections, Bread and Pastry.
''The issue of safety from the scientific side is totally dead,'' said one prominent specialist who wished to remain unnamed because he is involved in a genetics firm setting up laboratories in the Boston area.
Maybe she ought to discover her characters first, and then see what they do as a consequence of who they are.
''We don't teach that kind of baseball where you miss the cutoff man,'' he said.
Theoretically such bonuses would spur individual goals at the expense of team goals.
I think it's a good bill.''
Group on 19th Century The 19th century also has its own interest group.
Miss Gray's logic is dismaying, but so are the statistics on teen-age pregnancy.
12NO LOVE LOST, by Helen Van Slyke.
John Sheldon, publisher of The Alamosa Valley Courier and chairman of the board of the Colorado Press Association, died at home of a heart attack yesterday.
He is now a sportscaster on cable television; he also served as a technical adviser for ''Miracle on Ice.'')
voted last summer by a narrow margin to sign a television contract with NBC.
Once he comes under Farley's tutelage, the young man goads the elder for his clerical cowardice.
''But there are a lack of alternatives from the political parties.
Pausing to tut-tut and otherwise deplore what they saw in the Central Park Zoo, they ended at the bandshell with music, dance and a Creature Congress.
No environment presents too great a challenge.
He also said he narrowly missed being caught near the Sacramento, Calif., airport by several armed men whose identification or official affiliation, if any, he did not know.
Libyan Diplomats Expelled Libyan armed forces under the command of Col. Muammar el-Qaddafi, the leader of the militant Arab nation in North Africa, invaded Chad earlier this year.
I was so caught up in the feelings and thoughts that I didn't accomplish much.
1 team in major college football yesterday in the final polls of The Associated Press and United Press International.
There has been some doubt in Washington that Mr. Reagan would embrace a radically optimistic outlook for slowing inflation lest he be embarrassed politically if it does not come to pass.
Know who you are and where you want to go.''
The craft, which requires no storage batteries, made the 165-mile flight from a Paris suburb to England in five and a half hours, averaging 30 miles an hour.
Furthermore, the amount of the deduction would generally remain limited to the person's gross income derived from the secondary business, reduced by deductions such as interest and certain taxes that are allowable without regard to use of residence.
Although many viewers considered the half-hour programs inferior to the original, "Evening Edition" retained much of the established format.
It must be some kind of experiment to see how long people can survive without sleep or food.''
Those runs helped Ron Guidry cruise through seven innings, in which he allowed only Steve Yeager's bases-empty homer and three other hits.
The shootings, which witnesses said occurred a few moments apart on Canal Street, the main thoroughfare on the edge of the French Quarter, marred an otherwise peaceful celebration.
''The chickens have come home to roost.''
Unemployment in Britain is up to nearly 2.5 million, industrial production dropped 5 percent in 1980 and is headed for about the same this year.
Pointing to the speaker in the master bedroom, he says: ''Every half hour, you get an explosion.
Two others are still missing.
Mr. Henson, whose $2 billion Kansas City-based telephone company is an extremely distant third to A.T.& T., said that he would not voluntarily rule out getting into the electronic news business, even if Bell excludes itself ''mostly for political reasons.''
Dorothy Bush, of Naples, Fla., the party's secretary since 1944, was also re-elected.
Here, service and reliability are the important factors and an airline that serves free drinks, as all the major airlines do, and provides on-time service will win friends and passengers.
Mathias, Republican of Maryland, leaders of the forces defending busing, smiled broadly at the outcome.
At a meeting of his Quebec wing of the Liberal Party, which has 74 of the province's 75 seats in the House of Commons, Mr. Trudeau offered to try to render the proposals more acceptable to Mr. Levesque.
The projection system is automated, enabling one man to operate five theaters.
There is some thought in the publishing industry that reprinting oft-told tales is safer in a sluggish economy than taking a chance on an untried idea.
The light beam ''sees'' right through surface blemishes to the pristine information below.
A leading practitioner of facial reconstruction, Stanley Rhine, associate professor of anthropology at the University of New Mexico, has been working with C. Elliott Moore, a graduate student, to collect information about tissue thicknesses that will bring the 1898 data up to date and take into account differences based on age and race as well as sex.
And except for the playoffs and the World Series, the opportunity in Houston for national attention is limited.
The commissioner of the Big Eight, Carl James, said yesterday that the conference would ''cooperate fully'' with a Federal investigation of allegations that three conference basketball games late this season were fixed, according to a report by The Associated Press.
''It is extremely important,'' he said, ''that the bank in its control, structure and operation should be, and be seen to be, completely independent of the South African Government and its administration.''
Mr. Ferrer said he knew of no new theaters anywhere in the United States that were good from an actor's viewpoint, and Mr. Randall agreed.
Because America is undergoing a salutation crisis, that's why.
The Rolling Stones' 1981 American tour may turn out to be the biggest moneymaker in the 25-year history of rock and roll.
If there's a single characteristic that unites this season's visitors, it's that they are all bland, if appealing-looking people; they're not the sort of actors, like many American stars, whose personal magnetism alone could cause riots on the streets.
It was signed by Governor Byrne on Thursday at a ceremony in front of a synagogue in Teaneck that was desecrated two years ago.
Edward A. McDonald, the prosecutor, finished direct examination of Mr. Hill early in the afternoon.
The author, who had read other Kafka works, said that he had not read that one.
A goverment of literary critics could be counted on to outlaw all euphemisms, especially in the field of politics, economics and psychotherapy.
Following the singing came the traditional Berber dance, an odd, impossible caper in which the participants stand about three feet from one another and shake their shoulders violently.
Cost to Taxpayers Others are also concerned about broader policy implications, such as the cost to taxpayers.
''If a woman is sitting on a plane and the hostess offers her a fashion magazine and offers the men a business or news magazine, the assumption makes me mad,'' she said.
''They told me about the welding course they were setting up.
We will be leaving our house unoccupied for several months this winter.
But no determination has been made, pending consultations with key leaders in Congress.
Although other visitor services, including lodgings and stores, are reduced after Labor Day, all services, including accommodations, food and gasoline, continue to operate in the surrounding gateway communities to the park.
Dr. Milton Greenblatt, executive vice president of the school of psychiatry at the University of California at Los Angeles, said the tanks might have some beneficial use for relaxation or behavior modification.
The rally started early this afternoon, as 17 Klansmen emerged from behind a building in central Meriden into an area guarded by state and local police.
Salomon Brothers estimates for bellwether issues
IN the shambles of the Yankees' 9-2 loss that enabled the Dodgers to win the World Series last night, the question was asked over and over and over, as it will be asked over and over and over for the next several days, the next several weeks, possibly the next several years - why did the Yankee manager, Bob Lemon, remove Tommy John for a pinch-hitter, Bobby Murcer, with the score at 1-1 and runners on second and first in the fourth inning?
The man ordered the driver to stop the bus near Erick at about 7:30 A.M., they said, and, accompanied by a passenger, stepped out and threw the gun down as the police closed in.
He explained that he did not believe there was enough time to complete the negotiations.
''Without Sam,'' the Kentucky guard Dirk Minniefield said of his teammate, ''we were overmatched.''
The Federal authorities refused to disclose his whereabouts to his family, and it was not until his appearance at the trial of Mr. Lopez-Rivera that it was made clear that Mr. Mendez had joined the Federal witness protection program and agreed to provide evidence on the terrorist group.
''Their position has been that they have the right to make transfers and they don't have to answer to anyone.''
William T. Archey, Acting Commissioner of Customs, said at a news conference that customs agents had been ''well within their rights'' when they searched the Aeroflot plane and seized three boxes of cargo suspected of containing ''high technology defense-related items.''
Mr. Wallop said the Republican leadership of the Senate could ignore the committee's call for a delay in the expulsion vote, but he added, ''I see no reason why they would not abide by our recommendations.''
The house on Peach Street in Brentwood has four bedrooms and a two-bedroom upstairs apartment with a kitchen and bath.
Halsey Peckworth, editor of Platt's Oilgram Price Report, said these grades of oil are selling as much as $1.15 under their official price on the spot, or noncontract, market.
Where laissez faire is an article of faith and planning seems sometimes to be considered a sin?
A. Martin Burdick, assistant deputy commissioner of Human Resources Administration, said that errors or abuses stemmed from mistakes or fraud in determining eligibility and benefit levels, clients' illegal acquisition of duplicate stamp authorizations, forgery of authorizations, and counterfeiting.
Among his posts at Campbell were the presidencies of two units - Champion Valley Farms and Pepperidge Farm.
Page said that the insulation cracks would not have created any problems if those fueling operations had been in preparation for a real launching.
Glass is interested in staging the Hearns-Benitez match as part of a closed-circuit television hookup in mid-March, along with the heavyweight fight between Gerry Cooney and Ken Norton, which was to have headlined the Garden show.
* Note: I've just eaten a large plate of crow.
In my opinion, Mr. Darrah is the Celt of the earth, and I very much want to be buried in a boat.
The police said more bodies could still be buried in the wreckage.
For lack of a scapegoat (how do you talk back to a cold dry wind?
football B18 Larry Brown feels ties to U.C.L.A.
It was not immediately known whether Mr. Berwid, who had served as his own lawyer during the nonjury trial, planned to appeal the verdict.
................................. 16 THE BEECHERS: An American Family in the Nineteenth Century.
The joint consent of Governor Carey and Mayor Koch is necessary for a trade-in.
When the medical college announced plans last summer to close the financially beleaguered institute and transfer its services to Flower and Fifth Avenue Hospital in Manhattan, parents of retarded children, backed by representatives from voluntary agencies and employees of the institute, sought help from state and local authorities in an attempt to keep the institute in the county.
Begin, who made the charge at a news conference outside his office, did not disclose the number of soldiers said to be involved.
What was unthinkable then is now a matter of course.
''The good news on Westway,'' Mr. Carey said, ''should be accompanied by agreement on my mass transit proposal for capital improvements which is now before the Legislature.''
This is Dr. Fontaine's limerick on the same passage: For my old age, appoint me a prop So my work needn't falter or stop: Let me teach him his stuff Until he's had enough, And my maxims he surely will top.
(This division between the camps of reformers and suffragists is historically important, because it presages the split between organized women a generation later, when supporters of protective labor legislation for women split from supporters of the Equal Rights Amendment after it was first proposed in 1923.)
''Canary'' also has murder, a police whitewash, and a record company official who is determined to ferret out the truth.
''Four of the machines didn't properly count the write-ins,'' Mrs. Lyons said last week.
MYRIAM SARACHIK Professor of Physics City College of New York New York, July 28, 1981
''They are Ford LTD's, mostly '76's, '77's and '78's.
In April, WBBM-TV, the CBS-owned station in Chicago, devoted an hour to examining reporting techniques in ''Watching the Watchdog.''
Richardson made his first free throw to reach the final score of 114-111, but he missed the second, giving Atlanta a final chance at a tie and overtime.
In Finland, for example, the conception rate peaks in June and July, when Finns are exposed to about 20 hours of sunlight a day.
Tickets are $4; $2 for students and the elderly.
The latest survey, covering the period from mid-August to mid-September, calls for an average gain of 11.6 percent in profits for companies in Standard & Poor's 500-stock index.
Try to make it art under those circumstances.''
Perhaps the touchiest request will be $39 million in the 1982 budget to extend the runways at Diego Garcia, the British-owned island 2,000 miles south of the Strait of Hormuz.
Perkins was unsure who would fill in for Sunday's regular-season opener here against the Philadelphia Eagles.
And I missed Louis Jackson on the sideline."
Marian Wright Edelman, president of the Children's Defense Fund, termed the Administration's proposals ''profoundly inequitable'' and ''devastating,'' after a meeting with representatives of scores of groups that are planning lobbying efforts to thwart the Reagan plan.
(7) Senator Williams agreed to receive a loan of money for the aforesaid business venture, and to receive a share of the proceeds from the sale of that venture, together with an equity interest in the ongoing venture, in return for representations that he would use his official position in the United States Senate to introduce and aid the progress of legislation which would assist an individual in immigrating to the United States, in conflict with his duties as a United States Senator and in violation of Rule 37 of the Senate Code of Conduct.
''I feel,'' Mr. Smith declared, ''that America must stand beside and support Israel.
Here are some of the people and firms that have figured in recent major battles: Lawyers: The two best-known takeover lawyers are Joseph Flom of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom, and Martin Lipton of Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz.
The announcement said Ambassador Deane R. Hinton and Foreign Minister Fidel Chavez Mena had signed an agreement for a 25-year loan on Friday, bringing the amount allocated for special food aid this year to $26.2 million.
''When I started, I was doing only architecture.''
But many manufacturers do it anyway.
He'll appear in the hall's John Drew Theater.
Yet his chief personality flaw (insofar as his personality can be said to exist) is not hedonism but overseriousness.
In the years since then he has remained in the frontline of the contemporary directions of jazz.
More than 9,000 people, mostly workers and students, have been killed during the past year, and fear obviously keeps many people from expressing sympathy for the left.
As Williams struggled to score in the middle of the period, he was guarded closely by Lucas.
The historian Gilbert Chinard called Jefferson's literary legacy ''the richest treasure house of information ever left by a single man.''
State Department officials cited two other examples, in addition to that of Mr. Close, in which the current business activities of former C.I.A.
But unless monitored closely, it might be pressured into approving one of the industry's more devious bail-out schemes.
In fact, it seems astonishing that a condition of hairiness would be remarkable at all in the Paris of 1923.
If your old home movies are in reasonably good shape (good splices, no torn sprocket holes, all dirt removed) you can have them transferred to videotape inexpensively (Fotomat charges $34 for one hour's worth of taped movies).
A van overcrowded with preschool children slid off a narrow bridge in the rain today and plunged 14 feet into a creek bed, where it burst into flames.
John Jay 77, Baruch 58 James Wilson scored 22 points to lead John Jay (7-2) over Baruch.
Why do the anti-handgun groups talk about 10,000 handgun murders last year?
Then someplace warm for maybe five days' vacation before I head for spring training.''
''Helen Hayes, who lives in Nyack, has come to some of our shows and Lotte Lenya (also a local resident) led the applause in a standing ovation for 'Berlin to Broadway,' '' a spokesman said about a playhouse production of a revue by Miss Lenya's husband, Kurt Weill.
Some even say that barter has already reached that level.
There was California champagne and French wine at the $100,000 reception catered by Universal and held in the lobby of the institute after the service.
A genealogist and three of the maternal cousins testified at today's hearing.
After submitting to a seven-hour interrogation yesterday aboard a Swedish torpedo boat, the Soviet officer, Lieut.
Edward Yardeni, chief economist at E.F. Hutton & Company, said the market took the news ''quite calmly.''
You won't need averages to tell you whether he's Hall of Fame material.
Then in 1977 he signed with the Mets, and last year became the rookie pitching star of their bullpen.
If you are poor and need public help, then you get welfare and the stigma that goes with it.
Normally, banks raise or lower their loan rates by one-half to one percentage point.
For at that time the French were discovering the East, attracted to its musical scales and its evocative images.
The $800 million figure, Mr. Gopstein said, is based on the assumption not only that all the relief sought by the women's lawyers will be granted and that pension systems to which teachers and Board of Education employees belong will be included eventually, but also that certain aspects of the pension system that discriminate against men will have to be corrected.
As they prepared for the return to earth, Colonel Engle and Captain Truly followed almost exactly the same course pioneered last April by the first pilots to fly the Columbia, Capt.
There is a long waiting list for such jobs, which pay $5 to $7 an hour, but the Tongans did such good jobs that city departments asked for more of them, he added.
After struggling into their neoprene wetsuits, and spraying them with silicone to make the rubberlike material easier to slither into, the two splashed backward over the deck and into the cold, dark water.
In 1937, 46 percent of the Americans responding to a Gallup Poll question said they would vote for a Jewish Presidential candidate, and by 1978 the figure had risen to 82 percent.
What is bound to prove to be a spur to collecting in this field is an important exhibition of quality American Indian art which remains on view through Saturday at Alexander Gallery, 996 Madison Avenue, at 77th Street.
Still water fly fishing has become enormously popular in England and much of the information in John Veniard's Reservoir and Lake Flies (St. Martin's Press Inc.), although it is basically concerned with that fishery, is of value to the angler in American waters.
Determined to Be Arrested Mr. Baldwin recommended marching to City Hall and protesting.
They could lose to anybody, but they had to beat Lenox.''
I don't think it's over.
The 46-year-old Mr. DelBello is a careful administrator, an artful politician and an effective vote-getter, especially among the county's growing numbers of independent voters.
John WalkerNew Zealand Thomas Wessinghage W. Ger.
Mr. Ratchford agrees that the new rules hardly solve the special interest problem on Capitol Hill, since legislators continue to receive millions of dollars in campaign contributions from such interests every year.
10 7 8 THE CARDINAL SINS, by Andrew M. Greeley.
''He creates and somehow justifies them.''
''You know,'' Caroline Kennedy, the daughter of the late President, said at one point, ''I recognized a lot of those staff people at the White House.
Olsten is worried that all its trainees will go off to full-time jobs after a free round of instruction and leave them stranded.
To their disappointment, however, the dirigible was rigid in its structure and they saw nothing.
Lehigh, which led by 30-21 at halftime, was paced by Fred Ketcho's 20 points.
The historical society seeks additional information about the location of furniture made in the county and about Westchester cabinetmakers.
''Now we have seen some withdrawal from the market of copycat investor buying, which was quite unhealthy.
The book is sold in the inns that it mentions as well as in bookstores, and ''Country Inns Cookbook,'' an offshoot, is in the works.
These provisions, Mr. Crane said, will help him continue to reduce the size of the railroad so that it will better match its lower volume of traffic, which has fallen about 24 percent since Conrail was created.
She asked about Mr. Wallenberg, and President Carter promised continued efforts to ascertain Mr. Wallenberg's status.
to the contemporary charting of space and the ocean floor.
He is also concerned about the direction the City Ballet would take after Balanchine and about the amount of control he would have: ''I've said to Lincoln Kirstein (the founder and general director of City Ballet) - I can tell him what's on my mind - that I don't want to be only a curator of a museum.
He has paid visits to some of the corporate headquarters in Fairfield County and has fit business groups into his speaking schedule around the state.
Focus of City Festival The shanties began to reappear at the start of the year, shortly after it was discovered that the smelt had returned.
Fran Hatcher, 26, of 300 East 104th Street, who had been walking on Second Avenue, recalled seeing the blue Cadillac ''swerving through the intersection'' at 104th Street and Second Avenue.
Iraq denounced as ''lies'' today Iran's statement yesterday that Iranian troops had broken the Iraqi siege of Abadan.
UConn 57, South Florida 50 HARTFORD (AP) - Chuck Aleksinas scored 4 points in the last halfminute to lead Connecticut (8-1) to the championship of the Connecticut Mutual Classic.
The threat of Soviet intervention in Polan is also cited by proponents of grain restraint.
Vornado Inc., o perator of the Two Guys discount department store chain, report ed yesterday that it had a loss of $10.3 million in the second fiscal quarter of 1981, ended Aug. 1, more than nine times theloss of $1.1 million recorded in the similar 1980 quarter.
Another Administration intelligence specialist speculated: ''While the Soviets are coming to have particularly bad feelings about the Reagan Administration, they believe that the forces that made past Presidents move toward detente will do so again.
Dan A. Pederson was given a nonpunitive letter of censure by Vice Adm. Robert F. Schoultz, commander of the Naval Air Force, United States Pacific Fleet.
The county took over a moribund private bus system and began to expand and modernize it.
ALMOST 46 years ago, George Gershwin's ''Porgy and Bess'' opened on Broadway to lukewarm reviews, and it took the following seven years before the DuBose Heyward story was transformed into the popular opera that it is today.
In short, drawing on economists from Ibn Khaldun (1332-1406) to our contemporaries, Mr. Bartlett urges that it is better for all that Government should follow policies that reduce taxes, which will encourage production rather than consumption.
Outstanding in a couple of short scenes is Pamela Peyton-Wright as Donna's mother, a woman of unexpected character and warmth and not a bit of sentimentality.
There are still strong arguments for abandonment of the project, and they are not just environmental, consumerist arguments.
The Senate budget was similiar to the $689 billion conservative fiscal blueprint adopted by the House last week.
''And then when we get that done, then we'll go for tax cuts and so forth.
It was a quick step from that to ''gruntwork,'' on the analogy of ''paperwork,'' meaning the kind of job nobody likes to do.
After the census figures showed that New York City had lost population and that rearrangement of the current 33 Council districts would require Manhattan and the Bronx to lose one member each, Mr. Cuite directed that an alternative plan be devised.
If West had produced an honor on the second round of hearts, Lawrence would have had to think hard about the location of the other honor.
The Awacs has nine ''multipurpose display consoles'' for the mission crew; the Nimrod six.
Transplant when the ground is still open and workable, preferably in late fall.
I'd have to honestly say that probably most of us wanted George Bush to get the Republican Presidential nomination last year.
The backup Skylab was not needed after the original Skylab was successfully launched in 1973.
The occupation of the American Embassy in Iran had begun.
The consulting firm will now be called Canter, Achenbaum Associates.
It's nice that there's a ray of hope somewhere.
Mr. Simon stressed that if others had wanted such a deal, the United States would have offered it to other foreign governments as well.
(AP) - Rick Honeycutt, a left-hander, pitched a six-hitter, and Billy Sample drove in three runs for Texas as the Rangers ended a three-game losing streak.
Since 1947, they have won 1,709 games, lost 266 and swept national titles in nine of the last 10 years.
''It is the impasse of Sadat's policy,'' he wrote.
''Look at those ladies,'' said Jerry Seabrooks, who had just served a year in jail.
Today, she repeated that theme, stressing that her recent absence from the tour would lessen her burden now.
The supply-side chatechism got a new and important adherent when Treasury Secretary Donald T. Regan, previously a traditionalist, told a Senate committee that the ''tax program cannot wait until budget outlays are reduced.''
It sagged when the regular season began.
They are a good summary of next season's styles.
The White House and the State Department insisted today, that the request for repeal of the Clark Amendment did not mean anything more than that the Administration, during its ''honeymoon'' period with Congress, wanted to remove impediments to its freedom of action.
Another senator asked why Mr. Stockman's wristwatch was still on daylight saving time, and a third retorted that it was because the visitor was never any good with numbers.
No longer does being fired guarantee - or even suggest - a career's end.
He also declined to say whether he thought Vice President Mondale should run for President in 1984.
The police said they arrested a 23-year-old Armenian suspect 10 minutes after the killing.
He also indicated he might support repeal of rules ranging from ownership and licensing curbs to the fairness doctrine.
As if by rote, his patient wife explains that they are penniless and are eating breakfast cereal for dinner.
The manufacturing arm will have more authority to sell to other companies and all operating arms will have more control over personnel and purchasing decisions.
Rates Could Be 12% ''The market is such that our underwriters have told us that this is the optimum amount of debt that we should be incurring,'' said Thomas DeRogatis, a deputy comptroller.
But he said that it was rejected by other State Department officials concerned that it might suggest that the United States, which had been pushing for a political settlement of the Salvadoran conflict, ''did not have faith in the ability of the Salvadorans to resolve their own problems.''
It is made of a nylon-parapack fabric and comes in blue with an orange trim.
The commission mediators charged that they had been misled by the British Government into thinking that it would accept proposed changes in prison conditions.
Pepsico bottles Pepsi Cola, Teem and Mountain Dew, makes snack foods such as Frito-Lay and Doritos and operates the Pizza Hut and Taco Bell restaurants and Wilson Sporting Goods.
The Reader's Digest had filed a suit to block the commission's inquiry on whether distribution of the tapes in the 1980 Presidential primaries violated a law against corporate expenditures in political campaigns.
Several other witnesses corroborated the child's statements in testimony this afternoon, including the girl's mother, an Onslow County sheriff's detective and a Raleigh psychiatrist who examined the child last September.
Present and former staff members at the magazines say, however, that the process involves not only coincidence, but also elements of intent and competitive drive because the covers are so important to the magazines, both as a news decision and as a factor in marketing.
Eckersley then averted a big inning for the Yankees when Revering grounded into a double play on which Gamble scored.
Weeklong Boycott Not Invoked The 48-hour boycott, reported by a Portuguese news agency, ANOP, was a retreat from an earlier threat to stage a seven-day boycott of United States flights.
Sunday evening, Dennis Brown, a powerful, honey-voiced singer who has tried his hand at both fire-and-brimstone religious parables and the mellow pop reggae Jamaicans call ''lovers rock,'' will be at the Ritz on East 11th Street.
For the first time tonight, the Government conceded that it did indeed plan an anti-strike law.
The Prestons never had children, ''and in a way, it's been a blessing.
The other thing the ice show is is smiles, dozens of smiles - sometimes it seems hundreds.
''The inevitable committee,'' said the professor, ''will come in with the inevitable report including the inevitable political straddle and the inevitable finding that potentially explosive changes are under way, which will be true since they always are, whether anybody is rioting or not.
Last Friday, 104 members of the House of Representatives sent President Reagan a letter urging him to keep the special investigations office financed.
A Federal Court of Appeals declared last year that it was "permissible and appropriate" for local school boards "to make decisions based upon their personal, social, political and moral views."
You can go outside, you can feel it - the mood is not so good.''
Part of the optic nerve goes to the brain's vision center and the other part goes to a section of the hypothalamus, the superchiasmatic nucleus, which is the body's internal clock.
The well that would supply them with water is still visible to the left of the entrance.
In the sixth, the Phillies crept one run closer when Rose singled off Kingman's glove and made second when Kingman tossed the ball away.
He was disillusioned when the opening diamond lead was won with the ace in dummy and South ruffed a diamond.
The service must be priced carefully, a problem faced in Bridgeport, where in an effort to get the monthly cost below the level charged by insurance companies, at one point the H.M.O.
Mr. Mubarak said that he was proud that the delegation of the United States, Egypt's chief ally, was the largest of all, according to Mr. Wright.
Until recently the British had the reputation of being the best trained and worst equipped of any of the major forces on the central front.
So what if you can't make it to London for a firsthand look at that city's avant-garde fashions?
''The company used to give you a new porch, steps, floor, roof, you know, whatever,'' Josephine Gresham, another tenant, recalled.
JOAN G. EHRENFELD, Middlesex, N.J.
The directors, Inverna Lockpez and Carole Rothman, eventually do catch up with the playwright, but not until the final third of the intermissionless, 85-minute evening.
''It's unconscionable to have that kind of markup on something that is just an ordinary thing in Italy or France.''
Tocks Island would have placed a 160-foot dam across the Delaware, creating a 37-mile long reservoir on it.
While the council will be asking that the petition be thrown out of court, the very request for judicial review is of interest as questions of government accountability for its arts support are raised.
We've had no complaints in the last six or eight months.''
Earlier, the Ocean County Planning Board called for a boycott of the plan and the Cape May County Board of Chosen Freeholders told the commission that Cape May County ''cannot and will not'' comply, at least for the time being.
In addition, Juliette Zeelander, violinist, joined Mr. Sicroff for de Hartmann's Violin and Piano Sonata (1937).
cummings and pauses to write, just for fun, a magazine piece on country mailboxes.
Dr. Baruch said in a telephone interview that the expectations for themselves of the women surveyed were largely based on the experiences of their parents, particularly their mothers.
The first two editions, however, have been disappointing.
For Dr. Schreibman, the project is a continuation of a longtime study of platyfish, which he took up after tiring of being bitten by hamsters he had been studying.
As many as 85 percent of trains were late during morning rush hours, by as much as 90 minutes, during the extended cold spell earlier this month when the thermometer dropped to 1 and 2 degrees some days.
The former is an urbane, choreographed octet that de-emphasized flashly stagecraft in favor of musical precision.
''I came away with a feeling that Israeli settlements are necessary, as is necessary Arab self-rule or autonomy.
Then, last month, just after the department had raised its backing to $1.5 billion so private investors would lend all the money needed to build the North Dakota plant, a Federal appeals court ruled that the agency that regulates pipeline charges had overstepped its authority in approving a price schedule for the synthetic gas.
Preposterous as his thesis is - it has attracted very few adherents - that it could even be stated and argued is evidence of the surprising fact that many people today know little or nothing about Nazi genocide during the Second World War.
And to a large extent, today's board action was influenced by Moody's Investor Service Inc., the bond rating organization that last week lowered its rating on the bonds for the two affected plants from A-1 to Baa-1.
Bronze Star with valor device: James Fort, Cumberland City, Tenn.; George H. Redmond, Greensboro, N.C.; William R. Dustman, Albany, Ore., deceased; Samuel L. Jenkins, El Paso, Texas; Robert H. Preston, Silver Spring, Md.
I applaud the Congress for its efforts and its achievements.
AGROUP in Nashville, Tenn., that includes a couple of country and western singers has a tentative agreement to buy 42 percent of the Minnesota Twins from Gabriel Murphy of Washington.
The third argument is that species provide man with direct benefits, many of them economic.
They can be lent, they're easy to send through the mail and they don't need batteries.
A step to ease jail overcrowding was announced in Union County, N.J., where officials ordered the release of 50 prisoners awaiting trial or grand-jury appearances who could not afford to post bail.
This led doctors and public health officers, after an investigation, to warn in the Sept. 19 issue of the medical journal Lancet that ''trout farming provides conditions for easy transmission of leptospires from rats to man.''
The passage of 35 years also reveals something else about ''Annie Get Your Gun'' and the times we live in.
''We took the Bellringer sign with us,'' said Margaret Berwick, president of the Bellringer real-estate company.
If I was giving a ''first'' Italian cookbook it would be ''The Talisman Cookbook'' by Ada Boni (Crown, $7.95).
And when a film or a play is simply a pedestrian vehicle for a moneymaking star - the examples are many and depressing - it is still not much of an issue, except for the self-respect of the theater or the pocketbooks of the customers.
Expectations of continued high interest rates touched off what one analyst called an ''across-the-board retrenchment in commodities'' yesterday, with corn and soybean prices falling to new lows and livestock and precious metals prices declining sharply.
Faced with a cutback in flights because of the controllers' strike, the established airlines, such as Eastern, have been able to use a tactic unavailable to the smaller carriers: They have put on larger planes on heavily traveled routes to accommodate as many passengers as possible.
The vitality of the piece came across fully in Mr. Sollberger's performance, thanks to the variety of tone color that he was able to achieve and the organic continuity that he brought to its unfolding.
The old law permitted, but did not require, retrospective accounting and monthly reporting.
Bruce, also 42, and the commodore of the Cedar Point Yacht Club in Westport, is a financial consultant.
Silver prices fell despite some early strength attributed to reports that Peruvian officials had called for a meeting aimed at getting the United States Government to stop selling silver from its defense stockpile.
The village is named after a hermit who retreated there in the third century A.D.
The dream of making it back to the National Basketball Association never ends for some.
is smaller and has a broader base of technology which will be able to support our 32-bit minicomputer line; our defense systems; our factory automation systems; test and measurement and medical instrumentation work.''
In San Diego, ballots were mailed to registered voters on April 22, together with a postage-paid return envelope.
Acc ording t o the trade group, direct sales - including door-to-doorsales by comp anies such as Avon - are estimated at $9 billion for 1980 and are likely to increase to $10 billion this year.
Too good, today, means a salary ''way over scale - more than $400 a week.''
His father, now retired, was executive vice president and chief financial officer of the Interpublic Group of Companies Inc.
It reflects a sense that fascination with weapons is making us dangerous to the fragile balance of the world.
The museum is primarily for children 4 to 12, Miss Korman said, but many people at either end of the spectrum seem to enjoy it.
The announcer's accent marked it as one more example of the deep involvement here of Argentina, their increasingly despised neighbor.
... With the understanding that 'homosexual' means 'same-sexpreference,' there can be no reasonable linguistic motive for lesbians to object to the term as applied to themselves.
Tonight, Allen will make his first start at tailback for Florida State, against Memphis State.
A defendant criminally charged, and presumed innocent, is entitled to have his behavior judged under the constraints and certainties of the law, such as they are, free of relativists urging their particular individual or group views of ethical ''truths.''
Hundreds of Interviews This view has been supported in visits to areas both rich and poor in food production and consumption and in hundreds of interviews for this series with farmers, agronomists, agricultural economists, nutritionists and policy-makers in the United States and abroad.
The Republicans are in a more delicate situation.
''None of this information was relevant to the security of Canada,'' the report commented.
''At the moment we have Parmesan cheese from four different years, 1974, 1977, 1978 and 1979,'' he said.
And the guys will be taking that extra step for him.''
That conditions are far, far better than they were under Mao and the Gang of Four -shortened for conversation to G-4 by foreign correspondents - is acknowledged.
But since tearing his s houlder in August of last year, he had pitched only fourtimes while h is comeback was interrupted by pain, a weak arm and evena cracked rib .
But only for a little while.
The Helsinki Final Act, signed in 1975 by 35 nations, including the Soviet Union and Poland, contains guarantees about national sovereignty and human rights.
''The story goes,'' says Mr. Mozes, ''that during the war some of the young people in the camps, including Michel, promised themselves if they actually survived they would try to get together again after the war.
Williamsburg 65 65 8,579 1,085 643 58.
It was clear from the surrounding chuckles that the young man's spiel was not taken at face value, especially the part about this particular pigeon having fathered some of Shanghai's most-prized siblings.
Paul Williams, the Arizona State swing man, regained his basketball eligibility yesterday in a reversal of an N.C.A.A.
The March contract closed at $508 an ounce on the Commodity Exchange in New York.
Last Aug. 8, the commission released the portion of the plan that applies to the 368,000-acre Preservation Area.
It began with Mrs. Openhym's inherent love of England and her purchase of a book on her honeymoon trip to London in 1924, which, after 57 years of meticulous dedication, grew into the Openhym collection.
Mrs. Thatcher Reiterates Position But as recently as yesterday, Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher reiterated the Government's firm refusal of their demands, reminding the House of Commons that Mr. Hughes ''was in fact a murderer; let us not mince our words.''
For one thing, the sylph scenes honor the first great Romantic ballet, ''La Sylphide,'' which was set in Scotland.
East put up the king, an error, and South won with the ace.
These include Theodore Roosevelt (''Mornings on Horseback,'' by David McCullough), Warren G. Harding (''The Ohio Gang,'' by Charles L. Mee Jr.), Dwight D. Eisenhower (''Eisenhower and the Cold War,'' by Robert A. Divine, and ''The Eisenhower Diaries,'' edited by Robert H. Ferrell), Thomas Jefferson (''The Sage of Monticello'' by Dumas Malone and ''The Jefferson Scandals,'' by Virginius Dabney) - and Truman (''The Autobiography of Harry S. Truman,'' edited by Robert H. Ferrell, and ''Harry S. Truman in Family: The Truman Family's Personal Correspondence,'' edited by the very busy Margaret Truman.)
Conakry, the capital, now is a tacky vestige of what once was evidently a pleasant tropical town.
Dr. Carl Kohn, pastor of the Zion's Hill church, officiated.
In the race against inflation.
In 1928 she and her husband, the late Walter N. Rosenau, moved to New York, where he was a member of the New York Stock Exchange.
(Charlie's father came from Germany and his mother from Hungary; Joe's people are Czechoslovak.)
The director is Mike Nussbaum.
*3*** COMPANY REPORTS ** View Full Article in Timesmachine 
At the same time, one must include the truism ''We breed them, you feed them.''
''Since they opened, our business has really suffered.''
In general, the shorter the depreciation time period, the greater the tax break.
Administrators spend more time raising funds so tuition costs can be held down, keeping the school within reach of the many rather than the few, and expanding rather than cutting back scholarship distribution.
''His 'Trinity' is all about the company and the way the dancers feel about each other,'' said Denise Jackson, a fast-moving slip of a dancer who, with Beatriz Rodriguez, holds the position of company ballerina.
With so many toys, so many bicycles, so many trifles ... .
Authorities also discovered that Mr. Jennings's palm print matched one lifted from a North Valley Stream home that had been burglarized in August 1978 - a burglary to which Mr. Jennings subsequently confessed.
Mr. Saura and Mr. Gades manage to create a gripping film.
Russian military strategists must be smiling at the debate raging here over the Awacs.
A West Berlin court overturned a 1933 verdict and declared the defendant not guilty.
TRENTON (UPI) - Most of New Jersey's 100,000 hotels and apartment buildings do not have the fire alarms and smoke detectors required by a law enacted last January, the state's Division of Housing said yesterday.
In any case, in March 1982 the agreements under which MCI is charged for connections to the Bell System expire.
Photographing public gatherings or demonstrations by satellite would not necessarily be illegal, according to officials.
''They feel the party congress was calculated to improve the Soviet Union's image in the world and they're pushing that line as hard as they can,'' said a State Department official, who added that the Russians had embarked on an ''unprecedented flurry of activity.''
The new treaty, known in diplomatic jargon as SALT-II, was signed in June 1979, but it has not been approved by the Senate.
This tameness, however, did not last.
- ''On Cyprus, Greece as a guarantor power has the legal right and obligation to give active support to the struggle of the Cypriot people for the withdrawal of all foreign troops and safeguarding the unity and independence of the island.''
Gabby Street, manager of St. Louis club had named Flint Rhem, but he showed up at the ball park in no condition to fulfill his assignment.
Poverty was defined in the traditional way, counting money income and excluding the value of non-cash benefits, which the Census Bureau defines as benefits received in a form other than money, which serve to improve the economic well-being of the recipient.
No two sections are the same, though all are closely related, and the final effect is that of a colossal blast on an old-style pipe organ with no electronic nonsense about it.
This philosophy could be translated into a tuition tax credit bill by Congress,which already has 15 such proposals in the hopper.
John J. Meehan, who was directing the new antirobbery campaign in Manhattan and the Bronx, and seven other members of the department had falsely testified last year that they did not know of corruption in their plainclothes unit in the late 1960's.
A result is that from July 1, 1978, to next June 30 the state ''will have returned about $40 billion to California taxpayers,'' the Governor said.
The police, who had said the man contended he had explosives in a briefcase, said later that the man had never said he had a bomb.
For every gallon of syrup produced, 31 gallons of water steamed off.
The couple were graduated with the class of '77 from Brown University.
''We're thinking rather in terms of keeping Broadway healthy,'' he asserted.
She said that if she had sung as badly as the American version suggested, ''I would have been gassed right there.''
In the Preservation Area, the act calls for preserving ''an extensive and contiguous area of land in its natural state'' and prohibiting ''any construction or development which is incompatible with'' its preservation.
The taxi picks up passengers at all hours, making stops at a half dozen Fire Island ports.
The comeback was also hampered by the absence of Nilsson, who underwent knee surgery before Hull began practicing with the team.
In workaday ways, they are still leading the life of the boondocks.
Tracked down, the police officer was eventually reprimanded and transferred to a minor station.
At the Sports Deli Restaurant in Los Angeles, with its eight television sets and two five-foot wide screens, the tubes are now tuned to golf, and the manager, Jack Norman, attributes a 20 percent drop in business to the baseball strike.
To this end it was left alone and intact in its appointed place, with none of the dishevelment that comes with regular human use.
When asked whether Stansilaw Pawliszewski, the deputy chief of mission, would be taking over the functions of the ambassador, Mr. Mieczkowski replied, ''That would be the normal routine.''
Gifts for a business contact's family are often appreciated.
The water has to be nearly three times as salty as ocean water, which is 3.5 percent salt.
Conrail has been operating the three lines since April 1976, when it inherited the service arrangements with the states that had been agreed to by one of its predecessors, the bankrupt Penn Central Railroad.
Both filed petitions with more than the minimum 10,000 signatures.
He warned of the need for increase ''vigilance'' in view of possible agitation in other areas.
Port is made from about a dozen grape varieties cultivated in the Douro region, where the summer heat often exceeds 100 degrees and the grapes achieve an intense ripeness that can be tasted in the wines.
From El 'Ala, the motorist in pursuit of the kingdom's most spectacular ruins must travel a grueling 15 miles through rutted sand roads before he reaches Madain Salih.
People were nailed to the edges of public events.
Most officials in business and government have concluded that it does help to have a model or two to go on, recognizing that it may be more useful for general guidance than for exact predictions.
Analysts said that bargain hunters and short-covering were responsible for much of the late rally.
So begins Zara's ''changing states.''
As of now, the ultimate dazzler is on Pocket Books' ''Fever Pitch,'' a family saga by Betty Ferm.
The idea of such a weapon arose in response to the development of huge Soviet missiles, each able to carry large numbers of independently targeted warheads (MIRV's).
''The definition of being good in this business is to be good for all 16 weeks.
He was 46 years old.
Official announcement of the deal, which could pave the way for Chrysler to get $400 million in guarantees from Washington, is expected Tuesday.
''I didn't understand a single word that was said on that stage, the sound was so terrible,'' Miss Rosenthal later confided to an old friend.
The Madison will perform trios by Haydn, Mendelssohn and Shostakovich at 8:30 on Thursday at the Emelin Theater in Mamaroneck.
It traveled 60 feet, went past Lessard's left foot, hit the right goal post and went into the net at 8:28.
A colored constable, who is technically supposed to enforce apartheid on the beaches but doesn't, looked on approvingly.
''I don't think housing ought to be protected, insulated or isolated.
Once in a while, he seems to miss the point of the more serious music he plays, he has not had enough experience.
How Dr. Henry Junemann gained elective office in that staunchly Republican town is a mystery.
A. John Maynard Keynes, the late British economist, did not think so.
We have taken the actions required to benefit from a return to better economic conditions later this year.''
Robert Mandel, a Detroit newspaperman with high ideals and a less than satisfactory private life, is told by his editor to investigate the murder of his best friend, an assignment that leads to discoveries about the friend as well as himself.
The South African Defense Forces spokesman said he could not identify the two Soviet lieutenant colonels whose deaths were reported in Pretoria today.
Still, from now on all boats will be asked to turn in one direction in the warm-up area, said Baum.
Blacks who shuffle and say, ''Yes, baas,'' and ''Thank you, master,'' are likely to become an endangered species; in the cities, at least, younger blacks don't go in for servility.
Instead, according to a friend, ''Rex gave the performance of his career.
1 reason was teamwork,'' said Goring, who had 10 goals, two of which were short-handed and three on the power play.
The British Government is becoming increasingly embarrassed and distressed by an anachronistic problem intruding from an unlikely corner of its former empire -Canada.
This 1969 work, bearing an introduction by Dr. Robert Coles, deserves a place on the shelf somewhere below Clifford Beers's classic 1908 ''A Mind That Found Itself'' (now out of print) and Hannah Green's 1964 ''I Never Promised You A Rose Garden.''
The restaurant attendent was so delighted with the huge order that he invited her to stay for a sumptuous lunch and told her she could pay the luncheon and banquet bills later.
There he served as Mr. Waldheim's ''ears and eyes on what is going on'' in the national delegations.
Hospital spokesmen said that preliminary examinations had indicated that none of the passengers appeared to be seriously hurt.
Hsiao Fu-chen, who walked to lead off, came around to score, but Bell got out of the inning with a strikeout, a grounder back to the mound and a fly to right.
''We're ready for Campo and his horse,'' Barrera said.
It is in the catch in Flo Domboski's voice when she recalls last Valentine's Day, the day her 12-year-old son, Todd, was nearly swallowed by a smoking pit that opened under his feet as he played in his grandmother's backyard.
Dr. Charles T. Davis, chairman of the Afro-American studies program at Yale University, died of cancer yesterday at the Yale Health Center.
Suffice it to say that Valenzuela is well advised by bilingual Dodgers like Lasorda and Bobby Castillo, and that Mike Brito, the scout who signed him, keeps a close watch on him.
The 15 members of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee today unanimously approved the nomination of Anne M. Gorsuch of Colorado as administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency.
He expects to join Wolfram Associates, an agency for the Home Life Insurance Company in Chicago.
President Reagan has let it be known he opposes Federal spending to acquire any but the most critically endangered public lands until a more efficient management system - one that shifts the financial burden away from Washington - can be devised.
The remaining 10 percent will be spread among the Sanwa Bank, the Long-Term Credit Bank, the Fuji Bank and Nippon Life Insurance.
The credits ''may be used for general corporate purposes, including acquisitions,'' the company said.
Ensign Sullivan, who is an alumnus of Loyola Academy in Wilmette, Ill., recently finished serving at the Navy Nuclear Training Facility in West Milton, N.Y.
She delights in cutting legends down to size.
The lawyers wear curly gray wigs and starchy white dickeys, and the crier opens the trial by intoning, ''God Save the Queen!''
If the market movement is upward, odds are that XYZ will also appreciate.
Howe singled past second, Ashby singled to center and Craig Reynolds singled to right.
If, due to inertia, the cone overshoots its mark, the corrective action of the feedback instantly stops the false move.
Then suddenly he jumped to the dancers' sides, running along with them, a pale, slight figure in purple knit dance pants and a Singapore University T-shirt, silky black hair ruffling in the hot, damp studio air.
a visitor felt it remarkable that they retained their interest, even enthusiasm, for their profession.
Later, perhaps, it will get the kind of elegant and intelligent exhibitions it deserves.
Problem for Administration Peter J. Canelo, an economist for Merrill Lynch & Company, said that the Reagan Administration probably had a stronger economy on its hands than it had believed.
He forgot about the manuscripts until two years ago, when he discovered them among a collection of personal papers that he had taken with him on diplomatic assignments to Peru, Costa Rica, Argentina and Paraguay.
Debate had been delayed repeatedly throughout the previous night as legisla- Roll-calls on tax package, page B2.
''But if you're just filling a vacancy in a well-run company, you're negotiating from a different position.''
He knew who I was when I was on his back.''
He said that he expected weak economic performance in the fourth quarter, and added that the Administration's economic recovery program would put the economy back on track.
The image that came to mind was that of a house painter whose scaffolding and ladders have begun to shift under him: the excitement comes in wondering if he can finish his job before the whole shebang goes down, carrying him with it.
Yet these actions, by their very simplicity, pulled attention away from the dancers' more vigorous steps.
I don't know if it's realistic to expect those things in the first preseason game.''
Even city-dwellers often have an investment in a distant herd, tended by nomads.
Some people prefer exotic brands for the chic they exude when everybody else is puffing a Marlboro.
Mr. Schneider said the technical violations included the posting of signs warning that ''it is a crime to falsify a ballot or violate election laws'' and the wearing of armbands by task force members - some of whom were armed, off-duty police officers - near polling places.
A short flight of stone steps leads up to the restaurant, where you have a choice of eating indoors by a fountain falling over natural rock, or on the terrace in welcome shade that takes the dazzle off the table linen and where there is a view of old Mombasa across the tidal waters of the creek.
And increasingly, the salaries of anchors reflect that marquee value.
The new seeds have gained wide acceptance in Colombia, where rice production now equals the country's blistering pace of population growth, and in Costa Rica.
At first, it seemed that the moment of truth for President Reagan was at hand.
A nice addition here is the black film critic who lobbies for s eeing ''brothers'' in more movies, like Isaac Hayes in ''Kramer vs. Kramer'' or Jimmie Walker in ''The Elephant Man.''
In the words of Artie Manners, the clarinetist who plays along with Mr. Roddie on weekends, ''a real musician wants to play something that offers a little more than three chords, C, G-seventh and F.'' The pianists' audiences require a little more than that, too.
Mr. Spann said he is advising the bar's executive committee not to respond to the questionnaire.
It discourages potential candidates who cannot quit work to campaign for 14, 16, 18 months.
She treats this anger much as 19th-century physicians treated women for hysteria - selecting the most inflammatory remarks she could find, omitting the grief, pain, alternative visions and optimism expressed throughout the book.
The real question is pragmatic: is it worth the effort?
Seizing on that as the theme of his work, the artist made the first sketches on May 1.
''A tax on energy and a corresponding reduction of 'taxes on people' would establish a more favorable balance in the economy between use of energy and use of labor.
There he would have encountered double-decker buses running regular schedules out of Dublin to the far suburbs.
Col. Antonio Tejero Molina, the officer who held Parliament at gunpoint in February, also has guest privileges.
The maximum delay under the bill would be until Dec. 31, 1985.
Until Mr. Cronkite's departure, CBS was accustomed not only to its reputation as the most distinguished of the three network news operations, but also to longstanding ratings dominance in the evening.
Last Friday, the issue gained 3 1/4 points, following an offer from the Seagram Company to purchase 40.1 percent of Conoco's stock at $73 a share.
The telephone number is (609) 397-8448.
It bothers me that so few tourists approach Mexico with this awareness; the measure of excellence in Mexican colonial art and architecture is not the degree to which it succeeds in imitating its Spanish sources, but the degree to which it becomes an indigenous expression.
There are two things wrong with the idea.
Mrs. Roosevelt typified social service workers of the era - the do-gooders -and I have never liked do-gooders.''
On some issues, including foreign policy questions, he is also likely to have the support of Labor moderates.
Made entirely of wood, it is a two-story cabin, more Tudor than Gothic with its windows shaped like the headdress worn by Katherine of Aragon in the portrait by Holbein.
But if more and better is possible, why isn't it forthcoming?
Some of the changes reportedly were initiated by officials in the Reagan Administration's Office of Management and Budget who want to reduce the Government-required paperwork of businessmen.
He becomes instrumental in the invention of the ultimate designer jeans.
It said the cuts would help strengthen prices at a time when the European steel industry remains in a severe recession.
But Mayor Duncan Cameron's claim that he intends to maintain the proportion of ''less than one-half a schoolchild per home'' (news story Oct. 12) is appalling.
A Soviet participant, Vasily S. Emelyanov, an atomic expert, made a strong attack on United States policy since the time of President Harry S. Truman who, he said, had sought ''world domination'' through the so-called Truman Doctrine for containing Communism.
It's easy to say yes, when you don't have to put the money out.''
The Niarchos yacht is being decorated as it is being built.
At a dinner Tuesday evening given by his law clerks and staff members from years past, Judge David N. Edelstein celebrated three decades on the court.
He is the fiction editor of Harper's.
The 47 coffee-growing nations in the International Coffee Organization set up a group today to survey world markets.
All over the world spectators have found great pleasure in these things.
It's difficult to say exactly how all this has translated into my music, but it has.
A mile from the peak we entered the last stretch of the trail, a dry, jagged riverbed known as Jacob's Ladder.
Ross Fields, the boxing promoter also known as Harold J. Smith, said today that he had information about narcotics-related transactions at the Beverly Hills branch of the Wells Fargo Bank.
But an increasing awareness of the burgeoning counterfeit trade, which now circles the globe from Asia to the Americas, and the accompanying revenue losses have brought the matter into the open.
Unbeaten Oregon State, the nation's top-ranked team, had an easy time defeating Oregon, 82-55, for its 13th victory, its fifth in the Pacific-10 Conference.
Mr. Reagan promised to lift the restriction if he was elected.
The owners, of course, resent Ed Garvey's attempted invasion of their accountants' ledgers.
The commissioners voted unanimously for the low-power testing without public hearings, but two commissioners, Victor Oilinsky and Peter Bradford, blocked a proposal that would have let the utilities operate at full power.
It's a structure for tommorrow.''
; HOCKEY COLORADO (NHL) - Acquired Bobby MacMillan and Don Lever, forwards, from Calgary for Lanny McDonald, right wing, and a fourth-round choice in the 1983 draft.
He just tried tried too hard, extra hard.
Diversification Bar Questioned He said he saw no valid purpose for rules that ''limit your ability to diversify by expanding into ownership of new technologies'' or to produce programs for other media such as cable TV.
In a four-hour operation, Charles M. Schulz, creator of the ''Peanuts'' cartoon strip (and subsequent industry), underwent quadruple-bypass cardiac surgery yesterday in Santa Rosa, Calif., his hometown 50 miles north of San Francisco.
All too typical was the recently departed ''Wally's Cafe,'' which told of three hash slingers' adventures over 40 years in a California desert hamburger stand.
Mr. Bufman says that Miss Taylor has offered to put up her own money for this venture, but he does not think that will be necessary because he expects each production to pay for itself with a lucrative deal for cable television and video-cassette rights.
Marine Midland, he continued, has been ''seeing only a modest increase in consumer borrowing, but heavy demand in energy and service-related industries.''
This aproach gives a tactical advantage to one who would move the Court in a particular direction.
Eisenhower College, formerly independent, has been the liberal arts campus of the Rochester Instititute of Technology since last year.
There are signs at child-level throughout the exhibit; the signs are pegged for third-grade children with a 200-word vocabulary.
Or perhaps that's just where he carves notches in his skin for every sack, the way gun slingers in the Old West carved notches in the wooden handles of their pistols.
The city issues more than 250,000 tickets a year, about 16 percent of which are challenged because of inoperative meters.
''In the past, when we'd ski in New Zealand in August and train with the team during the summer I'd be fed up with skiing by midwinter,'' Mahre said.
Maybe he dozed at the wheel, maybe his car skidded on a patch of ice.
Bills Called Unnecessary At the same time, officials at Con Edison and the Power Authority criticized the legislation as ''unnecessary'' and ''counterproductive.''
The answer, of course, is that he can.
The management of the Cosmos, including Nesuhi Ertegun, the chairman of the board of the Cosmos, was too busy enjoying the team's performance to talk about the crowd, about 11,000 smaller than for the home opener last year.
There's a different pace here, and although you work long hours, my previous life on Wall Street was a hectic one in which there was a crisis a minute.
High among its attributes is a demonstrated ability to hold its important technical people, most of whom were originally at Racal-Milgo Inc. Mr. Levy takes pride in the fact that virtually no one has left his research and development department over the years despite the company's hard times.
What about Salieri as a composer?
Mr. Meyer will gladly escort visitors on a tour of the wine cellar.
He signed with them and was sent to the club's Class AA affiliate at Memphis.
B-After $111,000 loss from discontinued operations
The largest block ever traded on the Big Board was 5,245,000 shares of the American Motors Corporation, which crossed at 7 1/4 on March 14, 1972.
George Nieves, a field counselor for Legal Aid, said he had also seen Mr. McCreary in the Bronx office on Jan. 23, both in the morning and the afternoon.
But so far only Trenton has cooperated with this worthy experiment.
Eight of the ten provinces object to either the bill of rights, the amending procedure or both.
The rain came down all of the sudden.''
Listening to Henry Miller, he reprinted Hermann Hesse's ''Siddhartha,'' which sold as many as a quarter of a million copies a year late in the 60's.Pound's friend Mr. Eliot recommended Djuna Barnes, whose ''Nightwood'' has been continuously available.
The dollar began losing ground in the United States, trading at 218.20 yen before the news from Poland spurred more interest in the dollar.
In this connection, however, it is highly relevant that Sir Alan also explicitly cautioned against any move to restore symbols to damaged places in the inscription.
A Choice for NATO Military leaders here and in Washington also feel strongly that the other members of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization should contribute to deterring Soviet movement into Southwest Asia or face the possibility of a diversion of American forces from Europe to potential trouble spots, such as Southwest Asia.
The last time I saw Carol was shortly after I found the book in the library.
''The Pope says we are a larger country and should give a little,'' the Argentine military figure said.
For the 200,000 surviving Indians of Brazil, such tragedy continues.
He does not rush his time on earth, but plays out the cycle of man.
Whereas Realist painting generally shows us a world defined by daylight and dailiness and other commonplaces of quotidian experience, Neo-Expressionism leans in the direction of symbol and metaphor.
Teen-aged Victoria (Jamie Rose) is having an affair with an older man.
But more stalling can only damage the entire effort.
Meat is hard to find, she said, but what made things worse was that eggs are difficult to find as well, so she is not able to scramble a kind of potpourri.
Steps That Must Be Taken Tonight I want to talk with you about the next steps that we must take on that course - additional reductions in Federal spending that will help lower our interest rates, our inflation and bring us closer to full economic recovery.
Other installment debt categories -including installment credit on credit cards - rose in April compared with March, the Fed said.
Therefore, on Saturday it is holding a party, starting at 8 P.M. and continuing, it says, through the night.
VW said the increases, which take effect immediately, were necessary to recover increased labor and material costs.
Nor is a Times critic allowed to write for any publication that would even remotely suggest a conflict of interest.
NEW BRITAIN - Candlelight Festival of Lessons and Carols, 4 P.M. today, South Congregational-First Baptist Church, 90 Main Street.
* Is government even worse managed than the corporation?
A Syrian spokesman said that the drone had flown into Syrian airspace and had crashed near the town of Zebdani, northwest of Damascus.
Mr. Crawford expresses surprise in the preface that no conservative ''of far greater stature'' than he has come forward to take on what he perceives as a threat to both authentic conservatives and the country.
Senator Kennedy, who was a strong supporter of Israel throughout last year's Presidential election campaign and who criticized President Carter for holding ''pro-Palestinian positions,'' repeated his appeal for a halt in the sale of offensive weapons to Saudi Arabi.
The latest decline was far greater than the upward revisions to the previous weeks' data that the Fed announced yesterday.
The suit follows one earlier this year in which a jury found that the medical supply concern, based in New Brunswick, N.J., had purchased the electronic system from its developers to suppress it and prevent potential competition for Johnson & Johnson's conventional drug business.
Although disciples of supply-side economic theory may accuse Mr. Stockman of heresy and worse, there are few signs that the furor his confession touched off in Washington has spilled over into Peoria, Ill.
Then, on Christmas Day, thermometer readings plunged to 24 degrees below zero in the Hudson Valley and to nearly 20 degrees below in the Finger Lakes.
But despite the obvious contrast between the splendor of the royal wedding and the plight of the city's unemployed, there were few overt signs of resentment toward Charles and Diana.
Value of Aid Questioned Moreover, Asian and Western diplomats in Hanoi say that the Russians are probably already realizing that aid to Vietnam is of questionable value.
Dr. Farley and other Cetus executives had declined comment until today because of Securities and Exchange Commission rules requiring a ''quiet period'' in the months before and after public stock offerings.
Then, as now, he had the support of Mr. Reagan, but Bill Brock, a former Tennessee Senator, had broader appeal.
His office notified ''This Week With David Brinkley'' that Mr. Stockman was canceling his appearance that had been scheduled for the ABC television program's premiere at 11:30 A.M. Sunday.
Fiftyeight percent said they approved his handling of relations with the Soviet Union, and 62 percent accepted the Administration's argument that the Russians were involved in the conflict in El Salvador.
Gap-toothed, Plunkett barks signals, then takes the snap, and casually drops back and lifts a short completed pass.
If beans are to be shelled from the pod, they must be allowed to ripen well beyond the snapping stage, until the seeds within the pod are plump, have the appropriate color for the variety, and the pods open with ease.
In 1937 and 1938 he sent stories to The Herald Tribune from the civil war in Spain.
They have a tightly voiced, provocatively phrased singing style that is interspersed with instrumental selections on which the group becomes a quartet when Rich Jenkins plays piano with one hand and trumpet with the other.
Conny grows up to believe that the idea of ''the homeland is nothing but the sanctuary of arrogance,'' and his transformation after the war into an unlikely recruit to the ranks of the nostalgic is one of tha book's few unconvincing notes.
McALESTER, Okla., Jan. 3 (UPI) -Carl Albert, former Speaker of the United States House of Representatives, is suffering from a heart condition and is under intensive care, a nurse at McAlester Regional Hospital said today.
Experience with huge sulfide, tin, tungsten, precious metal and coal deposits is preferred.
''But as a specialist, with no corresponding industry at home, all I would be able to do is teach or work in crude, government-run research projects at nowhere near my present standard of living.''
We were gossipers, we became readers, and now we are back, if not all the way to gossiping, at least to watching and listening as much as we read.
Features/Notes Man in the News: Elliott Abrams, Reagan's rights choice 7 Saturday News Quiz 18 Sports People 24 About New York 31 Notes on People 53 News Analysis Joseph Lelyveld on the talks on South-West Africa 2 Stuart Taylor on the Attorney General's speech 15 Editorials/Letters/Op-Ed Editorials 26 The emperor's new tax cut The narrow Nobel Prize Behold, a Battery Park Letters 26 Russell Baker: the shocking apology 27 Sydney H. Schanberg: fairness is the issue 27 Stephen Orgel: Saturn's revolutions 27 James M. Harkin: atop the O.K.
All long ponytail, long thin legs and arms and wide smile, Miss Kistler flicked her way through the ''I'll Build a Stairway to Paradise'' solo with a coltish abandon that turned to disarray in ''Who Cares?
Considerable attention is devoted to the paramount family joys and sorrows - weddings, births, bar mitzvahs, funerals.
What is remarkable is that the people of Beirut have adapted to the daily strife with such startling facility.
B-Including $10,000 income from discontinued operations; shr earnings reflect a 6 percent stock divd distribution in Nov
Last year, sponsors built a fence, field and dugouts.
Yet, the economy has had so little experience with the long-term impact of interest rates in the 20 percent range that many economists are apprehensive.
The political content of the original plan was reflected in the few cases in which an incumbent would have been adversely affected.
Now wait until the hill gets big.
By focusing on a single leader in a field, the Nobel Prize distorts the true pattern of achievement.
Again inspired by her experience in Oakland, Miss Love plans to cut down on the appalling $3 million annual cost for repairs of damaged Chicago school property by giving any school 10 percent of any savings achieved by reducing vandalism.
Garnish, if desired, with whole anchovy fillets, and serve.
They have been identified as Christopher W. McMahon, deputy governor of the Bank of England, and David Somerset, the bank's chief cashier, who has the maximum authority to discuss financial transfers.
It proved to be a cyclic carbonate, defined as 6-methoxybenzoxazolinone, which then was synthesized.
The 1,800 would be up from 501 last year and 36 in 1978.
Several companies and individuals with claims against Iran have gone to Federal courts in Washington, Boston, Dallas and San Francisco seeking to block the Government from removing Iranian assets that are tied up by court orders from the country as President Carter agreed to do.
''Runyon and Winchell lived on Broadway, but I was too settled for that,'' he said, noting his wife and four children standing nearby.
There's nothing in the statutes that gives the public schools the right to test home schoolers.''
In Japan, a computer makes telephone calls to verify financial information.
The Pentagon has decided to stop buying Lockheed P-3C Orion antisubmarine aircraft.
It was in the depths of the Depression, and if one must live through a depression, one does well to be a compulsive reader.
This year, the organization founded in 1971 by Ralph Nader and Toby Moffett, has a budget of $500,000, 70 percent of which is raised by membership fees and donations.
If there is no reasonable basis for the claim, a fine of $50 to $500 could be levied; and, if there is evidence of willful intent to defraud the Government, there is a criminal penalty of up to $1,000 and a year in jail.
He went through the eighth, the farthest he had gone in his major league career.
Williams's per-game statistics this season are much the same as last - 22 points, six assists, four rebounds and three steals per game - but his court sense and consistency have improved, and he and Richardson are now among the most explosive guard combinations in the National Basketball Association.
''Usually organizations call up to say, 'We'd love to donate a basket or adopt a family for the day,' '' said Elaine Sommer, casework supervisor.
I should think that someone might still get a play out of ''Piaf'' simply by answering a few of the questions that author Pam Gems has permitted to hover, quivery and forlorn, over her evening.
And, with the sky coming in, you know that the Zagato is about one more thing: fun at the wheel.
While delaying the restructuring, the decision required the insurance companies to continue providing data sought by the Insurance Department in connection with the change.
Today's incident was not the first to face the royal family.
Gary Mucho, of the National Transportation Safety Board said that the pilot, had recalled an altitude recording of 13,500 feet above sea level, or about 8,000 feet above the ground, just before the crash.
Overnight, figure skating officials decided their events had been scheduled too closely together and that they were not happy with the ice they had been given.
Besides Mr. Mitchell, the committee said it had designated Senators John Chafee, Republican of Rhode Island; Daniel Patrick Moynihan, Democrat of New York, and Harrison A. Williams Jr., Democrat of New Jersey; and Representatives James Jones, Democrat of Oklahoma; Morris K. Udall, Democrat of Arizona; Stephen Neal, Democrat of North Carolina; Marc Lincoln Marks, Republican of Pennsylvania, and Paul Findley, Republican of Illinois.
''They show creative responses to adversity.
He was 76 years old and lived in Manhattan.
INGEBORG OPPENHEIMER,Yonkers, Nov. 30, 1981.
Most of the victims seen in the program, which was set up four and a half years ago in the Jersey City Medical Center, are children.
On the Chicago Mercantile Exchange yesterday, spot contracts for live cattle, feeders and hogs closed sharply lower.
INSERT The revival of interest in another American expression - photographic postcards - is far more recent, but equally enthusiastic.
Mr. Fukuda, on the other hand, favors large arms expenditures.
I am going to tell the press today not to attack any of our Arab friends here, even Libya.
Recognizing that they still have a long way to go, minorities and voting-rights advocates are fearful that future gains will be harder to come by and that protecting them will become in creasingly tough if the Voting Rights Act i s tampered with.
Dartmouth had taken an early lead when Scott Hacker broke through to block a punt by Scott Doudell and Charles Williams recovered it for the Big Green in the end zone with only 1:14 gone in the game.
In coming years the supply is unlikely to grow as fast as private demand.
On Tuesday, for example, the Government reported better-thanexpected figures on unemployment, which showed little change for the third consecutive month and continued just below the psychological barrier of three million.
As it was, the vocal flute lines had an almost stationary quality, scampering about without going anywhere in particular.
There was just a little bit of night vision.
A First in New York Tonight and tomorrow night, for the first time in New York City, Von and Chico Freeman will be playing together.
She's also starting research on a book about women archeologists since the Victorian era ... Susan Howatch (''Sins of the Fathers'') is hard at work finishing her next novel, as yet untitled.
''When the people come to buy, they don't find anything.
"I feel full of energy," said one wom an, swinging into a Charlestonstep.
The cut work is deft, especially when used to create the bent cane of baskets.
The 396,632 votes still uncounted could change the outcome.
You have to figure out what you can do exceedingly well that others are not doing.''
So, when she was on a Cape Cod vacation recently from her home in Stamford, Conn., and she came across a Toby with feet together, a jug in its right hand and the signature ''Wood & Sons,'' on the base, she quickly put out the $38 the man in the antiques shop was asking.
Adds 3/4, to 74 1/4 Time Inc., which proposed a 2-for-1 stock split and increased its cash dividend, added 3/8, to 74 1/2.
Not only do the Europeans appear to be bringing their favorite restaurants and prized gowns here, they are also bringing their parties, as on Sunday, when the couture acsociations of France and Italy gave a dinner at the Rainbow Room at which were presented ''The Best'' awards for ''elegance in life style.''
Speaking Thursday to a meeting of farmers, the Rumanian leader promised an agrarian ''revolution'' during the next five-year economic development plan, and said: ''In the light of Rumanian experience a policy of overemphasizing industrial production at the sacrifice of agriculture was misguided and produced serious contradictions in social life.''
53, Harry Carson, rilb, 6-2, 235, South Carolina State, 6th year; All-pro hitter having best season.
''I was told I didn't figure in the plans of the team.
Back in 1975, a Federal judge found conditions so appalling at Willowbrook Hospital, a New York State facility for the mentally retarded on Staten Island, that he ordered the removal of more than 5,000 patients to community residences.
Since Paul VI's visit, the church has moved from being a mainstay of a social order that many critics contend remains feudal in significant aspects to a point where the official church position on social action recognizes the extent and depth of social injustice and accepts the responsibility to fight it.
Dennis Leonard (4-4) yielded 15 hits to the Red Sox, but also made Boston strand a dozen men on base.
One concern about restraints, voluntary or otherwise, is that they would cause higher prices for American buyers.
The whole class may be based on one thing, like the crossing of the feet, or plie, or little arm movements.
When Mr. Rooney gets away from that, Miss Vance can summon the sketch director, Rudy Tronto, or the producers, who share her tactful approach.
Senior White House officials expressed consternation today over reports of criticism of Mrs. Kirkpatrick and two Presidential advisers by aides traveling with Secretary Haig.
But the early betting on an upcoming rivalry between Mr. Haig and Mr. Allen has given way to wagers that Mr. Haig may step on the toes of fellow Cabinet members, such as Defense Secretary Caspar W. Weinberger, Treasury Secretary Regan and William J. Casey, Director of Central Intelligence.
In addition, most of these bands include both singers and instrumentalists among the core group; older black groups tended to be vocal harmony ensembles, and added pickup instrumentalists as the occasion required.
''Quite often, when the last item is settled, they just smile,'' Mr. Boullioun says.
Travel costs have long been a major concern for professional and intercollegiate sports teams.
Mr. Hamm said that, on the basis of Congressional authorization bills not yet passed, he expected that $200 million more might be appropriated for MediCal, this state's version of Medicaid, assistance to the poor.
''It gets them really thinking about peer pressure, feelings and decision-making,'' Mrs. Cooney noted.
She was not being ironic.
Despite the talk of promises finally reached, and having posted the best record in the American Conference over the last six weeks, they are at .500 and struggling to stay in the Eastern Division race with a 4-4-1 mark.
He had used $1,950 to prepay his funeral.
device does not display the correct spelling of a word after it has spotted a misspelling.
Mrs. Becerril replaced Inigo Cavero, who was named secretary general of the Union of the Democratic Center this week in a move that completed a takeover of the party leadership by Mr. Calvo Sotelo.
He also committed American troops to Korea without even bothering to send a letter to Congress.
The woman finds out, many years later, that he was possessed of his own kind of sanity.
New York's Commodity Exchange and the Chicago Board of Trade, the two biggest silver futures markets, announced yesterday that the silver being offered by the General Services Administration at weekly auctions starting this morning would not be acceptable for delivery against contracts outstanding on their exchanges.
A few weeks after Sergeant Lopez was taken prisoner, many of Globe's residents joined in a candlelight procession behind a banner that read, ''Let my people go.''
He handled press relations for the Office of Management and Budget in the administration of President Ford and worked as chief spokesman for Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld and later for Senator William Roth, Republican of Delaware.
The teams combined for 87 shots, fourth highest in league history.
But we need a big man, and we'll try to trade for one.''
''He has a kidney stone problem and has been returned to the hospital in California for treatment.
leader, as a possible candidate for the Republican ticket next year.
One of the unusual experiences was taking home a souvenir that was unlikely to meet the wastebasket fate of the usual benefit journal.
- L.F. Rothschild, Unterberg, Towbin said that all clerical employees of 10 years or longer will be given 14 weeks of pay.
A fire yesterday in two out-of-service cars in the yard at Grand Central Terminal sent smoke through the terminal and delayed service when power had to be turned off so firefighters could extinguish the blaze.
He is doing research with the Hewlett-Packard Corporation in Palo Alto, Calif. His father is a partner in the accounting firm of Richard A. Eisner & Company.
Heat the oil in a casserole and add the onion and garlic.
In a letter to the committee, Mr. Reagan proposed separating the two treaties on March 6, on the eve of his two-day trip to Canada.
In some, she said, women make shirts and blouses from the same fabric for themselves and their spouses ''as a way of identifying who belongs to whom.''
Classes were canceled here today to allow the authorities to investigate the collapse of a brick wall that crushed a 10-year-old boy to death and injured three of his classmates.
As a test, Dr. White tried match-pairing by age a group of 20 older women participating in an indoor miniaturetrampoline exercise program with 20 sedentary women.
Hobart, who sold out in 1904 to a group of four investors.
If another building can be found for administration, it may be used as a laboratory for the college's hotel-administration program.
The Federal Government can do the job through an independent entity, the Legal Services Corporation, in a way that would not and could not be possible under block grants.
In ''The State House: Forum for the One and the Many'' (Dec. 21), the author, Carl Golden, referred to the Socialist Labor Party.
MORGAN, Sheryl, 33, St. Joseph, Mo.
One concern I have is whether, like the village in Vietnam, America will be destroyed in order to be saved.
The Islanders tied the N.H.L.
Like Emerald City The glittering facade of arched parapets and reflecting glass in the yet-unrealized design is reminiscent of the Emerald City in the movie ''Wizard of Oz.''
Mr. Palme and his aides arrived in Baghdad last night, a little more than a month since he was last here.
Knowing the damage which abusive shelters can produce, the New Year's resolution of tax lawyers should be to shun the promoters of abusive tax shelters.
A photographer from The San Francisco Examiner, two NBC News reporters and a cult member trying to leave Jonestown were killed in the shooting, which began with the arrival at the airstrip of an armed group from Jonestown.
Because he has regularly been spending three days a week in Washington, Mr. Florio has maintained a frenetic pace when in the state.
Unless, of course, it wants to erect a Maginot Line.
Today Howard Greene, a soft-spoken educational consultant who counsels dozens of foreign families each year (and who was instrumental in selecting American schools for the Shah's children after the revolution in Iran), believes a remarkably accurate barometer of impending political turmoil is the rise in the number of calls he receives from any particular country.
''You can walk into a perfumery now and see hangers.''
When I hit 20, I hope I don't fall; When I hit 20, Don't wanna see no wall.
For instance, not every community permits a homeowner already on city water to have a personal well.
The tree bark could have been banged by a power mower and damaged or borers may have entered the tree.
Loret Miller Ruppe, the organization's director, said yesterday in her office just before setting out on a month-long tour of volunteer outposts in North and West Africa, that she had met with Secretary of State Alexander M. Haig Jr. about the budgetary problem and had found him ''very supportive.''
Among other new issues, the A-rated Honeywell 14 1/8 percent debentures due 2011 were allowed to trade freely and were offered at 99 1/4 compared to the original sale price of 99 1/8.
Hostile critics brand Zionists as racists, imperialists, reactionaries or all of the above.
(1978), yielded two hit singles, ''Breakdown'' and ''Listen to Her Heart,'' and another song, ''American Girl,'' which became a hit for Roger McGuinn.
He feels that the ''thrill of death'' approach encourages would-be suicides.
One unusual aspect of the two Berlins is the mutual dependence that has grown steadily despite the spasms of crisis.
They're also called in on special projects or as vacation fill-ins.
The greatest single achievement of science in this most scientifically productive of centuries is the discovery that we are profoundly ignorant; we know very little about nature and we understand even less.
He made a fortune in merchandising health, welfare and benefit plans, but radically reduced his time spent on business affairs in 1966, when he decided to devote most of his energies to the arts.
COMPILING a list of the year's 10 best albums is one of the most pleasurable and challenging tasks that a pop critic faces.
Mr. Becker has been with the company since 1938, when he joined as a cost accountant.
''But it was not comrade Mao Zedong alone,'' Mr. Huang said.
None of the 11 were found.
Col. Charlie Beckwith, the veteran Army officer in charge of the ground rescue team at Desert One, now assigned to produce training manuals at Fort Bragg, N. C., is one of the few who has spoken to the press of his personal anguish.
The two elements act alike in forming molecular chains and rings.
''Disraeli was both a conservative and a liberal in his life.
The orchestra's string sections were pared down to about half their full complement, but at no time did the performance sound small in either dramatic scope or sonority.
The Administration proposal was less generous.
Ever since Hochtief sent engineers to Genoa in 1899 to build port silos for 30,000 tons of grain, the company has worked on major projects outside Germany.
The report may also include such items of public record as civil suits, judgments awarded creditors and other information that might affect the ability to meet obligations.
They cannot be, however, if you insist that they have Oedipal disturbances.''
The Chargers say that they don't know who made the call and that they want Holohan back.
For them the gimmick is not called ''rebate'' and certainly not ''reduction'' but something like Super Saver, ''discount'' or ''coupon.''
''There are many smaller varieties that can be home-grown successfully,'' Mr. Morrison said.
If and when that occurs, many predict that the nation's biggest banks will reach across state lines, gathering up regional banks.
''This is getting us very far from the campaign,'' Mr. Marchais retorted.
The team is in good shape for a November push, with the Steelers and Bengals only one game ahead.
But we have an industrial base - Hudson Wire, Rand McNally, Cambridge Instrument, Philips Labs.
Civil Service certification was introduced to the field of planning to insulate the planners from possible political pressures.
In April, for example, the closly followed M-1B money supply measure grew at a 16.9 percent annual rate, while in June, it declined at an 8.8 percent rate.
Another recent example was the $400 million sale of the 2.25-million-square-foot Pan Am Building at 200 Park Avenue in which the airline received a favorable lease from the purchaser, the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, while cashing in on the property's substantially increased property value.
Now, with their collectability in mind, a retired New York businessman has come up with another use for them, placing them in the gift category for the first time.
The amount to be devoted to the Government's uranium-enrichment business monopoly in Oak Ridge, Tenn., and Puducah, Ky., and for a new plant in Portsmouth, Ohio, could not be learned.
Would he not relent and provide some illumination of ''The Floating Light Bulb?''
Yet in an international context, Van Vechten himself is not quite the sophisticated dance critic one would like him to be.
To itemize the missed opportunities is not to explain them.
''Our youngest student is 3, the oldest 84, and in between are 2,000 others,'' said Deborah Weaver, the director.
Hepatitis B can lead to chronic liver disease, cirrhosis or liver cancer.
More than 100 children are in the repertory program, including some already successful performers.
With a revitalized organization, a solid program and a strong treasury, a new optimism was generated.
The Justice Department proposal does not stipulate, as the House bill does, that a county must have eliminated all procedures that ''inhibit or dilute equal access to the electoral process.''
There are also a dozen Ariels of all ages, races and creeds, including a Sumo wrestler.
In addition, there is a willingness to compete with other area hospitals for the shrinking pool of nurses by offering competitive salaries, and a new open-door policy that has eliminated third-party negotiators in favor of face-to-face discussion between management and union leaders.
The company sells many doors ''as is,'' though experienced craftsmen are available to refinish, modify and frame doors if desired.
S. David Kay was best man.
He wouldn't be the first Stanford football all-America to play major league baseball.
Through July, shipments of 16 major household items like refrigerators, dishwashers and electric ranges totaled 2.6 million units, up 7.5 percent from a year ago, the Association of Home Appliance Manufacturers reports.
She is with the Mendocino County library system in Ukiah.
Since Monte's visit, the Thomas family and the Secors have kept in touch, exchanging Christmas gifts and sending letters throughout the year.
Why Not 11 ... P-K4?
(When the Rhode Island Public Utility Commission tried to exert such authority in the early 1970's, it was reversed by its own state court.)
With its massive head and strong features and a body largely defined by the boldly articulated drapery of the robe that encloses it, this is a masterpiece of breathtaking power.
Those with light-colored foliage are particularly subject to sunburn when planted in full sun.
He had only one political appearance Saturday and three appearances yesterday.
The tour-bus promoters are awaiting permission from the Groton Traffic Authority to put traffic counters along Mystic streets so that they can conduct an engineering study of traffic in the village.
Professor Huntington makes use of modern survey data as well as historical materials.
The rise, when revised to include final computations, was at an annual rate of 1.3 percent instead of the originally reported 1.4 percent.
Others, he said, were ''somewhat mollified to hear our side.''
The paintings of 1915 were among the most interesting he painted.
Short-term interest rates, except on Treasury bills, rose slightly yesterday, partly because of a special, $6 billion Treasury issue that promised to attract institutional money that would normally have gone to other short-term instruments.
Hours: Lunch, Monday through Saturday, 11 A.M. until 3 P.M. Dinner, Monday through Thursday, 5 to 10 P.M.; Friday and Saturday until 11 P.M. Late night menu, Friday and Saturday, 11 P.M. to 2 A.M. Sunday brunch, noon until 3 P.M. Reservations: Not accepted.
A handsome catalogue, with excellent texts on each culture, is available for $19.
After arriving in the United States in April 1963, Mr. Urrutia declared that the people of Cuba yearned for assistance from abroad to rid themselves of Communism.
The actress was also married three other times.
Henry Kaufman, economist at Salomon Brothers, said that ''the Fed is probably assessing the impact'' of its earlier actions that resulted in higher interest rates.
The seemingly unrelenting succession of rate increases and fuel adjustment charges makes this a difficult argument for New York consumers to follow, but no such problem exists for customers of Northeast Utilities in Connecticut.
The Georgia Supreme Court had found the law constitutional, but the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit struck it down on the ground that it infringed the fundamental constitutional right to interstate travel.
This, Dear Reader (note the unpatronizing singular), is only fitting: When a star begins to think his audience is Out There, he soon loses his stardom.
This little-noticed company has experienced consistent growth in earnings per share and shareholders' equity.
Born in Brooklyn, raised in upstate New York and Long Island, Burns now lives in Florida.
They said they had difficulty in detecting the flattened bullet and even had to delay surgery to take an X-ray to make certain it was in his lung.
''I've made 25 personal appearances with my films in the metropolitan area, with 60 to 200 people in the audiences at a time.
Yet many others suffer needlessly in silence for years, unaware that lasting relief may be possible, sometimes from relatively simple therapies.
But in the last few months its two merger chiefs and their department of 25 have helped write O.Henry-like endings for some of America's flashiest corporate dramas.
In a statement published in today's newspap ers, the minister pointed to the repercussions of the case.
Stockman was introduced to supply-side economics by Republican Representative Jack Kemp, of New York, a different kind of mentor - more an equal than an elder, a political older brother, a football player who could tutor a Harvard graduate student.
His father is advertising director for La Verdiere Super Drugs in Winslow, Me., and his mother a state health-services consultant for Maine.
It is charged that ''untrained people are doing things by accident.''
When he realized he had the stuff he began to think of New York, the stuff capital of the world.
That means that wherever Mr. Reagan is, either Mr. Deaver or Richard G. Darman, the staff secretary at the White House, sees the material that goes to Mr. Reagan.
Ginnie Mae will give first priority to projects that received Federal Housing Administration mortgage insurance firm commitments before Nov. 17 and that are located in neighborhood strategy areas.
It almost sounded as if he was saying Antuofermo's career was finished.
But even in the darkest caves, rhythms persist, and leaves removed from plants and kept in the dark maintain cycles of carbon dioxide production.
They issued a flurry of economic and administrative decrees, such as one limiting public spending, but their actions were met with widespread cynicism in the military.
In its first days in office, the Reagan Administration has found itself under attack from conservative legislators and activists who were among Ronald Reagan's earliest and most ardent supporters.
Amstar The Amstar Corporation, the nation's largest sugar producer, said its net income in the fourth quarter ended June 30 fell 34.4 percent, while its revenues increased 15.1 percent.
''We wanted to assist emerging artists in the visual and performing-arts area to create new works and develop ideas in very visible spaces,'' Anita Contini-O'Neill, the nonprofit arts organization's executive director, said.
It reported not only on routine cargo items but also watched for the covert shipment of military goods and nuclear weapons.
And yet the Cooperstown, N.Y., study suggests that even infants in developed societies, when denied the immune agents in mother's milk, have higher rates of serious illness, though nutritionists caution that much more research needs to be done.
I've done some things right in the past, so I just tried to get back to them.''
Her father was executive sales representative with the Interstate Container Corporation in New York.
The central element of change, as seen by a West German with access to the thinking of Chancellor Helmut Schmidt, is that the events of 1980, notably the Afghan and Polish crises, have reinforced the position of those French policy-makers who believe that Bonn and Paris have national interests that are to some degree contradictory.
Wister and his friend, the artist Frederick Remington, concocted much of the myth themselves, according to Frank Bergon, a visiting professor of English at the University of Washington, co-author of a Western anthology, ''Looking Far West.''
And those mon sters were once adolescents.''
One of the more recent and successful programs trained recruits for ''back office'' jobs as securities clerks in brokerage firms, Mr. Small said.
JANE GREEN The Symphony Space Inc. Manhattan
Houston, the fastest rising big city in America in the 1970's, appears to be leveling off at something like a cruising altitude.
Take the turnip, for example.
The crew of the tug, the David McAllister, recommended that the Lublin craft wait at a nearby buoy, and told the Coast Guard that the Karen E would be there when Coast Guard search-and-rescue boats arrived.
''This resulted in a 47-cents-a-share charge in 1980, compared with 30 cents in the prior year.''
A Buffalo homicide detective and a state police detective were sent to Fort Benning on Friday to investigate the soldier's actions and history.
Cerone said the owner's reaction had upset him a little.
Are we ready for another one?
TO THE LIVING SECTION: For every monkey, snake and exotic bird that clings to a strolling New Yorker, many more die in transit.
At the same house, Hopper's 1921 ''Evening Wind'' went for $8,500 in June 1980 and for $13,500 in November.
He also said that he has been approached by some Hong Kong investors who offered to buy two or three floors of the project, presumably to resell them to people in Hong Kong.
The future bride's father is vice president and controller of the Dun & Bradstreet Corporation in New York.
Has 300 on the Case By contrast, the bureau has more than 300 agents assigned to foreign counterintelligence in New York, many less than it had at the height of the Cold War.
The Jets have many theories of why they were 4-12 last season.
The spokesman said there was no indication the Federal Government would involve itself in this case.
''The Muppets Go to the Movies'' features, among many other things, Miss Piggy as Dorothy in ''The Wizard of Oz'' and Kermit the Frog in a tribute to Fred Astaire, plus splendidly compatible guest appearances by Lily Tomlin and Dudley Moore.
The longest Treasury bond, backed by the Government, fetched nearly 13.75 percent.
In addition, she said, the rules and procedures for the conference, which were formulated by Richard S. Schweiker, Secretary of Health and Human Services, have not been made available to the delegates.
Durable goods orders, heavily influenced by the aircraft, rose 2.9 percent, to a seasonally adjusted $84.6 billion in March, the report said.
''Fashion is change,'' adds Albert Nipon, ''We change enough to give our customers a reason to buy another Nipon.''
The softbound 204-page volume, written by Chester L. Krause and Robert F. Lemke, contains more than 3,500 listings of U.S. currency, ranging from the first federal issues in the Civil War period to bills in production today.
What is amazing about him, as I read him now, is how much demonism without moderating intellect he brought to his special accomplishment - the painfully exact renderings of American aggressiveness under all circumstances, whether in the bedroom or the board room.
TED ELSBERG, President, Council of Supervisors and Administrators of New York City, Brooklyn, May 27, 1981
The fact is that such efforts, monumental exercises that they are, provide food in piddling amounts when compared to the proclaimed need.
Boarding schools throughout the United States will probably continue to accept a substantial number of foreign students.
Dependency on government employment is such that in a University of Guam survey of high school students last year, 53 percent aspired to work for the territorial government because of the long-term security its pension plan provides.
There the checker rang up $1 for the 20 kiwis.
And tomorrow's job, she said, lay in computer technology.
In each instance, intruders first broke into the buildings before setting the fires.
He introduced similar legislation two years ago, but the measure never emerged from a subcommittee on crime.
Warden, the plan hinged on toppling Cardinal Cody by pressing for an investigation.
The quality of the American-run hotels suffered, he said.
Fourth, as immigrants and refugees.
Lentil and Sausage Salad 1 cup lentils 4 cups water 6 ounces smoked kielbasa, peeled and sliced thin 1/2 cup chopped red onion 12 black olives, pitted and quartered 3 tablespoons chopped parsley 1 1/2 teaspoons Dijon mustard 2 tablespoons red wine vinegar 1/3 cup olive oil 1 teaspoon salt Freshly ground black pepper.
The group will travel by private bus, stopping to visit palaces, abbeys, cathedrals, museums and fortresses.
Nevertheless, Arbour planned to leave five regulars behind - Denis Potvin, Butch Goring, Bob Bourne, Tonelli and Anders Kallur, who came up with a slight groin pull.
Markus Imhoof, who wrote and directed this Swiss-German-Austrian coproduction, works with such grace and assurance that he in no way seems to be a novice, notwithstanding the series' title.
Mr. Burg contended that he had not known about any criminal investigation.
The film was produced by Meg Switzgable - who once lived in Princeton and who now resides in New York City - with grants from the New Jersey Committee for the Humanities and about a dozen other groups and individuals.
Mr. Comer said that, with the Dow having soared 31 points in the previous 10 sessions, ''the market got a little ahead of itself and now must pay the piper as some investors cash in their gains.''
He was seriously injured himself in the struggle.
Chairman Backed Compromise ''We had to compromise - we have won a victory in that the alternative was total abolition,'' said board chairman Mason V. Rose, a disabled lawyer from Los Angeles.
He hastened the departure of a number of program executives.
Apart from this one scoring play, which came after Columbia had been halted following a 52-yard march to the Red Raiders' 19, Colgate's defenses had little trouble keeping Columbia's attack contained.
At length we are ready for the volume's most formidable figures, the enemies of the imagination.
To get into the playoffs under the revised league format, the Rangers must finish the season among the first four teams in the Patrick Division, which includes the Islanders.
Gimesi designs can be made to order with fabric they provide and many styles are available as ready-to-wear clothing in a variety of interesting shades.
The talk has become more strident as the global economic outlook has become clouded by stagflation.
He recorded a solo album, ''Manolo,'' for A&M records in 1979, and although it received some airplay and excellent reviews, it disappeared without a trace.
He died late yesterday, and the cause of death was not announced.
Every court that has considered this argument has rejected it, and quite properly so.
This year generic sales of paper napkins, towels, facial tissue and bathroom tissue are expected to total about $200 million.
official, John J. McCracken Jr., said the agency was unable ''to find reasonable assurances that the loan would be repaid.''
''We want them to know everything,'' he said.
''It's easy to take a cavalier attitude about the debt,'' he said, ''but for the people who are managing the Government's finances, it is not an esoteric matter, it is a real problem.''
Any suggested appointments, he said, will be made in consultation with the various Deputy Mayors.
Turn upside down on a plate and leave to cool in the ring.
Only two nations, Japan and the Soviet Union, have modern whaling industries, but even these survive only with Government subsidies.
It was the U.S. Labor Party, a right-wing-oriented group, that conducted the activities and was responsible for the behavior Mr. Golden referred to, not the Socialist Labor Party, a left-wing one.
Mr. Schweiker said that industry and government should be ''partners, not adversaries'' over the issue.
''But the things that really put me into the depression the hardest,'' she said, ''were things that were totally unrelated to what was going on in Iran.''
Yet, if nothing is pressing and I find a favorite sweater while cleaning the cedar closet, I may put it on and go out for a walk.
It looks bad, like they're just interested in our bodies.
At the latest exchange rate, a dollar is worth a little over 98 lira.
This is but a temporary pause in the inevitable march toward untold riches.
''But, of course, you shouldn't win if you do mistakes like I did halfway down.''
This year's edition also has a special section on coin investment prepared by David L. Ganz, a New York lawyernumismatist who writes on the subject regularly for hobby publications.
Making his first public appearance in connection with an appointment to his incoming administration, Mr. Reagan told reporters that both Mr. Brady and his newly announced deputy, Karna Small, a television news broadcaster, would have access to Mr. Reagan personally and to the inner workings of the government.
In a last-ditch attempt to save BL autos - the company's bus and truck divisions are not, so far, affected - both sides were invited for talks with the Government's Arbitration and Conciliation Advisory service.
In their final arguments before a jury in Maricopa County Superior Court, attorneys for a former Arizona State University punter and the coach he said punched him during a 1978 football game disagreed strongly today over what the evidence in a $2.2 million damage suit has shown.
Thirty women trainee construction workers will build a wood frame house - complete with plumbing and wiring.
LEON BOTSTEIN, President, Bard College, Annandale-on-Hudson, N.Y., Feb. 19, 1981
Some middle class blacks have been able to move out of the city altogether.
Spokesmen for groups representing the Moslem-leftist alliance said tonight that rockets had been fired into the Christian port of Junieh, about 12 miles north of Beirut.
Rose Hall and Ann Odre, American tourists injured in the attack, also have left hospitals in Rome after treatment.
The Broncos did not allow the Bills to score a touchdown and Morton hit on 10 of 25 passes for 151 yards and one touchdown.
The House has passed a less stringent standard favored by civil rights groups that would require litigants to show only discriminatory results.
The remaining $1.4 million would then be given to the surviving spouse.
Theoretically, however, a third party could gain financing at some future time by reaching that percentage.
The Council of Economic Advisers says that inflation will come down to 6.2 percent in 1982, 5.6 percent in 1983 and 4.8 percent in 1984.
The Reagan tax cut also would give about 80 percent of the benefits to individuals, and only 20 percent to corporations; however, there would be sharply liberalized depreciation write-offs for businesses investing in new plants and equipment.
In 1976, according to Federal investigators, Mr. Wilson, a former covert operative for the C.I.A., closed a business deal with Col. Muammar el-Qaddafi, the leader of Libya, to sell his expertise in intelligence and military matters to the Libyans for the training of terrorists.
But how would the alliance actually change economic policy if the miracle happened and it formed a government after the next election?
So it was that I opted for television, with its much broader time limits, for ''The Winds of War.''
''They were not published by The New York Times and were not seen by Times editors,'' Mr. Mattson said.
Mr. Biggs, who claims to have spent his share of the robbery money years ago, was kidnapped from a Rio de Janeiro bar on March 16, taken by yacht to Barbados and then put into custody by the police here.
The proposed changes deeply trouble opponents of secrecy.
Fisk is a long-time resident of New Hampshire, and he has often said he wanted to stay near Boston.
The script brings Gandhi to life as a three-dimensional human being,'' he said.
Suspect Called Dangerous Detectives spread out around the area of Emmons Avenue and Coyle Street, where the killer boarded the B-44 bus.
Sharp, who created the concept for the Dick and Jane reading textbooks that were widely used in American classrooms for four decades, died on Wednesday at the Wesley Manor nursing home in Frankfort, Ind.
Business officials see a high ratio as a sign that inventory buildup is involuntary, caused by a buildup in stocks that are going unsold.
The McNells, who ran a small brokerage firm called McNell Securities in the early 1970's, charged in The Post interviews that Mr. Hugel had illegally supplied them with ''insider'' information about two companies.
There is barely an investment that can be made if you assume 18 percent (interest on borrowed) money.
The broader M-1B measure also declined, by $2.3 billion.
The worker was identified by the Brevard County authorities as Anthony E. Hill, 22 years old, of Rockledge, Fla.
''Billy Palmer is disgusted with roller skating.
Thieves smashed through an upper-floor window of the Flatbush Station Post Office in Brooklyn between Saturday afternoon and yesterday morning, looted packages and made off with some postal equipment, a postal inspector said.
He will succeed Robert E. Morris, 59, who will remain chairman.
The carryforward would be reduced from 15 years now to five.
Use of satellites would reduce transmission bills by an estimated 25 percent.
In the winter, they should be kept in rooms no colder than 45 degrees at night.
Then there is the Juxon Medal, now in the British Museum, which was presented to Bishop William Juxon, an Anglican priest who later became the Archbishop of Canterbury, by King Charles I minutes before his death on the scaffold.
Little is known about events in East Timor since the invasion, because Indonesia has reinforced its newest province's isolation, and the bulk of the testimony has come from highly partisan members or supporters of Fretilin, the Revolutionary Front of East Timor, which governed for four months until the Indonesian onslaught and whose armed resistance lingers on.
And Bach, Bach above all.
Mr. Gavin, whose appointment had raised some eyebrows in Mexico City because of his profession and especially his identification with television commercials for rum, has reportedly won over skeptics in American business and diplomatic circles.
Prompted by a continuing buildup of worldwide oil supplies by 2 million to 3 million barrels daily, which has already pushed inventories 500 million barrels above normal, other producing countries are expected to cut prices.
Pakistan is evacuating villagers in an area of Sind Province near the border with India in preparation for an atomic test this summer, the news service Press Trust of India reported today.
Zambia's ability to go on feeding its people is dependent on $800 million in special drawing rights from the International Monetary Fund.
But the Ali image has worn out.
The lawmakers, fearing, perhaps, that the combination of nudity and alcohol could lead to undesirable consequences, gave the State Liquor Authority permission in 1977 to lift the license of bars or clubs permitting topless dancing.
Until last year, Miss Howard says in the October issue of The Dial magazine, she had never been to Australia and, indeed, was ''in a state of almost unrelieved ignorance of Australia.''
It also expands recent rulings by the court making absolute the right to counsel once a person is taken into custody, they said.
To the Editor: Now that the Polish crisis is at the center of world attention, where are the great protests of the left in West Germany?
Time had simply run out.
Now much of that production is sitting idle, unsalable at listed prices and prevailing interest rates.
I can't take that away.''
Other current shows of interest uptown include : ''Decorative Sculpture'' (The Sculpture Center, 167 East 69th Street): The Sculpture Center has the look of an emancipated warehouse that has been borne on flood waters to a location in which galleries are rare.
Ventilation is almost nonexistent, and the cells are terribly hot, causing dehydration and suffocation.
He said the Africans were proceeding with the vote for sanctions tomorrow.
33.Definition Press: Explanation of Aesthetic Realism.
Then some more for the World Series.''
Two mercenaries on display confessed while under guard by Seychelles soldiers.
Each time, the witness reported, he told Kuhn that he was not required to talk and that he was free to return to the house any time.
For the first time, the department's Bureau of Land Management has issued leases for oil exploration in a wilderness area.
Also, a return to Catholicism would be allowed only after the excommunication is lifted by a church official and the offender is absolved in confession.
We commissioned the study that brought about this situation.
Short-covering was said to be responsible for the advance.
There are several valid though speculative reasons for this.
''I don't know if I can trust you.''
In the Council, all other countries, from such American allies as Britain and France to the Soviet Union, have sternly criticized the South African raid.
Despite Wal l Street's current estimation, Mr. McColough ably guidedthe company a gainst stiff competition and a flurry of antitrust suits, while creating and implementing a sound strategy, Mr. Fernandez sai d. ''Peter is handing over a strong organization,'' he added.
ART CENTER ANNIVERSARY The Art Center of Northern New Jersey in Tenafly is celebrating its 25th anniversary with an exhibition of recent collagraphs by Clare Romano and John Ross, two well-known printmakers who were among the center's founders and whose works are owned by the Museum of Modern Art, the Metropolitan Museum of Art, the Whitney Museum and the Smithsonian Institution, among others.
By ANNETTE INSDORF The provocative combination of Napoleon Bonaparte, a pioneering filmmaker, an indefatigable film scholar and an enthusiastic advocate named Francis Ford Coppola requires an appropriate stage on which the dramatic history of nations as well as films can be played out.
When Chubei and Umegawa take flight, we see them making their way through a fierce snowstorm of rice paper that eventually sticks to the costumes of their handlers as well as to them.
At midafternoon, the average age inside Macy's appeared to be 11.
The Administrator, Anne M. Gorsuch, was called to testify before a subcommittee of the House Energy and Commerce Committee by Representative James J. Florio, Democrat of New Jersey.
The findings by Dr. Friedman and his colleagues were published in the Aug. 14 issue of The Journal of the American Medical Association, which has its headquarters here.
The Supreme Court ruled that he concealed his past when he entered the United States as a refugee after World War II.
- A wrap skirt, for easy access, with several pleats at the side.
But Father Hennesey manifestly has not even tried to write it.
Botha as well as by General Viljoen, their task was to attack bases used by the South-West Africa People's Organization, an insurgent movement that has managed to sustain a low-grade guerrilla war in the disputed territory, also known s Namibia.
An ''exhilarating glimpse of a strong mind at work.''
Bert Jones begins his ninth year at quarterback after a healthy, productive season that went unnoticed.
Brown admits to having been disappointed several times when promising leads did not work out.
''We started relying on plays instead of doing what we do best - just run.''
Mr. Lederer, a 42-year-old Democrat from Philadelphia who on Monday was sworn in for his third term in the House, is charged by the Government with bribery and conspiracy.
''If global negotiations means that we continue negotiations as to how all of us can help resolve these problems, we're perfectly willing to.''
She said the Port Chester Water Works had done a terrible job of letting people know about the water shortage.
Remove from heat, allow to cool down and put in refrigerator overnight.
That's one reason for the six-month leave without pay granted to new mothers by Reuben H. Donnelley, a subsidiary of Dun & Bradstreet.
''The Isle of the Little God,'' Mrs. Ferrari said, ''is what the Manichee Indians called Block Island, where my family and I have been going every summer since 1969.''
Page said it would be easier to lease equipment as well as raise capital now that Rouge would not be competing with other divisions for Ford's funds.
Gains by Soviet Union This Soviet activity, unchallenged in recent years by the United States, has led to Soviet gains and the growing perception that the Soviets and their proxies can act with impunity.
Keep accumulating points and the bonus increases.
''I'm glad for that,'' says McGoogan.
Other advertisers, like real-estate brokers, are telling us they'll pay us when they have a closing in a few weeks.''
Curiously, perhaps in reaction to the Great Russians who dominate Soviet society, Mr. Paradjanov has developed in his adversity into a fierce and fervent Armenian.
People are more drawn by the music - and the place.''
States' Ratings The states listed as extremely vulnerable to the effects of acid rain and the average pH of rainfall were Connecticut, 4.4; Kentucky, 4.4; Maine, 4.4; Massachusetts, 4.1; Michigan, 4.4; New Hampshire, 4.3; New Jersey, 4.3; New York, 4.2; North Carolina, 4.4; Pennsylvania, 4.2; Rhode Island, 4.4; South Carolina, 4.6; Vermont, 4.3; West Virginia, 4.3, and Wisconsin, 4.5.
Cost: $100 for five two-hour sessions of beginning French cooking; $125 for five three-hour classes of advanced Chinese cooking.
A lot of things have to fall together.
Some are former moviegoers who have grown to love the outdoors since the bombings of four theaters.
With regard to our foreign policy, a SWAPO government would pursue a policy of nonalignment, for we are already full members of that movement.
Following yesterday's surgery, doctors said Mr. Fonda might leave the hospital in a week to 10 days.
Directors and others associated with India's more serious films are incensed that the Government should be investing so heavily - nearly $7 million so far in loan guarantees - in a basically foreign film while they struggle for crumbs.
Youngsters recently constructing a visitor center and ranger headquarters at Harriman State Park said they had learned how to get along with fellow workers and supervisors and had acquired skills in such areas as carpentry, masonry, rock and cement work.
The Europeans have insisted on such discussions; otherwise they would face domestic political obstacles in accepting the deployment of United States cruise and Pershing-2 missiles in West Germany, Italy and, possibly, Belgium and the Netherlands.
Recently, he recalled, a developer bought 44.6 acres of wheatland for a subdivision.
The cars were not selling anyway, so they raised prices.
Revenues increased 10.4 percent, to $1.03 billion, from $933.5 million.
Last year at the Brooklyn Academy the rising tiers of lookalike bookbacks in ''The Wild Duck'' were so patently unreal that they made the actors in front of them look unreal, too, with a little help from the actors.
But they have powerful security reasons for recognizing Israel and dragging the Palestinians along.
The bidding: South West North East 1 C Pass 2 H 2 S 4 N.T.
Her mother, Teri, is president and her godmother, Lila Wisdom, is vice president.
He now instructs insomniacs to go to bed only when sleepy, to use the bed only for sleep and sexual relations (not to work, watch television, read or eat), to leave the bedroom if unable to sleep, and to get up at the same time each morning no matter how much sleep they got in the night to acquire a consistent sleep rhythm.
For example, we now know that the situation in Poland does not illustrate a democratic development of socialism.
From 9 to 12:30, he is immersed in Hebrew studies, nothing very new to him.
Junior, an Alabama linebacker, in the first round of the draft.
First day events include a walking tour at 2 P.M. by the Friends of Cast Iron Architecture ($2.50; call 369-6004) winding up with a free hot toddy at the Old Merchant's House, 29 East Fourth Street.
In medical school in Boston, my only knowledge about leprosy was from textbooks.
Weekly meetings are held at Grace Church in White Plains, there is a rapidly growing file of information to answer questions from the families and six volunteers take turns being at the jail during visiting hours.
''I wanted preschool children, but the teen-agers came up and I took it,'' she said.
Fifteen years ago, people would have been afraid to come down to the waterfront, especially after dark.
is interested solely in those women's sports that will guarantee revenue and media popularity, and that it will soon ignore the so-called ''lesser sports'' previously nurtured by the A.I.A.W.
But emergencies require the Governor's personal review.
Will Durant, a historian and philosopher who won a Pulitzer Prize with his wife, Ariel, for a volume of their ''Story of Civilization,'' died late yesterday.
At the National, West 44th Street and Broadway; Gra- mercy, East 23d Street near Lexington Avenue, and Manhattan 2, 59th Street between Second and Third Avenues.
But several officials complained that, as in the case of 1983, budget deficits had been predicted in past years, only to disappear in time.
Steinbrenner and Tom Reich, Mumphrey's lawyer, met in Tampa, Fla., last Thursday and had tentatively scheduled another meeting today in New York to conclude their negotiations.
I luckily got a job as an administrative assistant (at-Sonnenblick-Goldman, now a subsidiary of Lehman Brothers Kuhn Loeb Inc.) At that point my husband and I went out and got all the books we could find in real estate and started our joint careers.''
Testimony before the Staggers Committee by Mr. Casey and others differed on whether Mr. Casey or the Justice Department had initiated the request.
The result was a striking mixture that ranged from Wedgewood to swimmingpool hues, against which the Natalia Makarova and Anthony Dowell danced the leading roles with magical effect.
''When they are open, we don't always know whether they will close, and when they are closed, we don't alway s know when they will open.''
The picture of the author on the dust jacket shows a charming man with a self-deprecating smile, as if to say ''I'm trying my hand at this now.''
We camped out in our car and took shifts waiting in line.
They had parred the first two holes.
'A Harassment Technique' Last month Faye Wattleton, president of Planned Parenthood, complained to Richard S. Schweiker, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, that ''the unprecedented series of audits'' represented an abuse of the power and machinery of Government by people philosophically opposed to abortion.
Even so, hospital management company shares have eased with the rest of the market.
And that is lesson No.
Therefore, she decided to live at home and attend nearby Fairfield University instead of going to the College of the Holy Cross in Worcester, Mass., which had been her first plan.
Mike McGee's 25 points enabled Michigan to recover from a slow start and down Wisconsin, 74-67, today in a Big Ten game.
Two children were born of that marriage, Princess Annie-Laurie Auersperg and Prince Alexander Auersperg.
The move marked the first time in the memory of veteran politicians that a legislative body in the New York metropolitan area had turned on its own leader and sided with the executive in a power struggle between the two branches.
Iran's account of the fighting said its troops had killed 200 Iraqis in two days of fighting.
Rather than cut back imports and provoke a recession, Costa Rica has covered its balance-of-payments deficits by borrowing abroad.
It is even suggested that Beaujolais Nouveau or Primeur, as one variation is also called, will undergo a secondary fermentation in the bottle if it is kept too long, and that the bottles may explode from the pressure of the carbon dioxide gas that is a natural byproduct of fermentation.
Zdzislaw Malicki, a deputy from Tarnobrzeg, told Parliament that the Tarnobrzeg protest had already cost $5 million in lost sulphur exports for Poland.
and other Federal agencies are somehow shackled by the rule, calling for its curtailment now would seem to serve only political purposes.
Rodgers anchored at Herald Island, a rocky bit of Arctic land off northeast Siberia, and sent a landing party ashore.
Unlike offshore leasing, which is allocated through competitive bidding, onshore leasing is something of a throwback to that part of the American heritage which says that what belongs to the Government really belongs to the first citizen to show up and claim it.
''The Taming of the Shrew'' had its premiere in 1874, when the composer was only 33, and he died two years later.
The stock market declined broadly yesterday with the Dow Jones industrial average closing at its lowest level in eight months.
It is the bureau that allocates the labor requirements of the mines among its branch offices in five independent black countries - Lesotho, Botswana, Swaziland, Mozambique and Malawi - as well as the so-called black homelands that South Africa has created within its borders.
I would like to suggest the following guidelines: The Middle East should be made nuclear-weapon-free without delay or obstruction.
The Amazon, generally understood to be the region formed by the Amazon River Basin, encompasses some three million square miles, with about 18,600 miles of navigable rivers and a population of perhaps 4.5 million.
The bride, who will retain her name, is attorney in charge of the Manhattan Juvenile Rights Division of the Legal Aid Society.
''First of all, I gotta get in shape,'' he said.
Billy Sullivan, the club owner, said: ''We are in complete shock of something like this happening.
Miss Rosahn, 30, the woman arrested in Manhattan on criminal facilition charges, had just last week been released on $10,000 bail in a Queens case stemming from a violent protest at Kennedy International Airport against the Springboks, a South African rugby team touring the United States.
Mistakenly, he gave the best answers to the essay questions the lowest score.
The victory improved Tennessee's record to 10-4 in the S.E.C., 18-4 over all, and left its unblemished home record intact.
''The boy has no suitable figure to identify with,'' he said, ''and he then becomes extremely anxious, ineffectual.
Both buildings will be expanded with a wing larger than the original structure and built with similar material.
Recently, Fermilab sponsored a symposium on superconductivity, attended by experts from major industries interested in superconductivity.
A touring company from Juilliard will present the work in the schools and Mr. Blum will then visit classes during the next three months to follow up on the teachers' exercises.
There's a new tableau of the Indians selling Manhattan to the Dutch.
* Texasgulf Inc. said operations of the Elf Acquitaine Oil and Gas Co. had been combined with those of Texasgulf Oil and Gas Co. pursuant to their earlier merger.
Melt one tablespoon of the butter in a saucepan and add the chopped onion.
For most of the novel, we are in the Soviet Union in 1975.
executive director, said players risk forfeiting all their prize money in a tournament if they do not put forth an honest effort.
The Syrians believed, according to an American source, that their growing military strength gave them the right to put their missiles where they wished.
Land of the Great Snows More than 200 inches of snow a year fall here.
People get influenza over and over again because the causative viruses undergo frequent transformations, reappearing periodically in forms to which most people are not immune.
The future bride is a granddaughter of Mrs. Faunce Jr. of Kingston, Mass., and the late Mr. Faunce, who was senior vice president and general counsel of the Continental Baking Company.
''We had the Ambassador's cook.''
The Whitneys, for example, are expecting 18 house guests, mainly children and grandchildren who enjoy winter sports in the Adirondacks.
Jim Hogan, 32, who arrived from Florida a decade ago ''to live in the country and be around horses,'' has had similar success with Desperate Annie's, a bar frequented by horse people and bettors.
Jack Sadow, chairman of the Central New Jersey Transportation Board, which represents about 8,000 bus commuters, said that approval of the increases would force riders into cars and vans.
To the Editor: Information in your Feb. 1 news article on fires in buildings makes it clear that the nation's structures are not as safe as they could or should be.
For 2 hours 45 minutes, while Borg and Roscoe Tanner coasted to comfortable victories in the stadium and grandstand, the two teenagers traded service breaks like baseball cards on a backfield court at the National Tennis Center.
Mr. Gallaway, 47 years old, was executive vice president of Texas International from 1972 to 1975.
The most striking omission so far is the uncertainty about whether William Clark, a California Supreme Court Justice, will become Deputy Secretary of State.
He said he expected to do ''a little better'' this time given the more conservative climate in the nation.
Initially, he envisioned a complex of office buildings that would house real-estate offices as well as related businesses such as architects' offices, furniture stores and construction companies.
The Liberals again won 34 seats, and the socialist New Democratic Party won 21 seats, a decrease of 12.
The ''brownstoners,'' who had already brought gentrification to Brooklyn Heights, started spilling south, through Boerum Hill and Cobble Hill and into Carroll Gardens.
I met her at Sloan Square Station and she made her way to Lyons for a coffee instead of the drink waiting for her atthe theater.
He said the tournament will begin Aug. 28 and finish no later than Sept. 13.
''We're involved in the opposite process,'' she went on.
Beef is better frozen after it has been cooked.
Mr. Siegel, in an interview from his office in Chicago, where he is in private practice, said that one of the major economic problems of building hospitals in a conventional way was that they lost 10 percent of their value each year ''because of their incredibly expensive obsolescence.''
''The thing that impressed me the most,'' he said in his office in Cincinnati, ''was that he never lost his patience and got excited.
But Eastern's overall performance has been ''disappointing,'' Mr. Borman conceded, solemn-faced, in an interview yesterday.
Miss Mitchell's luscious voice suggests that she may well be assuming Miss Price's major Verdi and Puccini roles in the near future.
In a sense, the generals already have imprisoned themselves.
The comparisons have put a lot of pressure on Albert, but he seems more relaxed now than in the past, almost comfortable, perhaps relieved by the absence of the spotlight that attends the very top picks.
The eight are also among 23 banks that received a telex message from Poland's state bank, Handlowy, on Tuesday asking for the extra $350 million in bridging finance, the sources said.
We haven't been accused of anything.''
He is one of 38 youths who are residents at Camp Taconic, part of the Young Adult Conservation Program.
Mr. Dyess and reports from Bern and Teheran agreed that "a disposition" in Mrs. Dwyer's case was expected about Monday.
The people from Brooklyn end up buying the newly vacated houses.
would initiate a career and counseling program; a medical research institution; a mortgage fund for low-interest loans, a needy players fund, and a pension fund for players who retired before the union was founded.
The machines, which weigh 22 pounds each and are battery operated, are said to make a minimum of noise.
Carpenter will reportedly receive $600,000 in a three-year contract, though team officials refused to confirm the figures.
Dr. O'Leary said Mr. Brady was on a two-drug antiseizure regimen, half of it phenobarbital.
Third, I regret having to take so many leaves of absence from my boys' classes at the School of American Ballet.
Lebanon has become the Cambodia of the Middle East.
So there are an abundance of small boutiques flowing into one another, around a circular walkway paved with brick-colored tiles.
''We can't decide for the Palestinians behind their backs - President Anwar el-Sadat.
A Navy Officer in War He was born in Washington on March 13, 1916.
Where union and management interests collided, opposition was rational; where interests coincided, the two sides should work together.
Although the Administration's basic tax strategy was essentially decided by the time Mr. Regan entered the Reagan circle, the 62-year-old Treasury chief played an important role in negotiating with Southern Democrats in the House the expanded tax bill that was enacted in August.
The United States Treasury will be the largest single borrower this week, first at the regular Monday auction of three- and six-month bills, followed by Tuesday's auction of $3.25 billion of new notes due in five years, two-months.
He had surrounded himself for the interview with associates in the venture: Matthew J. Culligan, one-time publisher of the old weekly Saturday Evening Post, who is international editor and will also sell ads; Henry Steeger 3d, founder and president of Popular Publications, and George H. Levy, former publisher of Maco Publishing, who is now a consultant and overseer of advertising.
A Favorite of the Left Mr. Thompson is a favorite of the increasingly dominant left wing of the Labor Party.
Tennessee rushed for only 30 yards and completed 14 of 28 passes.
Speaking to one of the most influential business groups in the state, the New York City Partnership Inc., Mr. Anderson described the Governor as ''a fellow riding on a reputation partially earned in 1975.''
As a result, one song tended to blend imperceptibly into another, especially in the Brahms group.
Seaver said he wanted to manage, and 'If I ever do manage, I definitely want you to be my hitting instructor.'
Mr. Pelli's work calls to mind that of Helmut Jahn, the most prominent design partner in the Chicago firm of Murphy/Jahn.
New York is lucky to have him.''
He said the Inaugural Address bespoke a President who ''rejects the negativism of the zero-growth theory and who clearly understands that the limits on our achievements are defined only by the limits of the imagination of the mind of our people.''
Joel Aurnou, her lawyer, has said he would file a notice of appeal within the 30-day period mandated by law and is already preparing the legal brief itself for the Appellate Division of State Supreme Court.
The third set was a runaway for the New Yorker, who has forged into the lead in their career rivalry.
Dr. Michels is chief scientist on the Solwind research team.
On top of that, Tip tripped over an adverb: ''He comes on the tube so beautiful.''
Mr. Tobin, for his part, pointed out in the N.Y.U.
June 14, 1982 - Twelve-night cruise from San Francisco, calling at Vancouver, Prince Rupert, Ketchikan, Juneau, Glacier Bay, Sitka and Victoria.
FOR a first novel, it elicited remarkable critical praise indeed.
She was presented at the 1973 Debutante Cotillion and Christmas Ball and was a member of the Junior Assembly.
Commissioner Davis said that, while the department could use more staff for financial and business analysis, the process of competitive bidding safeguarded the city from being overcharged.
''Ramona was a real different role than Vickie.
In her campaign, Miss Holtzman, who had a liberal record in Congress, pledged to seek stronger penalties for serious crimes, although she said she did not favor the death penalty.
Mr. Walden, who plays the part of a newspaper reporter, Joe Rossi, on the television series ''Lou Grant,'' said some people took his character a little too seriously.
And the American currency closed at 5.6500 French francs, compared with 5.6675 on Monday.
first filed against the school district to end one-race schools.
''I'm not terribly upset about not publishing it.''
They have to get involved.
Broadly speaking, trends in prices for producers' finished goods - that is, goods ready for delivery to retailers -are reflected in retail price trends.
There are more than 100 members.
''This is the novel millions have been waiting for,'' says the come-on below.
In anticipation of a strike, the owners purchased the insurance, which will pay them $100,000 a game for 500 games, or about 40 days, beginning after 153 scheduled games have been missed.
''Dragonslayer,'' a medieval adventure, withered because the ingenuous young sorcerer's apprentice was such a bland, virtuous blob.
More broadly, the President sought to rebut criticism that his overall foreign policy lacks articulation partly because he has not yet made a major foreign-policy address.
Suddenly on my own, that account became my only source of credit.
They are disquieting because labor peace is required for the Communist Party to regain a semblance of control to fend off interference from the Soviet Union.
These stocks dominated the active list in a rare show of group strength on heavy trading volume.
He'll be back to his old self again.
A wind sensor would also be placed at several of the sites.
He was referring to a three-year study issued last week by the Community Service Society, a nonprofit social agency that monitors governmental activities.
If no non-Danish company can wholly capture the Bournonville style, the National Ballet does surprisingly well.
''We have to have incentives so that this situation corrects itself,'' he said.
The officials say that young Eskimos are adjusting to modern ways with some difficulty and that older people are finding it much harder to adapt to jobs and handling money.
After World War II, he was a lieutenant commander in the Naval Reserve.
One is Thomas Henry of Marmora, Cape May County.
Then she continued: ''He began to call every night at 6:30, and he sent roses...'' Judge Leggett interrupted her.
''We face a tremendous challenge in learning about these older couples,'' he said.
It had cafes that were the archetypes of those in which refugees rotted all over Europe in the 30's.
If you're about to have a baby, chances are you'll go into labor around midnight.
Today, its rate on revolving credits stands at 18 percent.
If it's really good, integrate it with other considerments and propose an appropriate technology.
B-Including extraordinary credits of $19,000 for the qr and $66,000 for the 9 mos and $355,000 gain for the 9 mos and $355,000 gain for the 9 mos from the sale of a hospital in Texas...C-Including extraordinary credits of $10,000 for the qr and $16,000 for the 9 mos
Velvet remembrances of times past.
The announcement was made at a crowded news conference here during a meeting of the Organization of African Unity, by Abdelati Obeidi, head of the Libyan Foreign Ministry.
Education officials at Hamilton Township High School in Ohio reluctantly agreed in 1977 to let Kimberly Clark complete her diploma requirements early, but refused, until so ordered by a court, to allow her to participate in the commencement ceremony because she was not a formal member of the class.
The exhibition will run through Nov. 8.
The problems of the immense rail network in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut - more than a thousand miles of track radiating from Manhattan like spokes of a lopsided wheel - are prodigious.
In the twilight the town was like an old print with the haze and smell of peat smoke everywhere.
The Senator's comments infuriated Representative Eligio de la Garza, a Democrat who represents a poor district in south Texas.
There has usually been work for those who have sought it.
Unlike any of the videodisks, the VCR can record telecasts off the air.
One Trenton resident suggested it was probably more spring-like in the New York area.
Chancellor Helmut Schmidt has even more riding on the issue.
''From 1971 to 1972 Simonds lived in a building on 28th Street owned by his brother, who managed rock bands which occupied the other floors.
Unfavorable currency exchange translations helped to depress third-quarter earnings of two major computer makers.
This hereditary blood disorder afflicts roughly 50,000 Americans, nearly all of them black.
''Now, they're not,'' he added.
But people in one country polling place after another stood patiently waiting to mark their choice.
There was a reception at the Colony Club.
On Saturday night their duel decided a championship in North America.
Change Possible Now, however, some analysts say that investor behavior might be different, and that long-term yields could decline without a sharp drop in short-term rates.
''You can't stop progress,'' said Mr. Madison, sadly and without conviction.
The Cities Service Company, a major domestic integrated oil company with revenues last year of $7.8 billion, has chosen Robert H. Chitwood, 51 years old, as its new president and chief operating officer, effective Jan. 1.
Among other things, this major league season seems to be short of is good nicknames.
It's fun while it's lasting.
Mr. Hinckley wrote that he would ''get Reagan'' to impress her.
Such lodges thrive during August, as their names suggest: The Turf and Spa, Playmore Farms, The Thorobred, The Triple Crown.
Officials said the Saudi version of the aircraft would be a highly capable early-warning, surveillance and battle-control plane, particularly in the military environment around the Persian Gulf oilfields in eastern Saudi Arabia.
''There was a basket with little slips all whispering 'Pick me, pick me,' and I was afraid I'd be asked a dumb one or a too difficult one, like 'Ways to conserve energy.'
Official Expected to Testify However, a Justice Department spokesman, Tom DeCair, said that he believed an agreement had been reached today for a department representative to provide on-the-record answers later in the week.
Normal percentages called for a finesse, which would have led to a two-trick defeat.
''We ...'' and he didn't finish the sentence.
Another rate, the key bank rate, fell slightly to 21.03 percent from 21.07 percent the week before and from a record 21.24 percent two weeks ago.
Unlike the more somber holidays, Hanukkah radiates a spirit of warmth and honors Jewish super-heroes: Judas and the Maccabees.
The large number of cases that must be processed, law enforcement officials say, has led them to redefine felonious behavior in New York City.
Revenue service officials emphasized that their ''substantial doubt'' related solely to the repurchase agreement packages devised by the banks and not to the soundness of the savers' certificate program itself.
LeRoy Jolley was walking from the track back to his barn.
In a telephone interview in Washington today, Mr. Meese said that Mr. Allen phoned him Friday to tell him that he had accepted an invitation to appear on ''Meet the Press,'' and asked to meet with him on Saturday in the White House.
Victor Boff, 65, was feeling keen when he and six other members of the Iceberg Athletic Club climbed out of the Atlantic Ocean at Coney Island after a 5 minute to 10 minute swim a little before 2 P.M.
Then the school told him that the next day when he comes to school for English class, his children have to stay home, and the teacher pointed outside, and he said he thought they were going to take him out there and kill him.''
I could have taken a different tack.
''Just asking him to lose weight isn't enough,'' says a baseball man familiar with the Pirates' situation.
Then he will be able to play for the national team of the United States because he has never played for his native England.
Recent studies have indicated that another hormone, progesterone, also can relieve hot flushes.
A man comes through laughing.
He said the question and answer interview had been tape recorded.
''All Stanley is doing is giving a date for an election.''
''Sometimes they just feel the book won't work financially.
In fact, the opera has the feel of Americans abroad, joyfully spreading their wings, unrestricted by the freight of European culture.
The Reagan Administration has reacted cautiously to the request but has deferred some $80 million in debt payments due through June 30 and is considering additional rescheduling of debts.
The two families knew some of the victims.
Bache Halsey Stuart Shields Inc. said yesterday that it had canceled plans to use the American Express gold card as part of its ''cash management-type'' account.
Though some mothers stroke their daughters' hair and tuck them in bed, Grace, the mother in ''Rhine Maidens,'' isn't one of them.
It is hardly any wonder, then, that the composer of ''Fidelio'' could write Cherubini these effusive words: ''I value your dramatic works more highly than those of any other; every time I hear a new work of yours I am enchanted, and I take a greater interest in them than in my own.
But neither was being offered, so I did not go in.''
The Apollo lunar landings, as great a technological and human accomplishment as they were, could not do that.
He had to have blood tests performed to find out how much blood he had lost.
The hourlong workshops will cover women's songs; heroes, hoboes and hard times; banjo styles; concertina accompaniments; hammered dulcimer; yodeling; sea chanteys and gospel.
Decline Reported in New York Richard O. Reed, the school food director for New York State, said in a telephone interview that the number of students buying school lunches was down from last year, but he did not know by how much.
Pork bellies futures prices rose sharply yesterday amid new indications of sustained demand for pork.
He and nearly all his followers were killed on Dec. 30 and 31, according to some reports.
But its source - ''Narrative of the most extraordinary and distressing shipwreck of the whale-ship Essex of Nantucket; which was attacked and finally destroyed by a large spermaceti-whale, in the Pacific Ocean; with an account of the unparalleled sufferings of the captain and crew during a space of ninety-three days at sea, in open boats in the years 1819 & 1820''-is a good catch for its own sake.
Learning how to use that tool is only the first step.''
The case, Rhodes v. Chapman, No.
Compare the two series of pictures to make you realize what a winder can do that you can do better.
On the coast of Oman near Muscat, the Italian archeologist Paolo Costa provides another tour, showing them cylindrical towers from the third millennium B.C., a ziggurat, and copper mines that probably supplied the ore to Bronze Age Sumer.
Stacking groceries in the doll-sized pantry, my sensitive nose told me our daughter would have to deal with her first tenant problem - a gas leak.
One big advantage in using a two-part epoxy adhesive for repairs of this kind, instead of a regular wood glue, is that epoxies are very good for filling voids and cavities where pieces do not fit snugly or where small chips are actually missing - a common problem when repairing split handles.
''It was our first time in the Super Bowl.
Much of the new growth has been the result of decisions by businesses, which have moved to new areas because they have found labor there cheaper and more efficient, according to several studies.
My impression is that if RARG were subject to a RARG-style review of its own benefit-cost ratio, the results would be almost the same as for the E.P.A.
Cardinal Cody declared that by attacking him, the newspaper intended ''to destroy'' the church.
The Oakland Raiders head for New Orleans tomorrow for next Sunday's Super Bowl game against Philadelphia, and their former coach, John Madden, picks them them to win.
Most of the equipment is used by the oil and gas industry.
Skin removed from a dead person and grafted onto a severe burn vicitm is the best covering for the victim, a burn research official says, but not enough skin is being donated to meet the need.
Mr. Dearie was endorsed yesterday by former Mayor Abraham D. Beame, who was in City Hall for four years of Mr. Goldin's service.
Mr. Herman is an ingenious merchandiser of his product - to use the commercial cant that seems to be infecting the arts nowadays.
director -while making it clear that he would not accept the job of Secretary of Energy, which was headed his way.
The book was inspired by my sense of outrage at paying 99 cents a gallon for gasoline, and now that would be a bargain.
He made 13 of 16 shots from the floor and had seven assists.
Third, the selection procedure should insure that a successful election coalition will be transformed into a governing coalition.
The rest are at the mercy of rival Moslem and Christian militiamen who have been engaged in occasional handgun battles despite their pledges to uphold the five-month-old truce.
A Federal grant of $875,000 will be given to the Mercer County Airport in New Jersey for improvements, including the purchase of crash and rescue equipment, it was announced yesterday.
Lost Chance Last Year Last year Millen lost the S.C.C.A.
Through a colleague, Miss Galvany met Arman Boyajian, a gifted vocal coach from New York City, who, she recalled, ''really developed my voice.''
The real victims are those who were stone-cold sober but in the wrong place at the wrong time.
When he submitted a $218 million budget proposal to the City Council last month, he envisioned a $4 million deficit for the fiscal year ended June 30.
President Fernando Belaunde Terry of Peru accused Ecuador today of carrying out an air attack against Peruvian positions on their disputed jungle border and warned of stronger military reprisals if incursions continued.
Michael K. Kirk, a delegate who heads the Office of Legislation and International Affairs in the Patent and Trademark Office, said that one practice to which the United States objected was not eliminated.
It's unusual to have a case like the tragedy in Atlanta, or the Patz case.''
Section 13C provides that job rights of transit workers cannot be adversely affected by Federal subsidies, and that collective-bargaining rights shall be continued.
Despite yesterday's pronounced setback in the market, some Wall Street analysts continued to express optimism for a recovery.
The chief investigator in the office, D.P.
I don't think my people have changed their minds.
Rose Hall, a 21-year-old American from Massachusetts who resides in West Germany, was hit by a bullet that fractured her right arm.
First, the authorities offered to do away with uniforms for all prisoners in the province, issuing them civilian-style clothes in various colors.
Some books are remembered as much for their origins as their literary qualities.
In the two and a half months that Mr. Hernandez worked on Mr. Burris's 15-acre ranch, he performed various outside chores, cared for Mr. Burris's young daughters, cleaned house and washed dishes.
Taxes: $3,000 Stamford, Conn. 48 James Lane 3-bedroom, 2-bath ranch $145,000 1.2 acres.
'Circulation Is a Key' ''Ultimately,'' said J. Kendrick Noble Jr., first vice president at Paine Webber Mitchell Hutchins, ''advertisers advertise because you have readers reading.''
But his party won only 20 seats in parliamentary elections last summer, compared with 57 for Mr. Mugabe's National Union Party.
The deduction would still be barred to employees who do not have a sideline business but merely maintain an office at home for their own convenience, to do work related to their full-time jobs at night and on weekends.
Repeat this action, cutting off each sausage with a 15-inch length and tying at the end.
An Israeli army spokesman said eight persons were slightly wounded in today's shelling.
A SIZABLE crowd attended the Whitney Museum's ''A Kurt Weill Encore,'' the second of three events in the festival celebrating the 25th anniversary of the Composer's Showcase series.
At present, about one-third of their total income derives from Federal grants, contracts, and reimbursements.
It is the mundane misconceptions about the disabled that are sometimes the most frustrating, said Mrs. Barish - even when people have only the best of intentions.
''I think he's got to prove to a lot of people he's not a quitter and what better way than to fight an undefeated world champion?
''If, as seems likely, official development assistance will not increase significantly in coming years, then clearly the major stimulus to development has to come from investment by the private sector,'' said Robert D. Hormats, Assistant Secretary of State for economic and business affairs, in an interview today.
''While we disagree with the committee on some specific bills, I think their thoughtful analysis will be helpful in the legislative process, and their support of parts of our program will be of considerable value.''
Of course, you can still spend the evening with the newspaper, avoiding the tax, but if you open it to the stock tables, and check on your investments, you will be able to calculate the cost of another tax.
''I'm still in makeup,'' Mr. Rooney persisted.
Such a depletion of ranks makes the committee the envy of the special interest and study groups that abound in the nation's capital.
Although Americans have largely returned to their old driving habits this summer (the American Automobile Association reported that requests for route maps are up about 11 percent from last year) there is little evidence of a resurgence of the American love affair with big cars.
The photograph was as shocking to us as an article about George Washington staying at the Jacob Ford Mansion in Morristown would be if accompanied by a picture of a dilapidated old house.
It was intended for use by skillful teachers.
The Kaiser Steel Corporation followed suit almost immediately.
They also said that last weekend agents interviewed Representative Philip M. Crane, Republican of Illinois, to learn what he knew about the matter.
They want to do it the way Walt did - and not as good - till the day they die, and that's the curse.''
Admission to the program is $5.
Examples abound of companies moving from crumbling cites to thriving suburbs.
Ralph Sampson, Virginia's 7-foot-4-inch sophomore, was bothered much of the time by Wake Forest's collapsing zone defense.
Escaping the arid waste known as Dustland, the children finally make their way to something called a ''domity'' - a domed city in the desert run by a godlike supercomputer, Colossus, and its cyborg-archangel, Celester.
These figures were adjusted to smooth out seasonal swings, an adjustment that is often difficult for June.
Richard S. Schweiker, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, said at one news conference that the ''truly needy'' were those who ''wouldn't have any other alternative to economic survival,'' and at another point he described them as people who might starve without Government assistance.
Thus the banks' gain could easily become the local taxpayers' loss.
SAN FRANCISCO (NL) - Named Frank R obinson manager.
''The people of Connecticut who are trying to get conventional mortgages need it, the housing industry needs it and our pension investment program needs it,'' said Henry E. Parker, the State Treasurer, ''because it will represent a high-quality investment as well as being a socially responsible act.''
; 30 QxQ, RxQ, winning a rook.
Moorhead Kennedy and some of the others sharing his basement room at the embassy were preparing for bed late one night, he said, when two of the masked men charged in yelling, ''Savak!
Union history has been neglected in American schools and colleges, according to labor historians and other specialists.
And, like many of Miss Perron's previous efforts, it was attractive as pure movement.
$10.95 for one year, nine issues a year.
David Garnett, one of the last surviving members of the Bloomsbury group of British writers and artists, died Tuesday in Le Verger de Charry, Montcuq, France, where he made his home.
For the next two days, Jordan and Saunders and the two emissaries worked intensively on a plan, or ''scenario,'' to bring the U.N. Commission into being.
The company, so good at dancing independently but yet together, includes Eva Karczag, Lisa Kraus, Diane Madden, Stephen Petronio, Vicky Shick and Randy Warshaw.
They simply are reluctant to forgo some of life's small amenities, such as the Petersens' treasured Iowa State season football tickets.
The Representative said he would also propose tax incentive programs for companies hiring some of the CETA workers who are due to lose their jobs next month.
Grumman's strategy in moving against the LTV takeover was equally direct.
Paul Sarnoff, research director at Rudolf Wolff Commodity Brokers Inc., the American arm of the London metals brokerage house, agreed that many investors were being subjected to high-pressure sales pitches that could prove financially disastrous.
Many of the 4,000 Connecticut members of the Smithsonian Institution, along with the public, will attend a series of programs to be conducted by Smithsonian staff members at the Thames Science Center and the Lyman Allyn Museum in New London, New London Historical Society and Mystic Seaport.
At his stall of spices, canned goods and olives, Al Lapp shrugs.
Mr. Landes indicated that the Legislature would most likely consider such a request from Westchester or any other municipality that asks for special protections.
Growing Finley, Kumble, Wagner, Heine, Underberg & Casey of New York has grown from virtually nothing in 1968 to its current size of 191 attorneys.
It took some passengers as long as three hours to get through as inspectors struggled to check thoroughly for illegal drugs and disease-bearing foods or plants as well as foreign visitors who were considered likely to overstay their visas.
He is survived by his wife, Glikla; three daughters, Pepa Karasick and Anita Walker, both of New York City, and Margalit Zwiebel of Tel Aviv; a brother, Munia of Moscow; 10 grandchildren and 13 greatgrandchildren.
And what if the environmental study produces negative results?
Cook six minutes on one side, then four to five on the other, leaving both sides golden brown.
The New York and the American stock exchanges issued yesterday their latest reports of changes in the shareholdings of officers, directors and large stockholders in companies whose shares are listed on the exchanges.
Although her previous works were published by Doubleday, Mrs. Klopfer said she would offer her current project, a history of the early days of the New Deal, to Random House.
As Mr. Cook was recently told by the painter Frank Stella, an Andover alumnus active in the Addison fund drive, ''Don't forget that the works of art are the real teachers.''
As might be expected, the most important films and biggest stars command the highest prices.
However, local farmers railed against the idea of outsiders coming in to tell them what to do with their land.
Its large-vessel marine supply fleet ranks as No.4.
He said the punching incident occurred after the final kick, in the fourth quarter.
Admission tonight: $7.50; other programs: $4.
How to provide such safeguards in a manner that protects the court's efficient operation will be one of the system's challenges.
To the Editor: One, and only one, industry in the United States receives praise and sympathetic appreciation when it explains that it has raised the price for its product in an effort to control inflation: the banking industry.
Governor Thornburgh said this week that consumers would be better served if Pennsylvania's 48-year-old monopoly on the sale of hard liquor and wine was ended.
The 45-year-old Mr. Fitzpatrick is a simultaneous interpreter at the United Nations - his languages are English, French and Spanish - and he and Miss Ashley had lived together for five years before they were married Sept. 6.
However, the 76ers ran off 10 straight points, including 4 apiece by Maurice Cheeks and Bobby Jones, to get back into the game.
Volume contracted to 40.7 million shares, from Tuesday's 49.8 million, and issues that advanced in price sl ightly outnumbered those that declined.
In devices as complex as 64K wafers the printing must be precise.
Goal of Self-Sufficiency In 1979, when the three buildings were burned-out shells, they were bought from the city by the Banana Kelly Neighborhood Improvement Association for $900 each.
A President's power to impound funds, a way to block the expenditure of money appropriated by Congress, ended in 1974 with enactment of the Budget and Impoundment Act.
Subscriptions have averaged about 60 percent year in and year out.
Until the last few weeks, the money supply had been growing at a far faster rate than the Federal Reserve wanted.
At the Baronet, Third Avenue and 59th Street.
In July 1781, George Washington's Grand Reconnaissance sent 5,000 American and French troops from the Bronx into British-occupied Queens and northern Manhattan as the first step of a planned invasion of the two island locations.
But the Dolphins committed fouls that sent Rains and Herb Andrew to the free-throw line, where they sank a total of six shots in the final minute to seal the victory.
'Very Strongest Message' ''The President does not intend to compromise on his own tax bill,'' said a White House spokesman, Larry Speakes.
Exactly how it will ever be explained to the others present why mother's head never does strike the ground but remains suspended in air though quite unsupported, I can't imagine.
Al Goldberg, a public relations executive who recently joined Hill & Knowlton on the West Coast, commutes on weekends from Los Angeles to Toledo, Ohio, where his old house has been on the market for three months.
Higher yields make dollars more attractive to investors, thus buoying demand for the currency.
They were tucked down very neatly between the mattress and the edge of his crib.
President Nicolae Ceausescu of Rumania has called on the Soviet Union to withdraw the middle-range nuclear missiles it has targeted on Western Europe.
Hope to God the people will be gone.
Senator Metzenbaum contrasted the projected 25 percent cut in the growth of social programs with the financing of the water projects, which survived the Senate Budget Committee almost intact.
Company officials believe the Cleveland audience for its repertory currently totals slightly more than 40,000 tickets a year.
That is down from 10,263 in 1980 and 19,326 in 1979, and how long even this vestige of mundanity can remain in Fiat's stable is anybody's guess.
He's going to run all over the place.
Officials say the company's ski buses have been such a success since they started operating two seasons ago that the service is being expanded.
Last year it acquired Ethan Allen and Broyhill Furniture Industries.
Theodore Hood, an architect and engineer who helped design the United Nations headquarters, died Wednesday of a heart attack at the Veterans Administration Hospital in Manhattan.
During the couple's stay, separatist Tamil forces robbed a bank and killed a soldier.
The bomb, placed under a bridge near Teheran University, shattered windows but caused no casualties.
They have two sons, David, a 1980 graduate of Harvard who will enter Yale Law School in September, and Jeffrey, a junior at Williams College in Williamstown, Mass.
Report Rebuts 'Myth' ''Counter to the prevailing myth that the homeless choose their nomadic lifestyle and refuse any assistance offered them,'' the report says, ''the reality is that most have never been offered the fundamental provisions of decent food and humane, noncoercive shelter.''
But he quickly added, ''You can't double a business every two years.''
Garland's Oak Creek Lodge (602-282-3343), has cabins for two at $60 and $78 a night; the price includes dinner and breakfast.
We have to face this issue and get it behind us.''
International A negotiated end to the Middle East crisis is ''achievable,'' said Philip C. Habib, President Reagan's special envoy, on his return from three weeks of negotiations in the Middle East.
Now, he said, teams of investigators from Commerce, Customs and the Federal Bureau of Investigation are working on cases, and his agency is expanding its operations.
3, a lapsed Catholic Darwinian teacher, is good for intellectual chats but hates sex (''I just want to get up and play some more Bach'').
The 43 artists in this show have taken on the Eastern mantle variously.
The triumph was Paterno's l50th as Penn State head coach against 33 defeats and one tie.
Dr. Bolen suggests that longstanding medical traditions have encouraged sexist attitudes.
The player representatives also said that as time passed their peers became increasingly militant and less willing to compromise on the issue of free-agent compensation.
BALTIMORE (AL) - Signed Sammy S tewart, pitcher; Lenn Sakata, infielder; B enny Ayala and Gary Roenicke, outfield- e rs.
''People didn't know what to expect.''
Despite the more serious nature of corporate boards, they still retain some attributes of a social club, although the directors are paid for joining.
In a statement released to the country's official press agency, he said that, during the current economic readjustment program, China would steadily expand agriculture, light industry, energy production and communications.
Does anybody see the ball?''
In all, News Ltd.'s wholly owned American subsidiary, News America Ltd., will earn about $4.5 million this year (after taxes) on about $200 million in revenues, according to John Morton, a newspaper analyst with John Muir & Company in Washington.
Moreover, both Brazil and Argentina have become suppliers to the Soviet Union, particularly since the partial American embargo imposed over a year ago,'' Mr. Chang noted that the Soviet purchases from South America, and the fact that last summer's drought reduced the domestic crop to 1.8 billion bushels from the record 2.25 in 1979, caused much of the buying last fall.
This will save six to eight months.
Still, there's no going back.
The featured singers are Raymond Allen, Robert Barker, Bruce Gould, Stephen O'Mara, Richard Perry, Cheryl Savitt and J.J. Webber.
Few of these young artists were better informed or more keenly responsive, in this respect, than Miss Frankenthaler.
The problem, she added, is how ''to get the people in the trenches to talk to each other.''
''Anthony was content to do the creating and let others do the collecting.
The teamsters property is what's behind this whole bloody mess.''
Canadian officials said today that slightly more than $6 billion (Canadian) had been sent abroad thus far for takeovers in the energy field.
Harvey Taub, a supervisor of the Office of Job Services in the state's Department of Labor, said that 80 older people in the last three years were hired by the state to work part time in clerical jobs on the Island.
The Cast GENTLEMEN, THE MARIONETTE!
The U.S. is going to the international market to buy oil for the Strategic Petroleum Reserve.
It would not be in character for Sax to play the tame 7 B-K2, but 7 P-KN4 is heavily committing to an all-out attack.
Today's Columns Disparities of wealth and income appear to be growing in the United States, and the Reagan Administration's economic policies are a major contributing factor.
They worked to delay commercial breeder and reprocessing technology in the United States, Europe and Japan that would exploit the use of plutonium fuel.
This is because there is room for only 40 parking spaces at the beach.
- Bud Adams has to be wondering if his insistence on an offensive coordinator was worth it.
The quality of the beans varies enormously, as in the case of coffee beans.
He continued his studies in New York at the Institute, then joined it as a clinician, teacher and researcher.
The American Civil Liberties Union sued in San Mateo County to halt three practices and won an order ending the surveillance of pay telephones in the public reception areas of the jail.
She stood apart from the other poets of her time not only in her craftsmanship but for her unmatched frankness, as she expressed the Bohemian attitudes toward love and the discarded conventions of a pre-war society.
The Carter Administration used all three of the forgoing instruments against inflation, with a powerful residual emphasis on monetary policy.
These days, they do know science fiction.''
The furniture is supposed to suit expensive tastes.
At least, Nassau County's Recreation and Parks Department is counting on this truism, for it has scheduled a Frostbite Regatta, for dinghies 10 feet or under, for Eisenhower Park Lake on Saturday, and it hopes people will show up - to compete (entry fee $4; 542-4441) and/or watch the races.
They could not affix the chain from outside.
''Reagan will show his hand later.
''Somebody dies, somebody becomes moribund, somebody moves to Florida.
But if you ask too much, they go someplace else, and you want the publicity.
LYNNE F. KATZ, White Plains
First, it would extend to Aug. 6, 1992 the requirements under which some cities and states must obtain approval from the Justice Department or the Federal district court here for any change in voting procedures, no matter how small.
Interfund Borrowing Possible The Congressional Budget Office has calculated that interfund borrowing would keep the Social Security System solvent through the critical years of 1982 to 1986 if President Reagan's economic assumptions prove correct.
New York: Simon & Schuster.
A week later, Mr. and Mrs. Mecom filed for personal reorganization.
Words like ''linguini'' and ''smarmy'' turn up in the most amusing of contexts.
A Czechoslovak court yesterday sentenced six Catholics to prison terms of up to three years on charges of illegally publishing and distributing religious literature for profit, dissident sources said today.
His Subject Was Moral Choice What he talked about was moral choice.
The consumption of cheese is a serious business in this northern region of France near the Belgian border.
A terrific - in every sense of the word -Christ, seated on the globe and flanked by, on the left, St. Vitalis and an angel and, on the right, an angel and Bishop Ecclesius (who holds a model of the church), fills the hemisphere above the altar, all is set in a gilded sky with scarlet and azure clouds.
In Nashville, on the same day, he insisted that ''we need to maintain the financial discipline - and particularly restraint on the creation of money and credit - essential to turn back inflation and restore price stability .... One clear priority in that respect must be to relieve the pressures on financial markets from the actual and anticipated Federal deficit.''
'Heart Bill' Extension The Senate approved a two-year extension of the ''heart bill,'' which allows New York City policemen and firemen to retire at threequarters pay if they develop a heart ailment during their employment, on or off the job.
Requires state agencies to review the paperwork requirements they impose on business.
Only a handful of licenses have been issued since March 1979, when an accident shut down a reactor at Three Mile Island in Pennsylvania.
All the sports teams emphasized that they were looking into as many ways as possible to conserve water.
When a fire breaks out anywhere in the county, the unit is called in.
Darling said, ''and you're never alone in the kitchen - people love to gather around.''
The rocks at the end of the beach attracted several species of bright-colored fish.
Opposition parties said they would boycott the voting.
President Carter, however, eventually reversed that trend and outlays rose from 5 percent of G.N.P.
The agency's action parallels a similar Congressional authorization in a bill passed Wednesday that President Reagan is expected to sign shortly.
Last year there were 34.
The proposal that Mr. McMillian wants approved could shift some of the pipeline's $40 billion cost to consumers before construction is completed.
Qasr-i-Shirin is situated on the traditional Baghdad-Teheran trade route, a few miles from the Iraqi border.
When the visitor arrives, eager to meet men, the resort regulars are embarrassed by the intrusion of a ''straight'' stranger.
The best one can say for his work is that he means well, but being terribly cute is not the answer.
The East Lyme Marathon, in its second year, begins at 8:30 A.M. on Sept. 27, and the fifth Ridgefield Marathon at 11 A.M. on Oct. 18.
Juke joints are like that.
Almost all 800 residents of Belt, 20 miles east of Great Falls, were evacuated early today after the officials said they feared a natural dam caused by debris might give way farther up Belt Creek.
Now Edward J. Brady, Republican of Mount Pleasant and the majority leader, was on his feet.
* No agents or solicitors are authorized to seek contributions for The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund.
asked the irate woman caller on a rural radio talk show recently.
Under the 1978 law, the patrons - like those charged with prostitution - are charged with a Class B criminal misdemeanor, which carries up to 90 days in jail or a $500 fine on conviction.
When the O'Neill Center, in Waterford, Conn., started, I was one of the first group picked to go there, and later I got a grant to work at Yale.''
''I know more about European fiction than American, but I don't think that's a handicap,'' said Mr. Agee, whose father regularly sent him packages of books to read.
''But I think that everyone is conserving,'' Mrs. Steinberg said.
Joe Pisano, a welfare case worker, said the early refugees were able to work into American life because they were mostly urbanized people, who came from around Saigon, where they learned something about American ways.
While I realize that the Real Estate section must deal with these matters from one particular point of view, I was most distressed to see Mr. Horsley neglect what has happened to Third Avenue between 40th Street and 59th Street from the point of view of residential building.
An 'Unprecedented Gathering' The session brought together dozens of university presidents, deans and Nobel Prize winners from around the country in response to a call from Dr. Frank Press, the new president of the National Academy of Sciences.
Latex paints are more permeable.
Waters to large numbers of white listeners in the United States, and his career received another boost a few years later when English rock groups began talking of him as an important influence.
To the Editor: The editorial ''What's Fair on the Modern Air'' (Sept. 29) represented the scope of the existing fairness doctrine too narrowly.
A rookie, Fulton Walker, starts.
Twelve were treated at the track and two were hospitalized.
Fifteen years ago, when the summer concerts at Lincoln Center now known as the Mostly Mozart Festival first broke into view, its promoters put out a button that read: ''Mozart Forever.''
''It's really worked out well for me,'' Mr. Minoo said.
A few months ago, I accompanied a male colleague from the science museum where I sometimes work to a lunch of the history of science faculty at the University of California.
The discovery of more than 220 skeletons from 56 domiciles led the specialists to believe they have found the site of the oldest known village in the Western Hemisphere.
One of the founders of Scribner's was Dr. Josiah Gilbert Holland, a stern moralist, according to Mr. John, who waged literary war on all who did not share his evangelical beliefs.
U.S. Reports Israeli Buildup Officials in Washington reported yesterday that Israel had built up its ground forces in the Golan Heights and along the Lebanese border.
Normally, the Governor would appoint a new Secretary.
''From what I have seen,'' Mr. Herb said , ''your typical engineer with a 3.0 grade point averageand one summe r of work experience has at least three offers, and probably five or six.
How does it fare in the round?
So take my advice: mark the saffron planting until it becomes a familiar part of the gardening pattern and has formed a small colony of corms.
Maria's Pizzeria, 594 Crescent St., Brooklyn.
The first was ''The Steam Pig'' in 1972, and there have been six since then, the most recent being THE BLOOD OF AN ENGLISHMAN (Harper & Row, $10.95).
At the same time, God, like all of us, wants to be loved.
Probably a large part of Oregon's differences with its Western and Southern colleagues in population growth is explained by the origins of its new settlers.
I, and many people like me, have a great deal of sympathy for the small homeowner.
Some of the convicted union leaders were identified by lawenforcement officials as members of organized crime or as associates of alleged members of organized crime.
When the Chief of Naval Operations, Admiral Thomas B. Hayward, went before Congress a few weeks ago to report on the Navy's strength, he said that ''for the first time in anyone's recollection, the United States Navy is unable fully to meet its peacetime commitments.''
The official Mozambican news agency AIM said today that a second American had been detained in Mozambique, which earlier this month expelled four United States Embassy staff members on charges they were spies for the Central Intelligence Agency.
Later, Senator John C. Danforth, Republican of Missouri, failed in an effort to elicit Mr. Regan's view as to what an upper limit might be.
''But I fought and fought with them to keep him with me.
''The early summer months were really big ones for brewers last year,'' he said.
''I never would have mentioned it, but when I found that my integrity and ability were on the line, I thought I'd better.''
In 1977, Morocco helped him repulse rebels in Shaba, the former Katanga Province; in 1978 the French Foreign Legion did the same for him, and today, French, Belgium and Chinese instructors are training his army.
From Sept. 1 to Nov. 30, Miss Washington said, Self-Powered agreed to emit 7 curies.
He explained it this way: ''We wondered why we should be asked to consider leasing a system that could distribute 1,000 megawatts when the county might be able to obtain only 100 megawatts.
Investors in shares purchased at those levels, in essence, obtain all other assets - real estate, plant and equipment - at no cost.
Carter Hawley Hale Stores Inc., which includes Bergdorf Goodman and Neiman Marcus, said sales in the five weeks ended April 4 rose 7.8 percent, to $225.1 million.
He started selling Bibles and religious books door-to-door, and in 1969 he paid $2.6 million for the lagging American division of Thomas Nelson & Sons, a 170-year-old British-owned publisher.
High rents, competing pastimes, a disorderly clientele and the popularity of home tables are among the reasons usually cited.
But the quartet that he is leading through Saturday at Fat Tuesday's, Third Avenue at 17th Street, 10), takes a slightly different tack.
Early in December, he said, ''they started buttering us up, trying to get us to make statements and signing different documents.''
Some freelance engagements pay enough, some don't.
''Many Arabs and Israelis are beginning to resign themselves to prolonged confrontation and violence because they see no alternative that promises a just comprehensive peace,'' it said.
There are 1,194 lire to the dollar.
In a more formal dining room situation, the cabinets, when fitted with concealed casters, can be rolled against the wall.
Mountier Saad was taken to Staten Island Hospital and later transferred to the same Manhattan hospital.
It was not until the mid-20's that he obtained his first major commission - a commemorative mural for which his patrons built a chapel, in Burghclere, Hampshire.
That means that they could help with our park maintenance and relieve the problem of park help.
''This is sort of bringing me back home and broadening the charter,'' Mr. Herbert said.
Today, Mr. Goldberg tells all -well, not all, because the time is limited - in a talk at 12:30 P.M. in the Donnell Library Center, 20 West 53d Street, itself a place worthy of a Shoestring tour.
The Ford announcement came three days after G.M.
The White House has not taken a public stand on whether to seek to renew the Voting Rights Act of 1965, when it expires next year.
To this taste, the production is a shallow perversion.
She picks up Bedford and parts of Lewisboro and Pound Ridge.
The Reagan Administration feels that the present treaty draft is biased against seabed mining by the private companies of industrialized countries and in favor of the seabed authority's own mining enterprise.
The Iranians sent back the proposal for the deposit of $24 billion - about $14 billion to cover frozen assets and $10 billion as a kind of one-year bond against the recovery of the Shah's wealth.
With competition in three of the 16 sports completed in the 11-day Games, the United States had 26 medals: 10 gold medals, 10 silver medals and six bronze medals.
Yesterday Campo said he had decided not to enter the colt bec ause ''he is not a t his best,'' and ''you shouldn't play any games with the people or the track.''
Mr. Altschul is survived by his wife; two daughters, Margaret Lang and Edith Graham; a son Arthur G., a limited partner in the investment concern of Goldman Sachs and board chairman of General American Investors Corporation; 11 grandchildren and four greatgrandchildren.
''Then we took it two floors a day in each building.''
The lobbying firm, Timmons and Company, was retained to help get Government approval, and the Washington public relations firm, Gray and Company, handled the press.
''All lakes die eventually,'' said Arnold Schiffman, director of the Division of Water Resources of the Department of Environmental Protection.
In addition to Mr. Leist, they are James Lovell, group vice president of Centel Business Systems, and Charles A. Specht, a business consultant.
He caught me flush on the jaw, so hard he turned me around.
Further, it argues, if the agreement with Iran was intended to restore things as they were before the freeze, that attachment should be honored.
The Prime Minister told the Cabinet that any reference to the European Economic Community's 1980 Venice declaration, in which Palestinian self-determination was embraced and the Palestine Liberation Organization named as a part of the peace process, would disqualify a country from participation.
For many years, people fought for group homes run by the division for youngsters who were unable to live at home but who could, with supervision, live in a homelike atmosphere, go to school and eventually make contributions to their communities.
Gagliardi completed 17 of 26 passes for 157 yards.
They're then demonstrating in favor of the war.
Mrs. Freedman was the first director of the New York City Department of Cultural Affairs, a position she held from 1967 to 1970.
As a resident, I still haven't seen a plan and how it applies to me.
All involved - the mentally retarded as well as the inflationridden Long Island homeowners - are victims of a sort.
''Having just done 'Rigoletto' in October, there was just no way we could get ready in time for 'Mikado,' '' said Carl Olsen, who took over as general manager of the company when it was restructured this fall after financial and artistic difficulties.
Looking for the cause of this seeming paradox, Dr. Maier discovered that at the localized spot of heat created by the intense pressure of the stylus against the record surface, the film of water interacts with the record material in such a way as to produce high levels of acidity.
The Americans beat the Japanese national team in the third game, 1-0, and finished with a 4-0-2 record; China was 2-3-1 and Japan was 1-4-1.
Policy has to land somewhere in between.
Mr. Riccio's attorney, Peter Kehoe, called the charges ''a trashy love novel,'' adding that what his client had done was ''stupid and indiscreet, but not illegal.''
For some years she wrote a frequent column for Advertising Age.
The utility is seeking permission to restart the plant's undamaged reactor.
They collide into a real and lengthy kiss on the lips.
The fine for tanking is now $3,000, hardly a penalty in view of the six-figure earnings of many players.
Both were reported in fair condition at St. John's Queens Hospital.
The filling: 8 egg yolks 1 Cup granulated sugar 3/4 cup or 1 1/2 sticks of unsalted butter, cut in chunks Juice of 4 large or 5 small lemons Grated rind of 1 lemon The topping: 6 egg whites pinch of salt 1 cup sugar 1/2 teaspoon cream of tartar The garnish: 2 lemons, thinly sliced in rounds.
Many brought along their lunch, followed by ice cream cones from a nearby stand.
The proposed plant would be able to dispose of or treat 500,000 tons of the 1.4 million tons of waste a year generated in the state.
Besides being charged with having conspired to murder the three men, all seven were also charged with plotting a fourth murder, distributing narcotics, and running an illegal gambling business.
But despite the understated image the company projects, by one measure Seligman & Latz begs for recognition.
The Israelis told the Americans that they had used conventional bombs, not precision-guided bombs as thought yesterday.
HOTELS - Chicago is a convention capital, so you should make reservations as far in advance as possible.
The only navy weapons system untouched by the cuts would be the Trident missiles with British warheads that are carried in British submarines.
1 MRS. HARRIS: The Death of the Scarsdale Diet Doctor.
The Assemblyman said he wanted an investigation of cost overruns at Shoreham to determine wha t portion could be leveled against Lilco stockholders because of mismanagement.
Marcolongo, however, does not think the idea of a Nile swim to be outlandish, although he concedes that a vacationer on a luxury river cruise would probably not leap overboard for a dip.
Now, radio is the only broadcast advertising, with 80 percent of the spending.
Magazine Job in the East Mr. Algren moved East in 1974 when he accepted a magazine writing assignment, living first in urban New Jersey, in Paterson and Hackensack, before taking himself and his extensive library to the historic village of Sag Harbor.
Eight years later a large Apache coiled storage basket went under the gavel at Sotheby.
For two weeks he went off to have lunch with guards officers in London, telling them he was researching background, but actually observing ''accents, movements, the way they treated each other, the timing of things.''
Although the county's Recreation and Parks Department is again urging people not to take any bread to Grant Park Pond or other nearby ponds, there is no ban against their taking it in.
Born Ruby Stevens in Brooklyn, orphaned at four, on her own and wrapping packages at a department store at 13, a nightclub dancer at 16, she is still grateful for the bounty that came afterward.
As a musician, Mr. Eschenbach has wide-ranging tastes, from Verdi to Berg to Chopin, and is striving to overcome the image tacked onto him earlier in his career as a Mozart-Schubert-Beethoven man.
The opposition came despite the fact that the Administration plan maintains civilian control over the $6 billion nuclear weapons program that employs 54,000 people.
We need not worry about him; he obviously is the toughest, as well as the smartest, man in Africa.
He also assures viewers that Lady Diana's older sister, Sarah Spencer, with whom Prince Charles had first been mentioned, is in no way upset and, in fact, ''very much blesses the marriage.''
A 16-ounce jar of commercial mayonnaise, for instance, costs a little more than $1 in a supermarket, and those fancy ''salad and sandwich spreads,'' which contain sugar, salt, cornstarch and other unneeded ingredients, cost much more.
The Panthers were penalized more than 80 yards.
Cablevision consists of a series of separate companies, each structured as a limited partnership.
6 oil they have to get rid of it,'' Mr. Thompson said.
Juan Eichelberger (8-6) held Los Angeles to seven hits in eight innings, walking three and striking out 10.
''Most of the parties were organized like an American Tammany Hall,'' said Amos Elon, the author and journalist.
He was elected chief executive in 1970.
This is certainly not excessive to pay for maintenance of an excellent lawn.
We know that we have to work like hell to get the big play against them.''
One promising type of remedy is about to be tried, both nationally and in New York.
He implied, in a carefully worded phrase, that he would like to amend Japan's Constitution, but he said it was politically close to impossible.
Mr. Byrne said he recognized that low-income housing was a controversial issue that had raised complex questions that were still before the State Supreme Court.
Motivation Is Economic The contention to secure a Super Bowl is strong.
He said that Mr. Prudenti was th e county Re publican leader, but that the party was ''to some extent fragmente d'' by the relatively independent 10 town organizations.
I mean, when the hell else would I do it?
The youngsters were encouraged to bring their collections for evaluation by experts.
''If I was George Steinbrenner, I wouldn't mess with Willie.
A literary agent saw the piece, liked it and found Mr. Curtis a publisher.
Inglenook Vineyards cabernet sauvignon 1977.
It wasthe first meeting of negotiators with Federal mediators since negotiations broke off in July.
This panel would consist of experts in the field who would be appointed to three-year terms by the Product Safety Commission in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services.
In the over-the-counter market, the Nasdaq composite index dipped 0.83, to 220.01.
The alternative is not to become involved.
From child star to teen-age ingenue to mature actress, Miss Wood, a short, slender woman with brown hair, radiant dark eyes and a flair for the extravagant, grew up in, and with, the Hollywood of celluloid images: mansions and yachts, midnight swims and motorcycle rides, celebrity parties and night life.
Auto companies record a car as sold when it leaves the factory, regardless of when it is sold by a dealer.
''If you're going to do any maneuvering, have any input on the agenda or resolution process, you must meet well in advance with the party chairman, and you must meet yourselves to see where you're going.''
The best of the beefsteak tomatoes, plum tomatoes or cherry tomatoes available here do not compare with these in taste and texture.
Furthermore, the scarcity of rental units is not a function of tax policies but rather the lack of a free market in housing, especially in New York City.
This means that the house is being sold ''as is.''
In this endeavor, we are united with our neighboring civic associations, the New England Village Civic Association, the South Setauket Park District Civic Association and the Civic Association of the Setaukets.
But don't let the names confuse you.
Unsweetened chocolate is sold as baker's chocolate.
Maurice B. Ullman, chairman of the Strouse-Adler Company of New Haven, manufacturers of women's undergarments, died last Thursday at Griffin Hospital in Derby, Conn.
Western business is being invited to participate in all kinds of activities here - including Americans, despite the coldness from Washington.
Idealistic woman laywer versus two vengeful men: fiction.
Insurgents to Seek Sanctions But Theo Ben Gurirab, a spokesman for the insurgent movement known as the South-West Africa People's Organization, attributed the failure to the ''intransigence and prevarication'' of South Africa.
Six hearts from North would have succeeded easily, but there was a serious danger of a quick spade ruff by the defense.
Why not call it the Paley plan and try it?
''Just like picking up nickels and dimes,'' said Jim Wood, planting his long-handled clam tongs in the shallow bottom around his boat and hauling up muddy forkfuls of dark-shelled chowder clams, cherrystones and a few prized littlenecks.
The group with the largest military force is led by Pol Pot, who has some 30,000 to 40,000 Communist forces operating out of sanctuaries inside Cambodia with military help from China.
The Minnesota study and others like it found that few older persons remember oral instructions about drugs.
But I think I read somewhere that Edwin just about destroyed all traces of his brother after that.''
The film was shot originally on videotape, whose images were transferred to film in such a fashion that much of the time we are simultaneously watching two images set inside a black film frame.
(Koto, or old blades, were made before 1603; Shinto, or new blades, were made after 1603).
In one scene he delivers a eulogy over the grave of a dead Justice, and yet he also includes many comic flourishes.
The lines are clean and geometric, Renaissance rather than Baroque, and there is none of the exuberant, even outlandish devotional ornament that one expects of a Mexican church - it is all in somewhat selfconscious good taste and was redecorated to that end in 1899.
The victory helped to insure Protestant domination in Ireland for 200 years, and in 1692 the Irish Parliament approved a law granting freedom of worship to the Huguenots and other ''Protestant strangers.''
''We must have a sense of urgency -not a sense of emergency,'' Mr. Regan said.
We lost touch with reality.''
Lietzke, who has won five tournaments in his six years on the tour, found his round frustrating because ''I didn't make any putts.''
''Often the best plays come from the most unlikely sources,'' he added.
If East wins this, he must do something helpful, so West must rise with an honor and lead his last spade.
Page's in which a freelance photographer was injured while on assignment.
He studied classical ballet intensely from 1962 to 1964, when he was called into the Soviet army and toured as a member of the marine folk ensemble.
Shearson Up 6 3/8 On the New York Stock Exchange, Shearson Loeb Rhoades surged 6 3/8 points, to 48 5/8, and traded at a new high.
Unhappily, the controllers chose to confront a popular, determined, politically astute President, at a time Congress is in a cost-conscious mood, and the public is not very sympathetic to the demands and needs of the strikers.
Then I hope they hang him, he said.
''At one point, when I was within 30 feet of him, spectators yelled for him to jump.''
With the toppling of Mr. Bani-Sadr and Westernized liberals associated with him, the Mujahedeen and other opponents of Islamic fundamentalist rule have begun a campaign of terror against the clergy that is assuming the proportions of a guerrilla war.
Though the company is dominant in athletic uniforms, Russell is not a household name.
Wash sale questions come up less frequently in corporate bond transactions.
Punitive damages, unlike actual damages, are by their nature somewhat arbitrary.
The city failed yesterday in an effort to obtain possession of one of the firehouses when Judge L. Anthony Gibson of Superior Court put off a ruling.
4, rising to 3.172 billion cubic feet daily in 1979, from 2.795 billion a year earlier, and the Gulf Oil Corporation, No.
Sunday, 11 A.M. to 5 P.M.; 32 dealers indoors.
NIGHT LIFE - W.C. Fields would not recognize his old hometown.
American Cyanamid The American Cyanamid Company, a major producer of chemicals and pharmaceutical products based in Wayne, N.J., reported that net income in the second quarter advanced 29.4 percent, to $42.2 million, or 88 cents a share, from $32.6 million, or 68 a share, in the corresponding quarter a year earlier.
The manufacturer does not own the showroom, repair shop or lots where cars are stored - the dealer arranges all that on his own.
The information, provided by the press office, was also carried on the Associated Press and United Press International wires, but only for the information of editors planning coverage.
Decorate with roulades around the outside and brush with glaze.
The upholding of an antibusing law approved by Washington State voters in 1978 is sought by the Justice Department, which will ask the Supreme Court to reverse lower courts that held that the law was unconstitutional.
Puree the remaining solids in a food processor.
The book, ''Abe Kosoff Remembers,'' is a compilation of more than 200 columns written by Mr. Kosoff and published originally in Coin World, the weekly hobby newspaper.
''And some people came,'' he said, surprised at his initial success.
And there are some responsibilities, such as welfare, that the governors think should be a Federal burden.
The contracting agencies, which are run mostly by the city's major religious philanthropies, have never been held to a serious performance standard.
Six of the top eight electronics and appliances companies in the world were American in 1959, but only three were in 1979.
Plans are going forward for what Westchester officials are calling the County's first Energy Fair, to be held in the County Center in White Plains on Feb. 28 and March 1.
Crimmins Sentenced In the emotional culmination of a dramatic trial Craig Crimmins, the 22-year-old stagehand convicted of murdering violinist Helen Hagnes at the Metropolitan Opera, was sentenced last week to 20 years to life in prison.
The Government said the 18 army officers who have been dismissed since Mr. Sadat's death had been relegated to civilian status because of their ''fanatic religious stand.''
You'll see the major expansion coming a few years out here, which specifically will provide opportunities for the defense industrial base to expand to meet the increased demand.
It was signed on the back, ''M.
Today the company is emphasizing clothing in a variety of activesports wear lines.
''Most of us on both sides of the river are pretty dead-set against the diversion,'' said Lewis Okenica, editor of The Lambertville Beacon.
Meanwhile, mountains of spare parts, chemicals, paint and semifinished products, which were once stored in these halls, have been piled on the ground outside, rusting awa y in the drizzle.
Jacques and many of the children left home with the blessings of their parents.
Conrail, whose labor contracts and routes were imposed by the legislature when it was formed by Congress from the ashes of six bankrupt railroads, says it loses money in the area to be shed.
Now, with it all but certain that Mr.
There is, to begin with, an immense amount of it, And then no one ever needs to be told twice whose paintings they are.
Key Is Individual Freedom The international political and economic institutions created after 1945 rested upon a belief that the key to national development and human progress is individual freedom, both political and economic.
Seeking to 'Stop the Bleeding' In his first news conference since his promotion to president last week, Mr. Waltrip stressed the importance of cutting labor costs.
''We feel there is unfair competition in the secret reserve,'' said Stephen Hahn, president of the Art Dealers Association of America, Inc. ''The secret reserve makes a mockery of a public sale.
Before she vanished, she gave her lover pieces of ginger that later turned into nuggets of gold.
Brief Morning Rise The market spurted briefly yesterday morning then plunged sharply before rising again late in the day.
A heart shift would still have been effective, but West returned the spade ten to South's king.
What Strawberry, Darth Vader and Barbie have in common, apart from millions of advertising dollars, is that they offer the consumer literally dozens of opportunities to buy.
''This is Dodge City South,'' said Jim Dingfelder, public affairs officer for the United States Customs Service.
A House subcommittee reached tentative agreement today on a package of major changes in the Social Security System, including postponement of the age for full retirement from 65 years to 68.
My first nomination goes to homemakers who have small children.
An anthropologist who heads the Human Lactation Center Ltd., in Westport, Conn., Mrs. Raphael changed her mind after a study team she led spent two years observing how women in 11 different cultures around the world feed their babies.
The increase, which the department described as ''modest'' in contrast to increases ranging from 14 percent to 40 percent that the insurance companies had been seeking, will bring the average cost of the minimum required coverage in New Jersey to about $250, Mr. Bliss said.
''I want to change that,'' Mr. Emery said.
This works with companies, and in some instances provides on-site medical personnel for emergency service, as well as consultative programs aimed at reducing the risk of industrial accidents.
The Soviet commander in chief of Warsaw Pact forces was reported today to have met here with Gen. Wojciech Jaruzelski, the Polish Prime Minister, apparently in an effort to stiffen the Polish Government's resolve to deal with spreading protests over food shortages.
''I would never have been able to do that before.''
Although Washington's black population includes one of the largest black middle-class populations in America, the city is dominated numerically by a relatively poor black population coexisting next door to a wealthy and mostly white population.
Carlos Alberto said he had nothing against the Cosmos.
''They were yelling and screaming and came down the stairs and pushed me out of the house,'' she said.
The big question, of course, is where to invest your I.R.A.
Madison Square Garden was rocking.
Both tubes were inserted through the skin.
Once someone has learned that vomiting reduces anxiety, rational fears no longer inhibit overeating.''
They are alive and well and vigorous as ever in the production that has moved into Town Hall for three weeks.
Last month it was the freezer that acted erratic, hissing and shaking violently, and now it is the water heater that turns cold halfway through a shower.
On his 83d birthday, Mr. Sulzberger married Katharine Anderson, who survives him.
However, they have not built fortifications or threatened to resist evacuation by force.
Doing something about that particular knowledge vacuum is one of his priorities.
So I began to bargain.
''There is an underlying stability,'' Mr. Bertram said, ''We do not see any major breakthroughs.''
Judge James Wright granted Robert Oswald, the assassin's brother, a restraining order preventing exhumation until a hearing can be held.
My team took the ball out, and a teammate took the first shot.
The Hyatt offers 660 rooms ranging in price from $67 to $98 for two people.
They're probably next to Houston's in the lea gue.
They were Ivan Cale, head of a New York chapter, who received 35 years in prison; Franjo Ivic, who received a 30-year term, and Nedjelko Sovulj and Stipe Ivkosic, who were given 20 years each.
Last Saturday the somnolence lifted, tentatively, for a bit of national politics.
''I would like to think so,'' he said.
were off only one-tenth of 1 percent.
He also called on them and the Wall Street financial community not to lose faith in his economic recovery program.
Dynamic range was virtually nonexistent, as soft became loud, loud became louder, and loudest approached - and frequently barged into - distortion.
Perhaps the tooth fairy will co-sign the note.
A few days later Judy called and said she had arranged everything.
Home Section Home Five ingenious solutions for cop- ing with tiny spaces C1 Family Finance: Homeowners' tax questions C1 Fendi and Missoni shine in Milan C1 Hers C2 Helpful Hardware C2 Home Beat C3 Children's exhibits stress partici- pation C3 Home Improvement C4 Problems of aging: A course for offspring C5 Design Bookshelf C6 Calendar of Events C7 Gardening C9 Washington Talk Briefing A22 Required reading A22 Working Profile of Transporta- tion Secretary Drew Lewis A22 Liberal fund-raiser finds the money is pouring in A22 General Around the Nation A18 Frequent television viewers said to be complacent about health A18 Vacant Brooklyn shops getting a new lease on life B3 New York's women bus drivers win merit promotion right B3 Abbott indicted for murder in knifing of waiter B5 Health/Science Lung disability payments cut for regular smoker A18 Arts/Entertainment Malle's ''My Dinner With Andre'' at the film festival C13 Memoir recalls New York art scene in the 40's C13 Film ''Vernon, Florida,'' looks fondly at its eccentrics C14 Books about Elizabeth Taylor, Fisher and Burton reviewed C17 Grant to aid orchestras in com- missioning new works C23 Heinrich von Kleist's ''The Broken Pitcher'' is staged C27 CBS to drop gavel-to-gavel cover- age of political conventions C28 Sports Yankees beat Brewers, 5-3, in playoff opener B11 Expos beat Phillies, 3-1, in first playoff game in Canada B11 Astros beat Dodgers, 1-0, in 11th, lead series by 2-0 B11 A's defeat Royals, 2-1, lead by 2-0 B11 Islanders start season with 4-1 victory in Los Angeles B11 Dave Anderson on another test for Dave Winfield B14 News Analysis Thomas L. Friedman on role of Islamic fundamentalists A12 Editorials/Letters/Op-Ed Editorials A26 Without Sadat The view from Yovimpa Point Where to put building subsidies Letters A26 Anthony Lewis: a star falls in Egypt A27 William Safire: the perception pitch A27 Herbert Scoville Jr.: first-strike danger A27 Jeremiah Novak: China, Tai- wan's suitor A27
Walker added that he planned to talk with Roland Hemond of the Chicago White Sox tomorrow, and meet in California next Monday with Ted Turner of Atlanta and Buzzie Bavasi of the California Angels.
But he said it would be a ''clear conflict'' to prosecute the police in some cases and the suspects they arrested in others.
Like Allenson, Houk was a catcher playing behind an established star, Yogi Berra.
Exact Figure Not Determined Pentagon officials said the funds that the Administration planned to request might be more or less than the $2.5 billion figure, depending upon what decisions were made in other programs with which ''trade-offs'' might have to be made.
A peg inserted in the front would stop the day works and trip the night works to start.''
Also, small feathers can work their way right through the fabric.''
Reaching reservation centers by telephone may be difficult because of the high number of calls expected.
It seemed a reasonable trade-off: The knife-in-the-gut night phone calls in exchange for a good night's sleep.
Finally, Mr. Rockefeller agreed to let Nelson itemize all the pieces that he would need and said he would give him an equivalent sum.
Previously, a faculty member could borrow a maximum of $50,000.
G. Daniel Walker was born in Toledo, Ohio, on Aug. 10, 1931, to a stable, middl e-class couple.
Moreover, while operating subsidies have undoubtedly kept some hard-pressed transit operations from going under, they have usually not been enough to insure genuine improvement.
To arrange transportation, check the Yellow Pages under ''buses - charter and rental.''
''There's no secret that the thrift industry in this state has come upon very hard times, and we need these tools to deal with immediate problems,'' she added.
Metropolitan A fire safety deadline was missed by many of New York City's tall buildings.
Group W is not represented on the CBS affiliate board, but its top executives said this week that its opposition to a one-hour program had not changed.
Her body was recovered by a police diving team.
I'm here tonight to reaffirm that pledge and to ask that we share in restoring the promise that is offered to every citizen by this, the last, best hope of man on earth.
Christian and Jewish residents of this quiet, wooded section of Bergen County were shocked.
There are, of course, lessons to be learned from careful investigation of the tragedies of our history, of Vietnam, Watergate, of Iran, but there are also some dangers.
B-Including pretax deductions of $4,592,000 for the latest 6 mo and $749,000 for the previous 6 mos; yr ago qr and 6 mos net in include a gain on the sale of an interest in a company operatio to 40 cents a shr
The Escort led the success, selling more than 100,000 units.
Conrail and the Long Island Rail Road added extra cars to scores of trains into and out of the city during the day and through the evening, and occasionally heavy crowds streamed through Pennsylvania Station and Grand Central Terminal.
Too Little, Too Late The Seminoles scored with 3:47 to go in the half, with Michael Whiting scoring from the Pitt 1.
Aides to Speaker Thomas P. O'Neill Jr., Democrat of Massachusetts, picked out her district in an effort to find Republican votes to support a Democratic tax package.
The Super 80 is already in service.
''I've seen him take on a triple-team and just bust it wide open.
Let every nation know, whether it wishes us well or ill, that we shall pay any price, bear any burden, meet any hardship, support any friend, oppose any foe to assure the survival and the success of liberty.
--------------------------------------------------------------------- Stan Fischler, columnist for The Hockey News, played roller and ice hockey for five non-championship teams.
''It is a very long dive,'' said Elga Andersen, an actress from West Germany who is Mr. Gimbel's wife and co-producer of the film being made of their quest.
At the same time, however, the White House has quietly instructed the Department of Energy to explore and evaluate proposals for a cost-effective strategy aimed at increasing the Strategic Petroleum Reserve.
The emphasis on quality has increased the importance of manufacturing experts within the auto companies, said Stephan Sharf, a former tool and die maker who is executive vice president for manufacturing at Chrysler.
The two young ones are Viktor X - brilliant, handsome, arrogant - and his lover, Gabrielle - brilliant, beautiful, arrogant, and daughter of a millionaire steel man.
One thing we have protected against is using the electronic means of communications to advocate one single point of view.
Fifteen years ago Mr. Lackey bought Horace from a mountaineer for $15, and while he has been offered hundreds for the mule, he said, ''I won't part with him any sooner than I'd part with the Democratic Party.''
He pointed out that the Reagan Administration had said from the beginning that little money would be available to build new parks.
The death of Aaron Wyche, who fell or was dropped from a 25-foothigh bridge in DeKalb County on June 24, 1980, was originally classified as accidental.
The program at the Juilliard Theater, an exact repeat of the quartet's first concert, opened with Bartok's String Quartet No.
THERE is only one wonder in Elizabeth Swados's musical adaptation of Lewis Carroll, ''Alice in Concert,'' and it goes by the name of Meryl Streep.
The orchestra, the only group of its kind in the United States to be chosen to entertain the delegates at this nationwide meeting of the elderly held every 10 years, will offer its usual potpourri: everything from the ''Light Cavalry Overture'' to ''Let Me Call You Sweetheart,'' a sing-along feature.
On the agenda this week is a highly selective look at the Post-Minimalist phenomenon itself.
Once on the job, students want to use what they are taught.
He said that the Soviet Union had been given ''some options, in terms of dates'' for a meeting but no single specific date on when the conference might begin.
A decline in inventories, on the other hand, can point to increased hiring.
A Western diplomat in Maputo, the Mozambican capital, said the bodies of five insurgents had been mutilated, with an ear cut off each one.
Tall and broad-shouldered, carelessly dressed in jeans and a work shirt with the top two buttons open.
Banks here have been known to keep two sets of stationery, one with its address listed as ''Derry,'' preferable to Catholic residents, and the other with it listed as ''Londonderry,'' for its Protestant customers.
Tahiti was a long way off by that system, she said, and I was playing ''the next-year game,'' telling myself that next year I would do the things I really wanted.
Next the integrated gardener selects seeds and plants with care, looking for newer hybrids over older cultivars, since hybrids outperform in yield and other characteristics.
IN his farewell address, President Carter did not mention the economy - a matter not dear to his heart since it probably had more to do with his defeat than any other issue.
That does not seem reasonable to me.
This is one aspect of ''the shock of recognition.''
But most of the nation's big banks had kept the rate they charge their most creditworthy corporate customers at the higher level.
Last year, Connors beat McEnroe, 7-5, 6-3, in this event.
I've seen one judge award a dancer a perfect score, while another judge gave the same dancer almost nothing.''
Can you please explain to me what they are?
By now it is a good guess also that the White House is wondering about the political wisdom of General Haig's El Salvador caper.
He wants the world to be blissfully happy at 7:13 A.M.
In this picture the piers for the Brooklyn Bridge are still under construction - only the one of the Brooklyn side has been completed - and a new building for The New York Tribune is also under construction.
Gutting the Clean Air Act will not noticeably help their plight.
''Terry Jackson was calling me,'' he said, referring to the Giants' cornerback.
He dropped his fork three times.''
The Soviet Government recently acknowleged disappointing crop results.
Andras R. Petery, railroad analyst with Morgan Stanley & Company speculated that the moves signaled N.& W.'s intent to become a ''total trans portation service company,'' particularly in light of the deregulat ion of both the airline and railroad industries.
A favorite game was torturing monkeys - hacking off their tails or placing chains around their necks and pulling them across the open ground.
According to the Leonard camp, he may defend the unified welterweight title against Pipino Cuevas of Mexico, whom Hearns knocked out in the second round last year for the W.B.A.
''This chain is insufficient, even for a small country,'' he said.
In a brilliant opening sequence, filmed in color (the rest of the film, except for its very last moments, is in black and white), Mr. Bergman progresses from a brief, almost fond-looking exchange between Peter and the prostitute to the murder, suggesting that it may be the woman's apparent friendliness that has sealed her fate.
If no remedy is attempted, the networks leave themselves open to criticism like that expressed by Marvin Kitman in The New Leader: ''During the '72 Olympics, ABC held back the news that Mark Spitz had already won the 7th gold medal until two minutes before 11 P.M. With elections, they don't play along.''
The Nigerians are particularly concerned about South-West Africa, Angola and the rest of southern Africa.
But Purdue did not score again from the field until Russell Criss, who finished with 30 points, scored with 3:34 left.
The Western Division is comprised of Denver, Kansas City, Memphis, Phoenix, St. Louis and Wichita.
The new definition also includes operations with ''military, paramilitary or insurrectionary goals'' if ''they involve terrorist acts,'' the Senator said.
bid despite the shocking loss to Providence.
Among the 65 correspondents at ABC, four are black, according to a spokesman.
The number of newspapers that published some portion of the Pentagon Papers led Judge Roger Robb of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia, while hearing a related case, to inquire of counsel for the Government whether it was "asking us to ride herd on a swarm of bees."
Dull activity was noted in a number of markets because of hesitance on the part of commercial interests to hold inventories of commodities while interest rates are high and the future cost of money remains uncertain, analysts said.
In recent weeks some aides to President Rene publicly drew attention to a loan worth $3 million that the Mauritius Government obtained from South Africa to bolster the failing tea industry here.
John Taylor, Eugene Krumenacker, David McGinley, John Faucher, Declan Weir, Ryan Helm, Lou Milione, John McBrearty, Frank Chambers, John Newmuis, Paul Lyons, Tom Hutchinson
Last year, it handled 6.3 million arrivals, or 31 percent of all international passengers arriving in the United States by air.
The going got too tough, so Atlanta's ''adult entertainment'' businesses got going last weekend, leaving only three adult theaters and one peepshow where four years ago 44 such businesses had flourished.
Otto Eckstein of Data Resources Inc. summed up.
Seven social workers operate out of the Westchester office and dealing with such problems as conflicts with parents, separation and divorce, single-parent families, sexual issues and pregnancy, experimenting with drugs and alcohol, making and keeping friends, failing grades, dropping out of school, unemployment and leaving home.
I can do anything I want, without having to worry about production problems.
The grand jury reported it had found that the sergeant, Thomas Cramer of Lindenhurst, had shot the man, Kevin Sonds, in self defense.
Claire Eveleen Sandifer, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. John S. Sandifer Jr. of Greenwich, Conn., and Juillac, France, was married in Juillac yesterday to J. Tyler Tuttle Jr., son of Mr. and Mrs. John T. Tuttle of North Chatham, Mass., and West Palm Beach, Fla. Mayor Jacques Mara,can of Juillac performed the ceremony at the Town Hall.
So why should I change my place and choose another place where I would have to start from the beginning and learn for another 25 ye ars?''
According to Mr. Gonzalez and Mr. Cid de la Paz: ''You are only in the camp for a period, the length of which is difficult to predict; afterward comes the 'transfer'....The key to the future was in this word, repeated a thousand times by us and our kidnappers.''
A light layer of leafy mulch around shrubbery preserves soil moisture and keeps roots cool; do not remove.
For Perlsweig, the trainer of Lord Avie, the Travers is his Kentucky Derby.
Dionne Warwick recorded the song.
Delights of the Time Warp It is 2 A.M., but you can forget about the hot chocolate and bedtime for me, folks, because Kirk Douglas and the aircraft carrier Nimitz have just slipped through a time warp, and when people slip through time warps it takes wild horses to drag me away from the television set.
The House leadership remains intact, with Ernest N. Abate of Stamford re-elected as Speaker, and John G. Groppo of Winsted as majority leader.
The ''Big Grab'' was on, the teen-aged Cecil John Rhodes was among the first grabbers.
''Right from the start,'' he said, ''I had been informed that 'introduction' meant putting nuclear weapons ashore or storing them.
Off Night for Erving The 76ers, meanwhile, won with an all-round team effort.
''No, not really,'' sighed one White House aide when asked if the Administration expected any lasting rapprochment between the two men.
'Explosion' in Indictments Cited Mr. Cirigliano said that criminal-justice agencies had been underfinanced while there had been an ''explosion'' in indictments, which rose by 20 percent from 1979 to 1980 and again by 24 percent this year.
Oregon fell to 0-4 in the conference and 1-6 over all.
''I have always prayed for other people and neglected to pray for myself in many ways.
A congressional committee here has charged that some of the weapons that entered this country from Cuba in 1979 to help overthrow the Somoza regime in Nicaragua were subsequently sold illegally by Costa Rican officials for smuggling to leftist guerrillas in El Salvador.
Sol Chaiken, president of the International Ladies' Garment Workers' Union, and Jerome Rosow, president of Work In America Inc., charge that this phenomenon is brought about by the structure of both industry and the unions themselves.
Each was minutely dissected, first the head to determine if any dye, perhaps no more than a few crystals, had adhered to the ptilinum, then the reproductive organs to determine if they were healthy or shriveled by radiation.
The 1983 appropriation must be cut by $11.1 billion to save $5 billion in outlays that year and the 1984 bill by $9.6 billion to save $6 billion in outlays.
The seven Justices on the State Supreme Court - four Democrats and three Republicans - have yet to rule on the Democrats' challenge of Mr. Shapiro's election to the presidency.
Mayor Koch has turned it into a triumphant religious rite in which millions chorus: ''Amen!''
The clause forbids the state to collect taxes for toxic waste clean-up from companies that are also taxed under the Superfund.
Of course, many of the adults in the story seem to have no firmer grasp of political reality than Salih.
Some Requirements Stiffened In addition, several schools have been reassembling a core of courses geared to train students in clear reasoning and critical thinking.
Here we originated the theme and figured out how each of us could do something related to it, but within our own discipline.
In adjustable-rate loans, lenders can alter the interest rates periodically to account for changes in the money market, usually by no more than 3 percent every three to five years.
Because of these changes, groups that in past years lobbied in Washington for Federal funds are starting to forge new statewide coalitions to go to Albany and seek a little something for everyone.
Roast for 15-20 minutes, or enough to brown the skin.
Until the 1974 failure of the Herstatt Bank in Germany, no one worried that such a problem might occur.
In May 1967, she testified, ''he gave me an engagement ring, a large ring - it was lovely - and he asked me to marry him.''
He added that this feeling has deepened and hardened since the mid-1960's, when Spain began tightening restrictions.
Sibson floored Minter, the former champion who is also a Briton, with a left hook midway through the round, then finished him with a right to the head.
For in rushing to take advantage of his election mandate, the President has simply raised the limits that Mr. Carter imposed on the standing new-weapons shopping lists of the Army and Air Force and added a massive Navy buildup.
The Kennecott Corporation said it had transferred a one-third interest in its Chino copper mining and processing facilities near Silver City, N.M., to the Mitsubishi Corporation for an initial cost of $116 million.
Borden Borden Inc., a diversified chemicals and consumer products company, said that net income in the third quarter increased 3.7 percent, to $45.2 million, or $1.54 a share, from $43.6 million, or $1.40 a share, a year earlier.
Carey and Leaders Meet The news conference followed a morning meeting of the Governor and the legislative leaders at which Mr. Carey put forth a list of 22 items he wanted the Legislature to act on by the end of the current session.
Yes, coaches can be seen as authority figures being undermined by spoiled players, who are younger and less experienced but now the possessors of outrageous leverage reflected in their incredible salaries.
From 1970 to 1979, for example, the divorce rate in the Los Angeles-Long Beach area actually declined, from 5.8 divorces per 1,000 people to 5.4.
They are flourishing and steadily growing, offering encouragement to those who perceive small planned cities as an answer to the chaotic unsightliness, inefficiency, environmental destructiveness and narrow social conformity for which suburbia is perennially criticized.
JOHN ESPOSITO, New York City
Because they've been the bastion, and a rather lonely bastion historically, toward Soviet inroads in the Mi ddle East.
People will think you're stupid.'
''Somehow it didn't feel right in my mind,'' he says now.
''Nicer and more complicated looking than paper that's one color,'' he noted.
However, one of these sources said that he believed the new draft would permit the extension of covert actions to be undertaken by the agency within the United States in some circumstances.
''I was discussing that (memo) the other day as the President was taking his first shower in the White House,'' he said.
And 77 percent said they considered it as dangerous or more dangerous than tobacco cigarettes.
''We need to have some of that support,'' said Senator Bob Dole, the Kansas Republican who heads the Senate Finance Committee.
There are the original renderings for the National Gallery of Art in Washington by Pope, drawings that have not been exhibited since the gallery's completion 40 years ago.
Moving Spirit From Brooklyn Viking helped finance the project; with 769 paintings in fullcolor reproductions, the 784-page book costs $75.
Some others look alike, and that is a victory of the regulations - no gap, no space for fantasy.
This perspective was held by liberals and conservatives alike.
Others complain that the agreement, reached by American and Japanese trade officials after three years of negotiations, is too complex and contains too many obstacles.
I propose that the degree to which a politician develops into a statesman depends on his understanding and use of this criterion.
Roll-Call Vote Shunned So unpopular is foreign aid with voters, at a time when even domestic food stamp and welfare programs are being slashed, that the Democrats in Congress are loath to support foreign aid on a roll-call vote, lest they be attacked by their Republican rivals as ''big foreign aid spenders.''
Both accept MasterCard and American Express, Visa and checks, including out-of-state, with identification.
No more waking to the overseer's horn.
To paraphrase German Chancellor Helmut Schmidt, it is necessary to make the individual feel a responsibility toward the state.
A Question of Subsidizing It has been suggested in regulatory circles that the ordinary longdistance rates that apply to households may actually be subsidizing the private-line and other services that businesses get at a discount.
But in another sense, this was an evening for trumpet playing.
's, so his happiness in running a good race was tempered by the failure to meet his immediate goal.
Some reports suggested that the fire might have broken out in one of the 166 automobiles that were being transported aboard the ship.
Depending on the complexity of the picture, the information can take several minutes to assemble on a screen.
This has led to speculation that Mr. Dole and Mr. Rostenkowski, each in his first year as chairman and eager to show that tax bills are written in Congress, not the White House, might forge an entente of their own in favor of a two-year bill.
Profits from the Alvarado Art Workshop - known as School Works Unlimited - are returned to the schools involved, the student artists and the workshop.
Not many games are won that way.
The U.S. dollar amounts shown were translated from the yen at the rate of 233 yens equals one U.S. dollar; B-Net is after pretax foreign exchange loss of $34,695,000 compared with a gain of $21,094,000 in the yr-ago qr... C-Nine mos net is after pretax foreign exchange gains of $1,090,000 in the latest yr and $5,069,000 for the yr-ago 9 mos
What gives that dialogue power is the continuation of the humane quality of the Sullivan building into the Mitchell/ Giurgola additions, for all their stylistic differences.
Freedom National's approach has been to rely heavily on the aid of outside financial institutions that helped recapitalize the floundering bank in 1975 when a $4 million preferred stock issue was placed with 11 major banks in the New York Clearing House Association.
It feels like a room full of friends.
In later trading at the Republic National Bank, gold was quoted at $450 an ounce, up $7 from Thursday.
The announcement of the world record came after a brief delay because of technical problems with the electric timing device.
The organization was named for Joseph Bonanno, its reputed founder.
* AVX Corporation, Great Neck, L.I., has appointed Donald K. Phostenson executive vice president.
Which removes this painting from anything that's customarily associated with the Realist esthetic.
''There's going to have to be a lot more give on all sides,'' Mr. Gibbons said.
''In this country, there are laws which say you cannot take the property of other people.''
That may be a defensible goal in the case of childless recipients, but not when it comes to aid for children.
Under the new arrangement, visitors holding the ''Open to View'' ticket will be able to enter any of these museums at the children's price.
- a document read into the record of the board's hearings - that stated that a jockey agent, John Dale, had reported to several N.Y.R.A officials a bribe offer that he said had been made to the jockey Robert Pineda.
Then they hired new policemen and firemen only to lay them off because of their cash problems.
Among the stickiest of issues this year is a company proposal to pay time and a half for Saturday work and double time for Sundays, just to keep expensive mine equipment going seven days a week.
Mrs. Gandhi said the F-16's represented the ''introduction into this region of a class of aircraft a generation ahead of anything operating with other air forces of the area.''
Brush with the pan drippings and sprinkle with bread crumbs.
And if they are nobodies, they can enjoy instant status on the cocktail party circuit by casually mentioning their recent theater outing.
That was the first heavyweight championship match in Pittsburgh and the last until tonight, when Larry Holmes defends his World Boxing Council title against undefeated Renaldo Snipes, who has fought and won 22 bouts against people with household names like Tyrone Harlee and Mike Tarasewich.
(''You can't always be sure about what era you're dealing with if you start in the middle of a manuscript,'' one veteran reader of unsolicited fiction says.
Sept. 24 - ''Collecting Crafts,'' Rose Slivka, former editor, Crafts Horizons magazine.
John Henry Johnson relieved Comer and Quirk, pinch hitting for Jerry Grote, struck out.
''He's carrying a portable radio, and he walks with a limp.
It is no accident that Schering, Sandoz and Ciba-Geigy all produce chemicals or closely related products.
As Mr. Wadsworth certainly realizes, a maturing institution such as the Chamber Music Society may easily wake up and find itself playing to the same few hundred people year in and year out, and eventually being led into bondage by the tastes of a constricted audience that knows all too well what it likes.
Cost: $45 to $260 for one to six sessions.
A major new appointment was the elevation of former Gen. Ariel Sharon, a hawk, in what is expected to be a conservative administration.
One of his party members, Claude Forget, declared today on behalf of the Liberal opposition that ''we are defending the right of the people of Quebec to be democratically mistaken in the choice of their government and in the adoption of laws that we reprove in whole or in part.''
''One is judged by one's earnings these days.
Considering the importance of such feeding, however, it seems time to ask why it so often fails and how it can be improved.
Democrats See Overoptimism The committee's Democratic minority, meanwhile, estimated that the $45 billion deficit projected by the President for 1982 would grow to between $60 billion and $70 billion, which would be even larger than President Carter's $54 billion deficit.
The old building had its troubles, Mr. Del Rossi acknowledges.
Arbitration Awards Agreed Upon Andreas Lowenfeld, a specialist in sovereign immunity and economic sanctions at the New York University Law School, agreed that a court test of President Carter's move was likely.
The average Medicaid beneficiary obtains medical care costing more than $1,000 a year, according to statistics kept by the Federal Government.
With 1:44 to go, and the Bruins ahead by 2 points, Young inserted Griffin, who recently underwent arthroscopic surgery for the removal of cartilage from his right knee.
Then, feeling ''contento,'' she said, she went home.
For all the urbane understatement of his tone, this is hardly a detached exercise in cultural criticism.
Even the garden-club tours were well under way before I got there, and it was becoming a little chic not to go to China, like not wearing designer labels.
But Ibn Khaldun's reasoning in the 14th century bore no kinship to supply-side economics.
As the women regroup into other formations, Mr. Stornant has not only to plow through this miasma, but to face the immutability of their force.
Rickey Henderson followed with another single, but the pinch-runner Jimmy Sexton was stranded at sec ond, the only A's baserunner to get that far against Leonard (9 -10).
She steadfastly refused requests to be interviewed for a story on her stage debut, saying she would instead only speak about her role for stories about the play.
''All the language is like...'' says Mr. Ozawa, pounding his right fist into his left palm in the way the accents fall.
Abie looked up at us and, in a voice mixed with sadness and pride, whispered: ''You know what his English teacher said?
Another of Mr. Hwang's plays, ''Family Devotions,'' is to open at the Public in the fall.
''I just feel angry when I think about the people who want to prohibit abortion.
Some unusually large brook trout and salmon are caught and released in that spot.
It incorporated an earlier, 1978 resolution that admonished Israel.
(Jill Grossvogel in the catalogue to this show speaks of his ''willed marginality,'' and it would be hard to dissent from the phrase.)
One end is connected to the switch knob and the other end, hanging down two inches below the lampshade, provides a turning handle.
If in the end Soviet leaders see a threat to the survival of their system, they will not be deterred by the prospect of suffering or of the world's contempt.
James R. Cheek, until recently a Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for Inter-American Affairs, said the intelligence reports had indicated that any such deliveries to the left-wing Nicaraguan junta would be made at Atlantic Coast ports.
By late 1979, army reinforcements were also reported on the Habomai Island.
Hounded by Injuries Andy Rincon, the rookie pitching star, broke his right forearm fending off a line drive.
''No one else in the world has done that.
Whether Mr. Brady's mental capacities would suffer permanent change could only be a matter of speculation at this point.
He was the American League's earned-run-average champion last season with a 2.47 mark, and this season, at age 36, he has permitted just two runs in 15 innings for a 1.20 earned run average.
''The area is in the midst of tremendous revitalization and this will be a fine complement to that.
Foreign diplomats here, along with informed Sudanese, said in interviews that President Nimeiry was cooperating with the Egyptians in assisting Mr. Habre because of his desire to provide as many irritants as possible to the Libyan leader, Col. Muammar el-Qaddafi.
Mr. Mossinghoff received a degree in electrical engineering from St. Louis University in 1957 and four years later earned a law degree from George Washington University.
''No more than three rounds.''
He took advantage of the visit to make the acquaintance of Paul Klee and to rediscover the work of Lyonel Feininger, an American painter as yet unrecognized in the country of his birth.
Actually, I hadn't thought along these lines either until a few months ago, when I read the tale again for my daughters, aged 3 and 6.
''If somebody comes after a big company on an unfriendly basis the management wants to prove that it can't be taken over.''
This is the first time anyone has seen the flawless 33.19 carat, square-cut gem.
The official said lifting the embargo would make good a campaign promise to American farmers, and would reflect the easing of Soviet pressure on Poland.
Most of the newer model automatic metering cameras have a dial on the top of the camera for adding to or subtracting from normal exposure.
Two people, neither from New Jersey, are said to be under consideration, but a replacement probably will not be named until after the first of the year.
When the train roared past, it whacked many billions that should be challenged, even on the Administration's own terms.
Most of the original occupiers were what he describes as youths ''without prospects or professional training, into drugs in some cases, out of society in almost every case.''
The current crop of cameras contain an impressive array of motor drive capabilities and accessories.
Vice President Bush, cutting short a trip to Texas, returned to the White House this evening to take charge of the crisis in the Government and to assume the responsibilities of the Presidency if President Reagan's injuries prevented him from serving in the office.
Bond prices declined sharply early yesterday but then recovered to close with slight gains on the day.
''Even one's own family can't appreciate the stresses, so we need to find those who can help us apply faith to the work place.
Grant's tragedy was that he was unable to return the favor.
Born in Israel, Mr. Schwarz attended Temple University in Philadelphia and served as a United States Army officer in Korea.
Mr. Balanchine has previously choreographed ballets to this score for Les Ballets 1933, the American Ballet (1934) and the Ballet Russes de Monte Carlo (1945).
Add salt, pepper and wine.
Of a total of eight days served, six were spent shuffling back and forth between the jury mustering room and courtrooms where interminable questioning by the prosecutor and defendant's lawyer concerned mostly irrelevant matters.
Olga, however, catches the eye not only of Sergei but also of his old school friend, the drunken, pleasure-loving Count Aleksei Karneyva and Urbenin, the count's bailiff.
The agents have gone to the State Legislature requesting the designation, but Mr. Ameruso opposed the bill drawn up to accomplish it.
The state courts, which had been superseded by the Federal courts and the Justice Department, again reasserted at least limited jurisdiction yesterday.
They have suffered three straight losses.
They are expected to renew their arguments before the Board of Estimate, which must approve the commission's decision within 90 days.
I thought to myself, 'Here I am with the wife of the President and the socalled richest girl in the world and I have only pennies.'
Last Monday, when the Senate Democrats took up the cuts proposed by their counterparts in the House, the picture changed again.
William D. North, senior vice president and general counsel to the National Association of Realtors, said the association encouraged its members to make it clear that rates are negotiable.
Cities Service The Cities Service Company said that earnings fell 16.2 percent, to $77.6 million, or 94 cents a share, from $92.6 million, or $1.11, in the third quarter of 1980.
The most illuminating section of the Singers' lessons, Miss Morgan asserted, examined television's tendency to stereotype individuals or groups and the implicit potential for prejudice.
Philip Joanou, 48, managing director of the Los Angeles office of Dailey & Associates, the largest agency with headquarters on the Coast, has been named president and chief operating officer of the agency, as Peter H. Dailey, 51, the chief executive, moves up to chairman.
She attracts celebrity-studded audiences and has tapped the world of corporate money.
There are two ways of looking at the Soviet Union from the West.
Most of the aluminum companies have begun to reduce production and have resorted to some price-cutting because of the decline in demand.
Said Patton, who is black: ''Can you imagine what the black guys thought when they saw a bullwhip?
Unhappiness With Tactics ''I was very disappointed in the way Calgary played,'' said Denis Potvin, the Islander captain and defenseman.
The seizure was part of an agrarian program strongly supported by the Carter Administration.
Mr. Laetsch said the university's programs for teaching English as a second language are overwhelmed by the growing Asian group.
Another piece typical of Durand production is a 10-inch-high, plain-shaped vase with an iridescent finish called ''ambergris.''
In the next months, Mr. Schmidt will be trying hard to show that the country can influence its own future and is capable of lowering tensions in the world.
In fact, under the proposed block grant approach, state agencies would not have to spend the money on poor children.
John had a nice touch on the ball.
At 6 feet 3 inches and 250 pounds, Ard is built for the job, though there is still baby fat behind his tight beard.
Trevor, who heads Trevor, Stewart, Burton & Jacobsen, a money management firm in Manhattan with $100 million under management, favors long bonds for their high current yields and appreciation potential.
Foreign exchange dealers in Frankfurt said the dollar drifted trendlessly most of the day but strengthened slightly toward the end of the session on news of a small increase in interest rates for dollar deposits held in Europe and in some short-term United States interest rates.
Nor can society afford the additional costs eventually reflected in the unemployment, health, welfare and criminal justice budgets.
For more information, call 834-9233.
Mr. Davies's program notes made much of the tonal devices that were used in constructing his work, which lasted a little more than 50 minutes.
Hotel Is Open Again The Hyatt cleared away the rubble and reopened Oct. 1.
The Bible records that Jesus was on the Cross three hours before his death.
''It is likely,'' she added, that the risk ''will be much higher in 1985 and 1986 if defense spending and the economy expand briskly over the next four to five years.''
There are 68 works of art on view; bronze masks, ivory carvings, jewelry, decorative objects and plaques commemorating events and rituals in the life of the divine Benin king, the oba, whose line of descent has continued for 550 years.
The flight was headed for the southwestern port city of Kaohiung, about 115 miles from the capital.
To the Editor: By gaining Senate approval for the Awacs sale, President Reagan scored another major political victory.
The 54-year-old Archbishop is the son of a Polish couple who emigrated to France between the two world wars.
supervisors with trying to stifle their investigations.
Mr. Bani-Sadr said in a message to the Ayatollah, reported by the official Pars press agency, that he would nominate his representative to the proposed committee in a day or two.
I wanted to prevent someone from making a horrible pun about Boyce being Boyce.''
''I'm the manager of the boys' soccer team, secretary of the Student Council, and I work from 3 to 9 P.M. each day selling shoes,'' she said.
- King Kong, a 50-foottall ape whose heart was breaking with love, scaled the building and stood at the top, fending off for a while a squadron of Army fighter planes trying to shoot him down.
''If you want to portray how bad the criminal justice system is,'' said Mr. Miller, ''all you have to say is that the transit system looks great by comparison.''
At the news conference today representatives of only the U.M.W.
The owners have said such matters as the N.L.R.B.
Now it's back to chaos as usual.''
A few people stopped by their house, some of them General Motors workers, and an impromptu discussion of problems with the economy and with the domestic automotive industry began in the kitchen over coffee and a box of doughnuts.
This news stunned the financial community, which reacted sharply.
Mr. Duke announces the week's major stories and developments on Capitol Hill.
Cover closely and cook about 30 minutes over low heat.
Now the censors have lifted at least a part of the ban on Pasternak, and Voznesensky can whisper, for the first time in an official magazine, fragments of forbidden verse, including some of the devoutly Christian poems from Pasternak's novel ''Dr.
Mr. Cox, of Laurel, N.J., at the age of 22 is billed as ''the world's youngest tiger tamer'' at Ringling Brothers and Barnum & Bailey's Circus World near Orlando, Fla.
''Catch him on a down day, and he'll sleep 18 hours.
Since then, it has become routine for physicians to tell us to take off those 10 or 15 pounds that exceeded the appropriate figure on the chart.
The policy on such free-world partners is simple: don't call them totalitarian states.
The story of the African tribe that accused the missionary of cannibalism, because they found in his knapsack a box of Aunt Jemima pancake mix, has more unconscious truth than attempted humor in it.
It is estimated that all this would consume more than 36,000 manyears of work, with as many as 4,000 workers on the site at one time.
Mr. Garfein said that Mr. Lasky, whose Malibu Corporation in Santa Monica, Calif., is involved in real estate and films, put up most of the money.
'Still There in 1967' Mr. Ellsberg said today that the ship bearing the nuclear arms ''was still there in 1967'' and asserted that it might still be there.
He has read much about Billy, and says, ''I try to think like he thought.''
If an aggressive program of neighborhood rehabilitation is carried out independently of IBA's efforts - and this should be a high government priority - there will be far more housing, and the city's architectural character will be saved and strengthened.
''I try to fill myself in as completely as possible on the psychology, the biography of the role, then simplify the character as completely as I can.
''Though the Attorney General will usually not accept a plan for a building that offers less than a five-year mortgage, the law does not stipulate a new rate equally low,'' he said.
Rich Gossage, sidelined with a sore shoulder, threw for 10 minutes before the game and said his arm was at 90 percent effectiveness.
Most of them will do anything and everything short of rental - anything to get out from under these things.
Tie Musashi to a tree in a desert without a soul for miles around and, without fail, in a few minutes or a few days, a Zenmonk or a dru nken samurai will pop his head out of the sand and either say he llo or attempt murder.
There were four pay phones in the lobby - for all of us.
But in the heterozygote, it stays three days, and in the homozygote, five days.
''It was American television and the American people who built these fighters up, so why should they take this great fight out of the country?
Edward Stewart's account of their experiences is more notable as an informative guided tour of that world than as a work of fiction.
And if it didn't, what then?
Responses Are Not Changing Explaining the new policy, Richard J. Koehler, the department's director of communications, emphasized that actual emergencies, such as crimes in progress, would continue to receive immediate responses by officers in the field and that less serious problems would also receive police attention in order of their apparent priority.
Mr. Fraser said union membership had been reduced by 300,000 workers since its peak in the late 1970's.
It's so devoid of melody or style that you sometimes aren't immediately conscious of when the talk ends and the singing begins.
Above all, he continued, the linkage not only brings the Chicago board into the New York financial center, ''but it does so through a subsidiary of the most important and prestigious New York Stock Exchange.''
Notable cases in point include the fine sound equipment made by Quad in England or Tandberg in Norway.
The 26-year-old Miss Belvedere, who is estranged from her husband, was a companion of Mr. Mercado's co-defendant, Mr. Aviles.
My father liked to tell us it was the best beach in the world and that it had been built by New York's great builder, Robert Moses.
Associate Justice John Paul Stevens did not participate in the decision.
Earlier in the night, James Sanford defeated Stanley Floyd, the 20-year-old sensation, in both the 50-meter and 60-yard events.
Many of them will never dare to try because fly fishermen are wickedly inventive.
David Burke scored the other Harvard goal, whipping a high wrist shot under the crossbar from 35 feet away with 1 minute 55 seconds to play.
One suspects that his appreciation of the ''American sublime,'' which he finds in the works of such painters as Jackson Pollock, Franz Kline and Barnett Newman, has been influenced by his views on the magnanimity of American politics (the G.I.
There should be about four to five cups.
When the fare rose a dime last year, Mr. Koch declared himself a Westway foe and said he was considering urging a trade-in of the Westway money for mass transit funds.
On the contrary, present belt-tightening fiscal and social policies - from Washington on down - guarantee that these aimless, troubled and sometimes violent discards of our society are going to increase.
''It isn't a convertible,'' said Mrs. Ross.
Col. Muammar el-Qaddafi, the Libyan leader, who had established close ties with Zulfikar Ali Bhutto when he was President, ordered the Pakistanis to leave after President Zia endorsed the execution of Mr. Bhutto in April 1979.
Detroit (7-6) at Green Bay (6-7) -With Eric Hipple as their quarterback the Lions have won five of their last seven games.
Mr. Patten attended the University of Denver and worked for the Colorado Department of Revenue.
There are Christmas treats aplenty in and around New York for children, giving a choice of plays, puppet shows, musical programs and more.
By the new standards, investment was 6.1 percent higher on average in each of the last 10 years than had been reported, and the proportion of gross national product represented by investment was higher in 1980 than it was in 1970, 1960 or 1950.
Ethnic, Not Racial, Count When the census was taken last year, Hispanic persons were counted as an ethnic, instead of a racial group.
It attacked several clergymen after the February 1979 revolution, some of them after the authorities said it had been crushed through executions in January 1980.
For example, Government spending in Japan amounts to about 25 percent of the national income, compared with 45 percent in most European countries and roughly 30 percent in America.
Among the more cautious aspects of the city's proposals are projections of revenues from such inflation-sensitive taxes as those on personal income, sales and stock transfers.
''I once read it in the paper,'' was the modest response.
''In his joy he was splendid to listen to,'' goes the musical tribute to this paragon of songbirds, ''He was almost a wonder of his age.
Beating all speed records, the Senate Budget Committee last week sliced through Federal social-service programs like a surgeon - or, depending on your perspective, a butcher.
None of the Americans, however, were killed or maimed.
Mr. Baldrige said that the Commerce Department was reviewing ''11 to 12 cases for preclearance,'' almost all of them from European producers.
Then I wanted to be the starting quarterback.
He also noted that in the last several years enrollments have tended to level off because of a sour economy that puts restraints on funds from both states and the families of the students.
The total of loans to Eastern Europe represents almost 25 percent of the capital of the 20 or so major largest United States banks, according to economists at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.
If the new division is approved, membership sales will begin immediately.
The Hoosiers had won 12 in a row.
As part of the softening-up of the retail marketplace, Premium Products has started a selective barrage of product samples to grocery chain decision-makers.
Allied's proposed $230 million acquisition only needs the approval by Garfinkel shareholders at a meeting on Nov. 10 in Washington.
One day after he shot an 83, his worst round as a pro golfer, Jack Nicklaus shot a four-under-par 66 at Royal St. George's today.
Francesca Rey was matron of honor for her sister.
A NEW Polish Heritage Room has been established at Felician College in Lodi ''to serve as an inspiration to incoming candidates'' for the Felician order of nuns and to acquaint the general public with the background of the order.
Despite these deep differences, the claimant and nonclaimant members of the Antarctic ''club'' have a strong incentive to compromise, according to Mr. Scully and foreign diplomats.
I mean, you can't write about being a working mother all the time.''
That is not their only current collaboration, however.
Before it was banned in 1970, Endrin had been widely used by apple growers to control the spread of pine voles -mouse-like rodents that damage apple trees.
Ford, which is offering a 10 percent cut in the list price of most of its larger models, reported sales of 45,510, or a daily sales average of 6,501, down 2 percent from the 1980 period, during which Ford was offering rebates and sold 53,051 vehicles.
Viktor L. Israelyan of the Soviet Union told the United Nations disarmament conference that Moscow was convinced that the three-power negotiations were the ''most dependable way to make substantial progress toward the complete prohibition of nuclear weapons tests in the shortest possible time.''
From 1968 to 1978 he was the head of the Israeli Civil Aviation Administration.
Open from early morning to sunset every day.
It would be laughable, if it weren't so sad.''
The deputy director of the Smithsonian's National Air and Space Museum, Mr. Zisfein has aviation history at his finger-tips.
spokesman, Edwin L. Dale Jr..
''Every year there is something new,'' she said.
Listen to the strains of elk harps, which are antlers with strings attached; rocks that ring when you strike them; water drums, which are gourd hemispheres floating in a larger half gourd filled with water, and other artful concoctions.
If they did not, in view of their disinclination to increase their defense spending, our best course would be to proceed independently, though after full explanation and consultation.
''In the Amin situation a pair of trousers cost 400 shillings.
He did not elaborate on his remark, but many members of Congress have remarked that the Clean Air Act would be a very volatile issue in the 1982 Congressional elections.
Equipment Sold at a Loss ''Some of the guys are beginning to quit early, to retire at 62 rather than 65 because things are so bad,'' he said.
On one level, this means the idiom is actually reduced to overt units of classroom technique - as in the third dance.
That action will include dropping several lines of business, including the production of narrow corduroys, certain nonwoven materials, some drapery fabrics and part of its textured wovens operations.
Maybe it was the $1,2000 he invested in a batting machine, which his wife fed with baseballs last winter while Rajsich perfected his swing.
According t o Mr. Burke and Mr. Mills, the information will be of paramount imp ortance when the state and municipalities get into the siting and pl anning of hazardous-waste treatment facilities.
Of the 11 playoff games, the home team has won only four.
In short, the sort of conditions when an encounter with a building superintendent was no more likely than a sighting of the elusive Ross's gull.
''They better have a darn good excuse for being there or written permission from the landowner.''
But even in Canada, it is significant that the French-speaking section of the country has many more women film directors than the English section.
The conductor acknowledged, however, that there had been some desperate moments.
Playland will remain open daily through Labor Day and then on weekends until Sept. 27.
It is often said that Christmas is a time for children.
His goal, he said, is not to alter the balance of power but to change ideas and policies on both sides of the Iron Curtain.
''We did not penetrate the dura,'' he said, smiling as he left the operating room.
THIS is a story about a little girl on a remote island off the coast of Alaska and the strange path her life took.
The month's biggest account was won the earliest - the RCA Record and Tape Club, which could bill $6 million or more.
It really is possible to follow his method, unlocking the secrets of the maddening toy, although to do so means coping with instructions like the following: ''If a corner is in the right place but with Side 1 color facing you, it will need rotating within itself so that the correct color ends up on Side 1.''
At the age of 30, with his first million safely behind him, he traveled in Europe with Andrew Mellon, and from 1895 he bought on average a painting a month.
Then I decided it wasn't worth it, that I had to try to live as normal a life as possible.''
The last time the monthly farm price index dropped below its level of a year before was in June 1980.
Chaucer was 61 when he finished ''The Canterbury Tales'': Goethe was 83 when he finished ''Faust.''
The disclosure today of assertions that Max C. Hugel and others violated Federal securities laws, which led to Mr. Hugel's resignation as deputy director of operations for the Central Intelligence Agency, is not likely to lead to any enforcement action by the Securities and Exchange Commission, according to securities lawyers.
* Again and again, Mr. Springsteen's drivers come up against dead ends.
The Hospice auction weekend is the most exciting in Beaune's calendar but not necessarily the best time for a visit, unless you are in the wine business.
He is the superstar of the Midwest, and his fans demand perfection.
''Well, it would be very difficult for her to fire me,'' said Hill.
And the financial markets were still feeling the shock waves from that victory.
When he heard that President Reagan had been shot during an attempted assassination last month, Juan Carlos immediately telephoned the White House to determine the President's condition and to denounce ''the criminal attack which disgracefully proved that terrorist violence today is generalized.''
Red snapper, yes; it was basted for an hour or longer with a Creole tomato sauce made with chopped green peppers, chopped onion and celery (a friend of mine once called the combination of chopped peppers, onion and celery the holy trinity of Creole cooking).
Nevertheless, it is both substantial and attractive, and the date of its writing is of little consequence to the listener of today.
In the fall, Amtrak expects some Washington-New York Metroliner service to take less than three hours.
Mr. Feder pointed to another field of vines.
The percentage varies according to the specific deposit and the size of the bank, but generally it is about 14 percent for very short-term deposits, and about 3 percent for most other deposits.
That taste is based in the orchestral experiences of the 50's and in later grand gestured recordings by Leonard Bernstein (conducting over 80 selections) and Eugene Ormandy (over 40 conducting excerpts).
The Government today brushed aside protests by the independent union Solidarity and put into effect increases in tobacco prices that raised the cost of a pack of high-quality cigare ttes to the equivalent of nearly $2.
In their remarks today, Mr. Smith, Mr. Bensinger, Mr. Wampler and other officials emphasized two themes that the Reagan Administration has revived at the Justice Department: the need to combat violent crime and the importance of cooperating with state and local officials.
It has been a continuing source of amazement - and sadness - to see how difficult it is to convince the public that there really is a fuel shortage, and that each one of us has the means to alleviate it.
Kuwait's daily oil production has fallen to about 600,000 barrels, but should recover in coming weeks to nearly a million, industry analysts said here today.
From now on I'll just blow him out, then run him in the Wood, blow him out, run him in the Derby.
The example of Dali and Tanguy was useful to him in Paris, but when he came to this country during World War II, he was not only one of the most vivacious people around, but one of the most outgoing, too.
He said he would ask why the jockeys L.J.
He said that his organization, known as Swapo, along with the Organization of African Unity, held that the ''only basis'' for a fair settlement in Namibia was Security Council Resolution 435, which calls for United Nations-supervised elections.
This proposal is based on the blind assumption that people between 62 and 65 have some option as to whether they work nor not: the truth is that most of these people cannot find jobs or cannot physically handle what jobs might be available.
They try to act out art in life.
''Now I like to win,'' he said, ''and I know I can win if I put out the effort.
Stock option trading has grown from an average of 4,000 contracts a day in 1975, when it was introduced, to 126,000 contracts a day this year, an exchange spokesman said.
This is a modest list, by no means exhaustive but at least suggestive of a certain continuing vitality and sense of purpose in American composition.
Jack Farber, chairman of the City Stores Company and of its subsidiary, the 29-store Sloane's chain, said that Porterfield had purchased, for $10.5 million, 14,000 square feet of ground space and a total of 80,000 square feet over all.
Provide a scant handful for each rosebush and scratch in lightly.
It's only when you have been away from it, no matter how short a time, that you realize how much you miss it.''
THE headquarters of the American Water Works Company here on the outskirts of town seems to symbolize the obscurity of the nation's water utilities.
Her father is chief engineer of the New York State Thruway Authority.
''We have the cross-checks on this case,'' said a spokesman for the Japan Emergency Christian Conference in Tokyo.
And we remember Donald Sutherland in Robert Redford's film ''Ordinary People,'' at grips with the realization that, as Vincent Canby put it in his review, ''Recently achieved economic and social privilege is no defense against emotional chaos.''
Potential buyers of Union Canada include the Canadian Governmentowned company, Petro-Canada, the Nova and Alberta Corporation, Dome Petroleum and several other Canadian organizations, including nonresources concerns.
The camera is set on a galloping horse, a swinging pendulum, suspended from wires, all in the service of Mr. Gance's vast, romantic story of a Napoleon who assumes the dimensions of a heavensent savior.
Now landlords are tightening their leases and the subleasing market is changing.
Although the director in question tried to retain his position, the bank was upheld by the State Superintendent of Banks, and by the State Supreme Court.
The first step was the assembling of $7.977 billion in the Bank of England from $11 billion to $12 billion in Iranian assets frozen by President Carter.
He described his visit to the Western Wall.
More than once we have pointed out that Italian cookery, at long last, is coming into its own in this country.
In veal Marsala, the veal escallope was buried under a glutinous brown sauce overdosed with Marsala wine.
Remove the shrimp and squid rings and put them in a mixing bowl.
acupuncture was used in China to relieve pain.
Rich nations have poor people and poor nations have rich people; the adjectives apply to the state of industrialization within the borders.
In an opening statement this morning, Diana Motz, an Assistant Attorney General, said the evidence would show that Mr. Agnew received at least $60,000 in cash as contractor kickbacks channeled through I.H.
To be sure, the dominant mood remains one of great caution.
From her own experience, a writer argues that women have a hidden fear of independence.
You get a correspondence with your linemen.''
His skill at using extradom as a stepping stone is a lesson to young extras who complain endlessly that they can't get anywhere.
''Most often I get to work by subway, go home by car,'' she said.
Col. Muammar el-Qaddafi, the Libyan leader, said today that he was forming a rapid deployment force to fight the United States rapid deployment force if it intervened in any Arab country.
This was the second successive upset of a Pacific-10 team by a Big Eight team.
With rubbish accumulating and no settlement in sight, Norman Steisel, the city's Sanitation Commissioner, urged businesses to bag or box their refuse tightly to avoid unsanitary spillage.
My girl is completely impudent, her face is impudent in repose, but absolutely loving and delicate rough.
Any labor representative who does not negotiate labor contract provisions to cover changes in Social Security benefits will probably be sued for negligence.
There also are two showy flowering plants.
Those trips are priced between $3,180 and $3,390 depending on the numbe r of days and the season.
Ther e's nothing sexual about it.''
But with the resignation of two key Carey aides, he is said to be consolidating his power in the Carey administration.
He had promised to assist her in losing her virginity in Canada, but in spite of international experience in this sort of thing, at the crucial moment he is suddenly helpless - "What I really felt now was kind of negative erection, if one may use an expression like this."
Now he aimed a shot for the wall in right center.
''I don't think their asset redeployment is finished yet,'' said Robert Grossman, an analyst with Prescot Ball & Turben.
Gold prices dropped as much as $8.50 an ounce in Europe but rebounded later in New York.
''How do you plead, sir?''
''You had to have a sense of humor.
However, the state's top-ranked team took advantage of a pair of fumbles deep in Catholic territory to take a 14-10 halftime lead.
John C. Sawhill, the chairman of the Synthetic Fuels Corporation, said today that he intended to nominate Leonard Axelrod as vice president-technical and engineering at the next board meeting on Jan. 23.
That may explain why hundreds showed up for the annual lecture, and why it was held in the spacious Scarsdale High School auditorium.
LEARN CLOWNING ON 103D ST. ''The Art of the Clown: From Making Up to Falling Down'' will be explained Sunday at 3 P.M. to children and adults by Bobos, otherwise known as Terry Noble, in a workshop at the Museum of the City of New York, Fifth Avenue at 103d Street.
The agreement, signed in 1963, provided for shipment of 19 tons of nuclear fuel a year for 30 years.
SHARON THIRTY years ago, Bill Wilbur, a poultry farmer, shot a ring-necked cock pheasant a few hundred yards from his home with a 12-gauge shotgun.
Capable though Miss Zylis-Gara can be in certain roles, she does not have a voice with the voluptuousness and emotional power that the great exponents of the Italian Manon have had.
The defense has moved to dismiss the indictment on the ground that the prosecutor deceived Mr. Emmett by failing to say he was a ''target'' of the investigation.
This is so they will be able to transfer without severe problems to a French school.
The new routes construction program will be brought to the point where subway operations will be possible on two new segments of the rapid transit system.
The United States provides Haiti with $26 million a year for food and development and $750,000 in military and training assistance.
The broken-up surfaces in the great halls allow for scattering and diffusion of sound.
''The women's movement as we knew it,'' of which Miss Friedan was a founding mother, ''has come to a dead end.''
(D8) The dollar rallied against other currencies while gold fell.
I got myself out of there.
"I'm invited to a bar mitzvah.
''We didn't wipe out all the accents, but we toned them down and softened them a great deal.
''We took some Federal money and gave the Government something for it,'' said Frank Ciarniello, a production worker and union official.
''Each Sunday morning I have delivered a sermon from this pulpit which had been fully written out,'' began Dr. Read, a charismatic Scotsman and British army chaplain who trills his R's and is noted for his anecdotes as well as his 24 books, his numerous articles and the power of his faith.
The oil exporters' foreign deficits totaled $17.6, while importers' deficits amounted to $25.5 billion - and arms imports accounted for roughly one-quarter of their trade deficits.
John Cryan, society vice president and a naturalist and curator at Hoyt Farm, said that the engineering to be used at Multi-Town was ''unproven.''
In the other suit, filed in New York State Supreme Court in White Plains, Greenwich was joined by Rye's neighbor to the west, Harrison, a Westchester town in which large corporations account for about 45 percent of its tax base.
You wouldn't kill a deer but you'd let a butcher kill a steer, right?''
One runner, costumed as Big Bird, actually flaps rather than gallops.
When the children see a monster on television, they say, 'That's Mother in the morning.'
The company is also known in this country for its 35-millimeter cameras, sold under the Fujica brand.
Late in the seventh, Chandler attempted a left jab.
The United States delegate, Michael Novak, was interrupted several times by the Syrian and Iraqi delegates, who complained about the tone of his remarks.
Miss Curtin, a 15-year-old sophomore, clocked 18 minutes, 7.5 seconds to win the girls' team race by more than 120 meters.
Too many girls up for Miss Connecticut, thickly populated state, but Rhode Island or New Hampshire could be a breeze.
But Virginia appeared to be familiar with what happened to them.
Despite these rate increases, however, the dollar was quoted late yesterday lower than it was Tuesday, in relation to most European currencies.
''Last week my hair was down to my shoulders,'' he said.
Readers are invited to ask questions concerning any aspect of sport - statistics or strategies, rules or records.
Kelly Chapman, one of the fasting inmates from the Southern Ohio Correctional Facility, sued the state over the practice.
Rates begin at $2,631 plus air fare.
Technically, the company is not seeking a rate increase but permission to reorganize its billing procedures.
In describing the church as being ''on the side of the workers,'' the Pope called in his address for ''constant respect for the dignity of those who work, of their families, of the societies in which they live and for their rights and obligations.''
Two planets, however, remain inexplicable exceptions to the rule.
''Most people today think the system has failed,'' said Joseph Victor, professor of criminal justice and public safety at Mercy College.
''Heads have turned away from the theater,'' Mr. Coe said.
Mr. Crane said that the exact number to be laid off had not been determined.
Sometimes she rejects new business because it would swamp her production capacity; sometimes it is because, in the world of high fashion, playing hard-to-get is good strategy.
Mr. Kirkland invited - indeed virtually demanded - the return of the teamsters, the auto workers and the United Mine Workers to the A.F.L.-C.I.O.