July sales for the industry, some of which remain to be reported over the next few days, are expected to be off over all from last year's strong July and from the extraordinarily brisk pace of May and June, when sales were the highest since the mid- 1980's, thanks to attractive consumer incentives that expired at the end of June and in early July.
Expect Al D'Amato to be a bully.
If this practice continues, the natural supply of butterflies could dwindle and eventually spell the end of these businesses.
In view of the Long-Term Credit Bank's merger ambitions, said Luqman Arnold, UBS's chief executive for Asia and the Pacific, ''it was clear that certain businesses would no longer be appropriate for the type of alliance we had.''
Open Tuesday to Saturday (Sunday through Jan. 3), noon to 5 P.M. Ben & Jerry's Ice Cream Factory, on Route 100 in Waterbury, about 10 miles south of Stowe, (802) 244-8687, has daily half-hour tours of the plant ($2; 12 and under free), free tastings and a shop filled with an amazing array of bovine-themed gifts.
6 Normandy Heights Road, Morristown.
''Are you offering that or not?''
B3 New Finding in Swissair Crash Investigators in the crash of Swissair Flight 111 off Nova Scotia have found heat damage in wires from the plane's entertainment system, prompting the airline to disconnect the system on all of its jumbo jets, Swissair officials said.
The state law, among the least restrictive in the country, lays out rules for loans given directly to campaigns but does not address personal loans to candidates, state election officials said.
''People just found it valuable to go about the business of creating something without knowing if you'd actually be able to produce it,'' Mr. Petersen recalled of the early days at Victory Gardens, where he earned his Equity card in 1979, and whose current artistic director, Dennis Zacek, has been there from the beginning.
The Democrats, in contrast, have homed in on the public's dislike of partisanship, of Mr. Starr and of investigations that seem to have no end.
Gross pointed out that there is so much variation in culture that some Wilson critics might be right when they argue that the actual genetic contribution to culture may be smaller than expected.
And while he is away, Agathe suffers a riding accident (as Ms. Pingeot did when she was 12) that alters her view on life.
By the time all this news had registered with United States investors -- around 10:30 A.M. -- the Dow was down 220 points.
I'll tell you this -- the money that was paid to the Democratic Party was nothing but protection.
A Federal prosecutor, John M. Hillebrecht, told a defense lawyer at a recent court hearing that Mr. Stiso might also soon face a charge of racketeering, according to a court transcript.
Its quick ascent provides a vivid lesson in how a mass marketer can carve out new territory.
He said that would be ''an ideal situation for us,'' considering he has a youthful team.
Short-handed, the Nets still made a game of it.
HealthCare Imaging, which operates magnetic resonance imaging centers, said it would pay for the acquisitions of Echelon M.R.I.
''If you were manufacturing a drug and it was selling like hot cakes, why would you risk a study comparing it to other drugs?''
More typical is the performance history of Verdi's ''Otello'': there has yet to be a significant portrayal by a black tenor of opera's most specifically black role.
Is this such a bad thing?
As he and other baby boomers age, says Mr. Kerschner, who is 45, the attitudes of the largest, fastest-growing, wealthiest segment of the population have changed -- and those changes are affecting what boomers spend on everything from soft drinks to vacations.
His sister Audrey, 52, who also lives in Durham, spends nights with their mother while Mr. Mitchell is working.
Mr. Godin hazarded a guess, choosing Driveways.
The long program runs four and a half minutes and demands a more interpretive performance than the short, which revolves around eight required elements.
had to ''rebuild our field strength'' in order ''to stay in the espionage business.''
Though moderate, the seasonally adjusted rise in the Labor Department's Consumer Price Index was the largest in 17 months.
A second Great Wall: its currency, which is not freely convertible.
There was no in-between film.''
claims he owes about $109,000 in income taxes.
It is misleading to imply (''Magnet School, in Suburbia, and Aiming for a Profit,'' Sept. 20) that urban-suburban magnet schools in Connecticut are both new and dependent on the idea that the profit motive and good education are automatically mutually supportive.
Moya recalled coveting this title since he saw Bruguera pocket the first of his back-to-back French Open championships in 1993.
Contributions in her memory can be made to either the American Lung Association, the American Cancer Society or the American Heart Association.
It must have been horrible over there.''
And many will be leaving children behind.
Global Motorsport, the largest independent parts distributor for Harley-Davidson motorcycles, has accepted an offer of $19.50 a share in cash plus the assumption of debt from Stonington Partners.
One measure of the bonus's popularity is its spread over the last year or so to most fast-food companies.
Performances in the Spanish Courtyard and outdoor Venetian Theater on a former estate.
And even more than Superman, it was Jimmy -- the adolescent Everyman who was always getting himself and Lois Lane ensnared in perilous mix-ups with nefarious no-goods -- whom Americans took to heart.
A diet designed for losing weight, increasing energy and combating disease.
Negotiations had broken down in June after the Swiss offered $600 million, a figure the plaintiffs quickly rejected.
The Vietcong were ingenious in improvising weapons, but as the war wore on, the Communist side in the South was increasingly supplied by Chinese-made arms infiltrated from North Vietnam.
On Jan. 30, 1948, five months after independence, the 79-year-old apostle of nonviolence was shot and killed by Nathuram Godse, a Hindu nationalist editor.
Dr. Meldola immigrated to the United States in 1947.
Our failure to censure China for its unremitting effort to help Pakistan become a nuclear power has dramatically altered the strategic world order, and the role the United States must play in it.
''There are things I can deal with.
White papers for such a summit conference will be available soon.
But even with Randy Johnson, that was something the Astros could not do.
Services Wednesday, 11:30 AM at the Chapel in Trinity Cemetery, NYC.
As of today, 4,284 people had requested aid, and $861,000 had been approved, according to the Federal Emergency Management Agency.
The boys were brought into the police station by their parents or grandparents, but Detective Nathaniel said under questioning that the adults were not in the room when the boys confessed.
The modern portrait photographer doesn't have to be an artistic genius, of course.
''The unions don't seem to be able to draw together in the big races.''
Matthew Passion'' with the orchestra.
At the very least, a negative vote would be a staggering blow to corporate America's most ambitious continuing experiment in labor-management relations.
He noted that it was Democrats themselves who had initially called for the committee to follow the same procedures used during the Watergate hearings.
Translating that vision into a successful business will not be easy.
Marilyn Friedman, President Steven M. Jacobson, Chairman David J. Stern, Exec.
In April, the President explored ways in which modern biology might help.
In person, she looks like a 1960's flower child; she has loose and curly hair.
Donald Bain North Salem, N.Y.
There have been no reports of serious problems flaring up in any of the neighborhoods where integration has become a part of day-to-day life.
So is the gradual turning to granite of Ms. May's condescendingly gracious executive as her employee, played with delicious, straight-faced conviction by Ms. Berlin, tells her of her fantasy scheme for becoming famous.
We're clinging to the old model when the new model has formed around us.''
Jamie Rubin, a State Department spokesman, said today's ruling would not affect American policy toward Iran.
Larry Habegger, a longtime adventure traveler and an editor of the Travelers' Tales books, said stories of deflated dreams are all too common.
Never has the good old Model United Nations, popular for so long among the earnest high school set, seemed so pallid, so retro, so (to be read with teen-age disdain) 20th century.
Opponents of the ban say they simply want City Hall to permit them to set off firecrackers in designated areas by licensed pyrotechnists and with close city supervision, as Macy's does with its huge fireworks display on the Fourth of July.
The companies are typically small in size, usually valued between $50 million and $300 million.
Now I'd like to try the right thing.''
With ''Summer at Gaglow,'' the author stares down, much more directly, the primal myth to which writers have long been addicted -- the yearning for home; the deep fear of losing it and oneself along with it; the sweetly mixed blessings of homecoming.
''It's a mix of what you would get in any city emergency room: heart problems, broken bones, stabbings, gunshot wounds, burns, injuries due to automobile pile-ups,'' Dr. Williams said.
What makes ''Gerrie and Louise'' and many of the other films shown at the Human Rights Watch International Film Festival distinctive is how they often manage to shock by depicting only human complexity and its ragged, sometimes awful edges.
Like TriBeCa, however, the district still feels very bleak -- although it doesn't feel dangerous, even on a Tuesday at midnight in July.
''I do think the Governor is Presidential material,'' she said.
He asked her to pull it out.
One leads through a cavelike hallway of molded concrete to an outdoor terrace on the second floor, the second into a large, open-plan space with a kitchen and dining area at one end.
''And we are also finding that guests are spending more money in the hotels.''
And Jack F. Kemp, the Republicans' 1996 Vice-Presidential nominee, was to be a part of the advisory board's meeting in Denver last month, but hecanceled at the last minute.
Ron Whittier, a senior vice president for Intel and Mr. McGeady's supervisor at the time, attended some of the meetings where the threats were purportedly made, and in his deposition he said he did not remember hearing them.
A2 Serbs Advance in Major Assault Yugoslav Army and paramilitary units, in their biggest offensive, have attacked rebel positions across the province of Kosovo, apparently trying to free major roads that have been under rebel control for months.
It was the next best thing to a house call considering that Yazykov was under sail in the South Atlantic.
Because of Steinberg's work and because Collins worked to get rid of the hitch, he ended up being drafted fifth over all by the Carolina Panthers.
and ''What are you doing wrong?''
It was written by David Barrett, the chairman of the ABC affiliate board and directed to the managers of the network's 211 affiliated stations.
CLEVELAND ROCKERS -- Waived F Carol Ann Shudlick.
''Let's face it,'' said Roger Starr, a former city official who worked on the Yale Literary Magazine with him and received his bizarre letters over the years, ''there's sort of a gap between being eccentric and being insane.
When I lived in Manhattan in the heart of Little Italy, we came out of a restaurant one day and this little horrible looking, mutilated dog hobbled up to me.
But he has other things he has to do in the spring.
Elizabeth is survived by her sister-in-law Arynne Simon and brother-in-law Morris Gerstenhaber.
Folk music takes over Clark Botanic Garden in Albertson Tuesday when Dave Sear sings at 7 P.M. (327-3100), but come Wednesday it's time for bluegrass from East Bound Freight at 8 P.M. at Silversmith's Corner in Southold (765-4300).
Among the dozen songwriters who have contributed to this witty early-60's-style revue spoofing the perils of travel, the show's musical director, Stan Freeman, and its bass player, Jay Leonhart, have provided several of the best bits.
Among them are three reported bosses of the Cosa Nostra: Leoluca Bagarella and Filippo Graviano, amd Bernardo Provenzano, who was convicted in absentia.
But he added that the problem was likely to be resolved.
Among the executives who signed the letter were: Andrew S. Grove, chief executive of Intel; W. J. Sanders 3d, chief executive of Advanced Micro Devices Inc.; Eckhard Pfeiffer, chief executive of the Compaq Computer Corporation; James F. Halpin, chief executive of CompUSA Inc.; Michael S. Dell, chief executive of the Dell Computer Corporation; Lewis E. Platt, chief executive of the Hewlett-Packard Company; Teruaki Aoki, chief operating officer of Sony Electronics Inc., and Gordon E. Eubanks, Jr., chief executive of the Symantec Corporation.
When I told her my plan to camp for three days and two nights in the Adirondacks, she could only shake her head, repeating, ''Why, Joe, why?''
''Revelations'' was ''Revelations,'' as indestructible as ever.
It is that perspective that has raised some question in Edmondson's mind about the rash of injuries that have struck down the Mets' brightest pitching prospects and about the Mets' way of conditioning pitchers.
''When the team is losing you look at the coach -- and in this case, we need to get rid of both coaches,'' Mr. Dobson said, referring to Mr. Gingrich and Mr. Lott.
The zinc roof was washed away and all his belongings were destroyed.
''Tapas were presented to important visitors, like Captain Cook.''
It is not the source of the shocks.''
But the families reacted with joy, preferring to dwell on the development's potential implications for resolving ownership questions surrounding the tens of thousands of works of art that changed hands illicitly before and during World War II.
As the playoffs began, however, outfielder Darryl Strawberry felt continuing pain.
Ferry, 31, who averaged 4.2 points last season and played 10 scoreless minutes in the playoffs, will have arthroscopic surgery on Thursday.
''But I'd rather wait until after I get done playing, so I could bury a lot of people.''
Then there are the juried shows, where exhibitors must convince judges that they do quality work before they're allowed to put the work on display (and up for sale.)
Ms. Ferraro's press secretary, Stephen Gaskill, said that Ms. Ferraro supported cuts in defense spending, but he was unable to say whether she favored the specific measures proposed by Mr. Green.
The fundamental problem seems to be that jazz is about breakdowns, interruptions and alterations -- arrangements, in other words -- whereas second-rate dance music is about trancelike flow.
Teachers choose up to 10 students for the five to six sessions -- lasting from one to three weeks -- from slides, a resume and a letter of intent.
The Government later retrieved the document from the court, but not before Mr. Hall's lawyer, Ivan K. Mathew, obtained a copy.
EXTRA POINTS BILL PARCELLS all but officially said goodbye to DAVID WILLIAMS, the right tackle whose chronic back pain will force his retirement next Tuesday.
In 1995, Onjinjinkta Enterprises, which Ms. Eadie started three years before, bought the rights to the hardcover version of ''Embraced'' from Gold Leaf Press, and plans to release a new edition around the year 2000.
Yet, with rescue workers arriving and wreckage slowly being cleared away, many are already trying to look past this ordeal.
Minority-rights advocates, stung by the decisive success of a voter initiative in California ending bilingual education there, filed suit in Federal District Court in San Francisco yesterday to prevent the resolution from taking effect.
''You never know what is going to cause someone to become suspicious,'' Ms. Anders said.
''A few years ago, we decided to take a hard look at our properties,'' Mr. Tripp said, commenting on the turmoil in Boston and the situation here.
Tornadoes always leave caprice amid destruction, and that was the case here in Seminole County, where the police said 11 people died and scores were injured when a line of twisters danced across Central Florida around midnight.
And then, Lithuania's best player, center Zydrunas Ilgauskas, won't be playing in Athens either.
It was the second heartbreaking loss in a row for Arkansas, which won eight straight games to start the season and entered the game tied for 15th in the New York Times computer ranking, No.
Bring the chicken stock back to a boil.
Cameron rolled around on the ground and still looked dazed when he finally sat up.
After Sachi secures a liquor license, there will be a full-scale sake bar.
I'm as tough as nails is what people say, and I don't ever give up.''
''Any organization that does is ultimately not financially sound,'' Mr. McLean said.
Of the theater's street productions, she said: ''The important thing is the basic stuff: economy, enunciation, interpretation, passion.
This quickly becomes distracting to the driver.
It has columns, meant to lend it an air of grandeur, but really it's just a big old white house.
And then there were the nagging questions about the authenticity of Keller's achievements.
Although no one is certain how much of Ayala's boxing talent remains, Bob Arum of Top Rank Inc., is expected to promote him once he is released from prison.
He walked away, leaving West grinding his teeth.
Jason Giambi and Scott Spiezio each drove in two runs in support of Rogers (5-1).
Instant read thermometers can be troublesome, too.
Nine of them showed up.
Ms. Albright gained early notoriety in the Clinton Administration when, as the American representative to the United Nations, she led efforts to maintain tough economic sanctions on Iraq despite flagging international resolve on the issue.
The tenor Paul Groves was a youthful and sympathetic Prince Tamino.
''My view is that we should not be taxing at the Federal level for the things that New Jersey can do for itself,'' Mr. Garrett said.
I suppose my producer and your ghost writer, Helen Fielding, share some of the blame.
Only six months ago, his company, which already owned the brokerage firm Smith Barney, bought Salomon Brothers, the big investment bank.
''We don't ever want to be a moral-victory program,'' said John Thompson, the coach of the Hoyas, explaining one of the reasons his team continues to bring a buzz to the building.
''Finally, we fought -- almost physically -- and stopped speaking to each other.
The best thing about talking on line is that you can look at what you're saying before you send it and ask yourself, 'Do I really mean this?'
What is the best show you've had here?
One woman who lived in a shelter donated $10 a few weeks ago, but Mr. Lebron insisted she take back $5.
My parents were at a Ramada Inn in Corpus Christi, Tex., for an Elderhostel.
The city has refused to grant Mr. Muhammad and his fellow organizers a permit for a march on Malcolm X Boulevard.
The cause of death was asphyxiation.
The dispute involves Credco's ''instant merge'' reports, which use computers to give mortgage companies, automobile dealers and other lenders combined information from the three national credit bureaus, Equifax Inc., the Experian Corporation and the Trans Union Corporation.
The state's first witness, Ms. Fahey's brother Brian Fahey, testified that she had had a harsh childhood after their mother died and their father stopped working.
Meets tomorrow at 2 P.M. in front of the Flatiron Building, Broadway and 23d Street.
There was little air in the steaming studio.
Those efforts include the hiring yesterday of J. Steve Davis, who helped turn around the Chicago office of J. Walter Thompson, as chairman and chief executive of Wells, replacing Frank Assumma, who was dismissed.
No action was taken against the nine Festina riders in the race.
Doctors who said they had never referred patients to pastoral care gave several reasons, including previous bad experiences with clergy and not knowing the right clergy for referrals.
But when Mayor Jean-Paul L'Allier heard about Mr. Richler's visit, he called the invitation ''clumsy'' because of the author's curmudgeonly opposition to Quebec's independence movement.
In that atmosphere, it is easy to talk of the disintegration of the world financial system.
To add that fund, Ms. Dziubinski is shaving her holdings in Third Avenue Value Small Cap and Ivy International.
''We can't say a book is evil if we ourselves are publishing it,'' the managing director argued.
He attended high school 12 miles away in Conway, Ark., was a football star there and was offered scholarships by a number of colleges.
''I just tried to put my body in front of it.
MERCER COUNTY COMMUNITY COLLEGE ''Jack F. Harris: An American Abstractionist.''
Mr. Kaczynski accepted a sentence of life in prison without the possibility of release.
As long as there are words and pictures his life, his wit, his work exists, though his presence is deeply missed.
It didn't matter that George lost his job as a Yankees employee several episodes back.
Said Pettitte, now 14-8: ''I felt great.
''It just didn't seem that we came ready to play today,'' Marino said.
Other factors may also give cues more power to evoke emotional memories, according to research by Dr. Jane Stewart of Concordia University in Montreal.
's conditions, including making the final payment on an $80 million franchise fee.
Frito-Lay challenged the finding, which had been made for The Times in tests by Genetic ID, a company in Fairfield, Iowa.
It is not clear what link the two men have to the sniper attack that killed Dr. Barnett A. Slepian, who was shot through his kitchen window in Amherst, a suburb of Buffalo, on Oct. 23.
He was active in the NYC Bar Association.
Some evangelical leaders talk of the United States as ''Sodom and Gomorrah.''
Ratings and running times are in parentheses.
Mr. Lappin, however, said the plan had been designed to do what was absolutely necessary while minimizing the cost to residents.
In the Franklin Covey store that Ms. Saks manages in White Plains, the shelves are filled with parenting guides.
The show's official opening on Monday is being treated as a cultural milestone, with the Culture Ministers of Britain and France scheduled to attend.
Vienna's prized paintings by their father will not be going along.
Whatever it means, it's something for customs inspectors to note.
Bell Chief to Join Rothschild Raymond W. Smith, who is retiring from his chairman job at Bell Atlantic at the end of the year, will become chairman of Rothschild North America Inc., the North American holding company for the Rothschild Group in January.
In fact, the bond that many black Americans feel with Africa is a source of tension.
Visitors to Yahoo click on more than 95 million mostly ad-supported pages each day.
Slim, fine-boned and parading the stage in a black bustier, he could pass for the glamorous sister of the actress Juliette Lewis.
''We know there were City Council hearings where people were not allowed in.''
It was around the time of last summer's Keith Haring show, I think, that the critic Peter Schjeldahl called the museum the what-the-hell Whitney, which seemed apt.
While there was a certain sadness that Mr. Youngman and his humor were now gone, Mr. King read a message from Milton Berle, a comedian often accused of stealing jokes, who offered a measure of reassurance that Mr. Youngman's jokes would live on, ''in my act.''
FRIDAY, 10:30 A.M.: Ben Pring, one of the remaining male dancers, is taken to the back of the hall for a whispered conference while the other men continue to improvise.
I got a letter last month from a board member of one national group working on population issues in which he complained about ''barbarians'' who littered the subways and played ''ugly'' music.
And then they separate out, as they seem to have done during the summer of 1916, which he spent at his family's house in Twin Lakes, Conn.
''I plan on winning it and keeping my title and fighting De La Hoya before the end of the year.''
and Newport News, threw so much extra cost into the business that those four submarines soon became three.
If there are rogue dealers selling to criminals, he said, it is up to law enforcement to arrest them.
The impromptu bat cameo was absorbed without a hitch, though, as the inspector briskly ad-libbed ''Oh, I see you have a window open,'' and turned back to the bloody deed at hand.
A servant brought scrambled eggs with smoked salmon.
But these are the playoffs, and at this time of year what has happened in the past does not matter.
Some Senate leaders are seeking to add $24 billion to the bill for highway projects while allocating nothing for buses and subways.
Mexican police said the men, Alan Swan, 37, and Herb Dohr, 42, were beaten on the head by unknown assailants while they were sleeping on the beach in the village of San Quintin.
People are seeing our farmlands being gobbled up, our scenic views being gobbled up.
Downtown, the early Marston House, near Balboa Park, and the handsome First Church of Christ Scientist, at the corner of Second Avenue and Laurel Street, where restoration is almost complete, can be visited.
Traditionally, Kirkus was the more negative of the two services, and it was not uncommon for some authors to ask their publishers not to send them galleys because they feared the slashing judgments and thought Kirkus often gave away book endings.
Which perhaps explains why Mr. Rosi adapted ''The Reawakening'' rather than ''Survival in Auschwitz.''
The Tigers have lost three straight, 25 of 32 and are 1-3 since Larry Parrish became interim manager when Buddy Bell was fired last Tuesday.
Given the deepening recession, which is producing Brazil's worst unemployment in 15 years, the measure was bitterly attacked, underscoring the difficulty that the Government will have in winning approval for austerity measures as hardships worsen.
Its roster of traditional dishes -- mussels, cassoulet, bouillabaisse -- is outstanding, and the chef and owner, Gerard Maurice, produces some exceptional additional dishes, like buttery tuna tartare and a lusty sweetbread salad.
The backdrop will be used for Yom Kippur services next week, then go into storage until next year.
Beloved wife of the late Dr. Isidore Frimmer.
''It's finished and the changes we've agreed to are things we've had in place,'' Mr. Gillies said.
Today, the students received support from a powerful Muslim leader, Amien Rais, a prominent critic of the Government.
The Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater is proud to have been a part of his genius during our 1993 New York City Center Season where we performed his ballet, New York Export-Opus Jazz.
The Darling children, played by Elisa Sagardia, Chase Kniffen and Drake English, are endearing; the 7-year-old Mr. English, in particular, has the gift of unaffected adorableness.
In New Hampshire, where there is a strong tradition of local control and no statewide tax, 90 percent of the money comes from local property taxes -- but that will be changing due to a December court ruling declaring the system unconstitutional.
A front-page article yesterday about the arrest of Radislav Krstic, a Bosnian Serb general charged with genocide by the Yugoslav war crimes tribunal based in The Hague, misstated his whereabouts.
Her mother, Geraldine Kazenoff, is a psychotherapist in Southold, N.Y.
But it is going to be difficult.
Olsten's stock fell 62.5 cents a share, to $11.4375.
But to avoid bankruptcy they will surely pass on these costs to consumers as higher premiums.
In addition, the state is doubling the fines for drivers who exceed the 55-m.p.h.
Cuba had won six gold medals in the first eight classes decided.
But he still counts himself among the 1 in 3 Americans with a fear of flying, especially when he contemplates the question that one Chinese pilot posed to his co-pilot after hearing (and ignoring) an automated ground-proximity warning system.
But the people of Northern Ireland have long since found no beauty in the guns, and welcome their silence.
(AP) Blackhawks and Canadiens Swap 6 Two struggling teams, the Chicago Blackhawks and the Montreal Canadiens, swapped goalies and defensemen in a six-player trade yesterday.
''As a strictly objective matter, there isn't much difference between Duisenberg and Trichet,'' Ms. Persaud of Banque Paribas remarked.
In the Open Air Theater, seating 1,187, the season opens tomorrow with ''A Midsummer Night's Dream.''
Mayor Paul Helmke of Fort Wayne won 35 percent of the vote, while John Price, a lawyer, had 34 percent, with 96 percent of precincts reporting.
Transistors had been planted in his head, he said, and frightening news was coming through.
Among Post's New York projects were the New York Stock Exchange (right) and the first Equitable Building (demolished) in Manhattan, and the Williamsburg Savings Bank in Brooklyn.
''You press this button and an electric motor moves the counter down to 28 inches, or up to 40,'' Ms. Langmuir said.
Thirty years of planning to develop the site have failed to make it the Buddhist counterpart of a Mecca or Jerusalem.
The two-time defending champions (60-18) have earned home-court advantage at least through the first three rounds of the playoffs.
A woman, determined to locate her sister's killer, finds herself to be his new target.
Mr. Kelly said that firing warning shots was a routine way to stop suspect boats and to capture some of the thousands of Haitians who try to reach the Turks and Caicos illegally each year.
One potential outcome of this dispute is renewed hope for a rival ratings service, Smart, which has been mounted on an experimental basis by Statistical Research Inc., a company based in Westfield, N.J., that is best known for measuring radio network audiences.
He would replace Marcel Roulet, who is to retire at the end of January.
Deborah Hobson, widow of the slain Army sergeant, said in a separate interview that she wished that there were alternatives to military action to deter terrorism.
But industry groups had long warned that they would be unable to meet the approaching Oct. 25 deadline for complying with the law by installing the software and hardware that would allow for court-authorized surveillance on modern networks.
''There's no teacher,'' he said, ''just a bunch of us in the room figuring out what to do.''
Mr. Ross was joking slightly, but he has great reverence for his grandfather, whom he last saw just two days before his death.
This would mean that the police in towns and villages would be almost entirely ethnic Albanian, a radical change from the various kinds of present-day police forces, which are almost totally Serbian.
Lunch or dinner for two, with beer or wine, comes to about $18; (49-89) 230-8790.
In fact, the Asian woes have begun to hurt the profits of many companies, both those that sell to Asian customers and those that compete with Asian companies whose sinking currencies have made price reductions possible.
''These children have experienced multiple losses,'' said Patty Donovan Duff, program director of the Bereavement Center, a program of the Home Nursing Association of Westchester, also in Tuckahoe.
The think tank closed on Monday, the China Development Union, was started this year by a 42 year-old former official and businessman, Peng Ming.
These arrangements are designed to give the nationalists greater equality in the north and a link to Dublin, while assuring Unionists a separate Northern Ireland, majority rule and the British connection they seek.
She chops up the putak and boils it into splinters that taste as unpalatable as they sound, or else she grinds it into what she calls flour but is actually sawdust.
At 135 North Grand Avenue, Los Angeles.
''I'm looking for what reasonable people would pay for the company in a fair market exchange, assuming they planned to hold it forever and wanted a reasonable return.''
The baby sitter, Chiquita Moody, of 630 Howard Avenue in Brownsville, was charged with abandonment and endangering the welfare of a child.
Still, there are some signs that investors' nervousness about the South Korean economy may be diminishing.
With the rising demand for space in Times Square, Mr. Moss's building has become valuable and is one of the last low-slung structures in what is becoming a canyon of skyscrapers.
Is it harder to be an adolescent today than when you were one?
The status of a third starter, defensive back Damon Moore, wasn't known immediately.
They showed what they can do by burying the Mets in the final season series when they wanted to assure themselves that they would play the wild-card team.
Ms. Murphy always intended to go to college, and scored a combined score of 1330 on the S.A.T.'s.
Patrick Ewing, the union president, whose $18.5 million annual salary is currently the highest in the N.B.A., has already lost about $3 million.
They spin end-of-civilization fantasies, speak in tongues, recite stale jokes.
''I have a smile on my face,'' declared Steve Largent, the football star turned Oklahoma Congressman as he told Larry King of his aspiration to topple Dick Armey as House majority leader.
Viewpoints is worlds away from the self-referential style that Strasberg expounded.
Other local leaders, meanwhile, have embarked on a full-scale economic development program that they believe is vital to the city's future in the wake of the loss of 60,000 jobs in the city through the reorganization of the Federal and municipal governments in recent years.
A series of similar suits, some with unmatched skirts, and slim dresses paraded down the showroom aisle yesterday.
Indeed, the Finnish company Nokia and the Swedish company Ericsson sell phones that offer a wide selection of programmed musical rings -- from a Scott Joplin rag to ''Auld Lang Syne'' -- but you don't hear these melodic snippets very often in the United States.
would have to notify the taxpayer within 12 months or it could not collect interest and penalties.
The urban middle class has truly felt punished.
Funeral Friday, Dec. 4, 9:30 AM, The G. Thomas Gentile Funeral Home, 397 Union Street, Hackensack.
I'd rather be getting some return in the beginning.
After his initial contact with the F.B.I., Mr. Rivera said he embarked on an 18-month undercover journey into the criminal underbelly of West New York, posing as a crooked officer, taking bribes from businessmen and wearing a body wire to tape shopkeepers and tavern owners, some of whom he had known his entire life.
George Petrenko's wife, Galina, died of breast cancer last January; then he suffered a heart attack.
Beat the Drums The Guilford Parks and Recreation Department, along with the Shoreline Alliance for the Arts and Guilford Interfaith Ministries, invites adults and children alike to come and drum next Saturday from 2 to 4 P.M. at the Nathanael Greene Community Center.
The ability to offer ''one-stop shopping'' he added, should give the company a big edge in finding customers in other water-scarce countries, where the recycling of waste-water from agriculture seems the only viable option for meeting urban demand.
But there will be pressure at the top on Sunday, especially for the final twosome of Stewart and Lehman.
With hardly an hour -- if that -- to spare, the Exxon board approved the deal unanimously.
The loss also masked recent benefits from an end to costly customer incentives that dogged its United States business last year.
This civil agreement allows us to continue to work together with this customer.''
''It's not about information; it's about opinion and a unique perspective.
With profound sorrow, Union Temple of Brooklyn mourns its long time member and Trustee, Dr. Jerome Hurwitz.
Self-containment invites respect, or at least adds to the mystery.
''I have come here to take back what is ours,'' he said to members on Saturday.
Two of the powerful mafias that control the city's underworld are on the verge of a gang war; a certifiable psychopath has made a lucrative gambling enterprise of staging vicious dogfights; and the only person capable of rescuing the city from this frontier lawlessness -- a lusty, boozy, boorish but essentially honest member of Parliament who is a clear ringer for Boris Yeltsin -- has dropped out of sight.
And the discussion of affirmative action is a missed opportunity: she oversimplifies what is a wrenching moral issue.
''You don't like to see fights breaking out, but as far as a response to what happened, it was good to see.
Clifford Krauss (NYT) ARGENTINA: EX-RULER HELD IN KIDNAPPINGS A former military ruler, Emilio Massera, has been arrested in connection with the kidnappings of two infants born to political dissidents imprisoned by the previous military dictatorship, BBC News reported.
But he also bought and took out of the country artworks that some critics believed were national patrimony.
In a less heroic, more Woody Allen vein, I can provide an anecdotal counterpart to Trilling's revealing essays.
Similarly, as an actor, Mr. Kitano's blank or neutral face often serves, like a mask in Noh theater, to hide as much emotion as it expresses.
Defeating the Yankees these days requires more than a simple combination of good hitting, pitching and defense.
James Achor's bristling guitar playing showed glimpses of his familiarity with rockabilly and punk, and indeed the hourlong set was a larger picture of American music than most books can give, encompassing not just swing, but bebop (Dizzy Gillespie's ''Salt Peanuts''), East Los Angeles R&B, and calypso.
Under the rules of the tribunal, he cannot now be tried in Rwanda, which last week publicly executed 22 people who were involved in the massacres.
Crossword E41 Weather A23 Public Lives B2
No matter that few are going to read it, given its arcane subject.
THE soup cans are already on the production line chicken noodle, tomato, clam chowder, Michelle, Tara, Nicole.
''How could I be happy about the Olympics when our company's best athlete isn't going to be there?''
German shares closed about 2 percent higher.
Here is a selective guide to coming theatrical events in New York City, annotated by Rick Lyman, who writes the On Stage and Off column that appears on Fridays in the Weekend section.
From the Garnet Hill catalogue, (800) 622-6216.
Tickets: $16 to $70 (Tommasini).
''It doesn't matter where I play,'' he said.
He questioned whether aspiring members would find ''that we are not inviting new nations into the NATO that won the cold war but rather into a diluted NATO converted from a well-defined military alliance into a nebulous 'collective security arrangement.'
''So don't rush to conclusions.'
I also liked ''Let the Devil dip his lame leg in Wine'' and ''three crooked nails hurt in her voice.''
The Jesus and Mary Chain's implacably misanthropic rock arrives with a dedication to the rock verities as established by the Velvet Underground: an unswerving beat, a drone and an attitude.
Ms. Jones resigned her job at the university with a scathing letter that accused the administration of racism.
Taking pitches is part of what he does, part of why he has still been an effective offensive player despite his plummeting batting average.
He later became one of the greatest keyboard artists of all time.
''We're taking a look at the bug, which appears to have privacy implications,'' said Eric Byunn, a Netscape product manager.
The two investigators who went to Ms. Cuji's apartment on Aug. 5, 1997, examined the same documents she had shown at the Medicaid office, she said, and sharply questioned her lack of a green card.
''It was a disappointment for all of us.''
The uncertainty in Asia and the indication of slowing growth in the United States drove investors into Treasury securities, sending the yield on the 30-year bond down to 5.79 percent from 5.84.
The rest of the time, when we came in second, it was a lot because of me.
Its shares fell $2.50, to $61.1875.
But that would play havoc with both sides.
To Loews Cineplex, ''it is an unbelievable location that with the quality of the mall will have a regional draw,'' said Marc J. Pascucci, its vice president of advertising and publicity.
''The bar has been lowered in some companies,'' he said, ''but we have continued to raise the bar.''
Battered children have been routinely sent to foster homes far from their neighborhoods, schools and biological parents, further traumatizing youngsters already reeling from the sudden separation from their families.
She receives 2,000 letters a day.
Visitors can see fixtures from that era, like a fire hydrant and a hitching post, try on reproductions of period clothes and lay out their own neighborhoods and skylines with special blocks.
The companies also agreed to divest themselves of another Brooklyn waste station and one in the Bronx, as well as a Pennsylvania landfill.
Mrs. Maddrey was a tad late, but she has been a little flustered since the test she recently took to renew her driver's license.
But the Iraqi people, the primary victims of his tyranny, don't deserve further suffering.
'' Not long before he died Eisenstein confided to a close friend that he feared he might soon be singled out by Stalin for execution.
In 1996, the most recent year for which figures are available, nearly 14 percent of new houses built nationally were 3,000 square feet or larger, said Gopal Ahluwalia, director of research at the National Association of Home Builders.
Yes, Blossom Dearie, that eternally mischievous bohemian sprite, is back, leading a trio that includes herself on piano, Ray Kilday on bass and Luiz Peralta on percussion.
The second is that based on real estate appraisers who have looked at other neighborhoods near cellular towers there was no impact on the real estate value from before to after the structures were built.''
gave VaxGen Inc. of South San Francisco approval to conduct the world's first full-scale test of a vaccine to prevent infection with the AIDS virus.
A lawyer who spoke to family members today said he believed they were satisfied that all the evidence had been heard and they were hoping no violence would result from the grand jury finding.
Though they insist their paths surely must have crossed in the years they traversed the neighborhood, the couple met in 1945 when they were both cast in the Broadway production of ''Jeb'' at the Martin Beck Theater: he as the male lead, she as the understudy to the female lead, a role she eventually took on.
Several times over the past few years, Reza Akrami, an Iranian, left his home in the Vancouver area and flew to San Francisco to see a mysterious man who spoke in Persian and called himself Dr. Afshar.
In addition to Time Domain, companies asking the F.C.C.
He said that a study completed five years ago, paid for in part by the Legislature, concluded that the creation of a new county was not only financially feasible, but also desirable.
WHEN one of the nation's richest people a headstrong Texas oilman -- is accused along with his family of bilking the Government of more than $100 million in taxes; when his former accountant says in a court document that one tax dodge involved claiming a business deduction for a private jet used mainly to fly to vacation retreats in California and Colorado; when the oilman agrees in the end to pay millions in back taxes and his company offers to plead no contest to criminal tax fraud, one might think there would be little public sympathy for him.
New York: Metropolitan Books/ Henry Holt & Company.
At Provence, Liz Arana, the chef, puts eggplant, zucchini, yellow squash, tomato, red and yellow peppers and asparagus in the vegetable terrine printaniere (which means ''springlike'').
Mr. Nateq-Noori had been the front-runner for President and lost in an upset to Mr. Khatami.
She lived to become the matriarch of her family, spending her lifetime supporting charitable causes which included her synagogue, Hadassah, Sisterhood, Woman's American ORT, the American Cancer Society, and the Cerebral Palsy Association.
''You don't see these people standing outside your office or outside City Hall,'' Ms. Bath said.
So Mr. Liddle persuaded Xerox's upper management to take the unusual step of licensing Ethernet in a way that insured it would remain an open standard.
Some musicians use home-recorded MP3's to promote themselves outside the realm of recording contracts and labels, at Web sites like www.iuma.com and www.free-music.com.
Protective Services The state has given high ratings to Westchester's Child Protective Service Program.
At 79, Ms. Hagen invests her role with the concentrated focus and energy of a rising young star in a make-or-break performance.
''I know it's horrible,'' Karen admits.
The incident in New Jersey in which five gunshots were fired into the house of a sex offender shows how vulnerable these individuals are to vigilante actions.
In the history of science, knowledge about a certain problem can be limited by illegible handwriting or some other fluke.
A five-minute cab ride is the simplest way to reach what is considered Thomson's finest house, Holmwood, which lies just outside the city limits on Netherlee Road.
Coronado's Quest, the Wood Memorial winner; Real Quiet, the Kentucky Derby winner, and Victory Gallop are now considered the colts to beat.
In lieu of flowers, donations should be sent to The Church of the Resurrection Building Fund.
''It's a real New York workout because it's really efficient,'' Alycea said.
Pending mergers between four of the Big Six are only likely to raise the number of conflicts as firms that now consult for companies also turn up as their auditors.
The new National is the brainchild of Michael J. Conway, one of the founders of America West Airlines, who was ousted as its chief executive in 1994 as the airline was struggling to emerge from bankruptcy.
B6 2 Million Watch Parade About two million people jammed a two-mile route along Eastern Parkway, in Brooklyn's Caribbean heart, for the 31st annual West Indian American Day Carnival Parade, more than the Thanksgiving or St. Patrick's Day parades.
''These really are different businesses,'' Don H. Davis, chairman and chief executive, said today in an interview.
Its design philosophy, since waking up to the Web, is that there should be no difference between viewing what is ''out there'' and what is ''in here.''
''They've got a better piece of paper,'' said Larry Feinberg of Oracle Partners, a hedge fund that specializes in health care and who is not buying the stock.
FORT WORTH FIRE--Waived D Rick Findlay and C Jayme Adduomo.
The likelihood of the season beginning in early December is fading with each verbal grenade.
''We invite teachers from different traditions to give instruction on meditation,'' Ms. Tworkov said.
Mr. Serrano's district was followed by the Crown Heights, Brooklyn, district represented by Major R. Owens, where an estimated 38,123 people were missed, and the district represented by Charles B. Rangel in Harlem, where the Census Bureau failed to count an estimated 35,705 people, according to the study.
Mr. Krier's decision to have his streets and alleyways wander and their breadths widen and narrow randomly has created bends and blind corners that add a sense of anticipation and theater to taking a stroll or running an errand.
The bloodstain is of no value as evidence against the Kimeses, said a second detective who spoke on the condition of anonymity, because a test by the Medical Examiner's office determined that the blood came from a man.
Suggested admission: $8; students and the elderly, $6; children 12 and under, $4.50.
Frisk Me Now will be the starting highweight under 119 pounds for next Saturday's $400,000 Whitney.
Some went to Mortimer's for lunch and dinner four or five times a week, and many held private parties there.
But many who spend only two or three trimesters at Eagle Rock return to their public schools with the skills and outlook to flourish.
As we descended the last mile to the Ow River, the weather cleared in a rush of high pressure.
At first glance, it seems to be the most narrowly targeted fund yet -- the only other metropolitan area boasting such a fund is Washington -- but direct comparisons are tricky.
Moreover, the fixed-income team that cut the deal had earned 38 percent of Peregrine's profits the previous year; this was just one more deal.
CA TROPHY Sampras Gets Favor From Becker Top-ranked Pete Sampras, competing thanks to a favor by Boris Becker, advanced to the second round of the CA Tennis Trophy tournament yesterday in Vienna.
''We're not calling it a crisis because, frankly, we don't want to play into Saddam Hussein's hands.
This is done by discounting the future expected cash flows of the company and the dividend paying ability of those cash flows.
His coach, girlfriend, uncle and father are all trying to get their piece of his next move, to college or the pros.
Place a small amount of each piece into the cavity of each bird, and place the remainder on the breast of each bird.
When the study of gravitational lensing was in its infancy, quasars were merely the bright sources of the light being distorted and magnified.
Reposing Walter B. Cooke Funeral Home.
''We have to make a decision whether this agency is the best vehicle for funneling billions of dollars over the next five years.''
When the discussion turned to Netscape, one Intel executive, who asked not to be identified, recalled Mr. Maritz saying: ''We are going to cut off their air supply.
Mr. Faircloth, a farmer-businessman, is trying to make voters think their health insurance costs have risen because of Mr. Edwards's success in winning personal-injury cases.
An exhibition game scheduled for Sept. 25 against the New Jersey Devils was canceled because of the legal battle.
ERICKA NORTON New York, April 2, 1998
The strong jaw line and wide smile turning down at the edges were familiar.
When asked which Fidelity funds she owned, Ms. Tomlin replied: ''An equity utilities fund and a growth and income fund.
Soon Mr. Combs was at Ms. Lobel's door.
Tip: ''Because cats ingest hair when they groom themselves, they are susceptible to hair balls.
Suddenly, the band was in the midst of a bidding war in the United States, and because Warner Brothers hadn't committed earlier, Catatonia was up for grabs.
''Let them use my frequent flier miles on their train ride into Hades.
The bond's yield, which moves in the opposite direction from the price, fell to 5.92 percent, from 5.94 percent on Thursday and off the morning high of 6.1 percent.
Debut of the Hot Dog Coming off the Boardwalk in Coney Island, you can sample food and history at Nathan's Famous on the corner of Surf and Stillwell Avenues.
There are signs that some consumers are nervous.
Some are less than a foot square, while others are nearly life-size images of Jesus, the Apostles, and other holy figures.
Spots for the Doublemint brand of gum sold by the Wm.
One newspaper editor wrote about how she was thrown in jail for trying to organize a party for Mr. Mandela's 70th birthday.
(The unreinforced patch is still there, just north of 41st Street.)
To the Editor: It's not surprising to hear that Republicans are displeased with President Clinton's responses to the 81 questions posed to him by the House Judiciary Committee (news article, Nov. 30).
Disk jockeys who flaunt their techniques of scratching and mixing now call themselves turntablists.
''You don't replace Maple Leaf Gardens.
It was the creation of a conservatism become puritanism, a conservatism that has long lost sight of the principles of privacy and restraint, modesty and constitutionalism, which used to be its hallmarks.
Williams is survived by his wife, Virginia; a son, Joel; a daughter, Peggy, and four grandchildren.
He was also an Associate member of The French Huguenot Church.
''But the irony is that our high-tech sector has been growing recently.''
Asked if a team would be tampering if it got in touch with Crawford before he was released from his contract, Colorado's general manager, Pierre Lacroix said, ''No doubt.''
Three quietly harrowing sculptures add up to one of the most haunting exhibitions of the season.
''We need a diversity of ideas,'' he said.
Alongside a small army of elderly extras, mostly British retirees in Rome who were recruited to play inmates in the internment camp, they waited, fanning themselves with paper plates and doing crossword puzzles.
Twenty years later, Mr. Frye (pictured above) is still asking his students to write letters.
But most of her questions at the hearing focused on the relative merits of the leasing and commission systems.
The 99's would be a pathway to some as-yet-undeveloped system.
This year, Olerud -- a career .293 hitter when the season began -- is a virtual lock to hit .300 for the second time.
's bill stands to be roughly $80 million.
Mr. Pearlman's film credits included ''The Horse Whisperer,'' ''Die Hard With a Vengeance,'' ''The First Wives Club'' and ''Quiz Show.''
Even when volatile food and energy costs were excluded, prices were unchanged.
She rarely uses closures, and when she does they are hidden.
But we do know what he said by way of explanation.
Families in this northern region of Albania have close kin there.
Too often, we had one or two of our foreigners sitting on the bench, because of the overload up front.''
Age 31, after her long and valiant fight, on April 29, 1998.
''The problem, I think, is in the mentality,'' said Andrei Gnatiuk, who heads a political consulting firm involved in election campaigns across Russia.
To the Editor: If ever I am so disabled that I cannot end my own life if I so choose, I pray that I will have available an individual with the courage and compassion of Dr. Jack Kevorkian to heed my wishes (column, Nov. 25).
Despite the party's performance in the November elections, Mr. McLaughlin said, Republicans should take heart because the outcome underscored how political dynamics could shift quickly and unexpectedly.
They share information, tips about day care and the like.
Set against current practices, growing New Leafs represents a more sustainable way of potato farming.
That's the kind of thing Washington should be very careful about.''
Amplified music is barred, leaving only the peals of the steel pan to break the cool silence of the night.
They hit the Wildcats with a furious assault and before anyone knew what happened, Duke led by 38-20.
His love for his family and the state of Israel/Israel Bonds was unequaled.
To save fuel and emphasize her belief, Ms.
It would work nicely if I ever needed .
General Motors invoked the Michigan injunction but the trial court, in turn, invoked Missouri law and permitted Mr. Elwell to testify.
George Young stepped down after 19 seasons as the Giants' general manager today, asking that he be remembered for a body of work that brought the team two Super Bowl championships, but more significant, restored the luster to a once-slumbering franchise.
When he does not, they are 5-20-5.
In a food processor, combine the flour and butter with a tablespoon of sugar.
For Cuba, the principal benefit of such aid efforts today is not that they advance a geopolitical strategy.
That week, the city of New Haven will place banners along Chapel Street proclaiming it ''Evelyn Schatz Way'' (''they're calling it that because I always get my way,'' she said with a big smile.)
''We like to have fun,'' said Mr. Reddicliffe, pointing to the magazine's ubiquitous red logo.
More and more of the state's capital projects are being paid for by borrowing, rather than annual appropriations.
''It will be a huge vindication for him,'' said Mandy Grunwald, a Democratic media consultant.
The Officers and members of the New York Psychoanalytic Society and Institute express their profound sorrow at the death of their esteemed colleague.
In California, a proposal to raise cigarette taxes by 50 cents a pack and dedicate the money to early childhood and prenatal care programs, bitterly opposed by the tobacco industry, had passed by such a thin margin that it was probably headed for a recount.
The wagons are used by the Crime Scene unit or by Truck Enforcement units of the Highway Patrol, said a department spokesman, Sgt.
Nothing here severely tests Mr. Brendel's virtuosity, and his thoughtful, musicianly sense of pace and organization is admirable.
I believe clarity of standards has a huge impact on levels of academic achievement.''
''That's my goal,'' Sanchez said.
On the other side of the ledger, he said, ''you don't walk away from a 34-year career without some regrets, and I leave very disappointed that we haven't done something on campaign finance or affordable health care.''
Putter Loan Amuses O'Meara Mark O'Meara, who shot a 72, was amused that his friend, Tiger Woods, had so much success with O'Meara's backup Ping Anser 2 putter.
And they have many allies in the populace.
and Ms. Simone's insistent, ''Just give me my equality!''
This has its advantages and drawbacks: while her soft spot for each and every subject is apparent, it's hard to believe a task this complex could be accomplished with so little rancor.
But David J. Londoner, an entertainment industry analyst at Schroder Inc. and a member of the group that wrote the new rules, said he expected many studios to begin following them next year.
And we are aggressively involved in both those activities.
The three anti-kidnapping agents are under house arrest, the chief of the Morelos state police has resigned, the state attorney general is under fire -- on Sunday the local Catholic Bishop threatened to excommunicate him -- and Gov.
Yet Mr. Zwick admitted last week that the movie's intended complexity and ambiguity could be undermined by the brief trailer.
''Obuchi, looking back on the relations between Korea and Japan in this century, humbly accepted the historical fact that the Japanese colonial rule inflicted unbearable damage and pain on Korean people and expressed remorseful repentance and heartfelt apology for the ordeal,'' the statement said.
We have lived through times of great excitement!''
Walter Reed U.S. Medical Center was his last location of priestly service.
Exquisitely smooth and creamy cheesecake overdosed on almond extract, a pity.
With a score by Stephen Flaherty and Lynn Ahrens and a cast that includes Brian Stokes Mitchell, Peter Friedman, Marin Mazzie, Audra McDonald, Mark Jacoby and Judy Kaye under the direction of Frank Galati, the musical attempts to portray the creation of modern America nearly a century ago.
Joseph Hoeffel, the Democrat whom Mr. Fox defeated by 84 votes in 1996, had $92,615.
In his Georgia district today, Mr. Gingrich called the move his ''highest goal for the year.''
A critical account of Kenneth Starr and his investigation.
Mr. Field, whose father was president of a company that produced bank notes and stamps, grew up in New Jersey and became interested in Dali as a student at Columbia College in the 1930's.
maintains the highest standards in the world for approving drugs.''
Two more individuals appeared, looking as if a couple of the larger sculptures had come to life.
Woods, last year's Masters champion, and O'Meara live and play golf at Isleworth, as does Lee Janzen, the United States Open champion.
Rabbi Marc Schneier, president of the Foundation for Ethnic Understanding, cites figures from a separate study commissioned by his group this year showing that 43 percent of Jews and 54 percent of blacks believe that relations between the two groups are improving.
''If we're forced to deal with the march, we'll deal with it,'' Mr. Safir said.
''This is a fabulous place to do theater, and particularly to start doing theater,'' she said.
He doesn't have a serve like Becker.''
''There's stuff going on now we could be telling them,'' he said.
But after almost a quarter of its length has been spent wallowing in irresponsible maleness, the book suddenly unleashes its power.
The report also found that parents often failed to receive the drug treatment and mental health services necessary to keep children safe at home.
Mr. Olivo credited the campaign with a major role in the recent improvement in Apple's fortunes.
A smile crept across Gonzalez's face when he talked about New York's 114 regular-season victories meaning nothing when the post-season begins.
And in terms of brand loyalty, Apple is No.
D. Who Must Assert the Privilege While the court declines to recognize a protective function privilege, it must note that even if so inclined, the privilege has not been properly invoked.
Now he pursues that hobby behind the big desk, traveling easily between the distinctive characters he has created for ''Ally McBeal'' and ''The Practice.''
Although winds are expected to carry the balloon across North Africa, the team meteorologist said the track would avoid Iraqi airspace by at least 50 miles.
By the end of the game, Gill was sitting on the bench after missing an alley-oop attempt that could have cut the Seattle lead to 3 with just under a minute and a half to play.
It was a tape that should never have been shown, one that degraded this country -- and not only because of the sexual details on which the prosecutors dwelt.
The Giants haven't been on ''Monday Night Football,'' the league's grandest regular-season showcase, since their season-opening game in 1995 -- a hope-dashing 35-0 home defeat to the Dallas Cowboys.
She is survived by her beloved husband, her son Geoffrey, her daughter Dona, her daughter-inlaw Karen and her granddaughter Katharine.
The Yankees stand by themselves.
The chef cooked for Princess Di and Prince Charles for three years.''
Two polls in the last two weeks have shown Mr. Humphrey, known as Skip, running neck and neck with Mr. Coleman, the Mayor of St. Paul -- each favored by a little more than a third of those surveyed.
Mr. Clinton spoke as the first signs appeared that Iraq might be ready to back down from its flat refusal to allow United Nations inspectors into certain ''presidential sites'' suspected of housing weapons.
And Glenn was forced to leave the game late in the second quarter with a sprained ankle, leaving the Jets' defense short-handed for the second half.
We mourn with profound sadness, the death of our dear friend Francis Goelet.
Thanks to the reporting of Nina Totenberg on National Public Radio, we know that Mr. Starr had had several conversations with Paula Jones's lawyers years before about their strategy.
''Push'' found its audience on music television, through a video featuring the puppy-handsome singer Rob Thomas emoting like mad.
The likelihood that mud will upset form has diminished somewhat, with a 30 percent chance of rain forecast for Derby day.
In the last two years, cyclists have been blamed for four pedestrian deaths.
5 Richard Krajicek powered their way to second-round straight-set victories in the ABN- AMRO indoor tennis tournament yesterday in Rotterdam, setting up a quarterfinal match.
HSBC is the holding company for the London-based corporate banking and financial services firm.
What's an environmental group to do, when eight years of boycotts, letter-writing campaigns and such have not stopped the Mitsubishi Corporation of Japan from cutting down old-growth forests?
It might be nice if he would say what an actual panzanella is: a peasant salad of dry bread, tomatoes, olive oil, red onion and sometimes basil.
''Will you write to someone?''
Many scientists believe that an effective H.I.V.
kept going, setting fresh record after fresh record.
But several Hasidic Jews said such separation is consistent with the tenets of their religion.
''In this market, owners can get away with murder,'' said James Meiskin, the president of Plymouth Partners, which represents tenants.
Known for clean play and sportsmanship, Kariya is often the target of opposing checkers.
A study done for the city found that New York spends only about 40 percent of the private-sector standard on routine upkeep.
Mr. Tyler, on vacation, could not be reached for comment.
''Judging from the current situation, I can tell you that in principle there is a chance that we can resolve this situation without additional assistance,'' he said.
Mayfair (68) and Paul Azinger (69) were the only players in the 75-man field to shoot in the 60's today as steady breezes with gusts up to 35 miles per hour turned the always-challenging Blue course at Doral Golf Resort and Spa into a test of skill and patience.
You want to get on base, you try to trick the umpire.
invest more money here and guarantee that jobs be preserved -- the same demands that the union has made in more than a dozen other local strikes over the last five years.
Those reporting malicious acts by outsiders increased to 42 percent in 1997 from 17 percent in 1996.
His plea agreement calls for three years of probation.
In the 1996-97 school year, Literacy Volunteers programs in New Jersey provided tutoring in basic literacy skills or in English as a second language to 5,915 people.
''People don't open up in formal settings, so dining is really a part of the Japanese culture,'' said Yukio Okamoto, a former Foreign Ministry official who now runs his own consulting company.
Original expectations, he said, had been for well over 3 million tourists in the jubilee year.
For all this, Se Ri (pronounced suh-REE) credits the father who grabbed that trophy back in Yeo Ju City and willed her to win it.
In this part of Canada they call a stand of maples a ''sugar bush.''
But when people found out just how much silver Berkshire was hoarding, there were quotes of up to 80 percent.
They are still doing so.
Now, the Bontes say, they may soon have to close their shop.
In those days, before distrust and digitization, whoever agreed with him no doubt still trusted that photographs could not lie.
The Philbins, including Mr. Philbin's younger brother, Frank, lived in the house for about eight years.
Loving father of Nan and John Potter, and Amy Schneider.
Getting Russians to pay their taxes, however, is not just a matter of raiding warehouses, publishing lists and ordering audits.
''You could play it today and be reasonably successful,'' said Robert L. Treifus, senior vice president for worldwide communications at Klein, referring to the once-notorious commercial in which Ms. Shields confided that ''nothing'' came between her and her ''Calvins.''
But I just think if everybody's on record denying it, you've got no problem.''
Brian Flores knocked Peddie out of the game in the first half, rushing 17 times for 161 yards and three touchdowns.
When Monica Seles's 6-3, 7-5 victory over Ai Sugiyama this afternoon knocked Sugiyama from Chase contention, Graf and Irina Spirlea were guaranteed the remaining berths.
The number appears to have decreased slightly in 1997: in the first eight months of the year, 49,568 sanctions were issued; extrapolated for the whole year, that would work out to about 75,000.
And, as in any real estate transaction, there were disagreements over what the land alone cost.
''But I almost didn't get out there.
In ''The Confessions,'' Mr. Brooks said, Rousseau wishes to ''make his soul transparent to the reader's eye.''
NASA's last moon mission was Apollo 17, in December 1972, a manned flight.
Magnificent Siberian huskies were waiting for us in a clump of lodgepole pines 10 minutes' walk from the hotel.
In 1982, 10 years after an operation for throat cancer, he issued a ''Self-Emancipation Proclamation'': ''I hereby declare that I shall not again agree to write, revise or edit a book; deliver a public lecture; contribute to a symposium .
Mr. Maciariello filed for temporary custody a week later.
During Mr. Goffio's tenure, CARE became one of the world's largest international relief and development organizations, with an annual budget of some $350 million to help people recover from disaster.
Speaking for the first time in court yesterday in Stamford, Conn., the second victim, who was 17 when she was assaulted, trembled as she said punishment was necessary, ''to help save another girl from the wrecking ball that is Alex Kelly.''
* Does the inspector supply a thorough written report?
He said, ''There was a fairly small group, not interested so much in dissent but in disruption.''
The killing of Dr. Barnett A. Slepian, a gynecologist in Buffalo who performed abortions, has become a factor in at least two campaigns in New York, say political consultants and some campaign advisers.
Political associates said Mr. Levy considered returning because he felt politically sidelined and saw no future for his small party.
''I told them I wanted to do the landscaping maintenance on all their buildings,'' said Bertuglia.
''And we are playing like the teams that used to be here with Chris Mullins and Malik Sealy.
She has shown that part of the responsibility of a museum of contemporary art is to redefine the very meaning of the term, by serving as a laboratory for the ideas and issues, artistic and otherwise, of its time.
Either the Celtics are that bad, or the Knicks are that good.
Federico, her older brother, was already internationally acclaimed at age 38 when he was killed.
Beloved wife of Philip Trent (aka Clifford Jones) at The Actors' Fund Home, on March 17, 1998.
The Democratic issue ads began in 1995 and were shown in the primary campaign, while the less costly Republican issue ad campaign began later and continued after the primaries.
''You're not thinking about the real world.
Alice Vines had saved the children's baby shoes.
After taking office in 1996, Prime Minister Hasina used her power to bring her father's killers to trial, saying that insuring justice would help entrench democracy in this volatile country.
As matters now stand, these hits are subsidized most directly not by any government arts programs, private foundations or commercial producers, but by the actors, directors, writers and crafts people who make them possible.
Welfare workers, they said, can now do calculations by hand.
''I make it look like I'm sharing,'' she said, a little conspiratorially, ''but I'm actually just moving the focus to the others.''
* ROBERT IRWIN: ''PART 2: EXCURSUS: HOMAGE TO THE SQUARE 3,'' Dia Center for the Arts, 548 West 22d Street, Chelsea, (212) 989-5566 (through June 13).
All of these books are in print, and represent just a sampling of the possibilities.
WEDNESDAY Kaiser Permanente through California Health Facility Authority, $400 million of revenue bonds.
But the comments also reflect a new willingness among Republicans to speak bluntly instead of couching their beliefs in politically agreeable language.
A1 China Detains a Dissident Xu Wenli, an outspoken democracy advocate in China, was arrested in Beijing, but he was later released with a warning, he said, ''not to cross the line.''
''If your child can't read, you think it's just your child,'' Ms. Mazier said.
He moved to reduce inventory costs and to speed up the time it takes to get products to the marketplace by allowing I.B.M.
The valuables and their packaging totaled 132 pounds.
The Yale defense held Chris Menick, the Crimson's ace running back, to 2- and 3-yard gains.
The company's stock has not traded on exchanges in the United States or Canada, where the company is based, since Aug. 10 because the company has been unable to provide even the most basic financial information.
A Seeberger Freres image on exhibit predates by a few years Edward Steichen's Pictorialist picture of women in luminous white dresses and large hats on steeplechase day in Paris.
As portfolio manager of the bank's closed-end New Germany fund, a $665 million growth fund invested primarily in midsize German companies, Mr. Ackermann is deploying money to pursue some of those opportunities.
Museums in New Zealand also aggressively collect them.
''But if the U.S. economy weakens, all bets are off.''
A panel of appellate judges would have to approve any charter for an independent prosecutor.
The freight cost him $23, but the bread cost him four bucks.
The change comes after the departure of Dan Stricevic, 39, senior vice president and creative director, who the agency said ''left to pursue other interests.''
The ways in which he does this may be brazen and even vulgar in their literal-mindedness.
''California ran out of superlatives, so they had to start compounding them,'' said David W. Hermance, general manager in charge of engines at the Toyota Technical Center USA Inc., in Gardena, Calif. California recently enabled auto makers to meet their LEV quotas with SULEV's instead.
The gravestones were eventually moved to the Grove Street Cemetery.
It is only fair to note that writing slogans for states to push tourism is no easy task.
''Ultimately, the goal is to sell more bikes to audiences that are not part of the core franchise,'' he said.
To the Editor: I challenge your Nov. 20 editorial's description of President Clinton as ''this weak man.''
He adds: ''It's a matter of perspective.
Among the main courses, I loved a special of roasted trout ($11.95), moist and adorned simply with lemon, butter and a slow-roasted tomato that shows off its tomato flavor.
When Kenneth Starr is criticized, those who want President Clinton out of office tend to respond with two sorts of questions.
Enforced pregnancy is a slightly confusing term crafted by rights organizations to describe the act of repeatedly raping women with the intention of making them pregnant with the seed of their enemy.
Despite his apparent fatigue, John Paul read out his holiday greetings in a strong voice, gliding over the musical tones of Maori and offering the longest greetings of all in Italian and in his native Polish.
''It's public land -- our land.
Turner, who has engaged in a nasty, long-running feud with his rival media mogul, has only one vote, but several officials and owners said the issue could be so close and controversial that other owners could be swayed by an impassioned speech against Murdoch.
At the intermediate risk level, notice goes to nearby schools, day-care centers and other institutions.
No transparent clothing is permitted.
For instance, the two leaders have sole control over ''member items,'' virtually unregulated funds -- $150 million this year -- that legislators distribute to favored groups in their districts.
''It's a fake rubber pumpkin.''
They are, and they're always open.
From the air base, which they said was in Kulob, Tajikistan, weapons and other supplies are flown to Mr. Massoud's forces in Afghanistan.
MADISON AVENUE is poring over the post-game analyses of the ad bowl played during Super Bowl XXXII with all the intensity that the Green Bay Packers ought to have brought to San Diego.
The complaint involves a time when Father Parenti lived at St. Veronica's parish in Howell Township and worked at the Diocesan Tribunal in Lawrence.
The proposed wording does not include imposition of a fine.
The 230 on board were killed in the Flight 800 crash and all 132 on board were killed in the USAir Flight 427 crash.
The vibrant activity in the commercial leasing market in the Chinatown and Little Italy areas has promoted real estate careers for Chinese-Americans.
The Shipyard property has its own development tale.
Dedicated teacher, educator and guidance counselor, real trouper, a Thalian Masquer, terrific cook, gracious hostess and loyal friend.
It is too late for Christmas orders, and New Year's orders must be placed by 5 P.M. Wednesday this week.
And then I thought, Well, I wonder if part of you, when you're working on films, is saying, Well, I wish I could be drawing.
Of course, we all oppose monopolies on principle.
''But Prime Minister Netanyahu remains firm in not letting that happen.''
As such developments demonstrate, artificial intelligence is offering an alternative to -- or even a replacement for -- flesh-and-blood arbiters of culture.
A 5-0 lead into the ninth turned into a near nightmare.
Professor Stamler was also involved in other research projects, including a survey of more than 10,000 people worldwide that reaffirmed sodium as a factor in high blood pressure.
Some are fearful, sensing a lessening of black influence and an increase in tension as many black and Hispanic Americans compete to move up the economic ladder.
Now White House wannabes are beginning to advance the starting time of their television, radio and newspaper advertising campaigns.
After working as an executive for Wienerschnitzel International, a hot dog franchise company, Mr. Ezell was commissioner for the Immigration and Naturalization Service's western region under Presidents Ronald Reagan and George Bush.
Mr. Torczyner, who died in March, was a friend and adviser to Magritte.
(Scallops, which started with Comme des Garcons in Paris, have crossed the Atlantic to land in such disparate collections as those of Marc Jacobs, Zang Toi and Mr. de la Renta.
The Nasdaq fell 4.92 points, to 1,823.62.
Adored by eleven grandchildren and fourteen great-grandchildren.
Friday at 8 P.M. Tickets: $15 to $64.
Tigers starter Justin Thompson, who lost his previous three starts, gave up one run -- unearned -- and five hits in six and two-thirds innings.
13 25 THE LOST BOY, by Dave Pelzer.
I was told by Enrique Ceballos, the spa's charming and boyish organic gardener, that the flowers represent the traditional colors of Mexican folk culture: purple (lavender), yellow (calendula) and orange (aloe).
Last week in New York, McGwire sat out one game during back-to-back doubleheaders against the Mets.
Quite cathartic in their way, and exactly the principles at work in full-length animation spectacles like ''Antz'' and ''A Bug's Life.''
The police planned to interview her in an attempt to learn the motive for the shootings, he said.
And although a large majority of black independents supported the Democratic candidate, one-fifth favored the Republican candidate.
His scenes of barn dances and cider making are, at their best, magisterial in structure and rich in observed detail.
Sometimes those loungers can feel mighty good.
The glitch in the vote counting that seemed to put Mr. Holt on the losing track last night resulted from a false keystroke in the Mercer County Clerk's office, and was brought to the County Clerk's attention by a perturbed Mr. Lawrence.
Did she ever ask about the contents of the box?
Labor experts point to other reasons for the problems.
And the researchers note that, with all those old tires around, tire-based activated carbon should be inexpensive.
Alan Greenspan, the chairman of the Fed, said on Thursday that investors and lenders appeared to be less fearful than they had been.
The Hotel Restaurant Bold, 10 Konig Ludwig Strasse, D-82487 Oberammergau, (49-8822) 9120, fax (49-8822) 7102, has 58 rooms.
Dan O'Dowd, the Indians' assistant general manager, answered.
The nationwide Federal study showed overall smoking rates had increased by one third among high school students between 1991 and 1997.
Cisco, based in San Jose, Calif., said it planned to take a one-time after-tax charge of 3 cents to 6 cents a share in its current quarter, ending in January, to cover acquisition-related costs.
She frets about his diet -- he has diabetes.
As a result of the most recent review, last summer, NASA boiled down its earth-science research targets to five areas: seasonal-to-annual climate variability; climate change over years and decades; atmospheric chemistry and ozone; natural hazards like volcanoes, earthquakes, floods and hurricanes; and, changes in land use and land cover.
On Tuesday, Ballet Hispanico presented the world premiere of his ''Bury Me Standing,'' inspired by the life of Gypsies, and ''Una Mujer Llorando,'' a recent duet that was added to the program.
The bridegroom's mother, Patricia Elmlinger, retired as a teacher of the elementary grades in the New Canaan School District.
The canal was dug in the 1860's to provide a manufacturing lifeline to the New York Harbor but in recent years become a little used, malodorous liability to Brooklyn.
This film is rated PG.
''We need to go into the next couple of years growing instead of becoming smaller.''
Besides calling Rangers games on radio and television between 1946 and 1969, he anchored World Series pre- and post-game shows, reported on boxing and horse racing, and was host of radio call-in shows as well as the ''Schaefer Circle of Sports'' on Channel 9.
The mystery of her relationship with Mr. Clinton has led critics to seek a pattern of behavior into her past love affairs.
Eagleson faces a 34-count grand jury indictment in Boston and is expected to appear before a United States Federal judge tomorrow and plead guilty to at least three felony counts, the papers said.
A City Council committee pushed yesterday to make the Chinese New Year the 31st holiday on which alternate-side parking rules are suspended, but officials of the Giuliani administration argued that the proposal would mean dirtier streets.
He did not put the accessories he designed for Vuitton on the runway, but the baby-blue patent tote and the white patent clutch embossed with ''LV'' could stand with or without the airy white sleeveless silk T-shirts and ecru cashmere skirts he showed.
''I was beaten here and now I stand here today as a U.S.
In theory, the reforms will include these steps: *Making the army more professional, by turning its focus back to military preparedness, and away from money-making.
Fridays and Saturdays at 9 P.M. Cover: $20, plus the cost of dinner.
But Ms. Cummings creates the sense of an almost filmic sweep of history, stuffed with fleeting suggestions of individual tales, that is unusual in dance today.
In Lebanon it is said to command several hundred members.
''It was totally his decision,'' said La Russa, the St. Louis Cardinals manager.
In the new Parliament there will be at least 38 parties, none with anything close to a majority.
But he was also a poet obsessed with Elizabethan literature, particularly Christopher Marlowe's ''Tamburlaine the Great.''
To her I say: 'I'm old, white and Jewish.
But many others said that their deep personal connections and an unshakable commitment to Ms. Gordon's vision would help Ganas weather her death.
In a civilian workplace, Colonel Bush said, such an employee might be rebuked, docked pay or even dismissed.
''LOST IN SPACE,'' starring William Hurt, Mimi Rogers, Heather Graham, Matt LeBlanc, Gary Oldman, Lacey Chabert and Jack Johnson.
It might be said that there is courage in filming one's parents half-naked in the shower (''What difficult work it is to wash a hippopotamus!''
Mr. Churchwell's wife, Julie Metz, pitched in with a pear tart festooned with a bit of rosemary.
(Cirque du Soleil has no clowns, it has ''characters.'')
''We didn't cause Con Ed's financial problems,'' Mr. Levinson said.
''I've seen gunfire, fights and I've even seen people lying there, bleeding to death.
We have three proposals out for shelter, water andsanitation and for mobile medical clinics; altogether they are worth about $2.8 million.
The board gave the owners of commercial property in a 1.5-square-mile area around Main Street the zoning that allowed them to convert the second and third floors of their buildings into residential-studio space for artists, as long as occupants were tied to the production of art.
But the other bailouts the I.M.F.
Toward the end of a performance on Wednesday night, the singers Gilberto Santa Rosa and Victor Manuelle came out to perform a duet on one of Mr. Manuelle's songs.
Yielding to heirs' concerns that other artists are trading on Calder's reputation, museum shops are removing mobiles like this one.
On Wednesday night at 10:30, that veil will be lifted with the club's consent as Comedy Central, the cable channel, presents an hour of excerpts from its roast of Drew Carey early this month.
Bolton-St. John's,which is named for the streets in Brooklyn where Mr. Miller and Mr. Adler grew up, saw its business more than double and its client list grow from 17 to 27.
Daddy and Carter within us always.
So it is not surprising that many in the industry have taken a more active role in politics by giving money, expressing their opinions to the public and trying to influence the electorate.
In recent years, low attendance has undermined the Expos, who have developed some of the best players in the majors who no longer play for them.
1 More Khmer Rouge Defections Two of the last three aides of the late Khmer Rouge leader, Pol Pot, have emerged from their hideouts in the hope of becoming ''ordinary citizens,'' the Government said.
''I give him every benefit of the doubt,'' she said, but added, ''We'll wait for the evidence to come in and make a judgment.''
Check Dinosaur State Park in Rocky HIll, and certainly the Peabody.
During the 70's he was host of a radio program on WBAI-FM called ''Up Against the Wailing Wall,'' which dealt with Jewish issues.
Mr. Weinstein, who will begin working as acting commissioner on Dec. 7, said that his top priorities would include carrying out the EZ-Pass system on New Jersey highways, advancing construction of a light rail rapid transit project in Bergen and Hudson Counties, and improving the service of New Jersey Transit trains and buses.
The site consists of a large circular room housing 25 latrines and an adjoining rectangular room that served as the brothel.
Spread them out in a warm, dry area for at least a couple of weeks.
The best of them was the domain of Homer Phinney, a sly Cape Cod type who ran a flea market in his garage, numbered every item on sale, made up wild stories about each one and collected them in a ratty old file, each with a number corresponding to an item.
Betty Ramey of Brookfield takes the insides of household machines, such as telephones and computers, and assembles them to make sculptures that sometimes, as with a primitive-looking mask, make paradoxical references to their high-tech origin.
Better and better with each fall of the yen, say market watchers.
The association recently renovated parts of the seminary complex for clubhouse and recreational facilities.
Others are attracted to the sirens, revolving lights and fast equipment streaking down the road or they find the rigors of the drill a personal challenge.
WARREN STRUGATCH Valley Stream, N.Y., Aug. 4, 1998
In 1996, Washington moved its primary to March 26, also from May, and now its Secretary of State, Ralph Munro, has asked the official commission that sets the primary date to make it coincide with California's.
A pale blue leather jacket went over a metallic lace dress.
as a nonprofit, or 501C3, corporation, Karin Gross, an I.R.S.
Dr. Middlesworth, 37, graduated from Dartmouth College and received a medical degree from the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey.
Scott Padgett led Kentucky with 13 points, Michael Bradley had 12 and Wayne Turner and Ryan Hogan 11 each.
Nevertheless, Shigeno Ichimura's ''Nine,'' a grouping of rust-stained canvases that are bland in reproduction, comes to life when confronted in person.
Charlie will be missed by all who knew him as he was always ready to greet people with a broad smile, a tall pint of Guinness and a witty joke.
George E. Pataki wants to help the small farmers, he should consider alternatives that provide aid for small dairy farms without hurting low-income consumers and enriching the large, profitable farms.
''Many people fear an extension will invite an audit, but statistics have shown that is only a myth,'' Mr. Neumark said.
For their part, Mr. Rubin and Mr. Greenspan, speaking frequently by phone and at their weekly breakfast meetings in Washington, are choosing their words with extraordinary care.
A17 Kurd Separatist Seeks Asylum Turkey's most wanted man, the Kurdish separatist leader Abdullah Ocalan, asked Russia for political asylum.
In Jersey City the focus of luxury residential development is still the waterfront because there is enough vacant land left to develop and it is where the city's high-rise zoning is in place, said Robert Cotter, the city's planning director.
As Mr. Hocks gets the Alte Oper on its feet, William Forsythe is about to take over the TAT, which he hopes to build up into the kind of avant-garde center it used to be under Tom Stromberg in the 1980's (with, of course, a special emphasis on dance).
From 1973 through 1977, the dogs beat the Dow average by 10 or 20 percentage points a year.
In the first few days of many years past, investors have bought back shares of smaller-company stocks that they had sold in previous months to realize losses for tax purposes.
The buildings will have a Victorian theme with front porches.
Its air may be as polluted as ours, but not with hypocrisy.
Like Cuba, I'm raising my hands to whatever, government or God, and I'm imploring.
''By his actions,'' he writes of the President, ''we are witnessing an assault on American ideals.''
Sprinkle with sugar, salt and balsamic vinegar.
The Long Island Expressway is Ms. Russo's domain.
Invite Gates-san To Endow a Chair In the 80's, Japanese companies couldn't spend enough money on American campuses.
Until a general repaving of the area much later, one could still see the distinct spot in the ground where the horse trough had stood.
Leaders of the country's main paramilitary groups also promised to avoid attacks on civilians and the recruitment of children, and to treat rebel prisoners humanely.
To an audience of 8-year-olds, the multiplication table might qualify as news.
The board and Jerry have the responsibility of looking at the C.E.O.
Computers split data into smaller chunks to share the conduits that make up networks more efficiently.
In his answers to the Press Association questions, William showed an awareness of the power of a royal endorsement, declining to name what brand of junk food appealed to him or which rock groups he liked, saying only that he leaned toward ''techno music.''
Most other major cities also have computer dispatching systems, which police commanders use to assign their resources more efficiently and to provide responding officers with information about previous calls from the same address.
Furthermore, the projected surpluses are both small and uncertain.
The first cabin to gather at morning and evening lineup gets to raise or lower the flag to a scratchy record playing reveille or ''Taps.''
MDU Resources will also assume some Morse Brothers liabilities.
We haven't broken a lot of long runs but that's how it's going to be.
They would serve their boss better by finding some way of sensible retreat.
But the Democratic offensive, with Mr. Clinton and his wife, Hillary Rodham Clinton, leading the charge, did not sit well with all Democrats, some of whom worried about antagonizing the very members of Congress who will decide the issue.
To the Editor: Your Nov. 6 editorial ''Helping the Hurricane Victims'' reminded us that ''disaster relief is often a political event in Latin America.''
The Irish Republican Army, which has been observing a cease-fire for 13 months, often hit economic targets in the middle of business districts in mainly Protestant towns, but only after giving the police accurate information on the time and place.
Commission officials quietly rebutted press reports on Friday that UIP was suspected of an anti-competitive practice known as block- booking.
On Sunday, the Derens transformed the darkest, coldest events that can befall parents -- the deaths of two of their children in the course of one year -- into a memorial meant to celebrate, not mourn.
Stewart & Stevenson Services Inc., a maker of Army trucks and aircraft ground servicing equipment, agreed to buy the closely held TUG Manufacturing Corporation for an undisclosed amount to expand its airline services business.
The third-down play that Pittsburgh will remember most came with two minutes remaining and Denver at its own 15.
An extensive ''Dilbert'' Web site was built a few years after that (www.dilbert.com).
Governor Whitman criticized the recommendations.
''I don't think that's a good situation.
At the Y, a Democratic mom was denouncing the tactics of the Republican Congressional majority as absurd when a Republican mom butted in to echo the call for impeachment.
Good California berries, the ones we are seeing now in the markets, are never as lushly sweet and fragrant as the local crop.
'' The battle got nastier recently when the World Council of Churches, which is to meet here in December, invited Galz to join its human rights session.
He estimated that reducing the cycle to 30 months shaved about 12 percent off the cost of developing a new vehicle, which translates into tens of millions of dollars.
In lieu of flowers, donations in Father Shannon's memory may be made to the Shrine of the Infant Jesus of Prague, St. Mary Priory, 5 Hill House Ave., New Haven, CT 06505-1202.
''To me, McGwire has brought back a lot of interest in baseball,'' he said.
CBS and ABC, armed with increasing evidence of raging box-office returns, wanted to know how NBC could steal the film for $30 million when neither of them even got a phone call from Paramount.
Lest crowd members equivocate in their view of him, Mr. Barry spent long moments reminding them of his triumphs.
But first, the system asked if I wanted to back up the files on my hard drive.
But they would be able to sue only for death, dismemberment, significant disfigurement, displaced fractures, loss of a fetus or a permanent injury.
The bill would give the taxpayer 30 days to request an appeal, and would bar the agency from taking action until after the hearing.
But scholars cite two reasons why he may have preferred to let his late father retain the post.
Hours: Wednesdays through Fridays, 11 A.M. to 4 P.M.; Saturdays, 1 to 4 P.M. 440 River Road, North Branch.
But they're ready now, and it's David who will lead them into the sunset.
Only the local sheriff's department keeps close tabs anymore.
THE second-largest Fidelity fund, Growth and Income, has not joined the stock-shedding party.
The dinner menu includes some midsize courses, which are less expensive and less ambitious but only slightly smaller than the main courses.
Against this background, the OIC considered the January 1998 allegations that: (i) Ms. Lewinsky was prepared to lie in order to benefit the President, and (ii) Vernon Jordan was assisting Ms. Lewinsky in the Jones litigation, while simultaneously helping her apply for a private-sector job with, among others, Revlon, Inc. Based in part on these similarities, the OIC undertook a preliminary investigation.
''Once I got the time-management part straightened out,'' he said, ''I did all right.
Don't forget leftovers: this is a perfect place for a bit of chopped chicken or some vegetables.
He says he routinely leaves a 20 percent tip at restaurants near the Upper East Side apartment he shares with his second wife, Mimi, and their two young sons -- because, he says, he remembers that ''it's not easy schlepping those heavy trays back and forth.''
His menu will also include a seafood chorba soup, fish with harissa vinaigrette and, eventually, brik and seafood couscous.
Mr. Lukashenko said the countries ''will remain sovereign states,'' but that they would share a parliament and would jointly conduct foreign policy, defense policy and customs services.
In the final scene, a bird who was hit by a car has completed its healing process at Green Chimneys and is released, soaring high and free.
Several contingents of Republicans want any surplus allocated to tax cuts.
Though a lot of teams would love to score 21 points in a half, the Broncos' offense looked sluggish.
With 656.3 million shares outstanding, at the end of the first quarter, Chrysler, and its acquisition, would therefore be valued at $39 billion.
''It contains many tables of numbers, but it wasn't quite clear what you were supposed to do with them.
Perhaps the only thing certain about life after Fresh Kills is that it will be expensive: Mr. Chalfen said exporting residential trash will cost the city up to $250 million more each year.
Silvio Berlusconi, the flamboyant media tycoon and former Prime Minister, was convicted by a Milan jury today of making illegal political donations and was given a sentence of two years and four months, as well as a $5.6 million fine.
The 49ers were eager to acquire Brown because of the sudden retirement of Kirk Scrafford with a neck injury and the uncertain future of Harris Barton, who missed last season with a knee injury.
The Gross National Product only measures paid market activities.
An event seen on ESPN and ESPN2 late at night, it features burly Icelanders and others lifting barrels and dragging anchors in races against the clock.
Not at all, said Doug Flutie, the nimble quarterback, who threw for two more touchdowns.
This work, performed by the four sterling actors who created their roles for the Druid Theater Company in Galway, Ireland, is on many levels an old-fashioned, well-made play.
The same mortgage at 8 percent would cost $1,458, a difference of $80 a month.
''This fight will be called 'Kings' Crowning Glory,' '' King blared.
Mr. Barnicle was forced to resign after he failed to establish the existence of two young cancer patients who were the subjects of a moving column in 1995.
Brind'Amour won a faceoff against Dan Kesa on a power play at 15:38 of the third and Eric Desjardins' shot from the point deflected past Tom Barrasso.
After grilling Mr. Markham and other executives, moreover, many analysts concluded that the drug company would not meet its long-stated goal of generating a 20 percent profit margin in 1999.
''He's doing his job,'' Mendoza said, ''and I'm doing mine.''
No less confounding is the economic crisis, which derives from Communism's most enduring legacy, the world's largest-ever Rust Belt.
PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH OF TEANECK Incognito presents ''The Nerd,'' by Larry Shue.
Tonal radiance is also a feature of Arthur Wesley Dow's view of marshlands in Ipswich, Mass., shortly after the turn of the century.
An air-conditioner is out of the question.
Yet yesterday he criticized the bill for having grown like Topsy, completely ignoring the fact that Republican amendments contributed to the situation he was deploring.
And despite her obvious hard work, her campaign, late in the game, still displays rough edges that have hurt her attempts to draw attention to her appearances and ideas.
He said that in the past, having his mother in the house had been manageable.
Aetna has 13.7 million health insurance customers.
insignia, and the rooms are decorated with the university's pennants and bumper stickers.
Aside from an upset and surprise here and there (Andre Braugher finally getting his due for ''Homicide,'' Garry Shandling winning some long overdue recognition for writing ''Larry Sanders,'' David Letterman re-emerging as a winner in the variety category), the show is full of predictable moments and speeches from people who gave pretty much the same speech several times before.
It is well past noon and the 286 Manhattan office workers have been kept in their chairs all morning with another four hours to go.
''There are concerns about the impact from such a facility on a strictly residential neighborhood,'' he added.
Not only is she tired of learning of plane crashes and the Washington soap opera, but there have been frailties closer to home.
They are negotiating for the corner space at 101 West 57th Street (Avenue of the Americas) that housed Wolf's Delicatessen.
''The peace process should be accelerated so these things don't happen again,'' she said.
We're doing everything we can to avert the humanitarian disaster.
The first minutes of his ''Monster Suite,'' the opening dance in Mr. Cardona's ''Altogether Different'' program on Saturday night at the Joyce Theater, build inexorably toward a purely physical climax.
In Michigan, the Posse has built a cult and a commercial empire with a label (Psychopathic Records) and a merchandising arm to rival the New Kids on the Block.
In 1986, Rehr joined the National Federation of Independent Business, where he honed his lobbying skills and antigovernment creed.
''The gap is so unfathomable between a 21-year-old intern and a man more than twice her age who is not only the President but a man of famous charisma.
PERCHED on a platform that extends like a diving board from this wind-whipped ridge 9,200 feet above sea level, between the foothills of the Sacramento Mountains and the close night sky, the new Sloan Telescope hardly looks imposing.
And not one of the Democratic gubernatorial candidates questioned her statement.
''The barrio raised the old-timers decent -- it was very tight, everybody looked after each others' kids,'' she said, motioning to the group of five old-timers' wives with whom she stood.
Soon after, I saw my modem's speed jump to well above 50 kilobits per second.
More enigmatic is the role played by Paulo Maluf, a former Mayor and Governor of Sao Paulo, the country's largest city and state.
Whatever the interpretation, the choreography does not use gestures but focuses on permutations of movement in repetitive structures common to minimalist dance and music.
E.A.I., founded in 1971, carries 2,000 titles by 175 artists, selling them for $45 to $1,500.
''It's my ideal,'' he said, blushing.
''First,'' he says in a hushed voice to his best friend, Tommy, ''it gets really, really cold.
Their faith apparently intact, despite the long hours and decades of failure, the alien hunters are planning in their spare time a new generation of strategies and gear.
In addition to the Dentsu agency, which works for clients like Honda and Sony, Dentsu has a joint-venture shop with Young & Rubicam Inc. known as DY& R. Dentsu and Burnett share clients like Coca-Cola, Philip Morris and Procter & Gamble, but an alliance would ''not be a merger, a joint venture or a pooling of assets,'' Mr. Fizdale said.
In February 1997 in Bethel, Alaska, a boy armed with a 12-gauge shotgun that had been kept unlocked around the home killed a popular athlete, fired shots at random and then tracked and killed the principal.
A veteran tenor advised him: ''Flatter all the time, flatter shamelessly, never ask if you're overdoing it, because that's not possible, go on flattering.''
The numbers of cases brought under the law has grown from about 13,000 in 1990 to 51,370 in 1995 and an estimated 100,000 last year, Professor Pei said.
''Sometimes they increase speed, because drivers accelerate to make the light.
''If he just acknowledges that she has immunity,'' the lawyer said, ''he can debrief her for days, weeks, months, whatever.''
''She's traumatized,'' said Ms. Rodriguez, 21.
The defensive end recently went to the Pro Bowl for a record 12th consecutive year.
Ruby Dee most certainly belongs in the latter category.
Mr. Pataki has collected more than $20 million for his current campaign.
Pete Wilson signs a bill just sent to him by the California Legislature, the 2000 Presidential primary in the nation's most populous state will be held on March 7 instead of in early June, as in most years past.
''In an industry where the main qualification for an editorial position is a TV Guide subscription, Michael is deep, erudite, informed and interesting,'' said John Brockman, an agent who has negotiated deals with Mr. Naumann.
Today, nobody has the time.''
A resident of Manhattan, Mrs. Waddell was a business woman who was active in many Catholic charities.
And I knew these boys.''
''It was before a game and Sammy and I looked at each other,'' McGwire said, ''and I guess we both thought, 'All right, all the cameras are around, let's make them happy.'
The last two women's Olympic champions, Oksana Baiul and Tara Lipinski, renounced their Olympic eligibility at ages 16 and 15, respectively.
John Calley was promoted to chairman and chief executive of Sony Pictures Entertainment.
The independent counsel spent millions of dollars pursuing his case.
Unfortunately, we all have to go to work tomorrow.
The battle might never have been remembered had the Persians succeeded in conquering Greece.
But before sending a new check, the Kimeses moved to Las Vegas and Sante Kimes began calling the dealership to complain.
People yell to friends across the street.
High rents and disagreements with the landlord forced the store to close, said Tommy Fennell, one of the two owners.
Usher, a Unitarian-Universalist minister, performed the ceremony at the Church of Christ in Mount Washington, Mass.
In New York, for example, in the last year, 79 asylum seekers out of 373 have been paroled from the detention center in Queens, said Mark Thorn, a spokesman for the New York district of the I.N.S.
Hertzberg, in his new book, ''Jews,'' writes, ''As she inhaled in the Zyklon-B, in the gas chamber, did Edith Stein really think that she was dying as a sacrifice for the church?''
We don't just drive by things, plop you off the bus, and say, ''Here it is, go to it, enjoy.''
We offer our heartfelt condolences to his family.
Though the idea has been raised in New York, J. D. LaRock, a spokesman for the New York City Schools Chancellor, Rudy Crew, said officials had no plans to consider such a requirement.
All the plants in those gardens are meticulously labeled, and many can be purchased in the nursery.
Having earned this peak, I felt in a separate, parallel universe from these people.
She was dead within half an hour.
While a Cathay spokesman declined to confirm the dismissals, two junior executives in different departments said they had been warned to expect cuts.
The couple found a manufacturer who produces hot tubs in a taste-delinquent turquoise.
The Nets struggled early tonight against the Bucks.
Relatives of prisoners also demonstrated at the inauguration of the new Palestinian airport in the Gaza Strip last Tuesday, waving black flags.
(Who was the shortest player in National Football League history?
The themes to which he returned in interview after interview after his victory Sunday were twofold.
Where the menu occasionally errs is in using too many different components in a particular dish.
Most of the men were annihilated by the exploitation and the enslaved work they could not resist and the women turned into pleasure objects or domestic slaves.
This ceramic menorah is $85 at the Jewish Museum's Cooper Shop, 1109 Fifth Avenue (92d Street).
He co-produced, co-wrote, directed and stars in the movie.
Marshals,'' ''The Fan'' and ''Drop Zone.''
He said he put up with the long, miserable hours in the subway cars, the lies and beatings because he had nowhere to run to and he feared deportation.
And, as Judge Higginbotham said, it has been too willing to liken an impeachment of a President to a perjury conviction by a basketball coach.
She graduated cum laude from Tufts University.
Sunday will be the first 36-hole day on the PGA Tour since last year's Honda Classic in March.
This time, Hostetler, the 37-year-old quarterback who was unhappy as a third-string presence with Washington, is gone for the season after he apparently reinjured his right knee while on the sideline during the game at Seattle on Sunday.
Fear that the central bank would take such a step had been coursing through the market since Monday, when The Wall Street Journal reported that Fed policy makers favored raising rates.
As a result, the top revenue-making team in the N.F.L.
In fact, Wagner the dramatist feeds on his capacity to inhabit each of his creations.
Since getting a job at the local post office, he has spent most of his free time reading other people's mail and musing about their lives.
Dan Tirelli, a union financial secretary in Queens, said, ''We are backing him, and as the facts unfold, I believe you'll see why.''
So precipitous was the decline that by the time the state approved a license for the Casino Queen to open in 1993, few residents fervently opposed bringing legalized gambling to their community.
And then Yoshii (5-8) ran into trouble for the first time.
At a recent meeting, one woman described Mr. Creech as ''a beautiful man of Christ'' who ''was sent here for a purpose, for all of us to be tested.''
Virtually every one of Ms. Valencia's lieutenants were women, and some of those women brought their daughters into the operation, the indictment says.
Boubacar Aw had 14 points and 10 rebounds while Kenny Brunner added 13 points and 9 assists for Georgetown (9-5 over all, 3-4 Big East), which snapped a two-game losing streak.
Such a proceeding would be against the President in his official capacity, represented in that matter by the Counsel to the President.
His films, considered hip, do well abroad.
The volume probably won't be up in the fourth quarter.''
It should fix this inequity by allowing states to use some Federal money to improve Amtrak service.
In unsealing the charges against Mr. Salim, who is being held in Germany pending his extradition.
''This decision we understand was taken by the chairman of Unscom without duly consulting the Secretary General and the Security Council.''
The layout is clean and logical.
A Carlisle, Pa., native, Anderson graduated from Ursinus College in 1954.
Growth has picked up again and, while there are not many new jobs, at least the unrelenting rise in unemployment appears to have abated.
You want to be contemporary.
In some quarters the developments were described as a legal shot-in-the-arm that was nearly as important as the public-relations success Mr. Clinton scored with his commanding delivery of the State of the Union Message.
Models of Chartres Cathedral in France, King's College Chapel in Cambridge, England, and the Piazza di Spagna in Rome can be found on the list, along with many others.
And in ''Rake: The Challenge,'' he describes the trials of trying to quit smoking.
Applying pressure on the Administration to forcefully criticize Beijing's human rights record, House and Senate committees today approved non-binding resolutions urging the Administration to denounce China's abuses in Geneva.
The renovation of Times Square has also had an effect, he said.
''How can it be criminal in a state with legalized gambling?''
Pataki aides and legislative leaders worked out the last details in private talks Thursday night, and lawmakers barely had time to peruse the bill before voting.
How could he do this to me?
Or, the devices could be disconnected.
3 8 THE SEAT OF THE SOUL, by Gary Zukav.
Mr. Ashqar said he believed that the attempt to force him to testify was simply governmental harassment directed at him and at Palestinians in general because of religious and political beliefs.
This vision, generally known as the ''Ecstasy of St. Teresa,'' is presented by Bernini as an intimate encounter between an adolescent angel and a youthfully glamorous version of the old Carmelite nun.
He served on many committees and panels, including one formed to study the use and protection of milk products; its main goal was to regulate the sale of yellow oleomargarine.
And Mr. Fisher has opposed recent efforts to tighten the state's workers compensation laws, initiatives supported by Mr. Taft.
A Federal jury in Kansas awarded more than $66 million yesterday to 1,900 assistant college coaches whose salaries were found to have been illegally restricted by the National Collegiate Athletic Association.
''I just make sure David doesn't spend all the money we don't have -- and my job is the daily nuts and bolts of running the Emelin -- and I like my role here in a support capacity.
''Circus Amok:'' Directed by Jennifer Miller, performances will be held in Tomkins Square Park, Prospect Park, Pier 54, Coney Island, Fort Green Park, Riverside Park, Padre Plaza, Martin Luther King Park, Van Cortland Park, Washington Plaza and other public spaces.
In the month since sales opened, contracts have been signed on four units and are pending on three others, said Louise Sunshine, president of the Sunshine Group Ltd., a residential brokerage concern and the project's exclusive sales agent.
SAFEWAY Ammaccapane Edges Klein Danielle Ammaccapane shot an even-par 72 to hold off Emilee Klein by one stroke and win the LPGA Safeway Golf Championship in Portland, Ore. Klein, who began the round three shots behind Ammaccapane, tied her with a birdie 4 on the 501-yard 10th hole that left both players at 11-under par.
Terms of the contract were not released, but the pact includes a buyout of the remaining four years on his Longhorn contract.
In calling for the removal of Mr. Nixon, Mr. Danielson made what an article in The New York Times said at the time was ''the most forceful argument'' for the abuse of power article of impeachment.
18), with the Orchestra of St. Luke's, Peter Oundjian, conducting, at 8:30 P.M.
Glenn E. Murray, a lawyer for the Womenservices clinic, said: ''When people from out of town show up, that is when we feel the most danger.
Tellem said he hoped to raise between $1 million and $2 million from broadcast rights and the sale of tickets.
He said Assistant Chief Herbert R. Faust of the Nassau police, a graduate of the F.B.I.
Mr. Harper used the sound of wood on metal drum rims, or sticks on sticks.
The Cendant Corporation, the franchiser and direct-marketing company stung by accounting fraud, named new managers yesterday for the division where the fraud occurred.
From Mr. Fromholz came a love of paradox and the humor of choruses like ''I gave her a ring/She gave me the finger.''
''That could take him to a chance to get his 20th,'' Torre said, ''but that's not our focus.
There were no great heroics on the field for Mike Piazza yesterday, no home runs, no runs batted in.
Although they usually continue to collect rent in bankruptcy proceedings, they worry that a change in the mix of stores could weaken the financial performance in their investment.
Hours: Mondays through Fridays, 9 A.M. to 9 P.M.; Saturdays, 9 A.M. to 5 P.M. Broadway and Memorial Drive, Paterson.
With more than 100 paintings, roughly half from each country, the show, ''New Worlds From Old: 19th-Century Australian and American Landscapes,'' draws on the collections of 32 American, 11 Australian and 2 European museums and galleries.
Leaders of the 15 European Union countries today put off until next year decisions on changing budget and decision-making procedures to prepare for the admission of formerly Communist nations.
''Everyone used to say we would be loaded with new jobs, but they would all be unskilled and low wage,'' Mr. Kanas said.
Devoted mother of Joan and Cappy Riemer, and Linda and Mel Radner.
A statement from the President's office said Mr. Moi would appoint a tribunal to ''inquire into the proper performance'' of the corruption authority.
Mayor Malloy, who recently began a second term, did not return telephone calls about the hotel proposal.
ON a muggy August day, two 8-year-old boys stand shoulder-deep in water, waiting for the next wave so they can bodysurf to shore.
Mr. Vallone's hopes were buoyed two weeks ago when a State Supreme Court judge in the Bronx, Douglas E. McKeon, agreed with a Council suit that accused the Mayor's commission of failing its legal duty to review the entire charter.
''Azadho is like all of those other organizations out there complaining -- they are opponents,'' said Abdoulaye N. Yerodia, Mr. Kabila's cabinet director.
''But it's a tactic to get the other side to return with a counterproposal, or for him to revisit with another idea.''
Heat the oil in a heat-proof casserole large enough to hold the meat snugly in a single layer.
It began on Feb. 19, when the sheik went to Cairo for medical treatment.
The financial panic that struck Russia today had distinctly Russian causes: the Government cannot collect taxes, it suffers from an economy that is nearly moribund and it has an untested new economic team.
In its free-flowing vamps, its crests and quiet places, the music found serenity amid constant change, the patient determination that Mr. Callier upholds.
Arche Rand uses near neon colors to spell out the names of classic rock and roll performers.
''They are the defending champions, and they play together, something you don't often see in this league, or even in the playoffs.''
But, according to Officer Maher, from 1989 to last year, even when they worked at different precincts, Lieutenant Monahan continued to proposition her, although he knew she was married to a department detective, Stephen Gurniak.
It has Jamal Anderson as the featured back and the second-year player Byron Hanspard as a weapon.
Plus, he said, ''It's anti-folk.''
Nothing -- morning, noon or night.
She has been awarded many honors and fellowships, including the H. L. Mencken Award in 1995 and the National Magazine Award for the best article on United States public policy in 1994.
But next door, at 443 Broadway, a women's clothing designer has already moved in.
America has no City of Light, no cathedrals for the ages.
''We have been an investor in Blackstone funds for a number of years,'' Mr. Greenberg said, adding that A.I.G.
Have you ever thought of suing Samsung Electronics in America?
The Mariners signed him to a minor league contract a year ago, and he won a job in their rotation.
Mr. Burwell is approaching foundations for other projects, including one to help people start their own businesses.
While there could be some merit in the idea, he said, ''we need to move on it soon or not at all.''
He has never seen the woman since, though their work still requires them to phone each other often.
Had my former company limited my own business exposure to what women had traditionally done, I'd never have succeeded in senior management.
Generally, the 3,000 Protestant parades held each summer celebrate the victory at the Battle of the Boyne in 1690 of the Protestant William of Orange over his father-in-law, King James II.
True, Mr. Motion provides valuable perspective by reminding us how Keats came of age during the Industrial Revolution and the Napoleonic wars, when England felt pressures for social reform from both within and without.
ALMOST from the moment the compact disk was introduced in 1983, engineers have searched for ways to improve its sound.
Mr. Baker agreed, saying: ''He set parameters.
We want them to build their academies and schools because they employ lots of people here.''
It's gotten a little worse.
Spring rolls are so delicate you tend to forget that they are fried.
Mrs. Bissell, 44, is currently serving a 27-month Federal prison sentence after being found guilty along with her husband of defrauding a business partner by skimming profits from a gas station and of not paying taxes on the money.
Meanwhile, Devils Coach Jacques Lemaire was doing his own kind of knocking, but it didn't involve a wooden object.
I told them to surprise me.''
This week, the audience-chorus sings the Mozart Requiem under Judith Clurman.
If you have the exception of Carter, then Pierce was the most obscure.
That claim could not be substantiated.
He, a longtime Westchester Democrat known for breaking the rules, won his first elected office as a County Legislator and became Supervisor of Greenburgh seven years ago.
Tommie Holmes, the Craighead County juvenile probation officer, was dismissive of the possibility of gang membership.
Records Set on Technology Rally I.B.M.
Charlie Ferguson, a 32-year-old paramedic, described a usual day: ''We sit, we eat, we get fat.''
TENAFLY MIDDLE SCHOOL The North Jersey Symphony Orchestra with Mary Kay Binder, violinist, in music of Lalo, Grieg and Bizet.
It is as sure a sign of springtime as tulips or the sun itself: ice cream trucks lumbering down streets in towns and cities across America, crooning a mating call of carnival tunes that send anyone under the age of 12 (and, admit it, some older folks) scurrying to catch a creamy taste of heaven.
Only about 30,000 of the 118 million individual returns filed wind up in tax court, and few of the taxpayers who fight that long are impoverished widows.
In falling from the pinnacle of power, Mr. D'Amato carried both Long Island counties, but by margins that showed his appeal had faded on his home turf.
He feigned sex with his backup singers; he rubbed his codpiece.
Chicken Little would love this one.
The play follows three generations of black women fighting prejudice in 1930's South Carolina.
Toward the end of his life, he celebrated the completion of his ninth cycle of Daf Yomi.
In the National's Lyttelton auditorium there is a play, or rather a stage adaptation of a well-known book, that is also much concerned with teachers and pupils, parent figures and those they influence.
There is no comparable proposal to allow shareholders to give approval of corporate spending on politicians, most of whom happen to be Republicans.
At first, it appeared to enjoy wide public support.
Back as far as 1960, as the genial gossip columnist in Fellini's star-making ''La Dolce Vita,'' he was 36 going on 65 -- a disenchanted observer of the ''scene,'' too jaded to rise to the occasional invitation to become a human being again.
Trouble ensues when Gold decides to end their ''affair'' by marrying a vulnerable American -- and he discovers that volumes 35 and 36 of his diary have disappeared.
Forget that the Red Sox are due in New York next weekend for another four cracks at the 33-10 Yankees, that they did not pitch Pedro Martinez in this series and were without their young star shortstop, Nomar Garciaparra.
He also sat on a high-level commission that considered the cases of American prisoners of war who made false confessions to war crimes, like germ warfare, after months of interrogation by their North Korean captors -- the so-called brainwashing issue.
But he acknowledged that he thought The Daily News would benefit from the valley's becoming a separate city, saying the newspaper would automatically become the paper of record.
If the tobacco settlement comes together, Mr. Clinton would have a good shot at enacting at least some of his spending proposals, few of which Republicans would want to be on record as voting against.
Even the sprig of lime mint impressed, and I asked the waiter how it could be so small, yet fresh and unbruised.
The group changes regularly until Mr. Giuffre finds his perfect band, with Jim Hall on guitar and Ralph Pena on bass.
Care for Children and Families JUNE 11 -- Graham-Windham Services to Families and Children, a child-care agency, will honor Marian S. Heiskell at a dinner and dance at the Plaza.
''Then my own vocation became self-fulfilling.''
Inside the church Mr. Jackson arrived to a standing ovation after he first paid a brief visit to Mr. Byrd's family.
It is particularly critical to record these memories while they are still vivid for Holocaust survivors, who are advancing in age, Mr. Grellert said.
The idea was so preposterous that it hadn't even occurred: What do you do for an encore after playing virtually all the organ works of Bach?
Now it's nearly 20 years later and the operating system has gotten bigger and more complicated and more useful and more expensive.
Executives are concerned about ''brand equity,'' about the league's role in the new world order, its market share of the future.
That skepticism flows directly from the war in Vietnam, of course (reinforced by the Watergate years).
For example, Mr. Starr concludes that the President ''orchestrated'' the concealment of gifts he had given Ms. Lewinsky, a question on which the evidence is certainly suggestive but not conclusive.
Now, hot sauce is a $180 million a year business, and there are more than a thousand on the market, not all of them genteel.
Other parts of the program include stepped-up safety inspections, increased scrutiny for people seeking a school bus operator's license, and surprise inspections to check bus drivers' efforts to prevent children from being forgotten on buses after daily runs are completed.
The roti, ultra-thin layers of dough freshly baked into flat bread, is served with a richly complex, peppery chicken-and-meat stock full of curry spices and chunks of potato and chicken.
At the weigh-in last week for his first fight in Bangkok, he burst out crying when ordered to strip naked.
Boras countered: ''I think we filed a very conservative number.''
Midwood's offense revolved around Keston Cudjoe (13 carries for 83 yards, 1 touchdown) and Milton Sears (82-yard touchdown run).
Warnings of the dreaded ''Manhattanization'' of downtown can again be heard.
But she managed to leave with six or seven pieces, including a polka-dot 1950's dress, a beaded sweater from the 20's and an organza shirt with intricate pleating.
''One said it's a good block,'' he recalled.
It is decorated with old posters for nickel-and-dime candy bars.
The only way to understand the long-term effects of such technologies will be over time.
Albert Belle homered for the seventh time in six games for the White Sox, who have won four of five.
She never pretended to have more than she did, she added, primarily because she thought that her classmates would see through her and that she would gain stature by owning up to her reduced circumstances.
As in previous years, a handful of foreign teachers from places like Germany and Switzerland traveled to New York on their own this summer and found jobs in the system, which is seeking to fill 300 vacancies before school opens.
''In a city like L.A., where your beauty is your currency, everyone wanted to get in with Art, just to make sure that when the moment arrived, they'd be able to get an appointment.''
Shortly after Ms. Bhutto returned as Prime Minister in 1993, a Pakistani bullion trader in Dubai, Abdul Razzak Yaqub, proposed a deal: in return for a license to import gold, Mr. Razzak would help the Government regularize the trade.
''The Truman Show,'' which tells such an engrossing story that it amounts to the best virtual beach book of the season, draws its suspense from Truman's rising disillusionment and anger.
Water taxi service from the World Financial Center will be available.
(There are no such limitations on his final report.)
MONDAY Xerox Corp TUESDAY Bank New York Inc Diebold Inc International Paper Proctor & Gamble WEDNESDAY AAR Corp Bard C R Inc Caterpillar Inc Firstenergy Corp Heilig Meyers Co Rohm & Haas Co Sears Roebuck & Co Shelby Williams Inds Walgreen Co THURSDAY Amsouth Bancorporation Arco Chem Co Black & Decker Corp Coca Cola Co Eastern Utils Assoc Eaton Vance Corp Equitable Res Inc Firstar Corp NEW Fort James Corp Gillette Co IBP Inc Standard Register Texas Instr Inc Thomas Inds Inc Union Planters Corp Weyerhaeuser Co FRIDAY Baltimore Gas & Elec Barnes Group Inc Dominion Res Inc VA Donnelly Corp Flowers Inds Inc Lyondell Chemical Transtechnology Twin Disc Inc
Although the exhibition -- organized by Babcock and the Ackland Art Museum at the University of North Carolina -- presents only 25 works, it includes paintings from most of the important phases of this great American modernist's career.
This collection was an unremarkable excursion into soft dresses and relaxed matching pieces.
New York, epicenter of the money culture, seemed to set rates a tier higher than most other locales: The $100 that is an acceptable wedding gift in Seattle or Memphis may be short by as much as $150 in Manhattan.
Aaron Glenn, whose 104-yard return of a missed field-goal attempt for a touchdown appeared to be a knockout blow for the Jets, said the defeat was a loss, not a statement from an oracle.
Crime is down, the economy is up, and while other matters need urgent attention -- the poor conditions of schools, for example -- Mr. Giuliani assures us that he can do many things at once.
Mr. Colvin thought the work to develop disease-resistant oysters offered the best potential for success.
''What he did is what he did.''
Ms. McCaughey Ross, by contrast, vowed to fight on no matter what.
Navy deep sea divers recovered the cockpit voice recorder from Swissair Flight 111 today in about 180 feet of water not far from where the jet's other ''black box,'' the flight data recorder, was found on Sunday.
WASHINGTON REDSKINS--Waived DB Greg Evans.
And I read this part, and I thought, 'Diana Vreeland.'
Last year he led the National Football League in receiving yards (1,584), catches of at least 25 yards (20) and first-down receptions (68).
''It's part of a growing movement, especially among educators, that all this has to be taken seriously,'' said Mr. Postman, who was the host of the Schmio ceremony, held at Hunter College in Manhattan.
And the trustee had also negotiated with the I.R.S.
Mr. Fine said he believes the Federal Reserve's decision Tuesday to lower interest rates by one-quarter point was merely the first step in the easing process; another quarter-point reduction will likely come at its policy-making committee's next meeting in November, he said.
D. Wayne Lukas, Cape Town's trainer, noted Bailey's track record at Churchill Downs in announcing the switch yesterday.
I feel there's an awful lot of hype out there about saving people's lives with these drugs.
We cast and quickly stripped back our flies -- we were using the slender and ethereal ''albatross'' and ''jellyfish'' pattern created by Blinken -- but momentarily the blitz was over.
The concert began with ''Chan Chan,'' an elegiac, minor-key love song in an old rural style; it ended with ''Silencio,'' a bolero with the singers Ibrahim Ferrer and Omara Portuondo dancing cheek to cheek.
You don't think about sending E-mail to people in Asia or how long your message is.''
Easily recognizable because his picture has appeared time and again on television and in newspapers, Mr. Astiz has been assaulted on many occasions when he appears in public, often by people who say he tortured them.
''When Wilfred ate, half the meal ended up in his hair or on the table,'' said Ms. Wilson, rolling her eyes as he sat squirming.
''This is a declaration of war on the Palestinian presence in Jerusalem,'' declared Saeb Erekat, a Palestinian official.
Political analysts also say that if Mr. Gingrich is serious about running for President in 2000, he must mend his tattered image in the Northeast, a goal that moderate Republicans could help him achieve.
Any honor society chapter should be proud to count them as members.
Memorials to St. Vincent's Hospital, N.Y.C., Washington Theological Union, Washington, D.C., St. Peter's College, Jersey City, N.J. or St. Francis Center, Brant Beach, N.J. would be appreciated.
Now, there are cereals that promote their organic grains, natural colors and flavors, fiber, cholesterol-lowering properties, low-fat content, even their seal of approval from the American Heart Association.
Its Network Vehicle -- developed by Delphi Automotive Systems, I.B.M., Sun Microsystems and Netscape Communications -- has Internet access that allows the driver to listen to E-mail messages or conduct Web searches using voice commands.
He admitted that he was extremely fortunate.
That means that when recipients reply to the message, the reply makes a beeline for the original sender, not for the person who redirected the message.
''And I've included a much more sizable bequest in my will when we're not.''
Tickets: $23, $20 for seniors and $15 for students (Tommasini).
But most of the time the problems that plagued Death Row were a result of the street following the label into the corporate world.
In the privacy of his office, a powerful officeholder asks an attractive young woman for sex.
In the meantime, the antislavery sentiment bred by the case helped give birth to the Republican Party, which in turn fostered Lincoln's Presidency, the South's secession and the Civil War.
When I go back to Homewood now, it's fulfilling to know that you can actually impact the future of a child.
In addition to being Mississippi's leading employer, Ingalls has ties to Mr. Lott's family that date from the days when his father, Chester, worked at the shipyard as a pipefitter.
Science got a bit of a reprieve on Tuesday when the Army Corps of Engineers agreed that unless it got permission from the Federal judge hearing the court cases, it would not go forward with its plan to protect the Columbia River site by covering it with boulders, sand and stone.
Two possessions later, Henderson found Lewullis on a backdoor cut for a layup that tied the score.
And what he said could hardly be called unfair.
''And don't forget -- they want a place to sleep when they come to visit.''
Besides his second wife, Valeria, whom he married in 1966, he is survived by two sons, both of Moscow: Sergei -- who interprets for President Boris N. Yeltsin and for Prime Minister Yevgeny M. Primakov of Russia -- and Alexei; and five grandchildren.
The Labor Department reported strong job gains in computer and data processing, engineering and management services and financial services, which are benefiting from a boom in home buying and stock investing.
Four Kenyan women share a modest house; Loroupe shares a bedroom with Chepchumba and has decorated her corner with stuffed animals and photographs.
One reason is that Roy Rogers was that almost unimaginable thing, the domesticated cowboy.
This Friday: Vouvray, merlot and Champagne from France.
Like most of the things he helped build, they will outlast him.
You look at the schedule in spring training and say: 'Boy, that will be a fun series in New York.
Today at 3 P.M. Tickets: $15 to $26.
Although I was initially skeptical about the need for a closed-top Z3, and especially about the far-out design, the M Coupe won me over.
Such words need closer examination.
Ms. Kahn-Leavitt said: ''Laurel Ulrich's book takes you into her process.
''So we increased the income threshold for 30 units, providing for a healthy economic mix.''
By the time the public address announcer could ask the Shea Stadium crowd to stand for the seventh-inning stretch, it was too late.
It's probably something I've never said to him before.
CHURCH OF THE HEAVENLY REST (Episcopal), 2 East 90th Street, Manhattan.
So why do companies want to put ads in America's face?
Samsung Electronics will offer shareholders one share, at a 30 percent discount, for every 18.83 shares they currently own.
Nor, conversely, was she about to let any man make her feel insignificant.
Sunday night at 6, Rick Crom's ''Our Life and Times''; at 8, ''The Seth Rudetsky Show,'' variety.
HOCKEY National Hockey League NHL-Suspended St. Louis D Chris Pronger four games for slashing and Detroit F Viacheslav Kozlov three games for elbowing.
Knights of Indulgence audiences, Mr. Lindsay added, have come to expect the unexpected.
''The President did not cry, but you could tell by the way he was breathing, you could tell by his demeanor, that he felt the pain, and he felt it very strongly.''
He is the courtly offspring of a ''very tidy WASP family'' -- specifically, a mother who clipped funny newspaper articles for him as a child and a father who was sad when Mr. Zinsser rejected the family shellac business for the wonders of the old New York Herald Tribune.
To the Editor: My wife and I recently spent three marvelous days in the very pleasant town of Pau, capital of the Bearn region of France in the Pyrenees, birthplace of Henry IV.
''But then they tell you that they are still waiting for a telephone line, or that the computer they want to buy is too expensive.
Government forecasters got it right when they predicted last year that El Nino would bring a warm, wet winter to much of the United States and that California and the Gulf Coast were in for unusually heavy rainstorms.
He is joined by two partners: Kim Brayton, 42, associate creative director and art director at Temerlin McClain, and Michael Boone, 36, who joins from Maxfield Group in Las Colinas, Tex., where he was vice president and management supervisor.
''I wear them just for a vibe.''
They've got all that Clancy and Grisham.
''I don't know if this tips the scale'' into a new round of concern about Asia,'' said Douglas R. Cliggott, United States equity strategist at J. P. Morgan Securities.
The company announced the measures after its stock closed at $56, down $1 a share on the New York Stock Exchange.
The police began a search for the driver of the passenger car, who was reported to have fled the scene.
Now, a wrap of bandages covers the stump where her knee ought to be.
In spite of their losses, the oystermen have put down new shell cultch and report that they have a good crop of baby oysters growing.
One of the narcotics policemen, Officer Robert Horneman, was struck on the shoulder, said Mark Watin, a Fire Department paramedic.
Neither the Circle Line, which leases the pier and uses it as a maintenance center for cruise boats, nor four private charter-boat companies that operate dinner and sightseeing cruises could be reached by telephone for comment last night.
At the University of Wyoming in Laramie, about half of this year's graduates plan to move out of state, according to a recent survey.
''They got greedy,'' Mr. Safir said.
Although Ms. Akerman has never wanted ''Je Tu Il Elle'' to be called a ''gay film,'' it has been adopted by lesbian women as a kind of banner work.
TABOO!, Wooster Gardens, 558 Broadway, near Prince Street, (212) 941-6210 (through July 3).
''My early work was based on subject matter with which I was already familiar,'' Mr.
With the machine running slowly, add the oil (reserving one tablespoon) until the dressing is smooth and thick.
His wealth grew and so did his holdings.
Never are we thought of as an integral part of the process -- the mom who washes the socks and drives the car, kisses the tears, and teaches right from wrong, morals and manners.
''We view his detention for peacefully exercising fundamental freedoms guaranteed by international human rights instruments as a serious step in the wrong direction,'' the State Department spokesman, James P. Rubin, said in Washington the day after the arrest.
They nonetheless represent the freedom she felt she lacked in 1989 when she resigned from the Paris Opera Ballet and moved to London to become principal guest artist at the Royal Ballet at Covent Garden.
Here in Gangtok you will also find the quintessential resting spot for weary electronic travelers, a terrace at the Hotel Tashi Delek.
''This committee is openly trivializing the rule of law,'' Mr. Dershowitz said.
''My heart was taking off and I just couldn't catch up to it,'' Mr. Miller said.
Rather than accept a sharp drop in employment and growth, Chinese leaders have said they will increase spending, with $750 billion to $1 trillion devoted to new construction over three years.
And the issue of treatment duration remains a volatile one, guaranteed to stir debate in any gathering of clinicians, managed-care representatives and employers who pay the bill for their employees' mental health coverage.
4 3 8 SUMMER SISTERS, by Judy Blume.
9 case mate and down to the main deck.
They are the Citizens Union, the City Bar Association, the City Club, City Project, Common Cause, the League of Women Voters, the New York Public Interest Research Group and the Women's City Club.
Now 88 and sober for five years, Dr. May understands how an older woman can easily succumb to addiction.
Recalling that era of stagnation, Mr. Sokurov laughed and said, ''It gave me some stability.''
Both BMW and Volkswagen now want to enter the rarefied niche market of super-luxury automobiles.
Polls show that a majority of Canadians have long believed abortion to be a matter of choice.
Mr. Schumer As I sit here today, I'm convinced this committee needs help.
School Break With spring fully sprung, many programs this week designed to keep school-vacationing youngsters occupied are geared to nature.
General Stepashin, as the head of Federal Security Service, played a key role in Russia's ill-fated military campaign to subdue Chechnya's bid for independence, and Chechen leaders have reviled him.
No less an authority than the White House lawyer has conceded that the President's behavior is maddening.
But, he said drily, in the same soft Irish accent he uses on stage: ''I've been to the Abbey only twice.
The exchange has music fans hoping that Canibus, on his debut album due in July on Group Home/Universal Records, will take hip-hop back to its more benign pre-gangsta roots in boasting and battling.
Several years ago, this contemporary photographer discovered and acquired a large cache of glass plate negatives made by a turn-of-the-century commercial photographer named Clara Smith.
INSIDE PITCH The Yankees are only halfway through the season, but already they are in the Hall of Fame for their remarkable play.
They say there is no money to pay my pension.
* Roswell, N.M. (47,559; $85,000): In the Pecos River valley, Roswell is near the site of what some claim was the crash of an alien spaceship in 1947.
You can be a warm father and a real man at the same time.
He has been assured that he will be free to choose repertory and restructure rehearsal schedules as he sees fit.
''Irish people are the nicest people in the world, when they're not shooting guns.''
Busta's ''Extinction Level Event'' shares apocalyptic themes with DMX.
I also think Hamed and Manfredy is before its time.
And while not all educators agree that computers and technology enhance learning, they concur that students should -- at the very least -- become familiar with computers, which are as standard as pens or desks in the increasingly high-tech job market.
Johnson caught a career-high 10 passes today for 112 yards.
They gave her the number of another lawyer and suggested she call him.
A sale of artworks, decorative mosaic tiles and gift items made by junior and high school students participating in the Liberty Partnership Program, a dropout prevention program, continues through Jan. 4.
The internal proposal predicted that if Philip Morris took a ''more progressive position on tobacco, it would enable the company to move onto a higher moral playing field, to neutralize the tobacco issue and to focus attention on other, more appealing products.''
Even as this approach catches on with the public, sophisticated investors are starting to move away from a rigid adherence to styles.
The Mariners set a major league record last year with 264 home runs, and the fence busters are back except for Paul Sorrento, who hit 31.
In her wonderful new show at the Cafe Carlyle, Ms. Carter is utterly fearless, changing character from song to song and successfully juxtaposing the most unlikely material.
The doctors attached ''all the arteries, veins, nerves, tendons, muscles and skin after setting the two bones of the forearm,'' the hospital said in a statement.
Richard, the former Canadiens great, is believed to be currently on a fishing trip, the kind of thing hockey people used to do in the summer, back when Richard played, when the playoffs ended in April and the league had a longer off season.
in North Carolina are deciding whether to file a formal complaint over a college course that asserts that most slaves were happy in captivity.
''What it really means for the company is that we will get the financing issues behind us and we can focus our energies on bringing the pharmaceutical pipeline and the agricultural and biotechnology products to the market,'' said Gary Crittenden, chief financial officer at Monsanto, which is based in St. Louis.
Only three hit-and-run accidents have been reported at Aspen's four mountains since the reward system went into effect last winter.
Recordings were Mr. Cohn's other principal fascination.
Also on the patch, in English and in Cyrillic, is the word ''believe.''
And then to add insult to injury, although I had, by the grace of the chairman, and I thank him, admitted into evidence the Constitution, although I had spoken weeks and weeks ago about the need to be guided by the Fifth Amendment -- that is, notice and due process -- when the President responds, duly guided by his lawyers, to interrogatories as any other citizen would have the privilege of doing, we take those documents and suggest that we now can create another violation by suggesting in his interrogatories, using the Fifth Amendment, the right of due process, the right to respond to one's accuser, and make it now an article where he is accused of violating, perjuring, obstructing justice because he answered our interrogatories.
Coming off a victory last week at the Leipzig Open after a two-month layoff due to wrist surgery, Graf breezed through the first three games of the first set, dropping only 2 points to Tauziat.
He also served on the Third Naval District permanent General Court Martial and was attached to the Judge Advocate General Corps.
Over the years his signs have vanished, and now there is a new generation of sign spectaculars in Times Square, among them Spectacolor's giant ATM for Fleet Bank at 46th Street and Broadway, with a moving bank card and money.
So McGwire's hitting 70 is minimized by the fact that Sosa hit 66, Ken Griffey hit 56 and Greg Vaughn hit 50 and six or seven others hit 45 or more.
''Developers have been focusing instead on just one component of senior housing, such as assisted-living projects with 60 to 100 units, because they're easier to put up or they're just building conventional housing geared to the elderly.''
Joseph N. Mondello, the chairman of the Nassau County Republican Committee, said he was ''hopeful something can be done'' before conditions worsened.
Percy Barnevik, ABB's chairman, called from Zurich, asking Dr. Slember to come out of his three-day retirement and take Mr. Donovan's job.
Despite the hardship, women tended to be ''mistresses of positive thinking,'' as Druett says, and their accounts abound with fascinating details.
ENGLEWOOD PUBLIC LIBRARY Ada Ortuzar-Young, a professor at Drew University, discusses ''The Labyrinth of Solitude: Life and Thought in Mexico,'' by Octavio Paz, as part of ''Our Latin American Neighbors: Nobel Prize Series.''
Now, at least for the time being, Nagano is grappling with too much snow.
Had Fitzgerald met the individuals profiled here, he might have reconsidered that statement.
''I really don't think there is anyone who will feel they were not treated with dignity, respect and just a lot of thought.''
It is also the kind of place where hopes begin to be fulfilled, and that is justification enough for arts in public schools.
Four minutes from the end, Germany scored again, this time on a play that was beautifully precise in the way it unfolded.
Spread 1 cup of sauce on a medium platter or in a baking dish.
''We're not showing the university as a place of bacchanal, of crazy, violent rampages,'' Mr. Abrams said.
Dinner for two with wine: $35; (30-1) 321-5368.
6): Music and dance traditions from the former Soviet Union (June 14).
He wants an equal opportunity to hit the ball, and the A.D.A.
Dear grandmother of four grandchildren and two great-grandchildren.
And also we may well ask what really was nonrepresentational about his art.
''It's been flying off the shelves,'' said Kimberly Nathan, the buyer for Reading China who gave Doumar its first big break.
Asked about the situation in Kosovo, where President Slobodan Milosevic of Yugoslavia is using harsh measures to try to end a civil war, Ms. Albright renewed a warning of possible retaliatory air strikes by NATO.
The International Atomic Energy Agency, in a report to the United Nations Security Council, said yesterday that it had found no evidence that Iraq has nuclear weapons.
When Jane and Ben's first child was born prematurely and died, his sadness foundered under the weight of his guilt.
At dinner on Saturday night in Tampa, it will be Ronde's responsibility to keep Tiki up.
If in fact he did this, you are suggesting he can make the felony go away by saying that he made a mistake and that now here is the true story.
''I have a sense of awe every time I see the exquisite tradition of history and culture,'' she said.
''Eventually you're going to need that platform to show your stuff,'' the new White Sox manager, Jerry Manuel, said.
For until now, that trio had never combined this season to drive in runs in the same game, a shortcoming that made one wonder whether Piazza and the others were pressing.
They expect the new technology to be incorporated in manufacturing microprocessors and other types of computer chips whose functions go beyond those of a plain memory chip, saying its diversification beyond personal computers was ''essential'' given the high costs of development.
The Clippers' 70 points were their lowest output of the season.
All performances at 8:30 P.M. DANNY'S SKYLIGHT ROOM, 346 West 46th Street, Clinton, (212) 265-8133.
''Sophomore kids don't know where to fit in,'' said Sharese Johnson-Dawes, a doctoral student in psychology at Seton Hall University, who counsels the seniors on how to be counselors.
But India is now blamed for triggering a new round of proliferation, and Congress is unlikely to be sympathetic to any easing of the sanctions.
Friends said the couple reconciled about two months later.
Finally, vigorous training and a no-tolerance policy can help reduce the likelihood of predatory sexual behavior.
Life was either created or it evolved.
Mr. Tavarez, according to his brother, emigrated with his family from Santa Domingo in 1990.
''If it rains, we'll all get wet, which I figure should be the least of our worries.''
The actress, who has a 2-year-old son with her boyfriend, said she would be wary if her own child announced his intention to become an actor.
Historians have not had a great deal to tell us about Mrs. Harding, in part because she burned so many of her and her husband's personal documents.
Mrs. Slepian, a registered nurse, said she made the remarks to The Buffalo News partly to show her appreciation for the efforts of the Amherst police on behalf of her family.
That worked well enough in the old days.
American officials were appalled to discover that drug organizations had infiltrated the Mexican justice system at such high levels.
It made my body function in a much younger way.''
The Blazers made a franchise-low 22 field goals, only 3 more than the N.B.A.
''What we're looking for, especially in Gramercy Park, since we have to compete against Park Avenue, is a Park Avenue-type of doorman: an old-fashioned kind of guy who can't wait to help.''
Most likely, the damage developed because the hose was not stored properly during the winter months.
The two biologists focused on the two forms of sleep, known as slow-wave sleep and REM sleep.
''His fundamentals were not good; his techniques were not good.''
I've made many return trips to Paterson, but I've never been able to find that precise market again.
''You could be looking at 4 percent bond yields over the next year or two, and that's good for financial stocks.''
''When we saw it, we made the attribution.''
''These are the guys who regard putting a new operating system on their personal computer as a form of entertainment,'' said Chris LeTocq, an analyst at Dataquest, a research firm in San Jose, Calif.
He has dropped three straight decisions, and hasn't won since May 24.
29 OBITUARIES 37 Television 36 Weather 35
According to her, it mattered less which sister won the match than how they would treat one another after it was over.
Sobbing, the teen-ager, Luke Woodham, said he remembered getting a butcher knife and seeing his mother's bloody body while his head was ringing with instructions from his mentor, Grant Boyette.
She is also the medical director of Mount Sinai's Queens Health Network, encompassing Elmhurst Hospital and the Queens Hospital Center.
The University of Tennessee, 39-0 and winner of an unprecedented three consecutive national championships, is home to the best women's college basketball team ever.
The flight of much of the middle class, a decline of manufacturing, the 1967 racial riots, an influx of immigrants and now hints of downtown renewal are not at all reflected in the city's property records.
We have to get away from those icons, find our own Blanche and Stanley, not borrowing from other people's contexts.
Court officials said they planned to propose legislation to make the classes mandatory statewide.
Their clients seem to agree.
New York City announced yesterday that it had chosen a corner of Van Cortlandt Park in the Bronx to build its long-embattled, $600 million water filtration plant.
There really wasn't much money around -- dollars or rubles -- and hadn't been for a long time.
He discussed his scoring before tonight's game.
They created special teams to monitor burnings and fight fires, but environmental groups contend that the effort was too little too late.
'My Father's Words: Let the Houses Be the Witnesses' Long Island Holocaust Memorial and Education Center, Welwyn Preserve, 100 Crescent Beach Drive, Glen Cove.
Lourdes Rodriguez, who had grown up playing beside Mrs. Valdez on the beaches of Santo Domingo, invited the Valdez family to stay in her home.
''Why pay hundreds of thousands for my one-bedroom when I can keep renting it for hundreds of dollars a month?''
Not only has the domestic music business improved over all, Mr. Levin said, but Warner has also benefited from strong sales of the ''City of Angels'' soundtrack and albums from Barenaked Ladies, Brandy and Madonna.
The world may soon face more weapons of mass destruction, all so computer companies can reap a few export dollars.
The show will begin at 8 P.M. at Radio City Music Hall, and will feature performances by Chris Rock, Conan O'Brien, Dennis Miller, Paul Rodriguez, Jon Stewart and Rosanne Barr.
Directed by James Ivory (R, 120 minutes).
Mayor Johnson said upstate cities had been suffering economically and had not had the boost of the Wall Street boom, as New York City has.
And to the deep frustration of a political class prohibited from organizing, American diplomats counseled forbearance over sweeping restrictions.
He was sent to a juvenile home, which led to an Army tour in Vietnam.
But, Dr. Koplan said, ''the whole system is only as strong as its weakest link, which unfortunately is often the county health departments.''
What I told Ms. Kolata, at a dinner party six weeks ago, was that endostatin and angiostatin should be in National Cancer Institute clinical trials by the end of this year and that we would know, about one year after that, whether they were effective.
Many are running in trade publications like Advertising Age, Adweek, Brandweek and Mediaweek.
Meets tomorrow and Sunday at noon at the Washington Arch, Washington Square.
''We've gone through ups and downs,'' said Thomas Gurtner of Switzerland.
Losing weight is a daunting goal for many children with Type 2 diabetes.
A sharp cutting wheel is drawn across the tile face.
Instead, a small crowd of angry fans booed, wore hard hats and held up signs expressing frustration or disappointment with the team's ownership, which last month tried to move the team's home games and had not signed its two best players, Zigmund Palffy and Trevor Linden.
Both of Illinois State's conference losses, and its lone home loss all season, came against Southwest Missouri (16-16).
Day earned that moniker for being one of the tour's slowest players, but he has worked on speeding up his pace, and the nickname does not bother him.
The amnesty will lead to the release -- apparently today -- of labor leaders convicted of inciting illegal strikes and of 16 people convicted of violating the National Security Law, which is often used to punish those who praise North Korea.
Take, for example, the ''optimized content'' initiative sponsored by Intel.
And because it is such a massive tract, it makes a huge contribution in terms of jobs and revenues.''
Referring to the famed proponents of the objective method of investing based on a company's underlying value, he said: ''If the market is going to snap back 100 points, that's not Graham and Dodd.
Political scientists have often pointed out that suburban voters are moderates, that they acted as a brake on the wilder excesses of the Republican right, favoring the preservation of abortion rights, for example, and backing some kind of gun controls.
The White House, in a last-ditch effort to sway some impeachment votes in the House, will present a detailed defense over the next two days against some of the accusations in the impeachment report of Kenneth W. Starr.
It happened here on Dec. 1.
From here on, Monette's story is a paradigm of gay liberation in the age of AIDS.
But a coalition of neighborhood groups opposed to the project say they plan demonstrations, although no dates have been set.
Upstairs, their consciences distinctly unraised but their consciousnesses tingling, Stephanie's husband, Hamish, and her friend Daffy are getting it on.
With a journalist's enthusiasm for new stories, Mr. Metzner has a seemingly endless fascination with the world around him.
Actually, the term mezzo-soprano did not exist until the middle of the 18th century, and even then composers did not distinguish between the categories the way we do today.
On Saturday morning, Mr. Croneberger will be consecrated as bishop coadjutor during a service that will be led by Arthur B. Williams Jr., suffragan bishop of the Diocese of Ohio, who is vice president of the national House of Bishops.
But he still called on Republicans to conduct a fair and thorough investigation in that period.
The Bell Atlantic Corporation could be especially interested, analysts said, because Airtouch would be Bell Atlantic's sole remaining partner in a new digital wireless venture called Primeco.
But Gilbert carved some of that tower's most impressive stones.
Thousands more are in neighboring Montenegro, which, with Serbia, now forms Yugoslavia.
LaFrentz, playing his second game after missing nine because of a broken finger, had 11 rebounds for his 11th double-double of the season.
Tickets, $300, or $100 for the show alone, from (212) 265-8370.
''We have taken steps to insure that this investigation right from the outset will be full and rigorous and honest in all respects.''
Trying to appear more competitive, Ms. Greenman traded in old-fashioned charm for what she hopes will be a more contemporary marketing advantage.
And there were plenty of people who asked for refunds on my tours.
Well, I have already been getting quite a number of calls from individuals complaining that children are being injured in foster care, about D.C.F.
In 1997, The Wine Spectator cited Reverie as one of a dozen new wineries to watch.
''My composer is in Japan,'' she said, speaking hypothetically.
ROSENBERG-Henry, formerly of Rego Park, New York, passed away peacefully at the age of 90 on December 8, 1998 in Houston, Texas.
Mr. Gore is the Democratic Party's most likely Presidential candidate for 2000.
Wife of the late Robert K. Christenberry.
''We're going to play it all the way, and as hard as we can.''
Only to them are these things so precise and so moving.
It was during the armed struggle.
In the next decade, James Renwick's eclectic Smithsonian Institution broke decidedly with that paradigm, as, later, did the State, War and Navy Building and the Library of Congress.
Indeed, ''Kaaterskill Falls'' ratifies the achievement of the author's short stories, even as it announces the debut of a gifted novelist.
As representatives of innocence and corruption, Mr. Gaddis and Mr. Sands were locked together in a terrifying conflict.
Liverpool climbed four places to third in the Premier League.
The yacht is available for private parties, including cruises up the Hudson River with sit-down dinners for as many as 110 guests or cocktail buffets accommodating up to 175.
This little known provision of English law -- which further stipulates that the head goes to the King and the tail to the Queen -- is but one of hundreds of obscure laws that will become null and void when Parliament passes The Statute Law Repeals Act of 1998, as it is expected to do in the next few weeks.
Explain growth flow -- your method for picking technology stocks.
''We're happy because we literally just opened, got the reviews and now this opens up,'' said Michael Leavitt, the executive producer.
Even today's medical men could not undo the damage that one of those could inflict.''
Xu Guoji, a senior official in Shanghai's Industrial and Commercial Administration, said that Chinese authorities had been overwhelmed by the pirates' relentless efforts to take advantage of China's enormous market.
Sheep play a major role in the tourist experience on Skye.
This is evolving over a year-by-year basis.''
Plus there's nothing wrong with giving people who work hard all week 90 minutes of a good cathartic laugh at the expense of the powers that be.''
Mr. Ofili, whose parents came to England from Nigeria, examines issues of black culture and sexual stereotyping.
Mr. Provenzano, who prosecutors say has a ''contact'' in the Lucchese crime family, was indicted on 11 counts, including operating a chop shop, altering vehicle-identification numbers, extortion, witness tampering and corrupt payments to a public official.
Shirley McCain, a fund-raiser for AIDS programs who lives in Stuyvesant Town, said she was fed up with both Republicans and Democrats, but would not dream of staying away from the polls for much the same reasons as Mr. Howard.
The S80, which is being shown to the public today, arrives in dealerships in October.
John Madden's first contract with CBS guaranteed him $12,000 for working as an analyst on four obscure National Football League games.
Ms. Boland recommends that women get to know as much about the financial assets of the marriage as early as possible and to get involved in all aspects of financial decision making.
As such, she and her lawyers have contended that she is entitled to more than the court-awarded $20 million settlement, half the couple's net worth according to Mr. Wendt's accountants.
She has a Ph.D. in social welfare and a no-nonsense attitude.
He said family considerations could have an impact on any decision to remain a Jet.
The Government's efforts to calm the turmoil in Chiapas State seemed to be in disarray today.
Zoe's mother asked lots of probing questions of the spiky-haired tour guide at Sarah Lawrence, but confided that she hoped her daughter would take a year off ''to find herself.''
Hours: Tuesdays through Saturdays, 10 A.M. to 5 P.M.; Sundays, 1 to 5 P.M. Princeton University campus.
After Jeff Nelson retired the White Sox in order in the top of the 10th, the Yankees faced Karchner again.
Piazza and the Mets can each pick four teams, and if there is duplication, the Mets cannot choose another team.
That decision, Mr. Starr seemed to argue today, was an example of his caution and restraint, a self-portrait that is at odds with the Democrats' critical refrain that the independent counsel is an overzealous, politically motivated prosecutor obsessed with trying to destroy the President.
Offstage shooting and the shouting of lynch mobs are heard.
Mrs. Whitman said she decided to speak out against the women's groups earlier this month when she heard Eleanor Smeal, leader of the Feminist Majority, an advocacy group, urge women to vote for Carol Moseley-Braun of Illinois not because of Senator Moseley-Braun's qualifications but because she would protect President Clinton from possible impeachment.
Speakers will include family and friends as well as former colleagues of Mr.
The tradition of homegrown basketball coaches becoming high school principals -- with the power to veto changes at the state athletic association -- was eroded as school boards increasingly recruited professional administrators from outside their schools and outside the state.
When she asked him about it, he explained that Kara is learning about the post office in preschool.
''The Landscape Reinterpreted,'' aerial photographs by Owen Kanzler.
At night, gunshots ring out all over the town.
Ignatz Bubis, the head of the main Jewish representative organization in Germany, said he still favored the memorial.
Mr. Watt finally got around to it last year, with ''Contemplating the Engine Room'' (Columbia/Sony), a song cycle full of naval imagery (his father was a career Navy man) and, by metaphor, about the experience of playing in the Minutemen.
The lawmakers' price is high indeed.
Mr. Sakamoto knows the kind of personal and cultural upheaval that goes with such an uprooting: he has lived in Los Angeles for 20 years.
The two retired schoolteachers have the house on the market for $280,000 because they are moving to South Carolina.
Ellsworth said he expected his teammates would play with added intensity because the opponent was a team with an even worse record.
''If people feel that they're going to get shot based on how they express an opinion,'' Mr. Penn said, ''you don't get a reliable poll.''
President Reagan's voice broke at the ceremony.
'' Where lamps once glittered, the space is now dark, and its future use is undecided, Mr. Ray said.
Rabbi Brooks R. Susman performed the ceremony at Temple Israel in Lawrence, N.Y. Dr. Schnoll-Sussman, 29, is a gastroenterology fellow at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in Manhattan.
Austrian-born George Heiss owns the 50-acre winery with his wife, Trudy, and their sons.
But Harvey never played for the Rangers last spring after undergoing arthroscopic knee surgery.
Tournament officials have indicated that the event, which had attracted every No.
Douglas is going into the last year of a pact that will pay him slightly more than $700,000, which makes him attractive to trade or to keep.
Ramos said: ''If we play our best and Germany and Yugoslavia play their best, I don't think we have a chance.
was insisting on settlements in Dayton and Indianapolis as part of any deal here.
''Years ago we used to cover all the hours of the day, but that's not possible just now,'' she said.
Torn, however, caught his first fly-rod striper and Lehne caught three or four bass as well as an American shad, all on his dropper fly.
Since there are other state laws calling for ''affirmative action'' or enhanced opportunities for women and members of minorities in state employment and contracting, the meaning of barring ''preferential treatment'' is unclear, the office said in a statement.
The pass is available for Austria, Britain, France, Germany, Italy and Switzerland.
Crew, whose own on-time record at most such excursions would never make the honor roll, was early.
My mom has a different opinion.
The Rangers put several dangerous shots on goal, but Anaheim's Guy Hebert let nothing get past him.
''I said before the game, 'I'll give them two, as long as they promise not to get any more,' '' he said.
''You have to have a colossal ego to drag your country through this,'' Mr. Oubre, a 21-year-old senior from Baton Rouge, La., said as Mr. Clinton refused to testify specifically about what sex acts he had engaged in with Monica S. Lewinsky.
Mr. Gagen considered taking the same tack with Joshua, but he was concerned about the time it would involve: weeks for psychiatric evaluations, months or years in treatment, and, under California law, the possibility of facing criminal charges once he was deemed competent (a risk Mr. Burris's client also faces).
The failure to produce the right result when applied to Windows 95, one of the situations clearly resolved by the decree, is a fatal flaw.
It also got a Republican Congress than had no patience for Democratic misfeasance.
The trade deficit has steadily increased thus far through 1998 as Japan slipped into recession and the economies of Indonesia, Thailand, South Korea and other big markets shrank.
Spencer hit seven home runs in his last 27 at-bats, becoming an instant celebrity with Yankees fans.
Over the many months that the United Nations issue has dragged on, Democrats and Republicans have seen more political advantage in sticking to their respective positions than in resolving the dues problem with the United Nations.
A mirror dance with a double leads to a fantasy love scene where rapture soars through the choreography's twists and arching shapes.
PIRATES 7, GIANTS 0 Francisco Cordova (3-1) pitched a five-hitter for host Pittsburgh's first complete game this season, and Jason Kendall drove in three runs off slumping Shawn Estes to beat San Francisco.
Last year our reviewer, Philip Gambone, called the book ''a considerable achievement.''
But he sounds reasonable when he explains that some rules preceded this administration.
Not long after the Goshute Indians stopped resisting the Mormons who had poured into the sun-cracked bowl of the Great Basin, the tribe seemed to disappear, gone like most natives into sepia tones of the past, their poses ever frozen -- noble, doomed, vanquished.
From certain distances, it hovers near invisibility: you can see blue sky through it.
The merged company would have a 14 percent share of the world's $50 billion agribusiness market, according to analysts, making it a co-leader with Novartis A.G. Rhone-Poulenc and Hoechst would also have $13 billion in worldwide pharmaceutical sales, easily outpacing the American giants Johnson & Johnson and the Bristol-Myers Squibb Company.
The real monster is someone else, whom this new contingency pushes over the edge.
His democratic successors as president have not challenged it, partly out of fear and partly because they lack the power to do so.
But his ''10 Less-Basic Principles of Economics,'' which range from ''So You Die.
It made everybody in the young generation stand up and it made journalism look noble.
Michael Buncher, a deputy public defender who helped prepare the case, said the gunfire at the house where Mr. Penna lived could be relevant to his office's contention that the notifications violated the privacy rights of parolees.
had bigger cities, bigger arenas, more money, more promotions, more marketing.
''It's not worth it,'' the signs say in Spanish, along with drawings to represent the intense heat and desert conditions in the area.
But while many white historians dismissed it as wishful thinking and failed to include the story in their history books, including the one Fareed and his classmates are assigned, black people believed it.
Over the past 12 months American foreign policy has dealt with issues like the enlargement of NATO, bailouts of South Korea and Indonesia by the International Monetary Fund, discussions with Japan on economic revival in the context of the United States-Japan Security Treaty, and new initiatives on the part of South Korea's President Kim Dae Jung to open a dialogue with the North across the Demilitarized Zone.
Mr. McCain, a conservative Republican in a state that loves conservative Republicans, appears to be a shoo-in for a third term, with the latest poll showing he will probably pull more than 60 percent of the vote.
Most people here say they realize that they eventually must pay school taxes comparable to those in adjacent districts.
The men, sometimes pictured in duets with one another, are defined more balletically, visibly preparing for their pirouettes.
A fourth-round draft pick of the Chicago Bears in 1992, Furrer has seen action in nine games, starting two.
Heralded by two sonic booms, the shuttle appeared in sunny skies over Florida's east coast and touched down at 12:04 P.M. in what a Mission Control commentator in Houston called ''a beautiful landing.''
And they really should get out there and start playing.''
Dishes are listed in English, complete with a straightforward description of ingredients.
Dr. Rabalais carries out the work along with her colleague and husband Dr. R. Eugene Turner, who is director of the Coastal Ecology Institute at Louisiana State University and who discovered the zone in 1974.
Mr. Gioiella told the judge he and the other defense lawyers, Mr. Hurley of Wilmington and Jack T. Litman of New York City, had spent many hours discussing the agreement with Mr. Peterson and his parents.
In 25 years as head coach, he compiled a 255-49-3 record.
Pre-deceased by her eldest son Juan.
Sampson said he had dropped Harkes from the national team for both technical and leadership reasons.
It will be a while before the New Canaan deer committee knows whether its recommendation that residents join in a community-wide deer hunt bears fruit, or, more precisely, many deer carcasses.
I want to be as accurate as I can.
The investors in Mr. Soros's hedge funds tend to be wealthy individuals with an appetite for risk.
Mr. Paul has introduced another bill to make political life easier for minor parties like the Reform Party.
The mammals that need to come up for air are most vulnerable.
And as many games dictated, Williams was there as a sponge to absorb fouls when called on.
''I think it is going to be great hockey, something we'll never forget.''
The lesson should not be lost in the former Yugoslavia, where political and military leaders indicted by a United Nations tribunal for genocidal acts still walk free.
The shares of the Fine Host Corporation plunged 64 percent yesterday in their first day of trading in two and a half months, after the company disclosed that it would restate results because of accounting problems.
As Connie Fields, who is the closest neighbor to the factory, said: ''They didn't want it in the First Ward and we don't want it here.
To the Editor: Re ''New Fatness Guidelines Spur Debate on Fitness'' (Science Times, June 23): Body weight does not always mean the same body composition.
Curry hit a 3-pointer with 6 minutes 46 seconds left to spark a 9-0 run, and his follow-up jumper game Charlotte a 64-63 lead, its first since the first quarter.
The Atlantic City Police Department and the Atlantic County Prosecutor's office are investigating whether the officers -- Thomas DiLorenzo, William Warner and Keith Ferguson -- used excessive force against the man, Hue Q.
ANDREA FORRESTER Because of the 50th anniversary celebration the feelings have really changed.
In an upset, Stev Theloke won the 100-meter backstroke in 54.43 seconds, a meet record, beating Krayzelburg, the world champion at that distance, too, by four and a half feet.
Instead, he and Mitch McConnell of Kentucky seem ready to use a filibuster, as they did earlier in the year, to frustrate popular will.
But we have important work to do.'
The students were never quite certain how many of these tales were unadorned fact, and one of my son's college admissions essays concerned the irony of learning the truth from a man the class was never entirely sure was telling it.
A Holocaust Memoir A memoir of the Holocaust expressed in terms of food will be the subject of a talk on Sunday from 4 to 6 P.M. by Cara De Silva, the editor of ''In Memory's Kitchen: A Legacy From the Women of Terezin'' (Jason Aronson, 1996).
That's where the light and air are, that's where the stars are, that's where you go when you can't get to the beach.''
The Geron Corporation of Menlo Park, Calif., which owns or has applied for several patents on the gene, known as the telomerase gene, says its technology will rejuvenate cells involved in age-related diseases and help diagnose and treat cancer.
We went a little farther down the trail, just to the overlook, then -- we'd come so far already -- to the cliff overlooking Hanakapiai Beach, whose sands we touched just as the sun's lower rim met the horizon.
Essentially, tenants protected by the Martin Act cannot be evicted except for good cause, like failing to pay rent, and cannot be subjected to ''unconscionable rent increases.''
During a victory celebration, one uniformed Russian soldier jumps onto the makeshift stage and struts through a militaristically jerky Fred Astaire imitation to the strains of ''Cheek to Cheek.''
At the Emelin Theater in Mamaroneck two new series -- ''In the Klezmer Tradition'' and ''Family Arts'' -- have been added to the continuing cycles of classical music, dance, cabaret, jazz, folk, film andchildren's entertainment.
As a teaser, there's Thai kick boxing, long a fave among young boys, soon to take a most post-Olympic turn.
Charles Bae took a summer intern position with Acclaim Entertainment, a video game manufacturer in Glen Cove last year.
What about ''Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid''?
''You must fight for CUNY,'' he said.
He was seen at the Federal courthouse this afternoon but the reason for his visit could not be learned.
Ultrasound's many uses as an alternative to invasive surgery include breaking up gallstones.
He is marketing the Broad Street property, which, under current zoning, can accommodate 295,000 square feet of office and retail space and up to 260 rental apartments, condominiums, hotel rooms or student units.
Shows tonight and tomorrow night are at 9, 11 and 12:30, and the cover is $20 with a $10 minimum.
A previous estimate had put the charge at $2 billion to $3 billion.
In perhaps its noblest usage, anonymity protects whistle blowers from reprisals when they disclose information vital to the public.
''I remember this place -- we got drunk in here after the 'Frankenstein' premiere,'' he says as he settles into a seat in a lounge off the hotel bar, dark and deserted on a Sunday morning.
We extend our heartfelt condolences to Dr. Miller's family.
The mid-price spring releases of complete operas included some major Callas performances, like the historic live performance recording from La Scala in 1952 of Verdi's ''Macbeth'' (5 66447 2).
Trust was only a memory in the West; Asians had ethics, and we had lawyers.
Dr. Wolf, who has spent four months on the Mir, will also continue to brief his replacement, Dr. Andrew S. W. Thomas, on the Mir's operations, spending much of the day showing him where various pieces of hardware are stored.
's investment also reflects the continuing convergence of Wall Street businesses, analysts said.
Dr. Postel is not forgotten.
NEW ORLEANS SAINTS -- Released DE Rob Lurtsema, WR Andy McCullough, WR Alonzo Johnson, T Ricky Siglar and TE Nicky Savoie.
''It was chest-high, no doubt a double play.''
There is no better example of this than Mexico, where a 7 percent growth rate and near-doubling of trade with the United States in the past five years have produced tremendous financial opportunities, even though doing business there means putting up with a wary, nearly paranoid existence.
You have a professional theater in the Bronx, and you're the only show in town.
Pennebaker's ''Don't Look Back'' follows Bob Dylan touring England in 1965 as he's changing from folk singer to rock star.
So, we have, in the past, done a good job.
A 75-yard catch for a touchdown was negated by a holding penalty and another long pass to Moss was dropped.
Disney's support gave him a budget only slightly higher than the norm, Mr. Lennon said yesterday, but it gave him ''the great gift of not having to spend a year or two or three fund-raising,'' and ''the incredible luxury'' of focusing solely on the work, which took nearly three years.
Just opened, in a good central location across from the Australian Embassy, the Guoman Hanoi, 83A Ly Thuong, (844) 822-2800, fax (844) 822-2822, charges about $100 for a double room, including a full Western or Asian breakfast.
But another Republican -- the longtime State Treasurer, Janet C. Rzewnicki -- was turned out of office, with voters preferring her Democratic challenger, Jack Markell, a corporate financial officer.
The Virginia-based airline said it would start Metrojet on June 1 along the East Coast, where competitors such as Southwest Airlines and Delta Air Lines Inc.'s Delta Express have been gaining ground.
In 1968, the massacre of anti-Government demonstrators in Mexico City by army troops stripped away the image of benevolent democracy promoted by the authoritarian government -- one of the many ''Mexican masks'' that Mr. Paz described in ''The Labyrinth of Solitude.''
He now expects operating earnings for the S.& P. 500 to be $46.73 a share this year, down from $48.57, and $49.48 in 1999, down from $52.21.
The doctor was Kemp's high school coach.
Rwanda's army is Tutsi-dominated, and most of the victims were Hutu people that Rwanda did not want left in the refugee camps, where they had rearmed.
Mr. Graham, of the organ network, predicted that giving priority to the sickest patients would cost lives, because more patients would need second and third transplants.
Traveling on foot, staying wherever anyone will have them, they share a wonderful journey.
If the sessions included other members of the White House staff, Mr. Starr might be able to argue that those aides were not covered by lawyer-client privilege and could be called to testify, legal experts say.
In America there is a brisk business in such activity; in Asia there is nothing of the sort.
He asks, ''What's the difference?''
One evening it was a small clump of fried zucchini for each person.
Any such maneuvering would almost certainly involve the powerful Indonesian military.
But its stock has fallen, to $12.8125 on Friday from about $21 in 1996.
case he has arbitrated since sharply reducing Latrell Sprewell's punishment for choking his coach last December, a ruling that angered the league and was considered a major victory for the players association.
Torre cited the 1996 World Series, after Cone had suffered an aneurysm during the season but somehow came back.
The store is expected to open in mid-1999.
''We're just waiting to see that strategy, to evaluate it.''
The company has announced its intention to continue the policy of its co-founder, Lila Acheson Wallace, in buying art by emerging and established artists.
Beloved husband of the late Ann.
Roslyn, June 6 -- Six small houses built between 1824 and 1923 can be seen from 10 A.M. to 4 P.M.
He also advised people to sell their homes, stockpile their cash and buy gold in case the Y2K bug causes a global economic collapse, with currencies and stock exchanges tumbling into a computer-induced free fall.
For six years, the police had hunted for the Zodiac killer, who had vowed to kill one person for every sign of the zodiac and had taunted the police for their inability to catch him.
Graduated Middlebury College in Vermont and Cornell University Medical School.
Bloated, plotless, ''Another Country'' nevertheless contains Baldwin's finest extended fiction, the opening section depicting the decline and suicide of Rufus Scott.
''We use gobs and gobs of grain, and come out with this special heavy malt-flavor beer,'' said Kenneth Allen, the owner and brewmaster, ''and then we beat back all the malt sweetness with four different kinds of hops.''
In recent years, legal protections against discrimination have eased some confidentiality concerns.
Sear the scallop slices on both sides quickly over high heat.
Two more, and Testaverde passes Al Dorow (1960) and Joe Namath (1967) for the most.
''Many of us have been here for decades.
Many glorious pages of Russian history were connected with the Romanovs.
In that view he is not alone.
They want a free press, adversarial political parties, independent courts and a strong legislative branch, and they see no reason why the army should play a central role.
Chamique Holdsclaw and Tamika Catchings scored 22 points apiece and Semeka Randall provided enough footage for her own personal highlight film.
NATIONAL FRONTIER TRAILS CENTER, 318 West Pacific Street, Independence, Mo., (816) 325-7575.
The prisons will be completed by Wackenhut late this year.
''I believe France has fulfilled its part of the bargain,'' Finance Minister Dominique Strauss-Kahn said.
Banna's Muslim Brotherhood sought political salvation not through the West, whose institutions and laws Egypt's 19th-century ruler Mohammed Ali had imported to Egyptian society, but through a return to the laws and precepts of Islam.
The deal might include a player option that would allow Benes, 30, to leave the Diamondbacks after his second year.
Still, there is a chance that Mr. Hussein will act to avoid a sustained air campaign that is likely to destroy many of the places he holds most dear.
Mr. Meriwether's love of horses extends beyond the track.
South Africans combine sunny Australian-style machismo, American gear-headedness and the lethality of the African landscape with a third-world disdain for liability lawsuits and have come up with a cocktail of high-risk temptations that attract flocks of blissfully thanatotic tourists.
''What he did might be wrong or it might be right,'' he said.
Operas like Thomas Ades's ''Powder Her Face'' (the Brooklyn Philharmonic), ''Moses und Aron'' and ''Wozzeck'' (the Metropolitan Opera) and Astor Piazzolla's ''Maria de Buenos Aires,'' Steve Reich's ''Hindenburg'' and the Philip Glass-Robert Wilson ''Monsters of Grace'' (all at the Brooklyn Academy of Music) offer substance and variety.
Incongruities As loopy as team names are becoming, they aren't as incongruous as the ones some clubs keep after they relocate.
''If you ask me how it feels to write a check for a pair of shoes, I could tell you,'' he said.
The Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum may be the country's leader in exhibition spectaculars.
Then Kapell appeared, out of nowhere, it seemed, the son of a couple who owned a bookstore on Lexington Avenue.
In announcing the recommendations, which were endorsed by Gov.
Nightly rates for rooms start at $450, and for the Plantation Suites, $1,640.
Gambling casinos will be banned, and most of the piers will be off limits to development.
Maybe the firm hired extraordinary people.
The miner, Georg Hainzl, 24, was said to be in remarkably good health but was taken to a hospital, Austrian television reported.
But Mr. Carter sees the indoor furniture as a part of the South's past that, however tasteless it might seem to some, is still superior to the rigid gentrification that seems to be its future.
The Lantern, Qbajjar Road, Marsalforn, Gozo, is a guest house that has 12 rooms with shared baths for $13.75 to $16.25, with breakfast; (356) 55 62 85.
The Presidency is my birthright.
Indeed, analysts are expecting sharp increases in 1998 sales.
When he retired from the Marines and took a job in investment banking 18 years ago, he said, he felt like ''a giant tuna swimming in the Baltimore aquarium with a bunch of piranha.''
TOMMY MOTTOLA'S tank-sized Mercedes stopped in front of Nello's, a restaurant on Madison Avenue near 62d Street.
Mr. Nassikas, who was responsible for one of largest shifts in energy use in the nation, presided over a time when there were shortages of natural gas and concerns that the utility industry could not build plants fast enough to keep up with the growing demand for electricity.
''There are many formal training centers,'' Mr. Amin said.
Lawyers for Ford noted that State Farm had joined in the case, but withdrew when it was denied class-action status -- a decision, they said, that suggested any legal effort at dealing with the fires as a group would fail.
By an early age, any child will be tested.
New tenants include Target, the discount chain, which is taking 135,000 square feet; Staples, the office-supply chain, which is taking 24,000 square feet and Barnes & Noble, which signed on for 22,000 square feet.
So far this year, it has risen more than 37 percent, excluding the load.
Wednesday's game will not only be focused on the Rangers' struggles with Hasek, but also the return to Buffalo of John Muckler, who coached the Sabres before coming to take over the Rangers.
Political functions often place an unlikely array of characters together in one room, a point underscored at a recent fund-raiser for Pedro Gautier Espada, the 24-year-old freshman City Councilman from the Bronx.
He has now won five of seven lifetime starts, including his only two outings this year.
''Whether he likes it or not, the Mayor and I are fans of the same team -- even if he's in the wrong ball park.''
And he has begun to flex that power as never before.
Longer-term money, say for a retirement 20 years from now, will earn more in equities, he added.
Mr. Duggan served as a Trustee, and then as a Life Trustee for almost 50 years and was a tireless advocate of international education.
His team, which includes Dick Freeman, Bob Hamman, Paul Soloway, Jeff Meckstroth and Eric Rodwell, lost by 48 imps to a Swedish group that calls itself Team Magic and lived up to its name.
''I absolutely believe that if the parents of that child -- I mean, they saw right where I was headed.
The bill he has co-sponsored with Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona, is a mere first step, the Senator says.
Always it has been recovered, though by the end of some trips the Frisbee is swathed in duct tape.
In the ''Iliad,'' he stayed to fight at Troy, though he knew he would surely die.
For the rich, it became impossible until the last few days to make international phone calls.
COLLEGE COLLEGE OF CHARLESTON - Suspended C Sedric Webber from the basketball team for one game because of improper conduct in a Jan. 24 game.
''For any person at the White House, it's 24-7,'' she said, meaning 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
''When you have a big problem like that you overcompensate.
Rents range from $3,450 for a studio to $6,200 for a two-bedroom.
Consider, as instance of the former, the almost Beckettian clarity of the novel's opening lines: ''Bleak horizon under a glazed sky, flat desert, clumps of sage, scrub, distant butte, lone rider.
The gas can collect at high concentrations in depressions in dirt or snow in that area, and can be dangerous to anyone breathing below ground or snow level, Mr. Farrar said.
The difference between Wei and his loyal critics is in figuring out how to get there from here.
One of apartheid's most notorious killers took the stand today to say he was rewarded with rare medals and congratulated by generals and at least one Cabinet minister for his work in killing off political opponents.
Mr. Goldstein gets most of his prints from museum and university archives and the studios themselves.
However, he said, ''In the past, when Mr. Starr wanted to talk to the President they have worked out amicable terms to do so.''
That would be the least likely scenario of all, but also the most dreadful, worse even than the Chinese or Burmese kind of repression following student movements in those countries.
And Carolyn Hine added: ''I'm a believer.
But all the concrete and masonry suddenly raining down on New York does highlight the weaknesses or loopholes in the city's building inspection process.
A judge ruled that a referendum on the team's future home, which Mr. Vallone sponsored, must appear on the Nov. 3 ballot, over the objections of Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani.
Since the United Nations Secretary General, Kofi Annan, brokered a deal with Saddam Hussein in February to resume inspections of Iraq's chemical and biological weapons programs, Iraq has shown a greater willingness to cooperate, allowing inspectors to visit sites that it had previously declared off limits.
JOHN HARMS CENTER FOR THE ARTS Linda AS Thayer, paintings.
He was taken to Shadrinsk, 100 miles away, where he was adopted by a peasant family named Filatov.
E-The People has been open since August but is still trying to ''stomp out the last of the bugs,'' Mr. Sheshunoff said, and should be fully operational in a month or so.
Free with suggested museum admission: $4; $2 for students; $1.50 for the elderly; free for those under 12.
In addition to a valid driver's license, companies ask for a deposit, which is refundable, and two or three references as well as requiring what is listed below.
''I have no means of knowing if you are right,'' he told the Guardian, which asked him whether the author was indeed an MI6 agent.
Inside hang the only Leonardo in America, a portrait of Ginevra de Benci; Raphael's ''Alba Madonna,'' van Eyck's ''Annunciation,'' Vermeer's ''Girl With the Red Hat'' -- all iconic pictures familiar from a thousand posters and a million postcards -- and dozens of other Renaissance and Impressionist gems.
Some have operations around the world, others are concentrated in a handful of countries.
He overthrew Kyle Brady, he underthrew Dedric Ward and he was wide on a pass to Wayne Chrebet.
Flowers introduced herself to the public through a supermarket tabloid that reportedly paid more than $100,000 for her story.
While the Rock-and-Roll Hall of Fame and Museum is in Cleveland, the music business, which supports it, is concentrated in New York City and Los Angeles.
I just do not have the gumption much longer.
A caring and dedicated physician and pediatrician for fifty years, and charter member of HIP of New York.
UTAH JAZZ -- Activated C Greg Ostertag from the injured list.
So imagine the reaction in the newsroom recently when Ralph Cipriano, a reporter, filed a defamation suit against the paper after the editor, Robert J. Rosenthal, publicly questioned the objectivity and value of his reporting on the Archdiocese of Philadelphia.
Clippers 111, Jazz 102 In Anaheim, James Robinson scored a season-high 25 points and Los Angeles made a season-high 12 3-pointers in stunning Utah to end an eight-game losing streak.
Adored great-grandmother of Jimmy and Brian Igoe, and Laila and Selmah Goldberg.
An ideal way to get a good mixture without much work is to pass the lawn mower over the grass a few times just as the first leaves start to fall.
And in a move that has successfully alienated the neighbors on the other side of his 8,500-acre estate, he is proposing to sell 400 acres of property, some it pristine woodland, to developers.
In a speech earlier in the day to Asian Foreign Ministers, Ms. Albright warned that Myanmar is in danger of social collapse.
A12 NEW YORK/REGION B1-10 Mayor Moves to Curb Business Districts' Power After years of questioning the powers of New York City's private business improvement districts, Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani is about to propose some stringent measures that would give his administration significant control over the semiautonomous agencies.
The doorknob set is intended for Doyle's house -- but you never know.
The result is an evening of theater with bags of English charm.
Voters went to the polls today for midterm elections that will help determine whether the centrist President, Leonel Fernandez, will make a second presidential bid in 2000.
He had little time for anyone or anything else -- except The New Yorker, and even it may have suffered as, in his later years, he became increasingly private, distrustful of his staff and suspicious of its loyalty.
Visiting orchestras, soloists and dance companies share the stages, which also house touring plays.
Despite the destruction wrought on this country, the poorest in the Western Hemisphere, there is a pervasive feeling here that the damage could have been considerably worse, that the Dominican Republic, which shares the island of Hispaniola, took the brunt of the storm's force.
As a result, the reader is left to focus on the more puzzlelike aspects of the novel -- trying to figure out the identity of each of the 26 unnamed women, and trying to piece together the story behind the narrator's breakup with his girlfriend.
ST. LOUIS BLUES -- Signed C Marty Reasoner, C Derek Bekar, F Tyson Nash, D Jason Widmer, C Ladislav Nagy, F Andrei Podkonicky and F Tyler Harlton.
''I remember the best season ever, 50 wins, Messier, and then the Penguins waddled in and it was over.
So the academy's governing council, in its statement on Monday, said that the petition had ''nothing to do'' with the academy and that the article was never published in the academy's journal.
The correct title of Jamie Wyeth's painting is ''Sophomore at Bowdoin,'' not ''Bowdoin Sophomore.''
Though billings had previously been estimated at $40 million to $50 million, they were estimated yesterday at $75 million.
James L. Ward, United States consul general in Ciudad Juarez, said he, too, was not sure why more weapons prosecutions had been occurring.
''D'Amato went negative first when he unfairly destroyed Jacob Javits,'' responded Mr. Morris, soberly referring to Mr. D'Amato's first run for statewide office.
Others are fuller portraits of people in serious trouble who lash out with a lethal fury that seems totally out of proportion to what sets them off.
Despite Mr. Clinton's having become on Saturday just the second President to be impeached, his job-approval ratings, as measured in a New York Times/CBS News poll last weekend, climbed six points from the week before, to 72 percent, among his highest ratings ever.
IT would be difficult to find two more cosmopolitan stock pickers.
This week such groups warned the developer against upsetting that balance.
The bill, sponsored by Representatives Henry J. Hyde, Republican of Illinois, and Steny H. Hoyer, Democrat of Maryland, would make it a felony, with prison terms of up to six months, for a parent to cross a state line to avoid child support when the amount of money owed is $5,000 or more and is more than a year late.
Your most recent letter remarks that the situation in Iraq has ''thankfully, eased.''
The Budget Process I think we actually finally made progress towards that this year.
If you ask me, L.A. is taking over the world.''
Analogies between President Clinton's troubles and Watergate fail to take into account the impact of Richard M. Nixon's economic policies and his bad economic luck, as Lawrence Kudlow, the chief economist at the American Skandia Life Assurance Corporation, points out.
Some considered Nureyev's defection a premeditated act by a man disenchanted with the Soviet system and captivated by the allure of the West, its freedom and artistic promise.
The food was worth more than $400,000, according to a Federal indictment.
One Westchester teen-ager blacked out because of low blood sugar while driving, and his car hit a house.
''A lot of this has been blown way out of proportion, and some of it is ancient history,'' he said.
It was more than they had planned on spending, but, said Mrs. Potter -- who with her husband, a New York City police officer, has three young sons -- it needed no work, allowing them to stretch their budget.
And drug reactions are the most common cause of injury to hospitalized patients, accounting for about 19 percent of the 1.3 million injuries to those hospitalized annually, studies have shown.
Game 2 and Game 3, if necessary, would take place in Cleveland on Monday and Tuesday nights.
Changing the tone of Iranian rhetoric about the United States is itself an achievement, and Mr. Khatami may have gone as far as he could for now, given the resistance of Iran's supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, to better relations with Washington.
It is the most important stimulus.
Ms. Ferre, 59, is one of those rare writers who are successful in two languages.
Cameron Mackintosh, who produced the musical with Andrew Lloyd Webber's Really Useful Theater Company, said it had earned more than $2.6 billion in productions around the world, which would make it the most successful stage musical of all time.
It is just a matter of timing.
Typically, there is also a trickle-down effect from dismissing the chief executive.
Inquiries to Peter Norman, 44 1483 503221.
Its two identities collided when a Federal jury in Kansas ordered the N.C.A.A.
''We would become one option for people who need a portion of their assets to be totally secure and always available,'' Mr. Blouke said.
'Remembering' I'll always remember you and your loving smile I remember those hot summer days when I would sit on your comforting lap Your embrace was not muscular or weak it was lemonade on a hot summer day Roller-Blading in the smoothly paved cul-de-sac the house standing to remember you The luscious forest green grass all around the house The tropical garden in back which Grandma planted with her own bare hands Fragrant magnolias, colorful roses, delicately placed stepping stones surrounding the stubby palm tree Picking flowers for you in the tropical garden Me, always looking for the perfect bouquet of flowers like a beaver looking for the best wood to make his house You would smile that loving smile that I'll always remember I thought of you as green grass under my feet Always being there never thinking of losing you The house is gone now only memories lay Skipping on the stepping stones Picking bouquets for you But you are gone now .
''The groups that are promoting alternative fuels are usually in another part of the organization, and getting those groups to work together is a problem.''
The second, less intense pair of lovers (you know, the cute ones) are played winningly by David Elder and Kristin Chenoweth, who share a terrific gymnastic dance number called ''Hangin' Around With You,'' which takes its title literally.
Its scientific name is castenea dentata.''
Besides closing in on the second playoff seeding in the American Football Conference, the Jets exorcised all the divisional demons lingering from the Bills' controversial defeat at New England and the Jets' lucky escape against Seattle at home.
An HBO spokeswoman said only, ''No decisions have been made.''
Ms. Jenkins-Sahlin went to public schools in Rye, N.Y., and graduated from Earlham College in Richmond, Ind., in 1973, well into the second wave of the women's movement.
Of Palm Beach, Florida, formerly of New York, died Saturday, June 6 in New York, surrounded by her loving family.
The mindless intolerance of the far right is a plague that serves as a perpetual check on the power of the party's more progressive forces, which are the forces with the widest appeal.
Mr. Tutera has produced all the subsequent galas for the Nature Conservancy.
Currently, the player the team selects as its franchise player must get the average salary of the top five players at his position.
But in California, legislation enacted last year to clarify their role ended up legitimizing a whole new class of entrepreneurs.
I clicked first on Business and Economy, then Companies, then Apparel, then Footwear, then Women's, then Brand Names.
They reported that Ms. Lewinsky said that Mr. Clinton expressed sympathy and directed her to Mr. Jordan for advice.
Nearly 300 people squeezed into the board meeting auditorium for the vote on Monday night.
The cycle is familiar: terrorism, rebellion and civil war engender secession and separatism.
Graveside service on Sunday, May 17, Riverside Cemetery, Saddle Brook, NJ, at 1:30 PM.
Big porterhouses for two, three or four, with plenty of butter spooned on top.
''He was looking for driving sounds, like pistons, in some areas, but basically he was very open about where it was going.''
Due process had been denied, he ruled.
Ms. Lewinsky had shaken hands with Mr. Clinton before, and along with dozens of other interns, she attended a party on the South Lawn on Aug. 19 in honor of his 49th birthday.
But voters were wary about supporting a candidate who has never lived in their region.
If their victim is on the other side, they kiss and make up.
''It was good closure for us.''
He scowled when he was playing, but after the buzzer sounded he was just plain Oak.
Finance charges on the unpaid balance are now to be calculated by a daily compounding method, rather than on a monthly average.
''You may be able to find similar stories in some communities in the state's large cities.''
''I never thought in a million years I'd be sitting here'' being ''acquired by Burnett,'' said Sean B. Bisceglia, chief executive at TFA, who joined Ms. Wolf for an interview.
Of all the winter denizens of the market, few can match the stamina of Bill McGraw of Rock Hill Bakehouse, who hasn't missed a Saturday at Union Square in nine years, regardless of the weather.
''And then, not really caring about what they said, just ignoring it.''
And because America Online still provides substantial content and specialized on-line functions of its own, users tend to spend more time with the service than they do on other so-called Internet portals.
The hockey federations tried to talk the Nagano organizers into finding a different slot for the women's final, so it could be shown in prime time in North America, but the hosts were inflexible.
In Monday's first match, Andre Agassi can clinch this round and his 17th consecutive Davis Cup victory, breaking Bill Tilden's record, by defeating Russia's top gun, No.
As the legal battle was taking shape, a former Pentagon colleague of Ms. Lewinsky, Linda R. Tripp, completed her fifth appearance before the grand jury.
Then Sullivan made three Hall of Fame pitches.
Once the stars are marooned in splendid isolation, the film has to cook up pirates and a snake in Ms. Heche's shorts just to keep afloat.
We're talking the Spanish-American War here.
Management of the house will be overseen by a separate board of directors.
Individual income tax payments soared 12 percent last year, to $737 billion.
The Picasso was one of 27 works from the Morton G. Neumann family collection.
Yet they are often thwarted, as in Idaho, where the State Legislature changed the law so that only ranchers could bid on state grazing land.
Theo de Rooy, the directeur sportif of the Rabobank team from the Netherlands and a fine rider a decade ago, was defensive.
The company is on track to meet its goal of cutting $4 billion in costs this year companywide, he said.
's early experiments made scrap of the Hickam fence, toaster, bathroom scale and water heater.
It felt like losing one of the family.''
After Daffy and Stephanie have an argument, the narrator notes: ''In those days, it was generally accepted that in any quarrel over a man the women were to blame.
''Rocks are made up of combinations of minerals,'' said Pat Standaert, assistant director of education at the museum and curator of the exhibition, offering a definition she uses with children.
By contrast, atomic bombs are fueled by uranium and plutonium, which are scarce and costly to acquire.
Last week, Mayor Richard Arrington Jr. of Birmingham, a five-term Democrat, endorsed Mr. Blount for the Republican nomination and announced that his mostly black political machine, the Jefferson County Citizens Coalition, would work to turn out Democratic votes for him.
The evening's performance was dedicated to the memory of Miguel Godreau and James Truitte, the original Hyppolite and St. John.
''I think we're talking about money here,'' Dr. DiPatri said about the concerns of the union, which, among other things, include a call for a pay raise in a new three-year contract.
Ethical Culture Society, Central Park West at 64th Street, (212) 691-6415.
Every camera abandoned the political leaders for the movie stars, and stayed with them for the rest of the march.
14 14 13 *VIOLIN, by Anne Rice.
''We deplore this despicable incident,'' Mayor Richard Arrington Jr. said.
But the name by the building's entrance also changed, and it is the removal of the shiny metal letters of the old name that has infuriated some residents and local officials.
The deal, which even local boosters had considered to be a pipe dream just a month ago, will give Hartford one of 31 National Football League franchises, relocating the Patriots from the Boston area.
For information and reservations: (800) 872-7245 or www.amtrak.com.
Ball in hand, Jorge Posada waited on the mound for the Yankees' closer, Mariano Rivera, to jog in from the bullpen.
Only then, he said, can they fully understand their rights.
It was a gain of 330.58 points, the third-biggest point advance on record.
The show appears at 10 P.M. on Wednesdays.
My mother comes home and says, 'I'm very disappointed in you.'
We set up a hospital fund for Angela.''
!, after which Black faces threats of 16 g3 and 16 Ne6.
New Jersey Health Care, $120 million of debt securities for Kimball Medical Center.
Officials at the Bedford-Stuyvesant Restoration Corporation in Brooklyn, which operates the day camp that the children attended, described him as an employee on the corporation's security and transportation staff.
How will governments deal with ''asymmetric shocks'' that affect the 11 countries in different ways?
The company, which lost $2 billion in the past two years, is likely to post its second consecutive quarter of modest profitability this month.
Italy's most antic funnyman dares to find humor and tenderness in the midst of the Holocaust, and his risk pays off.
The Rockefellers were one of this country's greatest philanthropic couples and their gifts were often defined by their art collections.
At 41 feet long, it is to be a kind of tugboat for the embryonic station, furnishing power and propulsion as well as communication and rendezvous abilities.
GIANTS -- Signed QB Kent Graham to a three-year contract.
''China still has an enormous way to go, and we intend to press them at every opportunity,'' a senior Administration official said.
The couple are associates at Boston law firms, the bride at Foley, Hoag & Eliot, the bridegroom at Goodwin, Procter & Hoar.
But she also said Mr. Vasquez seemed motivated by jealousy over her friendship with Mr. McMorrow.
Today, any list of living writers with strong political identities would have to include Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, Vaclav Havel, Gunter Grass, Dario Fo, Nadine Gordimer, Wole Soyinka, Gabriel Garcia Marquez, Octavio Paz, Mario Vargas Llosa and Carlos Fuentes.
NORTHLAND SHEEP DAIRY -- Jane and Karl North, 3501 Hoxie Gorge Road, Marathon, N.Y. 13803; (607) 849-3328.
His favorable ratings sagged to just 11 percent last week in The New York Times/ CBS News poll.
But no deal is going to give Mr. Netanyahu, or Yasir Arafat, everything they want.
also argued before the District Court that as a matter of law, the President could not assert a Governmental attorney-client privilege in the face of a Federal grand jury subpoena.
For some, Desperation Weeks represent the absolute peak of the season, the busiest time of the year.
We know movie stars' faces better than our own and we study them like astronomers poring over star maps, acutely aware of every face-saving stratagem: which part has been tampered with, which left to run slack, which teeth are too white, which jaw is too tight.
Ever heard of Donna Lauria?
Several pieces of mail addressed to the boys are intercepted daily by the sheriff's department, which turns the letters over to the boys' lawyers and parents.
In a meeting with Mr. Clinton last Monday, Mr. Cohen, General Shelton and the chiefs of the Army, Navy, Air Force and Marine Corps argued for at least a $10 billion increase in spending in next year's budget and a $112 billion increase over the next six years, the officials said, speaking on the condition of anonymity.
It is decorated with crisp white table cloths and upholstered chairs, and has an outdoor terrace facing St. Stephen's.
Under the terms of the deal, Ameritech's stockholders would get 1.316 share of SBC stock for each Ameritech share.
As trainers leaned over Douglas, his teammates -- in essence they were now his former teammates -- sprinted past him one after another, as if he were another traffic cone.
Since the new, Brill-fed frenzy began, most of the press criticism has been directed at Mr. Brill himself -- some of it well deserved.
The court required Mrs. Whitman to send an extra $248 million to the 28 poorest urban districts this year, so they could spend as much as the 120 wealthiest districts.
MARY JUDGE AND ROBERT KELLY, Betsy Senior, 375 Broadway, near Broome Street, (212) 941-0960 (through July 24).
The banal illustrator's style looks like that of Norman Rockwell's evil but less talented twin (Johnson).
He paused, then added, ''My grandmother was like that.''
I play Sunday at 4 P.M. ''When Kadil is practicing, I'm playing with Giovanni,'' she continued.
Maybe this overhanging clerical presence is what gives the festival a theological preoccupation.
Though these 6,500 islands are sparsely populated, their location has been of urgent strategic concern to Sweden -- a ''dagger pointed at Stockholm'' in the traditional alarmist phrase.
I mean, it's not the end of the road.''
Because, it is generally believed, Bulls management wants it that way, and is pushing Jackson out.
Sunbeam Plans to Restate Earnings Sunbeam expects to restate its financial statements for 1997 and possibly for 1996 and the first quarter of this year, because of possible accounting irregularities.
The last was the Denver Nuggets in 1994.
The layoffs are expected to result in a charge for the management company estimated at $1 million or $2 million.
But pollution and disease are prime suspects.
You're what music is all about.'
And ''Sing It Again,'' arranged like a Willie Nelson waltz complete with an acoustic guitar solo, wanders into unlikely chords as Beck sings, ''Oh won't you lay my bags upon the funeral fire?''
Jane and Raymond Epstein Christy and Johnny Sheehan Kevin Epstein and Sherry Skobac MENDELSON-Herbert L. Park East Synagogue mourns the passing of Herbert Mendelson, devoted law partner of our dedicated Trustee and Counsel, HarveyFeuerstein.
Indeed, the study of the Whitewater land deal commissioned by the Resolution Trust Corporation exonerated the Clintons of wrongdoing more than two years ago.
Blair was a late replacement for Hideo Nomo, who was removed from the rotation.
Charles A. Heimbold, Jr., Chairman of the Board, Phoenix House Foundation Burton M. Tansky, Chairman of the Board Phoenix House of Texas Mitchell S. Rosenthal, M.D.
Maris hit 59 home runs through 154 games, 1 short of Ruth.
Out of those, Mr. Hancock chose to try out half and whittled things down to a final dozen or so.
And history grants both New York and New Jersey a prominent role in the arrival of America's immigrants.
The novels are a connected series of close looks at Americans in her time.
''Losing today would have been devastating.
At last, the stage is set for the machinations that compel Boris to produce Reuben's play, despite its unhappy ending, and for the assortment of revelations that produce the altogether happy conclusion of ''The Fishkin Touch.''
Last summer's 73 rentals ranged from $2,500 for a week in a two-bedroom, 100-year-old house on Main Street to $75,000 for the season in a Great Gatsby estate on the sound.
An additional 31 signatures are needed to compel such release, but the drive to get them stalled when Mr. Gingrich promised to hold a fair debate and vote.
Shorter playing at his most wide-ranging and energetic.
Mr. Clinton has since admitted a sexual liaison with Ms. Lewinsky, and White House lawyers fear that his reversal may be enough to have the lawsuit reinstated.
A DEADLINE was clear Sept. 13 or else.
''I told him, my husband gives me a honeymoon every year where we go off and act like 20-year-olds, and there is no way I'm going to Delaware,'' she said.
Admission: $3; children 3 to 11, $2; under 3, free.
So we take every opportunity to have contact with Chinese doctors.''
And there were fewer buyers for their mortgage-backed securities.
Chess E3 Public Lives B2 Crossword C14 Weather D22
THE DOWNTOWN BOATHOUSE, between Hubert Street and North Moore Street on the Hudson River.
The sonnet expresses his gratitude that his beloved allows him to avoid much truth.
(324) On October 1, the President was served with interrogatories asking about his sexual relationships with women other than Mrs.
Actually, it is only part of her world, although she is determined to prevent the two halves from commingling.
Four-sectioned, ebony letter holders decorated with mother-of-pearl dragons, scrolls and flowers cost an unbelievable $6.
''It's a risk to put it out in the summer.
Unless that leadership arises very soon, the debate on school reform will be sound and fury, signifying nothing.
As the starter is fed, the bacteria eat the flour and multiply.
Spencer played tee ball and Little League, his mother recalled, and as a teen-ager Spencer passed up family vacations to remain at home in El Cajon, Calif., to play baseball in the summer.
When we were arranging for my wife's seven-week course of radiation therapy at Sloan-Kettering, we anticipated financial problems.
But, strangely, ''dead'' is not a choice, so the user needs to choose ''other'' for a deceased spouse.
The deck from which the girl falls belongs to the Prinze family, known from the ''all summer long pictures of them at parties and benefits and sporting events'' in the local weekly.
In 1890, newspapers called the baths, fed with river water, ''floating sewers.''
Their values of philanthropy, empathy and sensitivity to those less fortunate will live on through their children, Timon and Jennifer.
As part of the aid effort, future World Bank disbursement could be also be advanced.
''The first cop just kept pounding, punching my eye one after the other, boom, boom, boom, at least 20 times, like a boxer hitting a speed bag,'' Mr. Villa, now 23, said in an interview last week.
The land was purchased by my grandfather, who cleared it and grew fruits and vegetables.
The incident led quickly to the routine of checking all visitors for weapons and explosions.
''The Ride Down Mount Morgan'' deserves your attention, and soon.
''It sounded like a big crash, boom, then a lot of dust started flying and people were running out of the store,'' said Jonathan Hobbs, who had been near the site when the accident occurred.
Despite their name, baby kiwis are actually mature fruit, a variety developed in Russia at least 50 years ago.
''If he had been advised about consular notification and gotten some legal help from Canada, it might have made the difference in what sentence he received.''
For some patients, acamprosate has worked well.
But we are definitely playing very well right now.''
Our vices, well disguised in our earlier years, become more evident: greed, vanity, envy, selfishness.
In the years since, K -- from kilo, Greek for chillioi, thousand,'' or 10 to the third power -- has most often come to mean kilobyte, strings of binary digits expressed by 2 to the 10th power, or 1,024.
''I had one of my most profound experiences today,'' he said.
''When you deal with AIDS you have to deal with all of the issues, all of the -isms of our community,'' Mr. Cheeks said.
The weather is usually sunny and dry.
Coming Up ''Fosse: A Celebration in Song and Dance.
An example of how one person can make a difference, Arnie was truly society's mentor.
Does high-security trucking seem like overkill for stamps?
''You just have to try to keep a good attitude about it.''
So why is the Mayor technically right?
They told him to go for it.
Mr. Nakasone insists that this time the makeover will stick.
Syracuse (7-2) lost for the second time in five days.
Where to Eat The restaurant of the moment, Circa, The Prince, 2 Acland Street, St. Kilda, (61-3) 9536-1122, is dramatic with its designer curtains, minimalist with its spare courtyard and large potted olive trees.
To the Editor: A May 28 editorial on the Y2K (Year 2000) computer bug says that ''no one saw the millennium coming until it was just this close.''
''But this year, it's one day good and then one day bad.
The students scale the equivalent of 80 flights of stairs as fast as they can using a bench.
''They've done mail delivery, run shuttle services, provided potable water and taken care of solid waste,'' said Joan Kibler, the public-affairs officer for the Trans-Atlantic Program Center of the Army Corps of Engineers, which ran the service.
''There are no perfect mothers,'' he said.
And of course, the famous name.
That is anathema to German leaders, and the Maastricht treaty that established the ground rules for monetary union seems to solidly take the German view.
Its wisdom, and clearly Mr. Towne's, lies in the film's way of filtering a young man's headstrong nature through an older man's more rueful point of view.
And President Clinton's high approval rating, which hovers at 68 percent even as he prepares to be questioned about his relationship with Monica S. Lewinsky, is widely presumed to depend on continued, strong economic growth.
As a new round of tobacco settlement talks starts today in New York, state attorneys general are more in agreement about money than about specific public health goals.
Directed by Lisa Cholodenko (R, 96 minutes).
A member of Temple Emanu-El in Palm Beach.
A Memorial fund will be established in his memory.
Too often, it comes too late.
Mr. Stukelj said such experiences, both in athletics and life in general, have pushed him toward a place where the center, what he describes as the point of perfect moderation, is valued above all else.
''We've come up with reasonable increases,'' Dave Howard, the team's senior vice president for business affairs, said yesterday.
The bomb for which the latest letters claimed responsibiltiy went off last Thursday at the New Woman All Women Health Care Center on Birmingham's south side.
The Justice Department could seek such permission as early as Thursday.
''To stay competitive, we really have to be creative when it comes to marketing our product,'' said Jennifer Neuguth, who owns the company with her husband, David Riordan.
''These kids are in a no-win situation now,'' Leonard said.
Instead, he described himself as a man with ''unyielding faith in our court system -- our system of judicial review, the independence of our judges, our jury system, the integrity of the oath and the sanctity, yes, the sanctity of the judicial process.''
In the current National Basketball Association playoffs between the Bulls and the Pacers, the two coaches, Phil Jackson of Chicago and Larry Bird of Indiana, with dramatically diverse styles, are raising the art of trying to influence and twist the minds of the whistle-blowers to masterly heights, and, in the case of Jackson, a costly one, as well.
Never let it be said again that modern music evolved in lofty or innocent detachment from modern politics.
The company produces musicals as well as classic and contemporary plays in its annual season, October through June.
Kingsbridge, inhabited since the 1660's, is one of the borough's oldest neighborhoods, said Lloyd Ultan, the Bronx Borough Historian.
''I get angry,'' said the excitable Cox, ''when I run all that way and then just as I'm about to tackle him, the quarterback slides.
Hours Lunch, Mondays through Fridays, 11:45 A.M. to 2:30 P.M. Dinner, Mondays through Thursdays, 5:30 to 10 P.M.; Fridays and Saturdays, 5:30 to 11 P.M.; Sundays, 5:30 to 9:30 P.M. Reservations Advisable on weekends.
''It's all about the single, and there's no loyalty to bands.
''I'd give $100 for an ice-cold beer,'' Dugan is said to have whispered.
He became a partner at the law firms of Wein, Lane & Malkin and Greenbaum, Wolff & Ernst before joining Willkie, Farr & Gallagher in 1981.
Niagara Mohawk is seeking $3 million in damages for a variety of charges, including racketeering, fraud and commercial bribery.
Shares, however, dropped 1.28 marks, to 47.67 marks, after Telekom said its margin on nine-month mobile phone sales shrank to 15 percent from 22 percent for all of 1997.
Our mogul emerges from his hermit cave and comes to Broadway, too!
Her parents also owned and operated the Beechwood Inn in Barnstable, Mass.
He has a great antagonistic relationship with the audience; it's not as if everything he does is loved.
''There are some kids who know from the ninth grade where they want to go,'' said Michael Cheng, a Great Neck senior who was trying to decide between Stanford and the University of Pennsylvania.
The Greers lived in a relatively poor neighborhood with a large black population; it was being revived by a nonprofit housing program led by Batsheva's father.
Mr. Khoury, 38, is known as Nick.
NIKKI HENKIN Founder, 100-299 East 77th Street Block Association JOIE ANDERSON President, 300 East 77th Street Block Association
Will that start conversation about other current players?
Many European cities have done so, successfully.
Here, from the council and other sources, is assorted hot dog information.
Mr. Spitzer, for all his dishonesty on campaign funding, does offer the prospect of an attorney general who will not be hobbled by ideology.
POLISTINA'S is the latest restaurant in the mini-empire of Arthur Cutler, the impresario of Virgil's Real BBQ, Carmine's, Ollie's noodle shops and others.
A special issue of the Times Magazine.
Topics can be selected from the full range of personal finance, from investing to earning to spending to giving.
They said they had created a ''league office'' for racing, a national buying service, a national television plan and, pitching the whole effort toward a young audience, a new slogan: ''Go, Baby, Go.''
Jaromir Jagr left with the Penguins, eliminated by Montreal.
And then people wonder why they don't sell anything through their sites.
What has been sacrificed is a certain grandeur.
I don't want to ruin this for any young MTV viewers, especially those smart enough to be ''Daria'' fans, but adults (if they're willing to admit that to their teen-age children, students and other acquaintances, they really are idiots -- like every generation before them) would love this show.
JOAN TRAUB Salt Lake City, April 27, 1998
If he's not 100 percent, the Bulls will have a second chance to prey on him.
Integrated Electrical Services, Houston, an initial public offering of seven million shares, 5.6 million in the United States and Canada.
C1 EDITORIAL A14-15 Editorials: The Unabomber travesty; allies in corruption; managing managed care; Miami on the Hudson.
Financial disclosure reports filed on Thursday show that Mr. Blount has outspent Mr. James by $5.4 million to $2.5 million during the campaign.
The black-crowned night heron, most numerous perhaps because it is least fussy, dines on everything from fish and crayfish to frogs and insects, Mr. Mott said.
Officials like the Mayor often say that the city is the cultural capital of the world.
The Barnetts and their daughter, Camille, 3, live on the top floor -- in the same space where Ms. Barnett lived as a teen-ager.
Instead, Mr. Reilly defines his different professional personas through bad imitations of Mae West, Stan Laurel, John Wayne, Mr. Magoo and a whole menagerie of cultural icons.
What was also problematic was the way in which the report by Mr. Lim's review team made its way to the Chinese, according to the confidential letter.
3 singles before Laura Zifer of Duke (27-4) rallied to beat the sophomore Traci Green at No.
When I covered my first grand prix as a journalist in 1978, I rented a room with a local couple who lived about a half-block off Franklin Street.
His redemption extends beyond the baseball field.
Mainly the maids who dusted her curtains and served her tea.
''On the other hand, book value does have a sizable element of relevance if you're looking at a bank or an insurance company or a security broker.''
But their different approaches to restoring calm pointed up how intractable the issues are and how difficult any solution will be.
He noted that his Government had declared a ''voluntary moratorium'' on tests, and renewed an earlier offer by India to sign a pact with Pakistan that would bind each nation not to be the first to use nuclear weapons against each other.
The plea made those motions moot.
He supported the disastrous Gingrich/Lott strategy of forcing a Government shutdown in order to try to blackmail the White House into accepting repeal of key parts of the social safety net.
''No other black community in America was documented the way Bed-Stuy was,'' he said with obvious pride.
Contributions to James Parkinson Fund for Research, Department of Neurology, University of Medicine and Dentistry of N.J., New Brunswick, New Jersey 08903.
''We can be an excellent team,'' Kariya said.
The newspaper reported that in addition to the salary increase for the two-year contract, the team told Flutie's agent, Jack Mula, that after this season it wants to discuss extending the quarterback's contract past 1999.
Every summer for the last decade the trawlers have fanned out across the Mediterranean to hunt for the profitable swordfish and bluefin tuna.
Sheila Chefetz, owner of the Country Dining Room Antiques in Great Barrington, Mass., has an early-19th-century plate ($245) called ''The Young Charioteer'' that shows a little boy driving a go-cart pulled by miniature horses.
b4, is a wing attack on the center.
But on 1,000 acres that American Ski has acquired through a land swap with the state, it is planning a compact, pedestrian-oriented village with direct access to the mountain.
They do not require the approval of the City Council because they do not necessitate additional funding for the Police Department.
(Top Gun) (Bronze Star) (accepted into Special Forces), all of a sudden come home, party HARD, and, just like that, announce he was not only 'disillusioned' by SF, but was, in fact, leaving the service?''
Free with admission: adults, $3; students and the elderly, $1.50; children 6 to 16, 50 cents; ages 5 and under, free.
Muscles Yankee won the Hambletonian, the opening leg, in a career performance of 1 minute 52 2<diamond=5 seconds.
A22 Public Service Made Mandatory The Chicago public school system has become the largest district in the nation to require students to perform community service to receive a high school diploma, starting with this year's sophomore class.
In November 1995, he was traded to the Sharks for a draft pick, and they sent him to Chicago in early 1997 in the deal that brought Ed Belfour to the Sharks.
The nearly blind Zen master Gempo Sohan created a ''One Stroke Daruma'': The master meditator is sketched in a dashingly bare line that coils back on itself like a snail shell.
Finally, after practice, Parcells made all 80 players line up in a 3-point stance.
''Doulas complement the work that midwives do,'' said Jane Arnold, director of midwifery services at University Hospital and Medical Center in Stony Brook.
Its former printer, Wilcox Press of Ithaca, N.Y., demanded payment for copies it printed in 1995.
''I have never been approached by anyone'' interested in gambling, he asserted.
The Chamber of Commerce is gathering anecdotal evidence of the domestic fallout from the Asian financial crisis: Boeing expects 60 fewer aircraft deliveries to Asia.
Nervousness may have impinged on his performance, for at times his top notes were tight, and he resorted to shouting.
AS the 21st century approaches, John and Kathy Keeney Allegra are rushing back as fast as they can to the 19th century, a more leisurely time when the horse was king of the road.
Take Sanyo Securities, which in November filed for reorganization, a last attempt to save the company and avoid bankruptcy.
He has given only a couple of interviews over the years and is rarely seen on the celebrity charity circuit in New York, unlike other men and women of fortune on Wall Street.
The few countries that have shown interest in buying F/A-18's in the past, like Malaysia, are suffering from the same economic turmoil that has forced Thailand to reconsider its purchase.
Lawyers for Mr. Woodham have claimed that he was under the influence of the group's leader, Grant Boyette, 19.
I recall talking once to Ev Dirksen when he was leading the Republicans about how to get a civil rights bill passed.
At least seven of those conversations, the report said, were sexually explicit.
Six people who watched the address together in Miami were disappointed that Mr. Clinton did not include more serious proposals on the environment, and one wanted to hear about food stamps being restored to the elderly and disabled.
The key is to find out where your soil pH is.
Barry Gosin, chief executive officer of Newmark & Company Real Estate, mentioned another reason.
The show uses such unlikely (but, for this company, classic) devices as a set of television monitors, a wheelchair, voice-distorting microphones and Kabuki-flavored soft-shoe routines, techniques that somehow match O'Neill's vision of an alienated, mechanized world.
Dr. Yanagimachi's work on cloning has attracted the interest of a venture capitalist, Laith Reynolds of Probio America, who is setting up a consortium of companies and scientists to clone animals.
Meets on Sundays at 1 P.M. at the Lincoln Center fountain.
Although Konstantine loved America, his heart remained in Ukraine with a childhood friend, Tatiana Flyaks.
Fears were so high that ballots from several polling stations were mixed before counting to keep a village's vote secret.
They are used to control a wide range of equipment, everything from heating, ventilation, air-conditioning, to plastic injection molding machines to commercial washing machines.''
Now more kids are going to college and they want internships in their fields.
A celebratory installation of 69 Warhol-style portraits of famous gay (or supposedly gay) people by this German artist.
The patient should be encouraged to take the medication at a time when the attending physician is available, at least by phone.
Beforehand, I said the winner of this race would establish themselves as the one to knock off if you wanted the divisional title.
If the banks buy dollars, that will further drive down the value of the ruble and take another bite out of the buying power of rubles held by Russian citizens.
After all, though he is a top director in India, he had never directed a movie outside that country, and all his films have been in Hindi.
Ash Green, the senior editor at Knopf who called a serious biography ''summer reading,'' said that ''you get enduring subjects that appeal to each generation.
So why would that pose any problem to the President?
On low speed, beat in the Cognac.
This summer, law-enforcement officials have caught people shooting guns at uncovered practice mines and even at cases of abandoned dynamite.
The battle lines in the Congo's three-week-old civil war were redrawn today as Government soldiers and their allies recaptured a critical military base near the Atlantic coast, greatly reducing the possibility that rebel forces could march into the capital here.
JOE TORRE, the Yankees' manager, said he expected to keep HIDEKI IRABU in the rotation for the remainder of the regular season.
Tours of the Confino apartment are on Saturdays and Sundays at noon, 1 and 3 P.M.
RFR Davis itself is building 560 low-income apartments in seven projects -- in the Bronx, Staten Island, Brooklyn and Queens -- to generate these certificates.
''So I force myself to be positive.
''His quality-of-life program -- it is mostly good, but you have to define your parameters and let creativity come out.
I'm so fascinated by how people react to, exist in, come out of periods of unbelievable change and duress.''
way -- run and hide in the training room during the week when the news media enter the room.
His parents instilled in him what he later described as ''quaint old-fashioned socialism'' and the ''historic Jewish effort to realize the kingdom of God in this world.''
For Mr. Crouch, the single greatest expression of this commonality is the American vernacular art of jazz, through which, he writes in an extended essay on Duke Ellington, one can meet, ''in ever greater detail, the black, brown, beige and bone people whose suffering, whose celebration, and whose spiritual integrity formed beacons of tragic optimism for our culture.''
The Dow Jones industrials rose 55.61 points, or six-tenths of a percent, to 9,044.46, and the S.& P. 500 edged up 0.73 point, to 1,203.57, eclipsing a record set on Monday.
Belle, Thomas and Ventura homered in the same game for the second time this season.
The company said the worsening global slump had forced the manufacturer to take the additional action.
Like the final game, the opening one and seven other matches in the 64-game series will take place to the north of Paris in the 80,000-seat Stade de France, an engineering marvel with a cantilevered roof the size of the Place de la Concorde, but with only 6,000 parking spaces.
The talks this week are aimed at satisfying House Republican leaders, who are being pressed by conservatives within their party who have questioned whether the economic crisis that has swept the third world is evidence that the monetary fund has outlived its usefulness.
The Bronx was the first borough to comply.
There is one part of Mr. Giuliani's campaign, however, that is not making a dent in improving traffic safety, Mr. Kaehny said.
For every beleaguered widow and irritated homeowner who has marveled at the Senator's willingness to be of aid, there appears to be a long line of Wall Street executives, investment brokers and credit card companies that have asked Mr. D'Amato for assistance and sealed the request with a contribution.
Barry J. Langley is to perform the ceremony at the Roman Catholic Church of St. Anthony of Padua in Wilmington, Del.
The two businesses had combined 1997 revenue of $121 million.
As so often, the listener could wish only that Mr. Abbado had wanted more.
''Everybody's having fun with this stuff, but real martini drinkers are suffering,'' he said, speaking on the telephone from club headquarters in Athens, Ohio.
But she got a pencil stuck in the back of her gob one day.
Her father was the executive vice president of the Liggett-Rexall Drug Company, then based in New York.
This collection of works by seven art stars of the 1980's (Robert Gober, Mike Kelley, Martin Kippenberger, Cady Noland, Richard Prince, Cindy Sherman and Christopher Wool) exudes a dispiriting mood of coolly aggressive negativity, like a group of smart but sullen teen-agers.
In December, the company sold its power-generation business for $1.53 billion to German conglomerate Siemens A.G.
No injuries were reported, and the blaze was extinguished by 7 P.M., Chief Burns said.
The essential problem, still unresolved, is how to define the new structure in a way that lets Catholics and Protestants describe it as victory or at least an honorable compromise.
Financing is to come from the partners' equity and private lenders.
Sheldon Jacobs, who edits the No-Load Fund Investor in Irvington, N.Y., retains the overall lead among the five managers, with a gain of 128.4 percent since the contest began on July 7, 1993.
But other experts said the government was engaged in an increasingly desperate struggle to ease the consequences of a burst bubble economy.
The state aid had originally been intended to help school districts provide intensive care and services for children with severe disabilities, like blindness or mental retardation.
Back then, we all used to wear baggy clothes.
After 24 years of preparations and almost as much time in litigation, the world's first deep, underground nuclear waste storage site won a Federal license today to begin burying plutonium, with deliveries that could begin on June 19.
Ruben Cantu, executed Aug. 24, 1993 Last meal request: Barbecue chicken, refried beans, brown rice, sweet tea and bubble gum.
''This is not really meant to reflect the work of the fourth grade,'' she said.
He was also a past master of the Masonic lodge No.
Call it the Buffett effect.
The bread soaks up the sauce and melts on the tongue.
''We'll get our snow shovels out.
Dave Gibboni, a chemist, likes to use a cone-shaped Erlenmeyer flask to steep saffron in hot water: after all, it was designed so you can swirl a solution without spilling.
''Some had to go right to work, others went through college and had professional careers.
Boeing shares rose 18.75 cents, to $34.6875.
USWeb's stock has fallen to $14.50, from a high of more than $38 in April.
The bridegroom, 28, is a director in fixed-income research in New York, with CIBC Oppenheimer, an investment bank.
In addition, Mr. Ortiz, who is admired on Wall Street for his hard-headed approach to fiscal management, is the first official to start a full term as the head of the central bank since it was endowed with new independence in 1994 in legislation written, interestingly enough, by the National Action Party.
Many of these films are interesting but often flawed as independent films can be.
All had their quota of Baroque curtsies and folk patterns before the choreography led into impish strutting on toe for the women and the men's cabriole competitions.
And what if Lipinski should somehow not skate her way into the top three?
Urocor, based in Oklahoma City, provides products and services used to diagnose and treat urological problems.
Stock options have become an increasingly popular way to pay executives, and even some nonmanagerial-level employees, because no expense is recorded on a company's annual profit-and-loss statement, yet the company gets an income-tax deduction.
And at the San Francisco Opera, two board members have asked to defer or delay their pledges, as have several donors to the Boston Lyric Opera.
Now the question is whether there is enough time.
WHILE others are sleeping in, playing golf or getting an early start on errands on Saturday mornings, Donald R. Wilde of Briarcliff is on the train to Manhattan to get to his 9 o'clock class in Washington Square where he teaches English to refugees.
You know, as hard as it is to believe, right now, our country has no national defense against missiles carrying nuclear, chemical, or biological warheads.
''Real dancers,'' he explained, ''are ones who want to work and explore.
TOULOUSE OPEN 878th No More The junior Wimbledon champion Roger Federer of Switzerland pulled off his second upset at the Toulouse Open in France, beating seventh-seeded Richard Fromberg, 6-1, 7-6 (7-5).
She will be responsible for the company's television operations worldwide, including the development, production and distribution of new shows; the acquisition of other programs, both domestic and internationally, and the creation and oversight of the proposed Henson cable network.
Mr. Osby has been criticized for the mathematical quality of his music, for the ambiguity in the rhythmic and melodic material of his lines; they can feel as if they're constructed of thin metal rods rather than the stretchy, billowy stuff of most jazz saxophone playing.
With time the kibbutz added a juice factory, a furniture factory, a large nursery, and turf production for lawns and parks, in addition to its agricultural products.
''It will be a behemoth in the midst of smaller buildings.''
That bill called for installing sprinklers in new residential buildings that were three stories or higher, and for installing sprinklers in the stairwells and public hallways of existing buildings within five years.
''Of those witnesses who survive, who will dare to talk?''
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees.
Facing a $6.6 million deficit in a $231 million budget, officials have shut down 82 beds at Audie Murphy and 11 at Kerrville, about 60 miles northwest of San Antonio.
CALL it in-your-face flouting of political correctness (culinary branch) or a trip down Nostalgia Lane, but Morton's of Chicago adds a new level of big-city professionalism (and prices) to Stamford's dining scene.
The Memphis museum provides by far the most comprehensive interpretation of any of the civil rights exhibitions, and it is sometimes criticized for being too dense with words.
I took no risks because I had nothing to say.''
the carpenter had laughed as he tore off a chunk of the tired red frame and flung it over the fence.
The national average price of a pack of cigarettes is $1.95.
Her body was found in the car, a green Ford Taurus, after it was abandoned on the eastbound lanes of the bridge's lower level.
It is a process that has him focusing on specifics like remedial education and the broader issue of how a university can meet the needs of a diverse population like New York City's.
Given what happened at the box office and the Academy Awards in this case, the omission of an escalator takes on a titanic size of its own.
With order finally restored, Johnson threw a second pitch in almost the same spot to set off another bench-clearer.
But by an afternoon news conference, he sounded defiant again, as if President Fujimori's refusal to accept his resignation signified a victory.
The board members said that they had forged ahead with their plan, even though Proposition 227 loomed, because the voter initiative could become tangled in legal challenges.
''I don't think we have the proper diagnostic codes to describe these kids,'' says Laurie Miller, a pediatrician at the New England Medical Center's International Adoption Clinic.
''Barbecue has to be cooked on wood or charcoal, and it has to be cooked slow enough so it's not grilled, so you're using more smoke than flame,'' said Lolis Eric Elie, whose ''Smokestack Lightning: Adventures in the Heart of Barbecue Country'' (Farrar, Straus & Giroux, 1996) is the best book I've read on the subject.
The eastern shore of Belmont Bay is formed by Mason Neck, a boot-shaped peninsula that juts into the Potomac.
He received a summons for unlawful assembly and another for ''failure to comply with directions.''
A22 Democrats' Campaign Agenda President Clinton was warmly received by Democrats on Capitol Hill, where he rolled out a campaign agenda for the November midterm elections.
For that reason, wrote Isabelle Katz Pinzler, an acting assistant attorney general, the system violates the Voting Rights Act.
The headquarters of Mr. Buti's yet-to-open international sports theme restaurants occupy the second floor, and bears the 33d Street address.
Last year, just 46 companies announced dividend reductions, the lowest since 1973 and down from 50 last year.
But to get a second crack at Graf, who was lurking ahead in the semifinals, Davenport needed to make a stepping stone out of Natalie Tauziat last night in the quarterfinals.
Free delivery range: West Side, from 72d Street to 96th Street.
Stanford (30-4) is in its first Final Four since 1942, while Kentucky (31-4) is in its third in a row.
At the center of the new venture will be a monthly publication that Ms. Brown described as ''a sizzling, 21st-century magazine .
At the heart of the today's action are the rules and fees governing the so-called settlement rate, the fees that phone companies make to each other to complete calls.
Parcells will use Testaverde to scare Foley, and later in the season, if Foley falters and Testaverde starts a game or two, Parcells will use Foley to push Testaverde.
His mother, Elizabeth H. Paul, is an information specialist at the Michael Allen Company, marketing and strategic planning consultants in Westport, Conn. His father is a senior vice president and the general counsel of the Xerox Corporation in Stamford.
I also will not just sit there and look at the ceiling.
They live in Borough Park, near the school where Ms. Zhao was injured.
I don't even know if he remembers.
Some members of the group have branched out into more mainstream design.
At the same time, they are hearing footsteps.
But when it does, the big surprises are likely to come as we -- and managements and regulators -- find out just where the risks ended up when the music stopped.
I'm one thing without my artificial limbs.
But the new chief executive, William Allen, thinks Mr. Iacocca can be a big help, though the endorsement is short on details of Mr. Iacocca's role.
You will learn many things from Gordon Grice's elegant, morbidly fascinating new book, ''The Red Hourglass,'' in which he combines the observations of a naturalist with a dry, homespun philosopher's wit to reflect on predators.
Saturday's and Sunday's losses had the impact of a gnat smashing against a mountain.
Mary Nance-Tager, a 35-year-old teacher frustrated in her search for a home for her family in brownstone Brooklyn, echoed a widespread sentiment: ''We don't want extravagance, but I guess our extravagance is wanting to live in New York City.''
What is undignified about that?
''I realize I was throwing down a bit of a gauntlet,'' Dr. Kimmich said.
Recycling generally involves destroying something so that its materials can be re-used.
They will be eligible for ''at least six months to as much as a year'' in severance pay, said John Wren, the president and chief executive at Omnicom in New York.
But the team gained no ground there yesterday either.
She strikes a pose in the middle of the kitchen, legs spread in a runner's stride, arms pointing in opposite directions, fists balled.
Hours: Mondays through Fridays, noon to 4 P.M.; Saturdays and Sundays, 2 to 4 P.M. 68 Elm Street, Summit.
Meanwhile, plans are being advanced for updated editions of the diary to include the new material in full.
There are practically as many species of aphids as there are plants for them to plague.
The same official reportedly asked if the Government could set up an international press center with hundreds of direct dial international lines, to accommodate the estimated 250 journalists traveling with Mr. Clinton.
''There was just a big downdraft in the stock market,'' he said.
In a recent conversation with James Barron of The New York Times, Mr. King looked back at his life and career, and how a sense of place influenced both.
Mr. Freeman has largely stuck to that style, but in the most recent quarter he has slashed some of the fund's larger and more longstanding positions in stocks of cyclical companies.
His caring, creative and energetic leadership was a beacon for the modern analytic community.
Beloved husband of Kyle Good and devoted father of David.
''It was all about getting back to playing sound football.''
By rather brief tradition, the literature of choice at the year-old Public Affairs publishing house started by the Random House refugee Peter Osnos is intelligent and reflective -- serious nonfiction scorned by conglomerates seeking best-seller profits.
The Mayor said he had started assembling a panel of educators, clergy members and city, community and corporate leaders to plan the summit.
He restated his desire to return to the Rangers for what would be his 20th season in the National Hockey League, and said he was optimistic that management would bid for free agents this summer to improve the team.
''I listen to what they are saying and stuff, but I don't pay attention to them.
It's telling that little of the early Oscar talk about ''Beloved'' centers on the title character, played in aggressively unsettling fashion by the British actress Thandie Newton.
Judith Stern Peck, Board Chair Louise B. Greilsheimer, President Stephen D. Solender, Exec.
She jokingly squeezed a squeaky rubber toy, but one couldn't help being amazed as well as amused by the variety -- and the depth -- of the sounds coming from these cheap instruments.
The Democrats' censure statement -- drafted by Rick Boucher of Virginia, Bill Delahunt of Massachusetts and Thomas M. Barrett of Wisconsin -- also states that Mr. Clinton ''remains subject to criminal and civil penalties for this conduct.''
The State Senate Republican majority leader, Joseph L. Bruno, proposed much the same thing last month, and prominent members of the Assembly's Democratic majority said it was unlikely that their house would block the plan.
Mr. Netanyahu's Government, however, has indicated that it intends to keep a large part of the West Bank in any final settlement, Mr. Zogby said.
He discovered no horrible secrets -- his father had kept the diary locked because of a generic fear of Communist government officials -- but far more detail in the stories he had heard so many times during his childhood.
And the humor is of the lamest sort; late in the proceedings a game-show parody, of all tired things, is staged.
Jon Farhat, the visual-effects supervisor who gave Mr. Murphy a believable case of multiple personality disorder for that film, does an artful, unobtrusive job of integrating computer-generated animal acting with real creatures here.
Prof. Melvin Schwartz, Chairman Feinberg Graduate School Prof. Samuel Safran Dean FEINBERG-Abraham.
As for Graham, Parcells acknowledged, ''At some point in time you've got to consider economic conditions.''
Northwest, the St. Paul-based airline, had 1996 revenues of $9.88 billion.
''The feelings going through his mind must be something, on top of his surgery.
I could escape all of that and just read, because I wanted to, not because I was looking for a solution to something.
The whole evening often feels like Pandora (Gretchen Cleevely), twirling in the moonlight on the eve of her wedding, while calling out: ''Come look at me everyone.
Ron Price, poet and teaching artist-in-residence at Juilliard, has translated into English from German, Greek and French the poems of Rilke, Seferis, Char and Eluard, respectively, and a work by the Norwegian playwright Jon Lockert.
Meares Island, still clothed in its ancient cedars, rises steeply across Tofino Inlet on one side, with a village of the Clayoquot people at its base that has been in that spot for thousands of years.
A Kenneth Starr who arranges to tape a gossipy conversation about the President to expand the reach of his investigation -- I don't know that Ken Starr.
Mazhar Goker, 35, came to Rinkeby from Turkey in 1972, and his family were the only immigrants on the block.
Unlike Del Rio, Eagle Pass had some warning.
Mr. Bauer said that he was part of the North Jersey Impeach Clinton Action Committee and that he disliked the President because of allegations of improper fund-raising by the Democrats.
He distrusts names, for example, because the existence of the word conservation permits people to embrace the cause of the environment without having to take steps to protect it.
The two had been installed as a result of elections carried out with the help of the United Nations.
Although there are some well-trained and well-equipped regiments in the Angolan Army, many soldiers are conscripts who have not been properly trained or paid.
In contrast, Malaysia's benchmark bonds are trading 5.76 percentage points above United States Treasury bonds with similar maturities.
But Isaac Lagnado, president of Tactical Retail Solutions, a market research firm in New York, said: ''The reality is Saks is not some underperforming laggard like Proffitt's has bought in the past.
I have learned that the plankton starts the food chain, and if the river gets filthy the plankton will die.
The findings suggest that it may be difficult to meet Federal standards for smog-causing ozone and other pollutants without reductions in tailpipe pollution beyond what the auto industry already is promising, Government and private sources say.
Paul Dergarabebian, an executive at Exhibitor Relations, which collects box office data for the studios, said the lower figures were at least partly a result of the fact that the Fourth of July fell on a Saturday this year rather than a weekday, meaning more family gatherings and less moviegoing.
Phil Housley and Theoren Fleury scored for the Flames.
Alliance probably should never have structured the fund as a closed-end one.
For the first 11 months of 1997, ad pages rose 5.6 percent from the corresponding period a year earlier, to 209,726.
''I tell you quite frankly, strange things do happen in the art world,'' she said, describing how she once gave advice to a talented, fragile young artist who committed suicide soon afterward.
Though he winced at their soak-the-rich rhetoric, Rubin sympathized with the populists and let them make their case to Clinton.
But clearly, they made a decision a year ago, during the playoffs, that there was the likelihood that they would disband.
He is said to have been heartened by his finding of a doubloon under water at the Florida coast in the 1960's, in an era when salvage was based on Britain's admiralty law, which held salvagers' work to be in the public interest.
''We saw that as a team we are not going to back down and that Ozzie wasn't going to back down,'' Lidstrom said.
Still, Mr. Carhart said, ''there are other impediments to doing business in Vietnam.''
In some districts, the Republican issue advertisements have more than doubled the amount of television advertising on behalf of Republican candidates.
Both Neil Abercrombie and Patsy Mink, the state's Democratic House members, won re-election, as did its Democratic Senator, Daniel K. Inouye.
Everyone in the business of producing, labeling, serving and selling food needs to know exactly what is in the food and must tell the public.
FORT WAYNE KOMETS--Signed G Pokey Reddick.
Brown left the game with his head bowed immediately after Tucker's blow.
That came after Washington had scored 10 points in 56 seconds to overcome a 26-17 lead.
To the Editor: ''Can You Crush the Millennium Bug?''
Tuesdays through Fridays at 8 P.M.; Wednesdays and Saturdays at 2 and 8 P.M.; Sundays at 2 P.M. Tickets: $35 to $60 (Brantley).
On the largest scale, the whole finale seems to be a variation of the first movement, and perhaps the thrust of the entire work is to get that opening tune to a new place.
Now, presented with an agreement bearing the imprimatur of Kofi Annan, the Secretary General of the United Nations, Mr. Clinton could hardly turn his back on it and send the bombers in.
The price NBC paid to stave off defeat is eclipsed only by the price Fox paid to try to steal a win.
Tomorrow at 11:30 A.M. Also Sunday, same time.
One overwhelmed senior White House adviser doing preparatory work said he receives 40 phone messages and 40 faxes a day but answers only the most urgent.
Three titans of the personal computer industry have joined with most of the nation's largest local telephone companies to enable consumers to receive Internet data over regular telephone lines at speeds much higher than are currently possible, according to executives involved with the alliance.
New York City is one of the few jurisdictions in the country that does not require licenses of the people who actually supervise entire projects.
After losing the final two games of that series -- Game 6 largely because of Buckner's infamous error at first base -- Boston was swept in three consecutive series, a string of 13 games that kept prattle about the Curse of the Bambino alive.
The clips provide the evidence.
The funeral service will be held Tuesday, March 10 at 4 PM at The First Presbyterian Church, 12th St and 5th Ave.
The two subcultures are now slowly backing off from a 1991 confrontation that made headlines, and cooperating in a community-service group called Project CURE!, trying to turn the recently hostile residents back into citizens.
Would I follow these people even as far as the 7-Eleven?''
The defense lawyers told the jury that their clients had already announced their intention to support the project and were guilty of sloppy reporting of contributions at worst, which is not a Federal crime.
La Raza, which celebrates its 30th anniversary this year, was expected to attract more than 12,000 community, business and government leaders for the four-day conference.
For the past decade, Miyake's primary mode of differentiation has been the pleat.
The gains in Asian stocks have been aided by currency rebounds.
The Republicans have accused the fund of overly generous lending practices that encouraged some foreign governments, including those that requested bailouts over the last year, to adopt reckless economic policies.
But last winter The Boston Globe reported that the attorney, Weld S. Henshaw, a partner in the Boston law firm Choate Hall & Stewart, was aware that Guatemalan law required export permits for Mayan artifacts but that no permits were issued.
The down-and-dirty music of the Mississippi Delta sure does tug at the hero of this frisky debut mystery, a gone-to-seed blues historian named Nick Travers who plays harmonica at JoJo's Blues Bar, the ''last of the old New Orleans blues joints.''
Mrs. Marks-McGee, 29, is a marketing project manager at Noville, a fragrance and flavor manufacturer in South Hackensack, N.J. She graduated from Washington University in St. Louis.
Just having a peer group to meet with is a benefit in itself, said Gabriel Richardson, 17, also a senior.
Joe Baker, a Native American artist, will offer an illustrated lecture about his paintings and beadwork on Aug. 6 at 6 P.M.
Mr. Botstein has been gaining technical control as a conductor, and the American Symphony Orchestra played for him with confidence.
Mr. Drabinsky said that he had been thinking for almost a year that he could not continue running Livent's financial and creative operations, and that he welcomed this chance to focus on the creative side.
''Nicotine is the most frequently abused drug in the world, and every smoker who's tried knows how hard it is to quit,'' said Stephen Dewey, the scientist who led the study at Brookhaven National Laboratory.
From her apartment in the East Harlem School building, Mrs. Hageman beamed at the thought of what her family had accomplished.
He meant that he could only do something about the score when his turn in the batting order came around, or when the ball flew his way in center field.
''Eleanor and Franklin,'' from 1976, with Jane Alexander and Edward Herrmann, feels stiff today, though it remains shrewd about political realities.
''Some are music, some poetry, some are technology, and they're pretty evenly split, about half and half men and women.''
Aboard the vessel was a rich cargo of data expected to reveal subtle mechanisms that drive changes in the world's climate.
On the whole, American schools are far better than most critics wish to admit, particularly at the high end, where they easily rival the best that Japan and Western Europe have to offer.
The student, Christopher Weiner, was convicted of sexually assaulting a female student, somewhere off the school grounds.
Why are there so many people without homes?
A. G. Edwards & Sons.
Dr. Jones conceded that the advertisement might have been worded in a way that caused more fear than assurance.
Bow ends up piloting the vehicle called Our Dog up and down the turnpike.
It has an almost structural strength.''
It did not stray an inch from where it began.
The National Weather Service site gets good marks for explaining, unlike any other site, how weather information is actually recorded.
It eventually became ''Cornelia,'' a play about Cornelia Wallace, the second wife of Gov.
At that point, I cut them back to within a couple of inches of the ground.
The TCI deal follows AT&T's agreement in January to acquire Teleport Communications Group Inc., a competitive local phone provider, for $11.3 billion.
An article last month in The Omaha World-Herald began this way: ''Here's a quiz for computer-skilled workers across the country: Omaha is the home of: A. Omaha who?
Even so, that means that $4.2 billion in Russian savings is now up for grabs, and those depositors are not happy.
And the exposure to liability that individual board members face in that area has never been greater.
Admission, $5; free for those under 12.
Admission: $8; $5.50, students and the elderly; under 12, free (Michael Kimmelman).
This bright and cheery room looks like a farmhouse.
Most recently, its stock has been buffeted by questions about whether Asian financial woes will depress profits.
Ergoset is a low-dose, fast-release oral formulation of bromocriptine, a drug previously approved by the F.D.A.
In a few days, he probably will forget this weekend's activities.
Transplanted to the lushness of California, the same vines burst forth like prisoners suddenly released from the meanest of jails, growing in an unwanted profusion of fruit and leaves.
Ms. Rollain described the R.V.
An auction of Government debt scheduled for today was canceled, the central bank said, but it did not give a reason why.
A result of Mrs. Blank's visit was a mellow glow.
''I had these ideas and started to realize they sounded like a really good story.
After all, for a product whose major marketing claim is a virtual tautology, continuity can be compelling.
Mr. Perkins said that he had had several discussions with city staff and organizers, as recently as Monday evening, but that neither side seemed willing to change its position.
While Moscow may continue to oppose any NATO use of force against Serbian forces in the southern province of Kosovo, Ms. Albright said, NATO must be prepared to act regardless.
A16 An Ex-Prosecutor's Admission Thomas Capano, a 49-year-old former Delaware prosecutor and governor's aide, admitted through his lawyer that he had disposed of the body of his mistress, Anne Marie Fahey, who was Gov.
Charlene Alling performed the ceremony at St. Mary's-by-the-Sea Episcopal Church in Northeast Harbor, Me.
Another board member, who would not allow her name to be used, said the party system, while useful, had a ''fox-in-the-henhouse appearance.''
Mr. Abiola proclaimed himself the winner of the vote, and was jailed on the grounds of treason after he declared himself President on the first anniversary of the vote.
American and NATO officials said today that despite some withdrawals, the Yugoslav Army still had substantial forces in Kosovo.
Both have proved that they aren't national-title caliber teams, but they are fine ones and the winner will have earned the Rose.
He chose Guthrie lyrics that can be whimsical and rude, affectionate and pensive, connecting them back to Elizabethan ballads and forward to Guthrie's rock heirs.
The Hines will accept it for him at the awards dinner in Palm Springs, Calif.
On average, a 30-year fixed-rate mortgage dropped 12 hundredths of a percentage point last week, an unusually large change, to 6.78 percent, with jumbo rates falling to an average of 7.16 percent.
I said, 'Oh, my God, this is our worst nightmare.'''
''If the attack had been successful, our lives would have been shattered.
''With guys, you get a lot more rough-edged, hustler style, like they're still in the pool halls and bars.''
''At moments when a woman in labor needs medical care, a doctor or midwife is busy providing medical support but a doula can offer emotional support,'' she said.
But other experts are not so sure, pointing to the continuing decline in union membership nationwide.
Lewis, a commercial artist until his mid-40's, when he took up printmaking in a serious way, was one of the few artists to devote himself almost exclusively to the graphic medium.
The house antipasto plate is another highlight, likely to include first-rate prosciutto, peppery salami and fresh mozzarella, all on a bed of arugula.
The company's top executives have replied that the Government and Judge Jackson have imposed unreasonable demands and have taken steps that will stifle innovation and result in fewer, more expensive choices for consumers.
The bond's yield, which moves in the opposite direction from the price, fell to 5.66 percent, from 5.68 percent on Wednesday.
His Administration promised me a healthier life if I would accept assignment of a computer code -- a number or thumb print or retina marker or other electronic gizmo to be called a U.H.I., a unique health identifier.
In advanced mathematics and physics, no country performed more poorly.
''It's a new world, you know, the Internet.
On the morning of Aug. 7, at least two men drove a Mitsubishi Canter van into the rear parking lot of the embassy and up to a barrier leading to a garage underneath the building, witnesses say.
In exchange, the Talmages would give the county development rights to another 101-acre parcel of farmland that the county would choose and the family would purchase.
The organization is trying to offer them a special four-year education program that will ready them for school exams.
''He hasn't been willing to blow the whistle or speak the truth publcly.
The consensus is no, although the story appears to have gained credence because of subsequent rumors.
The announcement sent a shiver through many of the country's newsrooms, and some editors warned that the inquiry was politically motivated.
It was late (the very civilized policy is ''We serve breakfast until all the guests have eaten,'') and the promised newspapers were gone.
While Houston is said to be interested in offering the free agent a hefty sum, the Wizards seem determined to hold on to Strickland now that Richmond is in the fold.
Dr. Harold T. Shapiro, president of Princeton University and chairman of the National Bioethics Advisory Commission, which advised the President, said: ''The main point of our recommendation was not whether it would be three to five years or one to two years or seven to eight years, but it was moral prudence.''
LIVING THE BILL OF RIGHTS How to Be an Authentic American.
Pete Wilson and Attorney General Dan Lungren, have chosen sides in the primary.
Opponents of the program want to limit spending to the $625 million already raised.
One result of all that shuffling is that AT&T is renovating an 836,000-square-foot structure and building four adjacent structures with a total of 1 million square feet, at a 262-acre corporate campus off Laurel Avenue near exit 114 of the Garden State Parkway in Middletown.
If dollars do indeed equate to respect among players, is Michael more than 13 times better than Scottie?
Under the bill, the limits on the wholesale and retail prices of milk would be adjusted according to fluctuations in the Consumer Price Index.
They are likely to want to protect their portfolios from inflation without generating more income, which would require payment of Federal income taxes.
Mr. Silverman's company, which was formed in a merger in December of CUC International, a discount shopping organization, and HFS Inc., the franchiser of Avis rental cars and hotels like Howard Johnson and Ramada Inn, uses similar sales techniques as American Bankers in selling its discount shopping items.
WORONOV-Gertrude A. Widow of Nathan.
A spokesman for Chase Manhattan, which was not charged with any wrongdoing, also could not be reached.
From the clogged lines of pollution-spewing trucks on Manhattan streets to the endless parade of buses down the city's avenues, diesel exhaust takes a huge toll on people's health, contributing to the incidence of lung cancer, asthma and other diseases, environmentalists and public health advocates say.
It is not about school vouchers, length of school days, comparisons with Japan, assessments or tenure.
Then, last week, Attorney General Janet Reno ordered a 90-day preliminary inquiry into whether Mr. Gore lied to investigators last year when he was interviewed about his telephone fund-raising solicitations from the White House.
Among large-cap stocks, he said in a recent interview, ''our effect on the market is more one of noise.''
We appreciate this offer from a good neighbor and we hope that McDonald's will take a similar step.
''Doctor Dolittle'' opened on July 14 at Labatt's Apollo to decidedly mixed reviews though considerable applause for Mr. Thompson's elegant and witty designs, which include a riotous jumble of a study for Dolittle, in which animals from Jim Henson's Creature Shop can be seen poking out from among the rows of books.
All three lectures will take place from 4 to 6 P.M. and cost $10 each.
The Twins, who claim to have large financial losses, need the $3 million.
Mr. Beattie said that in the meetings, which are the subject of the Justice Department inquiry, Mr. Holbrooke was always careful to focus on either his work for the Clinton Administration or on his work for Credit Suisse -- but never the two together.
He said that testimony by the chairman of the Fed to the House Banking Committee on Tuesday did not add much to previous comments about the vulnerability of the nation to the global crisis, nor shed any light on whether the policy-making group will change interest rates when it meets Sept. 29.
But the acting director general of the National Lottery, John Stoker, had his own announcement Wednesday.
Our thanks to all who have communicated their love and support.
The Rams plan to look at him at fullback, where they currently have only Derrick Harris and Raymond Priester.
Depending on your side, he has rightly or wrongly changed the pace of negotiations a bit.
She graduated summa cum laude from Princeton University, where she was elected to Phi Beta Kappa, and received her law degree from Yale University.
If your boss is always on you, you have an option of leaving your job.
Surely if there is an implicit contract between viewers and public broadcasters it must contain a provision against treating the audience like saps.
But the planning went on.
So far, the Giants haven't told Brown what their plans are for him.
Gejdenson (D) Nay Nay 3.
He doesn't see much value in independently researching the kinds of companies he buys.
The Metropolitan Opera deeply mourns the death of our beloved colleague and friend, Richard Cassilly.
Loving great grandmother of Jackson and Ellie Berler.
Such a ban would be the most important measure because it affects the economy most directly.
Ezra Hurwitz impressed with his gravity as Drosselmeier's nephew, and when transformed into the Nutcracker prince, he gave his major mime scene unusual clarity and vitality.
In Fatehpur, we also found a number of young men offering to be guides.
The space where Le Cirque used to be will become the private party room.
She is survived by her husband, Warren G., daughters Helen K. Buckwalter, Anne K. Thompson and sons Warren G. and John S. and nine grandchildren.
In the civil deposition, when asked if he had met with Ms. Lewinsky ''several times'' while she worked at the White House, the President responded that he had seen her on two or three occasions during the government shutdown, ''and then when she worked at the White House, I think there was one or two other times when she brought some documents to me.
Mr. Ruchser said his dad, Louis W. Ruchser, was stationed in Algiers and then Italy as a radioman-waist gunner on a B-24.
Transit officials hoped to diminish the effect on uptown and Bronx residents by adding buses on four crosstown routes.
All in all, this sportsmanship seems to me one of the best things in recent baseball.
As Billy, the baritone Thomas Hampson offers one of his finest characterizations, devoid of superficiality and beautifully sung.
The Atlanta Journal-Constitution must identify law enforcement officials who were sources for articles about Richard A. Jewell and the Centennial Olympic Park bombing, a state judge has ruled.
Fiscally conservative groups warned that the Legislature's plan would create huge fiscal problems for the state in the coming years because it assumes that the state will continue to benefit from an upswing in the economy that is largely driven by the boom on Wall Street.
The winner ran the mile and a quarter in 2:02, paid $11.40 for a $2 bet to win and earned a huge reward: $2,662,400.
''I tell the kids that rather than drink water that hasn't been boiled,'' she said, ''tell the family you're living with a white lie -- say you have a bowel disorder.''
Mr. Ritter's lawyer, Matthew Lifflander, said in an interview today that Mr. Ritter would not comment on the letter and its demands that he stop speaking until ''sometime next week,'' when he sends a formal reply to Mr. Butler.
Tonight at 8; tomorrow at 3 and 8 P.M., and Sunday at 4 P.M. Tickets: $14 and $17; $8 for children 15 and younger and the elderly.
''It's a bit of sour grapes,'' said Mr. Clarke, who suggested that French dealers may have known the stencil was there and ignored it to allow the royal patrimonial piece to leave the country legally with a foreign buyer.
14 11 * UNNATURAL EXPOSURE, by Patricia Cornwell.
WITH: Isabel Ruth (Carolina), Lima Duarte (Antonio), Joana Barcia (Melita), Antonio Capelo (Joaquim), Filipe Cochofel (Joao) and Jose Mario Branco (Ze).
Turn left at the third corner on the left, walk away from the station.
Eighteen months later, ''I appreciate the prophetic import of his words,'' Dr. Tevanian stated in written testimony as a Government witness in the antitrust trial against the Microsoft Corporation.
Concentrate on the dimensions only in the area I wanted to remodel.
''You're talking about fighters fighting for a $300 purse here, so they're going to pay for an AIDS test or a CAT scan or all this?''
She is measured, dispassionate, ''objective.''
''One is going to have to dominate over the other, and I think it's going to be Asia.''
The only hint that this might be a strange, rather sudden turn of events comes from Ms. Danner.
It describes Central Park's rich and surprising wildlife: the raccoons and turtles and woodpeckers and birds.
One crew member said that setting the record was ''the icing on the cake,'' but that China's decision meant they ''haven't got the cake.''
The Bosnian war has strengthened each ethnic group's sense of victimization.
In this report, too, there is evidence of the appellate lawyer.
What was missing until now was strong backing for the revolts from a neighboring state.
The material could easily register as white-trash Gothic with a comic-book spin, a sort of ''Tobacco Road'' according to Wes Craven.
Allan Houston may have missed four free throws, but he fought through a double screen in order to help lock down Voshon Lenard at the buzzer.
Mr. Giuliani's primary goal is to secure a stadium on the West Side of Manhattan for Mr. Steinbrenner.
The Federal Environmental Protection Agency is considering a new standard for methyl tert-butyl ethers of 2 parts per billion and designation as a carcinogen.
Tonight at 8; tomorrow at 7:30 P.M. Tickets: $25 and $30.
''Primary Colors'' no more merits this bogus controversy than did the now-forgotten semen-stained dress.
Devoted wife for 64 years of James G. Rogers.
(Reuters) Suharto Pledges Salary to Poor President Suharto of Indonesia and his new Cabinet pledged to hand over one year's salary to a fund for the poor in an effort to counter charges of high-level corruption.
LeMay Doan's time was well short of her world record of 37.55, but 0.18 seconds better than the Olympic record she had set on Friday.
Out of sight (and well out of mind) of Capitol Hill, the black ghettos of Washington are like combat zones in George P. Pelecanos's nerve-shattering novels.
Soon she has chased him many yards away, and he gives up.
Written by Howard Lindsay and Russel Crouse, its seven-year run remains the longest for a nonmusical show in Broadway history.
But New York has a death penalty now and it covers this kind of crime.
You can really see things that he hears impact him, and you can see him process them, and you can see him react.
And I thought: 'Oh, it's fantastic.
I say that I needed these to have a baby, and there was this wonderful woman and she was willing to give me some, and that was how she helped us.
The yen continued to tumble.
''While there was sadness, people said, 'Let's try to make one parish work.'
Ricardo French-Davis, a United Nations economist in Santiago, said regional groupings were good dress rehearsals for a hemispheric pact.
Ever since Michael F. Price sold the management company of the Mutual Series funds to the Franklin Templeton Group for a small fortune two years ago, the funds have labored under a cloud of uncertainty.
Because nearly half of pregnancies in the United States are unplanned, doctors suggest that women of childbearing age should take a multivitamin with folic acid whether they are pregnant or not.
Hingis stayed ruthless, and after blowing one match point with a backhand lob that landed just long, she broke Novotna for the match when the Czech netted a nervous forehand on the second match point.
The most conservative Supreme Court in half a century has embraced the principles of the 1973 landmark decision.
This is only the beginning of the process from our perspective.
He is still living out of a suitcase and calling a hotel home.
Everyone knows about my farm, my rest haven.
Neither will ever be the same once they begin to invade each other's space.
THIS, of course, is a tricky business, and ''The Corrosion of Character'' doesn't always pull it off.
Whether sitting on the bench or on the board of one of his charitable institutions, Lew demonstrated that perfect blend of humor, intellect and humanity.
It got such a good response from auto writers and Chrysler executives that at the last minute the chrome was extended to the previously monotone dashboard of the LHS's sister car, the 300M, a sporty, European-style sedan that goes on sale this month.
From there the story jumps to September 1857 and the journey from Panama to New York of the Central America, a side-wheel steamer carrying nearly 600 passengers returning from the Gold Rush and some 21 tons of California gold worth at the time more than $13 million.
He is expected to be called as a witness, said James W. Quinn, a partner at Weil, Gotshal & Manges who is representing the plaintiffs.
Three 12-hour shifts, which most nurses space out over a week, still total less than 40 hours.
So, he played 49 .
The Mustang stayed in the garage, and Mr. DeFrancesco went to the hospital, 12 times in all, enduring excruciating pain and monthly surgery followed by crushing disappointments.
''In the interest of restoring integrity to the union, Hoffa should withdraw,'' Mr. Hall said in a telephone interview.
Finding Time How Corporations, Individuals, and Families Can Benefit From New Work Practices.
They added touches like a ''Jules et Jim'' movie poster and subtracted some personal effects (a huge screen of Lake Como is not visible, but the neo-classical sleigh bed that Mr. Brambilla slept in as a child is).
I spent my first hour in the water windmilling my arms pathetically against the waves, followed by a momentary gyration on the board, then toppling over from exhaustion.
Now I liken it to the mid-80's.''
Green for a 15-yard score in the fourth quarter.
Barring a successful challenge, the CSX Corporation and the Norfolk Southern Corporation can begin carving up Conrail on Aug. 22.
Her parents are Agnes Alpert and Dr. Edward Alpert of Bloomfield Hills, Mich. Mr. Wisnia, 31, a freelance writer in Boston, is the author of ''Wit and Wisdom of Baseball'' (Publications International, 1998) and a co-author of ''Babe Ruth: His Life and Times'' (Publications International, 1995).
Mr. Jones is also annoyed by the continually evolving technologies for archiving data, an activity he likens to ''throwing dead cats over a fence.''
Hoffman allowed less than a base runner per inning and struck out more than one batter an inning.
The races mark the third and final stakes in Saratoga's cycle for juveniles, and they are the richest in money and career values, each with a purse of $200,000, each at seven furlongs, each filled with history.
On the way, there are moments of respite.
This funny, venomous and at times sad collection of 17 autobiographical essays focuses on the author's many bizarre experiences, like a week at a nudist trailer park, as well as on his family, particularly his witty, acerbic mother.
Rates in the 28 other states range from 2 percent to 5.9 percent.
For Ms. Berman, the synagogue helped clear the path on her journey from heterosexual marriage to lesbian partnership.
It is for first place in the American Football Conference East as both teams turn the corner on the season's halfway mark.
''First we took the ticket to a safety deposit box,'' he said.
As the flooding persists, President Ernesto Zedillo said its damage has been surpassed in this century only by the earthquake in 1985 that shattered the center of Mexico City, killing at least 8,000 people.
''We tried to use the U.N. to expose human rights abuse in the U.S., which doesn't happen too often,'' Ms. Thomas said.
The rookie JASON FABINI shared right tackle with the veteran SIUPELI MALAMALA, and it is likely Fabini, a fourth-round draft pick, is on his way to becoming the starter.
''They have to decide whether to go from a five-man crew to two five-man crews.
quarterback who tried to create a 16-team fall league in 1996.
Take a look at what would happen if Philip Morris, say, broke up into several small companies and eliminated domestic tobacco sales from its balance sheet.
A character who made a slight, almost cameo, appearance in ''The Red Dragon'' was the brilliant psychopath Dr. Hannibal Lecter.
Among them are rumors that Ms. Lewinsky has a $16 million contract with a pay-per-view company to tell her story and that she has a modeling deal with a fashion designer who reportedly gained attention recently for using condoms as clothing decoration.
PSA Peugeot Citroen abandoned a car-assembly plant in the southern city of Guangzhou last year, citing irreconcilable differences with its local partner.
Strangelove,'' ''A Clockwork Orange,'' ''2001: A Space Odyssey'' and ''The Shining.''
''You've got to be sound with your X's and O's, but getting a group of guys to want to play their best and be creative within a system is my goal.''
One example was ''The Race for the Double Helix,'' the story of Dr. Watson and Francis Crick's competition with other scientists to decipher the structure of DNA.
''The Justice Department has legitimate reasons based on previous leaks to ask for this.''
But El Morocco, the legendary East Side night club where Hollywood stars hobnobbed, is back.
As part of their final communique, the leaders agreed to a sweeping social action plan that is intended to improve education, reduce poverty, expand democracy, guarantee human rights and fight drug trafficking in the hemisphere.
She had a special affinity for the operas of Wagner and Strauss, and her Senta, Sieglinde, Marschallin, Elisabeth, Chrysothemis, Elsa, Salome, Kundry, Ortrud, and Klytaemnestra were magnificent protrayals.
He said the police were searching for Muhammad Deif, a top Hamas fugitive believed to have masterminded the Thursday bombing and a series of other anti-Israeli attacks.
Then you remember, we're just all sort of average guys.''
Saturday's race was originally scheduled for July 4th, but raging forest fires and smoke in the surrounding area forced its postponement.
Mr. Pyburn said the workers were disciplined for valid reasons, like leaving work stations without permission.
On the furniture, and they're all moving.''
You can't stop it just because you stamp your feet.''
But predictions of deflation amount to little more than blather.
The author of the new report on resettlement, an experienced field researcher, has concealed his identity to protect his career.
Together, the two groups have 2 million members.
Red finally walked in and slammed the training room door shut and said, 'Whether he plays or not, you have to play.'
''I am operating under no deadline,'' he said.
One taped a vitamin sample to his locker Saturday that read, ''Hey!
Financial analysts expect that questions about how much new service it can offer will bedevil New York City Transit for years as it tries to anticipate how much in service improvements it can afford.
The seeds were planted with great expectations in a very special place.
The party's two historical wings -- the corporate pro-business faction and the populist social conservatives -- seem inclined to spend eternity canceling out each other's proposals.
The GOOD FOOD STORE (865 Post Road, Darien; 203-656-1920) is a reliable take-out shop that has recently added a patisserie with exceptional desserts.
''It's a long chain, and everyone's afflicted by it,'' Ms. Cassouto said of the more than 18,000 Israelis killed in the wars that have punctuated Israel's first 50 years.
He had the plan, the reason.
And the expectations are high for schools and students alike.
It includes a lot of bottles and other mundane evidence of daily life in the colony, like doorknobs.
Then some ugly, slapdash structure goes up and, before long, the street looks like a smile with jagged teeth.''
He said he wrote ''The Battle of New Orleans'' as part of a history lesson for his students.
He knows his social science and deploys it surely.
Or perhaps he's a sacrificial sufferer, bearing the burden of everyone else's inauthenticity and pain?
Still in the early fact-finding stages of his inquiry into the relationship of President Clinton to Monica S. Lewinsky, Mr. Starr has not signaled whether or when he would make an impeachment referral to Congress.
This year we want to finish what we start and be champions, right now.
The pleasures and problems of a rising star in television news during the 1970's.
There is even a Waterford crystal copy of the hat, which glitters in one case like a massive jewel.
Loroupe lives the ascetic life of a runner in a rural village on the outskirts of Detmold.
He graduated from Hamilton College and received his M.D.
There's also a full menu of sybaritic treatments at the Marina spa.
But even if all else failed, Rutgers had no answer for the 6-foot-11-inch center Jake Voskuhl, who collected 7 points and 6 rebounds in his first eight minutes.
Democrats want to build on tradition by fixing crumbling school buildings and hiring thousands of new teachers.
''People have such dignity and such positive associations where they've lived their whole lives,'' Mr. Zaccai said.
''Get the car,'' a senior law-enforcement official said, describing the future course of the investigation, and ''get the V.I.N.,'' the vehicle identification number unique to every automobile and soldered to its body.
France also has an outstanding moral debt to a Jewish population decimated by wartime deportations from occupied France to Nazi death camps.
Rather, he said he sought to punish a father who had killed his own child, which he described as ''an act of ultimate betrayal.''
It is the fourth consecutive time a Mike Shanahan-coached team has beaten the Patriots and the 11th consecutive victory against New England here since 1968.
The decision came after a five-week review that included Euro RSCG Tatham, part of Havas Advertising; the San Francisco office of TBWA Chiat/Day; Team One Advertising in El Segundo, Calif., part of Saatchi & Saatchi P.L.C., and the San Francisco office of Young & Rubicam Advertising.
Mirror Group Newspapers in London began publishing the ''Andy Capp'' strip in 1957.
So if I'm going to have any significance, I'd better do it fast.''
Sales of the new operating system, analysts say, will increase gradually in contrast to the early buying frenzy with Windows 95, when shoppers lined up for blocks waiting for the software to go on sale.
With its low lacquered table and leather-seat chairs, it is like a Japanese dining room -- a style that interested all four artists.
''It was like a test,'' she explains, ''and Michael passed.
But President Clinton, Treasury Secretary Robert E. Rubin and Senator Alfonse M. D'Amato, the New York Republican who is chairman of the committee, all oppose gutting the law.
And Mr. Jackson says he understands the extremes of politics -- adulation at a big speech and then the loneliness of a hotel room.
Rupert Murdoch blamed HarperCollins executives today for having ''screwed it up'' by the clumsy way they dropped the publication of a book by Chris Patten, the last British Governor of Hong Kong.
But if developing countries stick to their aims, not much will change.
''Now, D'Amato, the most investigated Senator in New York, who was rebuked by the Senate ethics committee, who has a 30-year pattern of ethical transgressions, who has embarrassed us again and again, is dredging up 18-year-old charges against Chuck Schumer.''
1 Connecticut Dodd (D) Nay Lieberman (D) Nay New Jersey Lautenberg (D) Nay Torricelli (D) Nay New York D'Amato (R) Yea Moynihan (D) Nay KEY: (A) Absent or did not vote; (P) Present.
Abbott said Mr. White, a 43-year-old executive vice president, would succeed the longtime chief executive, Duane Burnham, on Jan. 1.
That's what I hope for in writing the songs.''
Today, Saturday and next Sunday at 1 and 5:30 P.M.; tomorrow through Wednesday at 7:30 P.M. Tickets: $26 to $37.
''I knew whatever turn my life took it would be interesting.''
He was the eldest son of Dr. V.K.
3 25 ANATOMY OF THE SPIRIT, by Caroline Myss.
PENNZOIL PLACE, 711 Louisiana Street, designed by Philip Johnson.
Of course, many theatergoers remain steadfast in refusing to attend a play on ostensibly downbeat themes.
LAST December, when the assumed franchise, a k a Patrick Ewing, smashed his wrist, few expected the Knicks to be where they are today, in Market Square Arena in Indianapolis, slipping into their shorts to play the Larry Bird Pacers in the first game of the second round of the National Basketball Association playoffs.
But King has never won the du Maurier, the only women's major to elude her.
After returning from a recent trip to Washington, where I enjoyed unlimited free access to all branches of the Smithsonian, I decided that this would be a positive and meaningful thing to do in our city as well.
''Colleges that require computers, the cost is allowable as part of the expense budget,'' said John D. Joyce, a manager for the College Board scholarship service.
Her party won an overwhelming majority in a national election in 1990, but the military junta refused to turn over power to a civilian government.
''We want peaceful co-existence but the frequent threats to security forced India to conduct the nuclear tests to silence its enemies and show its strength,'' Mr. Vajpayee told soldiers at a camp near Pokharan, the testing range in the northwestern desert where India conducted five underground nuclear tests last week.
Television, of course, is the big mover in politics.
But that did not work, either.
721 Cookman Avenue, Asbury Park.
I do get achy at the end of the day early in the year.
Yes, her menu includes meat loaf, but it's made from organic buffalo.
More than 150 people -- politicians, Democratic Party foot soldiers and union leaders from Queens and throughout the city -- paid $100 a plate or more yesterday to see a candidate announce his official entry into a State Senate race.
With a little more imagination, one might add even more significant categories of writers like rich and poor, imaginative and pedestrian, verbose and minimalist, young and old, English-speaking and Chinese-speaking, or liberal and conservative.
Interment will be held at Sharon Gardens Cemetery.
Trailing by 79-71, Kent got a 3-pointer from Dawn Zerman and a turnaround shot inside by Julie Studer to cut the lead to 79-76 with 1:02 left.
On another wall is a drawing of a turban pin with diamonds, rubies and emeralds that Mr. Shinde designed for a maharajah years ago in India.
My neighbors were gifted, inventive swearers, and they talked a great deal about sex.
You haven't seen anything until you see what they are doing in Texas, where they build these homes on one-fifth of an acre.
Until recently, most retailers preferred locations on West Broadway, Spring and Prince Streets.
Who is the servant of Satan bringing monstrous chaos and death into this fortress of rationalism and medical progress?
Another horse, Greyechel, won the 1985 Duchess Stakes at Woodbine in Canada and finished second in six other stakes races in Canada.
''On our information highway, which is built for mass consumer markets, we can deliver these scientific, technical and medical contents for incremental costs -- a great advantage,'' Mr. Middelhoff said yesterday after the agreement with Springer was signed in Germany.
To some extent, these interdependent relationships have been formalized in joint ventures such as Good Housekeeping's arrangement to have its articles featured on ''Primetime Live'' on ABC and People's similar deal with ''Dateline'' on NBC.
1-ranked woman for much of this decade, will be playing her first singles match since losing at the French Open in June.
James S. Chanos, president of Kynikos Associates, a New York firm that specializes in betting on which stocks are poised to fall, agrees.
''Klein in fact not only renounced violence, he denounced its errors and perversions,'' Mr. Cohn-Bendit and the others wrote.
3 (both polls) Tennessee used three Auburn turnovers to hang on in a rematch of last year's Southeastern Conference championship game.
He purchased his guns at local shows, then began disposing of them at other shows.
There is an easy solution to protect patients.
Eight years ago, a casual acquaintance suggested that he consider the town of Anacortes, Wash., where he found and bought a barn to house the operation.
But I certainly respect the field, which is primarily about supporting artists and having the arts be better appreciated by the public.''
Based on objections from residents, Fair Lawn planners had denied a variance to Smart SMR of New York to erect a 140-foot relay tower in place of one already built by Nynex and Bell Atlantic.
The ad, intended to counter the popularity of so-called ebonic speech, showed a man under the headline ''I has a dream.''
Bank of America Agrees to Settle Bank of America agreed to pay $187.5 million to settle charges it mishandled bond payments between 1978 and 1995.
Discussing one's feelings about it dilutes the fear.
His parents, prominent American Jews, have sent him to Israel to straighten him out, but Jerusalem has only encouraged his wayward impulses.
''My child was in the fifth grade at the time, and we were all devastated,'' Mrs. Taff said, referring to her daughter, Tara, now 17.
Why should Shawn lose his job over this?''
Many of these ''tales'' are mere fragments featuring a woman caught in a web of some kind.
For a brief time, that seemed about to change.
Hoping to capitalize on some new momentum from Mr. Gore's visit, Mrs. Kennelly plans to move on several fronts to reassure her partisans.
If driving doesn't pay, people who are raising children in New York City cannot do this work.
''And the heart must pause to breathe/ And love itself have rest,'' was Byron expressing what Mr. Minta calls ''the sadness of that labor-intensive existence.''
The parade will leave from Exhibition Stadium at around 10 A.M. and move up Lakeshore Boulevard, which will be lined with food stands and vendors' booths.
Analysts have described the turnabout in fortunes of big investment banks as one of the sharpest in history as the long bull market in stocks and bonds screeched to a halt.
The idea of imprinting seemed paradoxical.
If nothing else, the market's 20 percent selloff earlier this year should have convinced investors that ignoring risk was dangerous.
Devoted sister of Jean Fowler.
''There is a revolution coming along in agriculture,'' Dr. Taylor said, ''that has great potential to eliminate a lot of milkweeds.''
Bandwidth wars can also ensue when tenants decide to use computers on their T-1 lines as hosts for their own Web sites.
She trails from her shoulders a long train of thin blue feathers.
Oftentimes, in these olde New Englande townes, there's a general store at the community's heart, with maybe a pot-bellied wood stove or at least a coffee-maker for people to gather round and discuss the state of snow-plowing in winter, or who got stuck where in mud season, or who caught how big a bass when they're biting.
Also yesterday, Ben Olsen of D.C. United was selected as rookie of the year.
''So we had to ask, 'What will our patients think?'
Freud wanted to persuade us that our lives would be better if we did not sever ourselves from the satisfactions of childhood.
It makes you think that this is a peace between individuals and not between peoples.''
The Costco Wholesale Corporation today recalled frozen ground beef patties from 24 states after a New York woman became sick from deadly E. coli bacteria.
True, they went on creating beautiful worlds, inventing new fashions, being generous to their many friends.
Proud grandfather of Joel & Shari, Karen, and Eric Beckman; Marilyn & Bill Graber; David & Rena Schwartzbaum.
Put up a cultural embargo so you don't see what's going on in the art form?
ALEXANDER LIBRARY, RUTGERS UNIVERSITY The special collections department, which is open to the public, has an extensive archive of women's history manuscripts, as well as a published guide to printed materials.
Mr. Levy added that in his opinion, Atlantic City's beach signs were adequate, and ''our guards do not need further training.''
Mark Silver, the owner of one shuttered bar, Australia, accused the police of harassment and selective enforcement.
Mr. Shernicoff, the accountant, offered this advice for boards that are in the process of deciding whether to replace their current managing agent: ''Talk to your other professionals,'' he said, explaining that since lawyers and accountants generally handle multiple clients, it is likely that they have dealt with a number of different managing agents and should be able to provide a board with some valuable insight.
Directed by Manuel Poirier (not rated, 121 minutes).
It was published in Thursday's New England Journal of Medicine.
The singers must have been honored by the presence in a first tier box of Dame Joan Sutherland and Richard Bonynge.
She said she fell in love instantly and invited him back to her house for a late-night meal.
We can play with them, but we've got to play our game, and we can't defeat ourselves.''
Wise's relations with Mr. Robbins during the making of ''West Side Story'' were, he said, ''a little touchy.''
The state's Democratic Party has also assembled a get-out-the-vote operation focusing on 700 heavily black districts across the state where turnout has been historically low.
It just is not that easy to swat home runs over the fence, except when Mark McGwire's personal batting-practice pitcher, Dave McKay, is on the mound, a couple of hours before game time.
We want them to work and get paid.
They will not be the last.
SOME changes are welcome, like the recent arrival of young artists and galleries.
Alan Greenspan, the chairman of the Federal Reserve, said the labor market was ''remarkably resilient'' at a private meeting yesterday with central bank chiefs from Germany, France, Britain and Austria, according to a banker who heard his remarks.
''I spend a lot of time in the studio trying out different ways of solving problems in the movement.
Denis J. Nayden, 44, who had been serving as president and chief operating officer at the GE Capital Corporation, which represents the bulk of GE Capital Services, was promoted to chief executive.
Thus, Mr. Greene said, a worker with diabetes cannot be denied a job or promotion because of an employer's fear, based on ignorance, that the worker might go into a coma -- or an employer's discomfort with the worker's need to eat regularly, to test his blood sugar and to give himself insulin shots.
The town is now deserted, and most of its 20,000 inhabitants have fled to nearby villages or across the border to Albania.
''The pressure on me is fine.
The ball carried over his head by 20 feet or so, landing in halfway between the pitcher's mound and the plate in the Cleveland bullpen.
The offer was for 1,042.5 pence a share.
But make no mistake, Al Davis, the Raiders' managing general partner, was in control.
You don't get do-overs in real life.
One of the premises of the reservation system was, in the words of one Indian commissioner, to place Indians ''in positions where they can be controlled and finally compelled by sheer necessity to resort to agricultural labor -- or starve.''
The Yonkers Council of Parent-Teachers Associations, an umbrella organization representing 36 individually chartered P.T.A.
''That left us a bit short-handed.''
A police escort, one car in front of the two-bus caravan, one behind, made certain that ordinary traffic did not impede the Yankees' trip.
The United Nations team plans to leave Yanamayo on Friday and inspect up to three more high-security jails that hold some of the 4,000 people imprisoned on terrorism charges, United Nations officials said.
In ''Portnoy's Complaint,'' for example, Alex Portnoy praises his mother's uncanny ability to ''make jello with sliced peaches hanging in it, peaches just suspended there, in defiance of the law of gravity.''
''I have always gone my own way,'' she said the other day in an interview at her apartment.
And with E-mail they can stay in touch with colleagues around the world and stay current on the latest findings and developments.
A moving and intelligent recollection of life as the child of a selfish and heartless father and of a heroic and successful struggle to understand and forgive.
He is 79 yards away from Monmouth's career rushing mark of 2,008 yards.
From the standpoint of the Goodman, which has produced 14 musicals, both revivals and new works, since 1986, the collaboration provides a luxury that nonprofit theaters do not often have.
The result is a lot of table salt (sodium chloride) and a 2 percent yield of diamond, Dr. Li and colleagues report in Science.
The businessmen, some of whom have come from as far afield as Australia for a cosmetics-industry conference, swill cognacs and puff on preposterous cigars.
Mr. Lache, who nevertheless recommends the stock, concedes that the anecdotes ''are not helpful in modeling'' the company's future performance.
''It's really a welcome proposal,'' he said.
Most children who swallow huge doses of Tylenol do not become deathly ill, but Dr. Kleinman said he had to explain that Benedicta's case was unusually dire.
Leading off the fifth inning, Martinez waited for a knuckleball to float over the plate, then powered it far beyond the right-field wall.
Mr. Cronan served as a Lt.
Their showy yet subtle and intricate surfaces give the word adornment a new dimension.
In New York, Danilo Turk, representative of Slovenia and the Security Council's president for August, told reporters that there was no call in the Council for action against Iraq as long as the threat to end all cooperation with Unscom remained a threat.
Pauline Kanchanalak, a Thai businesswoman accused of using fake donors to steer at least $679,000 in foreign and corporate contributions to Democrats, was first indicted in July.
Waters himself is no stranger to artful closing credits.
SHERMAN-Lee on February 12, 1998, in his 84th year.
Perhaps Mr. Starr really believes that if he finally does get to the bottom of Monicagate, he'll be an American hero in the Gregory Peck mold.
I mean it's no different than any other place.
On Jan. 31, 1971, he took off for the Moon in Apollo 14, the first lunar mission since the near-disaster of Apollo 13 the year before.
It may well be that his collateral problems are giving him more motivation for success here.''
''It is useless to look for a scapegoat.''
''You can't be a Top 10 show without a lot of white people watching your show,'' said Andy Borowitz, an executive producer of ''Fresh Prince of Bel Air,'' a popular show, now off the air, that starred Will Smith.
It's no surprise then, that dentists are going digital.
ONE evening last June, So Hon Wah sat backstage at the Hong Kong Cultural Center and pulled a pair of gold-trimmed boots off his callused feet.
''Every important new technology is a Faustian bargain,'' he added.
This new, unexpurgated version of Aesop's fables, Mr. Temple said, underscores '' the softening effect'' that the advent of Christianity had on the Western world.
But Speyer's marketplace power also rests, in a strange way, on the perception that he transcends the marketplace.
It is too expensive to import such medications, so it is vital that they be manufactured in the Sudan.
But an unlikely coalition of opponents has rallied against the proposal.
''I guess I probably had characters in my head as a kid but never thought I'd put them into prime time,'' he said.
97-282, is the city's own liability, one of the main unresolved issues in sexual harassment law.
The June 23 event was canceled because of a lack of interest, an employee of the Gardens said.
MGM had a contract with the network going back to last spring for commercial time to promote its movies, Mr. Rich said in a telephone interview.
He is the son of the late Mr. and Mrs. Berlin Sr., who lived in New York.
Sometimes I feel like, what's it all about?''
''We're fairly avant-garde in this,'' said Norman E. Dewire, president of the Methodist Theological School in Ohio, part of the consortium.
Tickets: $45 to $47.50 (Marks).
Starring Tom Hanks and Meg Ryan, the movie describes the ups and downs of an E-mail romance between the owner of a small, independent bookstore on the Upper West Side of Manhattan and the owner of a big bookstore conglomerate that threatens to put the neighborhood shop out of business.
Some among the young weep at the repression of popular will and the ''disappearances'' of so many of the supporters of the Allende regime.
Survived by children Ruth, Dorothy and Richard; grandchildren William, August and Nathan; and many friends from 87 spirited years.
It seems more like a society portrait, or a celebrity taking a break from a late-night party, snapped on the sly.
Now in its second year, CAM Camp, as it is known, runs the last two weeks of July.
Castillo stood on the top step of the dugout, calmly breathing in the frenzy for him, almost as if he expected it.
If solitary doesn't drive prisoners crazy in the narrow eyes of the law, then what does it do to a man's soul?
In November, voters rejected holding a constitutional convention largely because they believed legislative leaders would control the event, analysts say.
To make the list, a fund had to underperform its peers by at least 25 percent over the 12 months through March 31.
For the week, the blue-chip index was up 6.55 percent.
So the question on everyone's mind now is: What does all this mean for the magazine and for Ms. Brown?
Performances are scheduled next Saturday at 11 A.M. and 2 P.M.
In that sense, the drag queen's parody of a diva has an attitude toward women of wishful envy.
And adventure is abundant: cowboy shootouts, exploding dirigibles, break-ins at English country homes, tortures and assassinations, communication with spirits on computer monitors.
And suddenly ''Titanic,'' with story and book by Peter Stone and music and lyrics by Maury Yeston, was a hit.
Ms. Sengstacke recently dismissed Northern Trust and is embarking on the delicate task of finding a successor trustee and investors willing to step into the middle of a classic family business problem.
That fact is one reason minorities are having a harder time leaving welfare than whites.
As a man with a toothache faced with what look like medieval instruments of torture (or old props from ''Death Trap''), he does some great, over-the-top physical humor.
Single-cut files have rows of teeth cut in one direction only -- usually at a 65 degree angle to the centerline.
India's nuclear program dates from 1974, when it exploded what it described as a ''peaceful'' nuclear device in the Rajasthan desert.
Gonzalez, 38, represented El Salvador in the 1982 World Cup, then played in Spain for eight years.
It seemed a waste to me, so I took advantage of the downtime and taught myself how to use the computer.''
A spokesman for her managed-care plan, Jefferson Pilot Financial, said it had no comment.
To the Editor: ''NATO: A Debate Recast'' (Op-Ed, Feb. 4) raises serious reservations about the expansion of the alliance to include Poland, Hungary and the Czech Republic.
Diary B2 Crossword E6 Weather A20
The large cities -- Bridgeport, New Haven and Hartford -- haven't seen their real estate markets improve as much as in the rest of the state, but Ms. Schmerzler said single-family homes and condominiums in those communities have just begun selling faster.
Flowers repeated that she had had an affair with Mr. Clinton and testified that he had assigned an Arkansas official to help her get a state job when she needed work, said her lawyer, Rugger Burke.
A second visit to Pikes Peak International Raceway highlights the 1999 Pep Boys Indy Racing League schedule.
Ms. Schulman is still trying to take off the weight she gained in two years of riding around in the patrol cars of the 23d Precinct in East Harlem.
A year later, Mr. Rajman joined as a salesman.
Two of the 215 passengers were not identified.
He had finished the stage script in 1995.
''I felt in the second half like I was starting to get back into my rhythm.''
Booth is detailed and compassionate on the spread of addiction among United States service personnel in Vietnam, and condemns the lack of adequate care available to addicts after the war was over.
A. DAVID DEMIRAY Baltimore, Aug. 19, 1998
And he has used his influence to block a plan favored by Republican leaders to create a nuclear waste depository at Yucca Mountain, about 100 miles northwest of Las Vegas.
Vural Savas, the prosecutor who filed the case that led to the ban on Welfare, has opened an investigation to determine whether the Virtue Party is simply Welfare in a new guise.
''At the end of that party, what I had to do was go downtown to a little basement in Greenwich Village and attend an A.A. meeting.
Cape Town went five furlongs for D. Wayne Lukas in a snappy 594/5 seconds, Halory Hunter went five furlongs for Nick Zito in 1:013/5 , Chilito went five furlongs for Graham Motion in 1:042/5 , and Favorite Trick, last year's juvenile champion and Horse of the Year, worked six furlongs for Bill Mott in a strong 1:14.
''It really doesn't matter what time I show up.
Avery started out as a publisher of college textbooks 22 years ago.
But a voice must be a conduit for rhythm at the same time, and for melody and harmony freed of narrative demands.
But after San Diego Manager Bruce Bochy's biggest gamble of the National League Championship Series backfired, Bochy not only stood by his decision to insert his ace starter, Kevin Brown, into Game 5 with the Padres nine outs from a trip to the World Series, but he nearly did it again Wednesday in Game 6.
Brodeur, who is six victories from tying Bernie Parent's 25-year-old record for most victories in a season, was brilliant again.
If one reads her narrative line correctly, the child triumphs over discrimination by finding her true self.
Both airlines will install first-class seats that can be converted into beds on their biggest planes.
Yesterday's report estimated that the number of Americans killed for every 100 million miles driven had been steady at about 1.7 since 1992, after falling steeply for decades before then.
I'm fixed on this because I think Mr. Ken Starr is the poster boy for all of the bad prosecutors in America.
This trip costs $2,398 a person, double occupancy, including air fare, plus $495 for the London tour.
The other, he said, involved a complicated scheme by which I.O.C.
AN easy way to finish off a ceiling is by installing a suspended one.
Mr. Dunlap himself has suffered a huge paper loss.
Cigarette makers would also agree to concessions related to marketing and make more industry documents public.
My appetizer was spring rolls with tender shrimp and a mysterious but tasty vegetal pate of something red and mildly spicy.
Mr. Greenspan ascended to icon status through his success at the monumental, but well-defined, task of extinguishing inflation.
Kittles was the eighth player taken in the 1996 N.B.A.
(The Chinese and French sometimes complain of the same feeling, American officials admit.)
But Ms. Boxer's spokesman, David Sandretti, said today that the Senator, who made a point of defending Mr. Clinton on policy issues, had no conversation with anyone in the White House or any Clinton relative before making her speech.
She had a gift for friendship and will be greatly missed by her many friends in Brooklyn Heights, Block Island and elsewhere.
THE Sonatas and Interludes are either the sins of John Cage's youth or else the last of his important music.
But several said the assertion that Mr. Clinton misled the public and abused the powers of his office could be most damaging.
Lutoslawski's ''Five Songs to Poems by Kazimiera Illakowicz,'' was an inviting, varied group of harmonically ambiguous, gracefully chromatic settings.
''But in this crisis there are so many players, so many different agendas, that turning it around will be very, very difficult.''
Some tool makers, though, expect to come under pressure because of weakening demand from Asia.
When a large fish is poised to gobble a seahorse, viewers know that this is nature taking its course.
Ms. Meara's play ostensibly involves two couples meeting after three years for an after-theater supper at Manhattan's latest ''in'' restaurant.
THE brown velvetlike sofa in the window of the Rent-A-Center on Bergenline Avenue has puffy Michelin Man arms, wood trim and a matching love seat.
But some conservationists have complained that the Administration's approach exempts major forests from protection, and the legislation has virtually no chance of being enacted because pro-logging lawmakers control the committees in the House and Senate that have jurisdiction over forests.
Well, I can think a lot of people who would like to be offered $7 million a year.
After Phoebe was born, 20 years ago, everyone had an opinion about whether to breast-feed, how and how long.
''I think it is important after 20 years of situations to show that the things said about Iranians are not true,'' said Ahmadreza Abedzadeh, Iran's goalkeeper.
In return, the team would agree to stay for 30 years, would pay a 10-percent tax on ticket sales, and would invest $50 million in a hotel next to the stadium.
Judge Domenic J. Squatrito of United States District Court rejected those arguments, ruling that sex offenders were given due process in the State Legislature, and that the collection of blood was neither unreasonable nor punitive.
Or maybe for a full-scale kitchen renovation, for which you might want to rearrange appliances and cabinets and work islands in a dozen different configurations before settling on the best.
He was 91 and had lived for many years on Staten Island.
B1 SPORTS D1-8 McGwire Sets Another Record Mark McGwire of the St. Louis Cardinals hit his 63d home run of the season in the first game of a double header against the Pittsburgh Pirates to move ahead of Sammy Sosa of the Cubs, who had no home runs against San Diego last night.
The Labor Department's Producer Price Index fell three-tenths of 1 percent, a bigger drop than economists had expected.
Video replays showed that Habsudova's shot landed squarely on the line, but it was ruled to be out.
''I don't want to be treated -- bouquets of flowers and all -- as though I were only a piece of jewelry for the confederation,'' she said.
Net income was $26.6 million, or 7 cents a diluted share.
TRINITY, CONN.--Announced the retirement of Don Miller, football coach.
''We don't have a policy on whether we would accept bin Laden being brought to justice in a third country, we haven't crossed that bridge yet,'' one Administration official said.
Beloved daughter of the late John E. and Rose (Schill) McTernan.
But he is no po-faced purveyor of Orientalist bookishness, and he freely recomposes to suit his own intellectual obsessions.
One year after the television networks revised their movie-style ratings code to add labels alerting parents to sexual or violent content in shows, a study has found that the networks are not regularly adding the labels.
Several times at a another showing of ''Bulworth,'' one back-row moviegoer repeatedly asked her husband what Mr. Beatty had just said.
IMATION CORP., Oakdale, Minn., a supplier of imaging and information products, sold its CD-ROM Services operations to Metatec Corp., Dublin, Ohio, another provider of information services, for $39.8 million.
He felt confident, however, that Knoblauch would remain with the Yankees beyond 1998.
Mrs. Bea, 27, sat on a creaky wooden bed in her dirt-floor hut, decorated with a 1990 calendar and glossy advertisements ripped out of an Indonesian magazine, and said that despite her pregnancy she is eating nothing but bark and roots foraged in the woods.
''I continue to be taken aback by the youthfulness of the offender,'' Sheriff Clements said.
Beloved great-grandmother of Ryan and Jason McMahon and Kelly Anne Thomas.
On June 7 the leader of the Roman Catholic Diocese that includes most of the Indian villages in Chiapas, Bishop Samuel Ruiz Garcia, resigned 7 as the central mediator in peace talks between the Government and the Zapatistas, protesting the Government crackdown.
There was also Art Torres, the chairman of the California Democratic Party, introducing Mrs. Boxer and explaining how her Republican opponent in 1992, Bruce Herschensohn, was ''the family values guy on every day except Friday nights.''
''In 1929 Stalin invited Eisenstein to the Kremlin and gave him permission to go abroad,'' Mr. Kleiman said.
Olson attributes his organization's success to its pretrip sorting program.
He lived unspectacularly in a close-knit middle-class housing development.
''We do not propose the sending of 'blue helmet' peacekeepers,'' he added, referring to the headgear worn by international peacekeepers sent in by the United Nations in places like Cyprus, the Middle East and Bosnia.
His father is a partner in Budd, Larner, Gross, Rosenbaum, Greenberg & Sade, a law firm in Short Hills, N.J.
($25 and Under: 6/3/98) FRED'S + (212) 579-3076; 476 Amsterdam Avenue, at 83d Street; $; cigarette smoking at the bar; American Express, Mastercard, Visa.
He is the son of Dr. Maria Teresa Sabatini of Scarsdale, N.Y., and Dr. Hector Maldonado of Buenos Aires, and the stepson of Dr. Alfred F. Calfon.
The dining room is in the rear, and it is a delight.
The more costly the probes got, the rarer and more complex they became.
The prices start at $1,590.
Consider the case of the chief executive of the large business corporation.
Born in Brooklyn, NY, he was a graduate of Wesleyan University and had a long career as a mathematician with The Equitable.
''If we had liberalized,'' he said, ''it would mean that everyone would be able to hold demonstrations, and that the enemy would be able to exploit that.''
Mr. Salim has been described in Government documents as a close associate of Mr. bin Laden who managed his group's finances, tried to buy material for nuclear weapons and worked with officials of Sudan to make weapons.
In the last week, almost all the displaced who have been living in the open have returned to their compounds, though many are still under plastic because their homes are damaged or are destroyed.
She believes that school vouchers, which Mr. Franks supports, would undermine the public school system.
They suggest building projects and job creation, as well as new efforts to bring Israel into the region and involvement in groups looking into regional problems like the water supply.
There, riders can transfer to N and R trains downtown and Brooklyn or they can walk to the station at 57th Street and Avenue of the Americas to transfer free to a downtown B or Q.
The dancers shuffle and stomp and wave their arms in small cattle-roping circles.
''That night'' was in 1963, when Mr. Namath broke team rules by going to a bar and was suspended for the last two games of the season, including the Sugar Bowl game against Mississippi on New Year's Day 1964.
It's a painstaking job, but the company's work is not flawless, which is why different systems thought a historic inn in Redding Ridge, Conn., was three miles from where it has actually sat for 245 years.
He said she would also describe what she told the advisers to show that they lacked ill will when they made their accusations against Mr. Pagones.
Admission is free; (39-6) 6779-8155.
Unemployment has been at its lowest in a quarter century, and inflation has remained almost nonexistent.
Analysts have been concerned that the company will not be able to integrate myriad businesses and properties it has bought and that proposals by Washington lawmakers could rein in the growth of real estate investment trusts like Vornado.
But the seriousness of many of these meetings is uncertain.
Meanwhile, the good news is that the $339,000 that Secretary General Perez de Cuellar pocketed almost a decade ago has grown to about $700,000 today, thanks to the miracle of compound interest.
In a series from 1964, ''Stations on the Eastern Sea Route Between Tokyo and Osaka,'' which updates a popular ukiyo-e theme, elements of modern engineering like cars, bridges and elevated highways are integrated into traditional landscapes.
Perhaps this loss of perspective accounts for why Mr. Mehta has such difficulty describing the demise of the old New Yorker objectively.
In the Middle Ages, he said, local farmers celebrated no feast day more religiously than July 26, St. Ann's Day.
So I'm always on edge.''
''Guys who play hard every night, the guys who go into battle with lunch pails, they have got to make sure they don't ruin the game by hitting and hurting the best players in the league,'' Stevenson said.
To make that attractive, he said, Hilton might try to give as much debt as possible to the gambling company, which could hurt that company.
And later in the afternoon, workers at Canarsie High School in Brooklyn accidentally disconnected a fire alarm while drilling in a wall.
Peter and Paul in Philadelphia.
Racal said the sale of the unit would remove a drain on resources and leave it focused on more profitable businesses.
If it is true, as everyone from Adam Smith to Disraeli and Napoleon has said, that the British are a nation of shopkeepers, why can't they keep shop more successfully in America?
Two dances stood out in ''Exposure: A Picture of Contemporary Dance,'' a program of works by Daniel M. Gwirtzman, Pamela H. Warshay and Lawrence Keigwin that was presented on Saturday night at Pace Downtown Theater.
He valiantly tried to sound excited, but through a smoggy haze, we stared at darkish office buildings and motionless parking lots.
Are stars lowering their standards or raising them?
Even Albert Einstein in early photographs is dressed in dark suits with starched wing collars and a watch chain.
Other Republicans seemed even more dedicated to impeachment.
Mr. Baker testified that committee investigators told him about the 1989 plot several days ago.
As they approached, with Officer Carter behind the wheel, the police said, the young man walked up to the windshield and, without a word being exchanged, drew a gun and fired, striking Officer Carter in the head.
He said that after the Heat beat the Knicks handily in Game 1 of the series, Miami seemed to get overconfident.
Mr. Basu later described the decision as a ''historic blunder.''
The plan is part of a promise by South Korea to open financial businesses to outside ownership in return for billions of dollars in emergency loans from the International Monetary Fund.
The organizers insist the march will go on as planned.
He said that his son is remorseful about the shootings..
said Susan Jeans of Bayport, Minn., who booked her room at the Crowne Plaza in mid-Manhattan two weeks in advance.
In a new twist on the so-called year 2000 problem, experts say, Feb. 29 will offer new opportunities for computers to fail.
Construction management is not exactly new: it has been part of commercial work for decades.
(The Aztecs, on the other hand, mixed ground cacao beans and water, and sweetened the drink with wild bee honey, spiced it with chili peppers or flavored it with anise-flavored herbs.)
Mr. Cameron wore a blue-and-white shirt with a small Pepsi logo underneath another shirt.
The Richter-Rauzer Attack with 6 Bg5 is still the most popular method against the Classical Sicilian.
Goodrich had only 8 points, none in the first half.
He was 75 and lived in Southbury.
Reeves was immediately taken into surgery.
Members of the Media Network board declined to be interviewed, but their lawyer, Pamela A. Mann, said that any money that was spent went ''for legitimate charitable purposes'' like services for the filmmakers.
Princeton's 19-point margin of victory was its greatest over a Penn team since the 1975-76 season.
Even those who've never seen the Orson Welles classic are used to it being called the best, so they might well have voted for it anyway.
''People are looking for a quick fix, and these doctors are scrambling to give it to them.
Before the deaths, he posted photos on his World Wide Web site from a professor, who said the photos showed a ''companion'' spaceship alongside the comet Hale Bopp.
Her mother is a speech and language pathologist for the Western Suffolk Board of Cooperative Educational Services at the James E. Allen High School in Wheatley Heights, N.Y.
You could hang your coat up on a hook attached to your booth, relax, glance at a plastic-covered menu and place your order.
(Numerous concert goers tried to claim the Rolls as their own, the attendant reported; other times, passers-by posed for pictures around the car, as if it were a historic landmark.)
It's an adventurous, if difficult, journey.
This year, by contrast, most of the major market indexes -- including the Dow Jones industrial average of 30 blue-chip stocks -- have not yet lost that much from their peaks in July.
Mark Mellman, a Democratic pollster, said his polls showed Democrats with a 15- to 25-point advantage over Republicans on the issue.
But the organization, founded in 1984, has never had a permanent home, and it obtained the Egyptian for $1 from the city's Community Redevelopment Agency, which had acquired it from its last commercial owner.
''THE LOCKWOOD CONCERN'' (Originally published by Random House in 1965; reissued by Carroll & Graf in 1986, but out of print; copies at libraries and used bookstores.)
in Pleasantville and again on April 26 at the Hoff-Barthelson School in Scarsdale.
The environment here, pure in large part because the country has been too poor to destroy it, may face a fundamental challenge as a result.
Even when he is wrong.
Remember the pitiful, helpless American giant of the 1980's, with its butterfingered, inept work force?
This is not a coincidence.
The battles of tomorrow are yet to be determined.
The answer is all of the above, and more.
As for wanting to win again, Shanahan compared last season's cup to an animal's dinner.
SWAIN GALLERIES A summer showcase of artists from the du Cret School of the Arts.
They said they hoped the new location west of 10th Avenue would prove less attractive to major retailers so that property values and rents would remain stable.
Conventional treatment includes exposure to sunlight, topical steroids, lubricating creams and coal tar ointments.
Burnitz also failed with the bases full in the eighth, grounding out for the final out.
Ethnic cuisines range from Turkish to Thai to Tex-Mex, with Malaysian probably the most prevalent.
A headline this week on a column in the Asahi Shimbun, perhaps Japan's most respected newspaper, grimly described the despair at Japan's economic morass: ''The Feeling of Losing a Second War.''
The project started out as compilation of oral histories, said Michael J. Laurence of Port Washington, a co-executive producer, with Richard C. Milligan, for Cinema 70 Inc. and Channel 13.
Vinnie would be up and out of the house -- a two-family, wood-frame building on Atlantic Avenue in Richmond Hill, Queens -- in the predawn dark, on his way to another long day at the Hunts Point produce market in the Bronx.
''A lot of these people are on public assistance.
Mr. Attias, who lives in Manhattan and would like to make feature films, said he discovered his creativity at 23, when he began dabbling in art.
's European equities business and the American investment banking boutique Wolfensohn & Company.
The bridegroom is a great-great-grandson of M. H. de Young, a founder of The San Francisco Chronicle, whose art collection formed the basis of the de Young Memorial Museum, now part of the Fine Arts Museums of San Francisco.
''Partisan bickering -- politicians no longer in touch,'' the narrator says.
What happens to you, Jeff Getty, when you eat a banana in public?
''With the classical translations, the fact they were written in classical Chinese means fewer people today are able to read it,'' he explained.
The chairman and chief executive of the Ameritech Corporation, Richard C. Notebaert, said yesterday that his telecommunications company would eliminate $3 billion in expenses through 2002 in a bid to sustain at least 10 percent annual earnings growth.
The tiger economies aren't what they used to be, as economic crisis eats away at almost all of their reputations, Singapore's excluded (at least until now).
He had seen war, destruction and suffering, and yet, as he remarked in an interview in 1990, what he heard as he began to gather testimony aroused disbelief.
Jacques Lemaire, the Devils' coach, wonders why this is so.
MAY was a rough month for emerging markets, which are proving once again that they can turn sour on a dime.
In January I decided to learn how to climb correctly and, I hoped, with a bit more panache.
''A happy vicar I might have been Two hundred years ago,'' George Orwell wrote in 1947.
Most of the complaints were found to be unsubstantiated, Mr. London said, adding that Mr. Livoti denies wrongdoing in every case.
After his marriage to Cher, Mr. Bono was married to Susie Coehlo; that marriage ended in divorce in 1984.
The Court set aside 90 minutes instead of the usual hour to hear the arguments, which will cover both cases.
Even so, he can take heart in some recent developments.
Besides the van Gogh, Christie's will also sell a late Cezanne landscape, ''Le Chateau Noir,'' from 1904, which once was in the collection of Lord Kenneth Clark, a former director of the National Gallery in London.
Among Off Broadway and regional theater Winnies, count Jessica Tandy, Rosaleen Linehan and Olympia Dukakis.
has been spooked by its fear of ''energizing'' the wrong ''core.''
Even though trade within Asia has crashed for now, they do not need to learn how to live in a global market.
He was roasted by critics during the Boston try-out of ''Wait Until Dark,'' and reports of his inadequacy have not been exaggerated.
Mutual Fund Trim Tabs, which also tracks fund cash flows, said that in the first eight days of September, investors had bought stock funds, contributing roughly $2.4 billion to American stock funds while withdrawing about $1.2 billion from international stock funds.
Mr. Rosen would not suggest that if murder was committed in the Oval Office, witnesses could not be compelled to testify.
''My father's family survived in Bosnian society as a minority for centuries,'' said Saffiya Turan, a founder of Noor al Iman School in South Brunswick, N.J., whose father emigrated more than 30 years ago from Yugoslavia.
They decided to marry on New Year's Eve, a time of new beginnings.
A flamboyant fixture on the rodeo circuit, Hambone has his fair share of mourners, including two good friends who hire the series hero, a bounty hunter named C. J. Floyd, to find the old cowboy's killer.
He also pointed out the meat packing plant where he worked the summer after graduating from Macalester College in St. Paul.
Route 206, Lawrenceville, three miles south of Princeton.
The court-appointed panel, has charged Mr. Potter, the president of a teamsters' local in Texas, with having testified falsely about the source of $5,000 given to the Hoffa campaign.
Xerox's stock rose 6.4 percent on the news.
Polaroid is the only seller of instant photographic products in the United States, where its patents forced the Eastman Kodak Company out of the business in 1986.
ILAN ROGERS Emek Soreq, Israel, Oct. 23, 1998
American sportswear this season has emerged as decidedly no-nonsense, in contrast to the strong strain of romanticism evident in Europe, but the collections of Isaac Mizrahi and Patrick Robinson provided two important exceptions.
'' The members of the amateur company, who range in age from 8 to 78, will get plenty of opportunities to hone their acting techniques in the 80-minute production.
Active in the pro-democracy movements that led to the fall of the Berlin wall in 1989, Mr. Thierse worked as a literary researcher in the former Communist state.
On a cool, overcast night, Mr. Clinton was greeted with trumpets and an honor guard, but also with flinty remarks from the Israeli Prime Minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, who declared that the Palestinians had not kept their commitments ''and have reverted to past practices.''
As on Thursday, Palestinian police were in evidence trying to turn back the rioters, especially in Nablus, where they fired tear gas canisters.
''All the press was looking for a scandal, because it was a year after Vanessa Williams was forced to resign,'' Mr. Toscanno recalled.
What a fabulous series we deserve, we faithful Catholics!
BUFFALO CITY HALL, 65 Niagara Square, (716) 851-4200.
Using a politically correct mix of men and women -- and the politically astute tactic of alerting the news media beforehand -- so-called Shiv Sainiks rampaged through a matinee show in Bombay on Dec. 2, smashing glass and burning posters.
That cute fence required adorable flowers in front of it.
Some sort of settlement was going to happen sometime, as it will also happen, sometime, in the Middle East.
Louis Armstrong, in later years, would perform concerts drawn from a predictable reservoir of tunes, bestowing on them a mere brushing of freshness.
Her departure was timed to coincide with her 50th birthday in August, Ms. Dykstra said, and was prompted by a desire to seek new personal challenges.
Analysts noted yesterday that Mr. Mogren had been under intense pressure from the Wallenberg family of Sweden, which owns about 12 percent of Astra's stock, to improve the company's return.
The show has been organized by the gallery with Japan's Agency for Cultural Affairs (known as Bunkacho) and the Japan Foundation.
The audit concluded that the Democratic National Committee evaded Federal spending limits by funneling $42 million dollars to state parties for ads that were thinly veiled messages on behalf of the Clinton-Gore re-election campaign.
It largely depends on the system itself.
(It is already available in Europe and Australia.)
So far, the proposal has generated favorable reviews.
Despite the poor showing among black voters, Ms. Northup, who is white and has adopted two black children, worked to build bridges to the city's black residents.
The Malverne Jewish Center records the passing of our charter member and friend, Ruth Hagler.
In 1973, Mr. Kovi and his business partner, Tom Margittai, bought the restaurant from the ailing parent company and, in a few years, succeeded in bringing it back to its former glory.
After four consecutive close calls, U.C.L.A.
Nelson picked up the pace in the middle rounds and began slowly breaking Leija down.
Mr. Zhu is a pragmatist who believes in using government to spur growth, with help from market forces.
The problem, Mr. Clough said, is overinvestment -- the Asian crisis being only the most severe symptom.
But England has grown accustomed to heartbreakingly premature exits.
Born into the Georgian nobility, Chavchavadze attended law school in St. Petersburg but was expelled in 1861 for fomenting student unrest.
The bulk of the refurbishment costs in the early 1990's was borne by a local philanthropist, Leighton H. Coleman.
''The Yankees won again,'' he said.
Mr. McNealy and Mr. Gates are among the seven chief executives whom Mr.
Even with the weaker-than-expected output data, the Fed report suggested that productivity gains continued to improve, as seen in the one-tenth of a percent decline in factory hours worked.
Delaware and Lehigh, Bethlehem, Pa., (610) 861-9345.
Uncertainty In a review of a book about Camus, the reviewer said that Camus's fatal flaw was that he could not take sides, that he saw everything from every point of view.
In ''The Pedicord Apts.,'' you don't find out if Jean is coming over because, in room ''E'' and everywhere else down the hall, the sound is just a tape loop.
Nonetheless these accomplishments speak little to the profundity of a brilliant and deeply beloved man.
''We need very dramatic changes in our system.
In a major defeat for cigarette makers that could affect the course of Federal tobacco legislation, a Florida jury yesterday found the Brown & Williamson Tobacco Corporation liable for a smoker's death and ordered the company to pay about $1 million in compensatory and punitive damages.
He is chairman of MM Holdings International, an investment company, and owns a sports marketing company, First Star International.
But reading is a private matter, far more personal than the communal activity of watching movies.
''There clearly are Republicans out there who don't agree with that agenda and they should be running the party.
Mr. Ho and Mr. Feofanov's argument is that none of her evidence is conclusive.
Indeed, his name now looms large in the world of Beethoven studies.
''Just having some diplomatic observers who come back and say, 'Gosh, this is terrible and they've destroyed the place,' isn't sufficient,'' the official said.
We meet with hundreds of companies to make them aware of our technology plans and to promote the tools in our operating system and to insure that our products and their products work well together.
He therefore led the spade jack, winning the trick, then played a diamond, killing one of dummy's diamond winners.
Old arena-rock tricks never die; they just get picked up by country shows, and Ms.
''He hasn't given us a chance, or himself a chance,'' said Arjun Makhijani, director of the Institute for Energy and Environmental Research, who has been studying the department's environmental problems since the early 80's.
That is, until South Africa turned to Cuba.
Indeed, according to court documents, the weekly payroll of Livent's ''Ragtime'' and ''Showboat'' tours -- $240,000 and $230,000, respectively -- was higher than that of the New York production, $219,000.
The scheme dates at least from 1987, according to court papers, and is said to have involved the court-ordered auctions of hundreds of properties, mostly one- and two-family houses throughout Queens.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose a respectable 133.11 points to close at 8,028.77, and the Nasdaq composite advanced nearly 80 points to close at 1,743.59.
This is a guide written by Rosetta Clarkson, who always maintained that ''most herbs grow best in poor soil, with good drainage, in full sun, in a protected spot.''
Sacred art, not least sacred music, preserves ancient ways that may yet have something to teach, or at least spur creative misinterpretation.
Ms. Macmillan's favorite link on the list is the Dr. Seuss Parody Page (klinzhai.iuma.com/drseuss/ seuss/seuss.parody.html), which is also, coincidentally, one of the most popular sites listed in the webliography.
Stacks of papers are piled up in front of her computer screen.
But three years before that, he was a safety for Stanford.
In January, they began shifting the schedule so that music, not life style shows or comedy, dominated prime time.
So, I wasn't trying to get her to say something that wasn't so.
''The Bible doesn't work that way,'' he said.
''Carol did herself in, in my opinion,'' she said.
The company has said that it will not extend the block on the 737 until it is absolutely sure that its production difficulties are behind it.
His character's wife, played by Laila Robins, is kidnapped.
Died on Friday, March 27th, 1998 after a brief illness at her home in Pensacola, Florida.
But if you like traditional Swedish massage, Manuel Garcia gives the best one I've ever had, necessary after all those convoluted yoga postures and long hikes.
It meant leaving behind, at least for a time, family, friends, even his fiancee, Raquel Vasquez, who works at a bank in Manila.
Playing on Good Friday, he said, ''cheapens our culture, no matter how big the box-office receipts.''
The white audience said it's wonderful, because they won't have to go to Manhattan.''
He remains on a respirator and under sedation.
Charles Michener's Potted Veal 1 4- to 5-pound veal roast, tied Salt and freshly ground black pepper All-purpose flour 4 tablespoons olive oil 1 1/2 cups coarsely chopped yellow onion 2 carrots, peeled and coarsely chopped 1 large rib celery, coarsely chopped 2 cups white wine 2 cups veal or beef stock 2 cloves garlic, peeled 2 large sprigs thyme 2 strips lemon peel 1/2 cup finely chopped onion 1/2 cup finely chopped carrot 1/2 cup finely chopped celery 2 ounces dried porcini mushrooms, soaked for 10 minutes in 1 cups boiling water 1 1/2 teaspoon grated lemon zest 2 tablespoons finely chopped parsley.
Hours: Daily, noon to 4:30 P.M. 620 Broad Street, Shrewsbury.
It is nearly impossible to reveal the punch lines because the essence of his style is that he has none.
Since the threesome became starters three seasons ago, Princeton has won 43 of 45 games, the three players combining for 618 points.
Even Austrians, who ranked at the very bottom in advanced mathematics testing -- just below the United States -- scored 9 percent on this question.
''We're disappointed,'' said Daniel Sieger, an executive with Ruder Finn, the park's public relations firm.
Others presenting new work include the BellSouth Corporation, with spots by West Wayne in Atlanta; the Toyota Motor Corporation, promoting the new Lexus RX 300 and LX 470 sport utility vehicles with commercials by Team One Advertising in El Segundo, Calif., part of Saatchi & Saatchi P.L.C.
Interment Holy Sepulchre Mausoleum, Southfield, MI.
and MCI Worldcom Inc., which began their efforts to win business customers by building local high-speed networks in major cities and then adding long-distance links.
Even so, sales rose 4.3 percent, to $6.04 billion from $5.79 billion, as recently acquired businesses added to revenue.
But in Europe, where one of every 300 people have celiac disease -- a sensitivity to gluten, a protein found in wheat, rye, barley and possibly oats -- a pediatrician would have told Macie's parents that she had celiac disease.
''Given that work is with us on the beach, if we're going to find happiness and self-actualization on the beach, work is going to be a part of it,'' said David J. Reibstein, a professor at the Wharton Business School who said consulting clients and former students regularly sent him E-mail messages late at night and in the early morning.
''We're learning to try not to sneeze on someone,'' said Dr.
''A baller is a guy who's got enough athletic ability to get to the ball.
Here are several I asked just this morning.
Ripken walked into the office of Manager Ray Miller about half an hour before the Orioles' game with the Yankees and said, ''I think the time is right.''
''Investors didn't know how many were ahead of them in the queue and couldn't be sure of where the market would be when they were filled.''
The dissident's wife, Chu Hailan, was standing outside the hotel, witnesses said, waiting for a chance to ask the commissioner to press the case of her husband, Liu Nianchun.
Myers has an unorthodox style, distinct from every other left-hander in the major leagues, but Olerud is now batting .625 (5 for 8) against left-handed pitching this season.
Atlantic City Hilton Boston at Pacific Avenue.
I quoted that in my first column on religious persecution, in 1997 -- from ''In the Lion's Den,'' by Nina Shea, a human rights army in herself, now director of the Center for Religious Freedom of Freedom House.
The metaphor she chooses to describe her work is fierce, but less familiar: a magical symbol of the rewards of dedication.
''New York has decided that it makes sense, in both economic and human terms, to provide health care coverage to low-income children,'' Mr. Sandman said.
So, Fort James teamed up with Reynolds Metals to promote the day with sweepstakes, national television advertising and supermarket displays.
Scott Ritter, who resigned from the inspectorate to talk out against its throttling, says Iraq will need three years to produce nuclear weapons, six months for biological weapons.
The ''14 Up'' bunch has found growth to be a painful process.
Billings were estimated at $2.5 million.
Rates start at $1,050 a person, double occupancy, for seven nights and $1,350 for eight nights.
Others have become more cautious about starting companies.
If Atlantic Beach gets zoning, others will follow, and Hempstead is afraid that if that happens, all that will be left is all these villages and two counties.''
Officials at the toxicology agency declined to comment on the vote, a spokeswoman, Sandra Lange, said.
Vu Van Mau resigned his Government post and ''shaved his head like a Buddhist monk as a gesture of protest,'' Stanley Karnow wrote in his book ''Vietnam: a History''(1983, Penguin).
The United States does not have a specific plan under way to overthrow President Hussein, Government officials say.
''We think it's not a coincidence,'' Dr. Hoffman said.
Thumbing through the book in search of words to ask for directions, the best I could find was a translation for ''Can you direct me to a dentist?
CUBS 3, PADRES 1 At San Diego, Sammy Sosa hit a two-run homer and Kevin Tapani shook off being struck by a broken bat to win his fourth straight decision as Chicago snapped a five-game losing streak.
Graves doesn't fight as much as he did in the early 1990's, when he played Robin to Mark Messier's Batman in a different era for Gotham hockey.
Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays at 8 P.M.; Wednesdays and Saturdays at 2 and 8 P.M.; Sundays at 3.
He was known for a serenity that did not fail him even when tested by the most volatile of ballet stars.
But the two-year-old strategy has not dramatically altered Adidas's sales or earnings, he said.
Coach Jalal Talebi was displeased that players had to attend, rather than getting a good night's sleep, the reporters said.
SERVICE: White-gloved captains open your chopsticks, spread napkins on your lap, offer corsages to the women, and do just about everything but eat your food for you.
But they needed dry weather.
We are content to wait until the series ends to comment on its findings about welfare reform.
''In some ways, it's scarier because the money is huge and the margin for making mistakes is really small.
1 choice and the San Diego Chargers quickly snatched Leaf with the No.
Mr. Everett could not be reached for comment last night.
''The buyer told me he would allow such access,'' he said.
But, as Robert Fulford writes in ''Accidental City: The Transformation of Toronto,'' it is the square itself that has been the unexpected triumph, a rare case of a modern civic plaza that works.
In fact, to hike this trail is to understand how tenuous is man's hold on the landscape, as floods and fires drive people out and earthquakes keep moving these mountains closer to the sea.
The group cited Bob and Harvey Weinstein, founders of Miramax Films, for distributing movies of interest to the gay community.
Tickets, $1,000, or $500 for admission at 6:30, from (212) 245-6570.
But it was not terribly surprising to city officials and several members of Mr. Biederman's boards.
I've worked on it for years, and I wouldn't claim to grasp the situation.''
It means being an out-and-about embodiment of quirky style, having Kate Moss-like hair and Versace sunglasses that you got free from a runway show.
''This is going to be a real center of learning.''
''Going home like this,'' Mr. Feldman said as he sucked in his stomach to make room for fellow straphangers, ''it's just part of living life in New York City.''
It was not the schedule of a man in retreat.
''It's very difficult to get into major distribution.''
By the late 1940's, he was helping to push the boundaries of Wiley into foreign countries.
Many people aren't finding this in their churches and temples; attendance there is down.
Citing King's testimony in the 1995 trial, Chung said, ''He took the stand and told lies, about things big and small.''
The world has moved on so fast.''
Coaching firms don't do that.''
HEAD RUSH (Jellyvision and Berkeley Systems; $29.95; for Windows 95 and 98, and Macintosh 7.1 and later.)
And because of the locking mechanism, the keyboard is higher than other models, which is not useful if you have long upper arms.
Immediately ahead lie larger and more continuous stands of hemlocks, and the adelgid is already spreading somewhat faster as a result, Dr. McClure said.
The San Diego Padres want to retain Brown, but Boras, his agent, will listen to all interested parties.
It becomes a stand-in for the general experience of adolescence.''
A Federal district judge in New York City has taken an important step toward recognizing the special relationship that exists between long-term foster parents and children they are seeking to adopt.
In a short, cerebral practice session, Knicks Coach Jeff Van Gundy tried to focus his team on two things.
Staring up resentfully at the walls, Mr. Reggi added, ''Pompeii is a national treasure, but they are turning it into a Jurassic Park.''
Tightened Security Under the auspices of Interpol, a conference on art smuggling in Eastern and Central Europe is to be held in June in Budapest.
Companies in the services sector did a lot of hiring, adding 139,000 jobs.
''I remember seeing Buchanan eating a piece of bread with butter and drinking a Coke,'' Duran recalled through Juan Rolon, his interpreter.
They enjoy coordinating their behavior.
The rape of five college students on a winter break study trip in Guatemala is a nightmare and a tragedy.
The new law allowed such searches even in routine traffic stops where there was no arrest and no suspicion of any criminal activity.
UNION COUNTY COLLEGE Recent work by Mary Beth McKenzie.
The Irish exodus raises as yet unanswerable questions about the subtler cultural effects on two countries that have long drawn on each other's richness.
Federal prosecutors in Brooklyn said the company, Isratex Inc., rigged inspections to make Defense Department inspectors think they were examining random samples of new clothing when they were actually seeing the same small batch of properly made goods over and over.
But there is plainly more to Mr. Castle's life than hunting and gathering.
Or it appeared again, with a sleeve missing.
Recalled RW Frank Banham and LW Mike Leclerc from Cincinnati of the AHL.
Now Mr. Hargrave, who earns $20,000 a year, is one of three.
The reporter said he needed the information quickly because The Journal intended to post the article on the Web site, Mr. Lockhart said.
has organized a $40 billion economic rescue package for Indonesia, in return for which Mr. Suharto agreed in January to end monopolies and cartels, reorganize the banking sector, remove price supports and end expensive and money-losing projects.
The Yankees, behind eight dominating innings by pitcher David Wells, began the playoffs with a 2-0 victory over Texas in the first game of the division series.
For reservations and directions, call 693-9658.
If the seeds are of a perennial, however, be resigned.
Dinner seatings at 6, 6:15 and 6:30 P.M. 111 Prospect Avenue, West Orange.
''They have raised their cash position since March and April this year,'' he said, adding funds were sitting on cash positions of more than 30 percent of their total portfolios.
It now seems that osteoporosis is more prevalent in men than previously thought and that, although men do not go through menopause, the main cause of the degenerative bone disorder is the same in men and women: an age-related drop in estrogen.
But Mr. Kozlowski has promised that he can cut enough costs, and find enough synergies, to justify the price, and analysts are ready to take his word on faith.
As in all this filmmaker's very best work, the hidden extremes of human nature take his storytelling into perverse, fascinating terrain (Maslin).
With other reseasrch, the study suggests that about 700,000 Americans a year suffer strokes, or about 40 percent more than the accepted estimate, and that the figures could double in the next half-century.
Pool: ''They don't have alternatives.''
What seemed evident, however, was that Mr. Dolan was not happy that some details of the talks, which he had expected to be conducted in secret, had emerged publicly.
Unless it's raining or below 40 degrees, I prefer the outdoors.
We are too good of a defensive team to allow that many open shots.
Then, it was because of corruption, not ineptitude in handling the economy.
But elsewhere hiring was robust.
Deaf, blunt-featured and abusive to servants, he had grown up in what even the 19th century seems to have recognized as a dysfunctional family.
''The last time I was there, I saw a Dior sweater priced at $79 that would be $400 in a city boutique,'' she said.
For example, ''you don't want four members of the same family on the board,'' Mr. Langan said.
Clamp down on smoking by teen-agers.
(312-443-3800) HESH -- A tug-of-war across the generation gap, set in the Bronx and spanning 20 years in the struggle between a father and son.
David Beasley would easily be re-elected.
Next year it will travel to the Brooklyn Academy of Music.
And the markets are often near major highways to increase access for suburban buyers.
In recent weeks, he became enraged when Candace Porter, a schoolmate whom he fashioned to be his girlfriend -- and who was wounded in the shootings -- told him that she was not looking for a boyfriend.
''People expected more of me and I expected more of myself,'' said Jack Jacobs, a retired Army colonel who won the Medal of Honor for saving an American adviser and 13 South Vietnamese soldiers during a firefight in 1968.
While Mr. Bruno lost some smaller spending items to vetoes, the Governor's actions appeared to leave Mr. Silver more bloodied than anyone else in the Capitol.
We expect to collaborate with At Home.''
Ms. Akers said those tools, which squeeze data to make more room on the disk, were primarily aimed at users who had older machines with small hard drives.
Two devoted orphan half-sisters, Marian Fairlie (Tara Fitzgerald) and Laura (Justine Waddell), are living perforce at the estate of their eccentric uncle (Ian Richardson).
Much of the passage work, so carefully articulated by Mr. Ashkenazy without in any way damaging the propulsive energy of the music, is either blurred or crassly unshaped.
J. Pindyck Miller is represented by three welded steel constructions and three sculptural paintings -- abstractions cut into sections, which are is applied to wood blocks of different sizes.
The yen ended higher for the first time in a week after a widely followed quarterly business survey in Japan suggested its economy was not as weak as believed.
''There's a certain mentality among critics, that if I say it's good, it's good, and I don't have to say why,'' Mr. Berger said.
Clearly Mr. Vallone and Mr. Giuliani each believe that he can pick a commission that will share his interests and whose recommendations will further his agenda.
's reported an increase of only seven-tenths of 1 percent in the amount spent on medical expenses for each member per month from the end of September 1997, compared with a 4.5 percent increase the previous six months.
Of course all the language in the world won't help when you actually start bowling.
The recent $3.2 billion settlement between the Dow Corning Corporation, a joint venture of the Dow Chemical Company and Corning Inc., and 170,000 women who claim to have been injured by implants did not resolve the question of whether silicone can cause systemic illness.
He attended the Brooks School in North Andover, Mass., and graduated from Harvard in 1947.
American officials said that in the fiscal year ending on Sept. 30, this country shipped $7 billion of agricultural products to Canada and the Canadians exported $7.7 billion of goods to the United States.
Asked to choose between the country and pop standards he has recorded, he said, ''I like to take a shot at everything.
But Scott said: ''I saw him get dinged once.
The second print, a horizontal, is somewhat closer to realism.
The petting paddock, where you can watch goats eat the clothing of the unwary, is closed.
Joseph J. Ortego, the lawyer for the county, and Herbert Teitelbaum, the lawyer for S.M.G., told the court that the cables in question had been removed and that a separate scoreboard and speaker system had been firmly affixed to steel supports.
Mr. Giuliani is scheduled to meet with President Leonel Fernandez in the morning, then take a helicopter tour of hurricane-ravaged areas before flying to San Juan in the late afternoon.
They have support from several prominent Democrats, including Senators Bob Kerrey of Nebraska, John B. Breaux of Louisiana and Daniel Patrick Moynihan of New York.
Ten running backs combined for 261 yards as Bethpage (7-0-1) pounded Clarke (3-5), 45-7.
And never mind that the Prince and Miss Menem need an interpreter to communicate.
They said, 'We want to do something good.'
They have no desire to have a regular job.
While this day's ride is sedate, I still must be alert to other riders and how the group stops and starts like an accordion at corners.
There are another 50 million cellular customers, he said, and about 50 million paging customers, only some of which use toll-free lines.
Dayne said yesterday that his ankle has fully healed and that he is happy he has slipped under the Heisman radar.
It didn't take more than a minute for many to respond ''to make money,'' ''get a scholarship'' or ''get sponsorships.''
This season they have collectively hit 145 home runs and driven in 432 runs.
The peasant girls wear starched babushkas, and the brutal enforcers known as the Ironshirts wear ski masks.
Great aunt of Priscilla, Elizabeth, Margaret, Erik, Cory, Sean, Evan, Regan, Geoffrey, Wendy, David, Kevin, Lorie Dru, Jared, Amy, Aaron, Jaron, Julia Anne, Jeffrey, Margot, Meredith, Jonathan, Matthew and Amanda.
Clinton sympathizers think their man is the victim of conservative Republicans set on hounding him out of office, as many Republicans believe Richard Nixon was hounded out of office a generation ago.
As a result, few strategists are willing to say this market's run is over.
The little yellow robot men cruising through the blue corridors of Berzerk.
These pictures, taken by 135 photographers who died during the war, are a way of seeing the photographers through their own eyes.
So, he said, he wants each family to receive a certificate telling them how much financial aid might be available, and for the family to receive this information well in advance of when the child would be attending college so that the child can start preparing and take the proper courses.
No less important, his studio became a gathering place for artists and writers like Zola and Mallarme.
But a computer can do the calculations in a few hours.''
* This month Charles, Earl Spencer, officially opened Althorp, his 550-acre estate, to a rush of tourists who have 60 days to see the estate's new museum devoted to Diana, Princess of Wales.
''That's without getting up to get a glass of water, anything to eat or going to the bathroom,'' he said.
His successor has not been named.
Everyone wears it, so I never would.
The exhibition confirms MOCA's reputation for tearing off large chunks of history and turning them into stimulating, if not exactly flawless, plates of food for thought, accompanied by exhaustive catalogues and inventive installations.
The strategy also helps fund companies by increasing the chance that at least one of their funds will land in the upper ranks of the performance tables, drawing attention and new investors.
Vivian Balfour George, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Michael M. George of New York, was married yesterday to Tyler James Smith, a son of Dr. and Mrs. David E. Smith of Albany.
More people are meeting people than at any time in history.
IN story after story, outsiders become heroes, challenging received truths.
He liked being a Longhorn.
And each insists its way is best.
Wednesday at 2 P.M. Free.
In good health, she has only a few criticisms.
A month later, jubilant National Cancer Institute officials identified the first drug to delay, if not necessarily prevent, breast cancer among women at high risk for the disease.
''You can view this as a revolution in law teaching.''
Krakowiak checked his pockets and found only $7.
The Nicaraguan Government has said it needs at least 20 American helicopters to transport food and supplies to isolated regions, and that only eight helicopters had been sent so far.
Aggressively promotes the use of financial incentives like tax breaks, loans, low-cost electric power to retain employers in New York State and to attract new ones.
PITTSBURGH PIRATES--Agreed to terms with RHP Todd Bussa, RHP Steve Mintz, LHP Kevin Tolar, LHP Steve Wiegandt, INF Kevin Grijak, INF Dave Kennedy and OF-1B Phil Geisler on minor-league contracts.
The best-known of the temples, Angkor Wat, has been described as the largest religious monument ever built.
To provide the rest of the space needed by FEGS, the Resnicks juggled other tenants and cobbled together parts of the first, second, fourth and ninth floors, aligning the vacant space in a stack at the northeast corner of the building that could be served by the same set of elevators.
The mall, with 1.5 million square feet of space, would be built at the juncture of Interstates 95 and 91 with a bus link to the Long Wharf waterfront area.
By 1997, the only Kentucky Democrats serving in Washington were Mr. Baesler in the House and Senator Ford.
''Until we have all the information we need, it's hard to make a characterization of what the significance of this step is,'' said James Rubin, a State Department spokesman.
Unlike President Clinton, he has no professional public relations staff or spin doctors.
Mr. Alda was there to interview ANDREW S. K. THOMAS, the American astronaut aboard the Mir space station, for the Public Broadcasting Service.
Senator McCain, whom the French consider no friend, appeared to suggest on an American television news show that the reason Saddam Hussein had been able to avoid Anglo-American bombing last month might have been that France had tipped him off that the bombers were on the way.
The company started as a 50-50 joint venture between Mr. Conrad, who had the knowledge and skill, and Paulo de Brito, a Brazilian rancher and investor, who had the money.
''The markets are looking for a signal that there's going to be decisive coordinated international action to prevent the crisis from forcing Brazil into devaluation,'' said Francisco Larios, a senior emerging markets economist at Standard & Poor's DRI, ''and these rumors feed the hope that such action is being worked on.
The mercury had pushed over the 100-degree mark again here in the high desert, but the tourists from Germany were undeterred, looking for clues to life in the American West before every small town had an espresso bar.
Mrs. Gardner was graduated from The Juilliard School and received graduate degrees from Teachers College, Columbia University.
According to board figures for the most recent year, nearly 4,500 moved to New Jersey and 4,800 to Florida.
In four games against them he has snared 19 passes, with 2 touchdowns, for 263 yards.
But he said that in recent years his company had not owned the metal until July.
You take your corn and boil it for your corn relish.
The classic precaution is layering with wool, which preserves warmth even when wet.
Many users are unaware that holding the Alt key and pressing and releasing the Tab key allows them to quickly switch between applications, that pressing Control and the letter A will select an entire document or that Control and the letter P will print the current document.
''I was the first to give a ball in here,'' she said.
He has a great approach to coaching.''
MILWAUKEE SYMPHONY, Marcus Center for the Performing Arts, Uihlein Hall, 929 North Water Street, (800) 291-7605.
In lieu of flowers, contributions to The American Red Cross-Shelter Island Chapter, P.O.
Passed away on Dec. 15, 1998 in Las Vegas, NV.
''I get far more than my share of comebackers.
That there was information that we would proceed to act on.
Yet overall there's a life to the work that can't be denied.
Giddiest of all is the point when Mr. Kelly and then Mr. Bannen, each of whom is about 70, wind up speeding down back roads on a motorcycle naked.
And there are numbers that summon heartbreak: four times, in 1968, '69, '73 and '94, Paterno teams have posted perfect seasons and were denied the national title.
Despite their secretive natures, many funds are being forced to be more open about their positions.
Brosius' second homer came off Hoffman in the top of the eighth, turning a 3-2 deficit into a 5-3 Yankee lead.
A dinner for two with wine runs about $120.
The Nasdaq was led by Microsoft, up 3 3/4, to a record 98 3/4.
Many of the refugees settled in the Muirhevna Mor housing project, which is still known as Little Belfast.
Tonight and tomorrow night at 9; tickets are $20 in advance or $25 at the door (Pareles).
Ken Starr was giving that spooky smile of his and droning on with starchy phrases like ''possible potential offenses,'' ''at a fairly high level of generality,'' ''not in a person-specific way'' and, of course, his irritating tag for almost every observation, ''and the like.''
The man many consider the foremost cosmologist of the day, an intellectual superstar of the first magnitude, is about to ''speak.''
''And I think someone will win the Masters in their 60's.''
The report also showed no sign of inflation pressures in the region.
''We remain committed to making the changes that are necessary to regain our leadership as a responsible steward of the state's timber resources,'' Mr. Campbell said.
The Composer Covers His Tracks The lunch was for the Emerson String Quartet, which won a Grammy Award last month for its recording of the Beethoven string quartets, and for the composer NED ROREM, whose String Quartet No.
''And if they could grow there, they could grow in my garden.''
So much for the Mariners' thoughts of their third division championship in four seasons.
Three musicians play string instruments.
Pensioners and laid-off workers have an even harder time than the Sokolovs.
I remained in Switzerland for three years.
Italy awarded him its Gold Medal for the arts, and he was honored by the Salon des Artistes of Paris.
Its yield, which moves in the opposite direction, was up to 5.71 percent from 5.69 percent Monday.
Yet the csardas is a fabrication, probably devised by 19th-century aristocrats and meant for ballroom dancing.
Mr. Wilson put it this way: ''I know my political ideas affect what I write, but I've tried hard to follow the facts wherever they land.
Both were big contributors to Mr. Feingold's victory margin in 1992.
Testaverde tossed a 19-yard pass to Keith Byars, who knocked Kevin Greene out of the game in a helmet-to-helmet collision when the linebacker tried to tackle him.
Certainly, commemorating Russia's nouveaux riches cannot be done on the cheap.
Over the next years, Mrs. Hafe, a gregarious woman with a wide circle of friends and a bulging file of telephone numbers, continually amazed Arab-American leaders and visiting Arab diplomats with the ease with which she could put them in touch with journalists and newscasters, many of whom were, in turn, equally amazed with the ease with which she could ferret out and secure them interviews with obscure Arab officials or Arab-American scholars, lawyers and business leaders.
Mr. Piel joined the law firm of Sullivan & Cromwell in 1935 and became a partner in 1946.
Tomorrow at 8 P.M.; tickets are $18 (Pareles).
Not a farmer was in sight, so I headed to the top of a bluff overlooking the farm and the Hudson River and knocked on the door of an old yellow house.
Some 35 percent of college graduates get their news from the Internet at least once a week; 47 percent of college graduates under the age of 30 do.
Barrymore, 243 West 47th Street, (212) 239-6200.
One reason the Nets were so sluggish early might have been the play of Cassell, who appeared intent on showing the full house just how much the Nets need him to shoot.
Mr. Freeman, a mechanical engineer, said he flew 56 missions and was shot down twice by the Germans, escaping both times.
Think of ''A Doll's House'' performed in a doll's house, and you have the idea.
Either that, or Kemp was out to prove a point.
Officials said a construction crew's error was responsible.
Gretchen Lys Elmendorf, a daughter of Ellen Fehsenfeld Elmendorf of Delmar, N.Y., and the late Dr. DuMont Frelinghuysen Elmendorf Jr., was married yesterday to Andrew Evans Vaughan, a son of Barbara Vaughan of Lewes, Del., and Dr. W. S. Vaughan Jr. of Annapolis, Md.
For more than a century, Lucy the Elephant, the enormous beachfront pachyderm in Margate City, has withstood storms, neglect, commercial development and the threat of the wrecking ball to become a popular seashore landmark.
The foundation works with a few individual artists, though much of the merchandise comes from traders and wholesalers.
Unlike many other seasons when the Cubs disappointed themselves and their fans, pre-game preparations did not become washed away in the tears of another failure.
Garrity praised Rob Hodgson, the junior forward, for a strong defensive effort against him.
Admission is $3.50, $2.50 for children and older adults.
''It's fun, but it's not fun like going to Six Flags is fun,'' Lehman said.
But the report suggests a more willful disregard for rules, describing an agency at which jobs gained through nepotism and political patronage were not uncommon.
''Ask my wife,'' said Mike Negrelli, the instructor, using the hen-pecked cadence of Henny Youngman.
In 1915, the gilding on the enormous statue of Albert in the monument's center was stripped away, ostensibly so it wouldn't glint and provide a target for enemy fire, but probably because the German-born Albert was none too popular at the time.
The crown prosecutor, Adrian Reid, told the jury that despite Mr. Regan's gentlemanly demeanor and public reputation, he had ''a dark side'' that led him to prey on young women.
''Our intention is to hold onto him,'' Ash said.
The Yankee owner GEORGE STEINBRENNER wants him there, he said.
The United States is getting a bonanza from sliding oil prices, which have boosted economic growth and helped to mask the deteriorating trade deficit with the rest of the world.
Playing their fourth game in 10 days, the MetroStars scored a 3-2 shootout victory over the Kansas City Wizards at Giants Stadium tonight, but it seemed they were ready for a rest.
''MADAMA BUTTERFLY,'' New York City Opera.
The beige-and-taupe materials, including the plastic, appeared to be high quality.
But most of all, Ms. Mahoney learned an essential lesson.
''He is still allowed to carry his weapon because we had no previous reason that he should not,'' Police Commissioner Howard Safir said yesterday in a news conference at City Hall.
The cheap clearing of land by burning will be harder than ever to stop given the economic hardships that make it less likely that plantation owners will shift to more expensive mechanized methods, several experts said.
That was the slogan at the Garden last week, but what is the definition of great?
Props and drops, staircases, skies and Gothic windows stored in Paper Mill's scene shop in Edison, can be transposed, or disguised, from one show to another.
He was 86 and lived in Alexandria.
''She has been a big mentor for a lot of people.''
At panel discussions, futurists with technology backgrounds floated the heretical view that copyright protection was a medieval concept, arguing that it had no place in a digital world, where information could be transferred with a few computer-keyboard clicks.
''You cannot say we lose money on selling that package.''
-- ''The Murrays of Murray Hill'' is a book by Charles Monaghan and a talk by the author, at The New-York Historical Society next Sunday at 2 P.M. about the Quaker family of Robert and Mary Murray, who first settled the area; 170 Central Park West (at West 77th Street); $5; $3 for students and people 65 and older; (212) 873-3400.
I've been walking around with it stuck in my shirt for the past couple of years, and I write everything with it.
The sense of class divisions that Strindberg relied on to give his audience an intellectual framework for the story has disappeared in the 110 years since ''Miss Julie'' first appeared in Sweden.
The power failure at the Harrison substation was the cause of the failure at the Mamaroneck sewage plant, and the cause of that power failure is being investigated.
BALTIMORE RAVENS Released QB Bill Ward, RB Ben Snell, WR Stevie Anderson, WR Duane Gregory, WR McArthur Johnson, WR Donald Richard, TE Cam Quayle, OL Brandon Dyson, OL Adam Hernandez, LB William Morris, LB Ron Rogers, DB Tyrone Hughes, DB Alfred Jackson, DB Lamar Lyons, DB Robert Mack, DB Ryan Sutter and PK Nelson Garner.
But he is more likely to be remembered for warring with Congress.
Says Veen: ''What many designers forget is they need to explain to their audience how to use a page, as well as how to read it.''
A word for the corps, beautifully disciplined in ''Diamonds,'' led by Philip Neal, in a debut, and Kyra Nichols.
It can also have an impact, though a more limited one, on global warming.
''They are not showing the mental toughness and focus.
Professor Hogan was extensively involved in the development of the Uniform Commercial Code and served as a member of the New York State Commission on Uniform State Laws from 1974 to 1991.
Hence, Russia is without effective government.
Disney's 1992 effort at a live-action musical, ''Newsies,'' grossed a disastrous $2.8 million.
15, a par 3, when he hit his tee shot into the rough, chipped to 10 feet, then missed the putt.
As curator of Marineland of the Pacific, one of the country's first large aquariums, Dr. Norris confirmed that dolphins use sound transmission to see, a process known as echolocation.
''This year, I won it.''
Sergio Motta, the Minister of Communications who oversaw the breakup of the Brazilian telecommunications monopoly, died on Sunday of complications from Legionnaires' disease.
He was then elected to the Board of Selectmen, serving on the Budget committee and chairing the Long Range Planning Committee.
Investors dumped the stock, and it fell $6.5625, to $41.1875, on Thursday, with more than 28 million shares traded.
To take the southern route, a bus leaves the former railroad station in Phoenix at 5 A.M., covering the 119 miles to Tucson by 7:05 A.M.
But when he's not in control, he's much more fragile.
One who didn't always was Steve Yzerman, the veteran captain of the Red Wings.
Five news organizations today filed a motion in Federal District court here, seeking to make public arguments between the White House and the Office of the Independent Counsel over the use of executive privilege.
Many colleges encourage, even require, students to work together.
My mother took care of Dawn for five years -- after she became too heavy to lift, could barely speak or feed herself and was incontinent.
Mr. Shur said the company is looking for new offices, but he would like to stay on Long Island.
That same day, Linda R. Tripp, a former colleague of Ms. Lewinsky who testified for eight days before the grand jury, also met with prosecutors at the independent counsel's office to answer a series of follow-up questions, the lawyers said.
To many people, when the Women's National Basketball Association made its debut last year, the almost-as-new American Basketball League seemed doomed.
The plans all forecast and suggest investments based on several factors, like how fast you want your money to grow, how much risk you want to take and how various investments (stocks, bonds, funds) have performed over time.
The companies ''always hold out the continual threat that 'we'll pull out if we don't get this tax break or this grant,' '' said Anthony Wright, program director for New Jersey Citizen Action, a consumer group.
If convicted of second-degree grand larceny, each faces a maximum sentence of 15 years in prison.
She is 59 -- ''younger than Sophia Loren,'' as she points out, and has four children.
The Irish director Neil Jordan, who has a film in competition, received an award.
Carrying it off-duty is a matter of choice, judgment and disposition.
The first two ''Border'' novels have only a geographical relationship to each other; they feature different protagonists and are set roughly 10 years apart, before and after World War II.
From its highly successful Pathfinder mission, which left a small robot rover crawling about Mars, to new probes heading for asteroids and comets, and small satellites measuring tropical rainfall or atmospheric gases on Earth, the space agency says it has ample evidence that the streamlined approach is working.
DEVIL RAYS 6, ORIOLES 3 Tampa Bay became the second expansion team in baseball history to sweep a four-game series on the road as Dave Martinez drove in two runs in a victory in Baltimore.
He engaged in a years-long clandestine affair with Lucy Mercer, a former social secretary.
But I knew that the main source of their meetings was about her move to New York and her getting a job.
''She can be difficult to work with,'' said Platov, her partner.
Not that he needed any.
He was also appointed head of a parliamentary commission for overseeing the declassification of millions of documents in the Communist Party and state archives.
Important scenes are somewhat more transparently rendered -- Chippering gets trussed by two hookers and ends up telling his Vietnam story to a janitor, who allows him to do so only if he mops the floors.
Early this week, Mr. Giuliani attended the funerals of three firefighters who died in a Brooklyn fire last week.
And here in the land of plenty we've never had it so good.
has announced a series of top-level executive changes.
Hong Kong has pressed civil servants into duty for the killing, carried out by slitting the birds' throats when supplies of carbon dioxide ran out.
You might see the Borough President, Fernando Ferrer, or a major leaguer.
Some parents expressed feelings of betrayal, and many stopped posting messages.
But strategists here are keeping their eyes on the periphery of the euro -- the economies and markets of nations that haven't yet joined the party and others on the edge of the new united Europe.
''I want to know what I'm going to do in the future.''
Mr. Blyer said the five workers, who were dismissed or transferred last summer, were all supporters or organizers for Local 272.
Instead, it appears the tribe may want to build a casino on a former reservation in Burlington County, said the lawyer, Glenn McGogney.
Marilyn Nelson, the translator of ''Hecuba,'' includes echoes of the spiritual ''Nobody Knows the Trouble I've Seen'' in that strange drama's choruses because, Nelson, who is an African-American, writes, ''Hecuba's story is my great-great-great-grandmother's story.''
That superior, a sub-sergeant, Luis Antonio Colindres Aleman, was also found guilty, but he is held in a prison away from the others, and declined to talk to the American investigators.
That does not make shoppers any more sympathetic to salespeople.
DE GENNARO San Antonio, May 18, 1998
Today's decision, not accompanied by any explanation or exposition from the court, was far from a blanket acceptance of all 764 of the charges brought by prosecutors.
Until last year, when archeologists finally accepted the antiquity of the Monte Verde site, the earliest confirmed traces of human activity in the Americas had been 11,200-year-old stone spear points discovered in the 1930's near Clovis, N.M.
''In this market, landlords are taking lower level nonwindowed areas that were previously used for storage, and are calling them concourse levels, garden levels and plaza levels,'' said Raymond A. Ruiz, a vice president at the Garden City offices of CB Richard Ellis, the real estate brokerage handling the leasing in both complexes.
By then, the indictment charges, he was already extorting the C.I.A.
''We are at a rehearsal,'' she said, ''and everyone was carrying on nicely, speaking English.
Forecasters are counting on low inflation, falling interest rates and confident consumers to keep growth going in the year's second half.
It was in effect before he purchased the property, which he purchased as vacant land and put a farm on it.''
''I started my professional activity as a neurologist trying to bring release to my neurotic patients,'' Freud tells the interviewer.
''This is a step in my life.''
Prime-time ratings for his CNBC program, ''Rivera Live,'' which has devoted its hour to the Lewinsky-Clinton story night after night, are up nearly 30 percent for the month of July compared with July last year, to 567,000 households, from 438,000. ''
''Pocatello, Idaho, where there is not much traffic, doesn't deserve this system either,'' he said in an interview today.
But the builders are banking on a deal: The scale and trajectory of the project make it clear that Israel is the pipeline's viable market, and ENI does not disguise its expectation that the pipeline will extend well beyond El Arish.
Mr. Kennedy, who ran a nonprofit company that delivers heating fuel to the poor and had served as campaign manager for his brother Representative Joseph P. Kennedy 2d and his uncle Senator Edward M. Kennedy, acknowledged last year that he had had an affair with his baby sitter.
Tickets: today and tomorrow, $45; Sunday, $40.
Even the losers did not suffer too badly; people who left Goldman, often after concluding they would not make partner, have been sought after by many firms.
I used to hide them so my friends wouldn't know, but now everyone in my generation seems to like Frank.
For many euro advocates, though, Britain has already waited too long.
The gift was also contingent on a promise to maintain a balanced budget.
But the superstars do not win championships on their own, even Michael Jordan.
Mr. Vacco said he has redefined that role.
As for Japan, it agreed on Friday to a landmark package, resisted for many years, to liberalize air travel links to the United States.
A spokeswoman for Quorum said Mr. Eder was unavailable.
''We have no democracy here,'' said Linda L. Heimer, a longtime resident.
Susan Amlung, a spokeswoman for the United Federation of Teachers, said the union did not object to the plan and would not require the Austrians to join the union.
''The Democrats are confused, all over the map, and they've got a leader who's got big troubles.
''I feel close to the players on that team and feel a special kinship with the team, and their accomplishment this season is really something special.
Creativity and imagination are fostered by free time that doesn't require expensive toys, video games or guidance, she said, and added that adults fondly remember playing with blocks on a rainy day, building forts, or acting out roles with no make-up and rudimentary props.
won its first season opener since 1994.
Though Mr. Lungren has established a tough anti-crime record, Democrats said they would accuse him of moving too slowly to join the suit against the tobacco companies, and for not sufficiently enforcing a ban on assault weapons.
LOS ANGELES KINGS--Assigned LW Josh Green to Springfield of the AHL.
When it could not reach agreement with the company on several issues in early 1997, it stopped rating new issues at the company's request, Mr. Macy said.
Now the question is, how can Hofstra get excited about the likes of Vermont and Delaware when it had stopped the hearts of 11,080 fans at the Garden?
''We are obeying the rules of democracy and the secular state.''
Professor Sen was a student at Cambridge in the 1950's under the economist Joan Robinson.
Signed D Chris Fox and loaned him and D Kevin Pozzo to New Orleans of the ECHL.
The stakes are particularly high because if Democrats maintain dominance in the legislature and capture the Governor's office, they will control redistricting for 2002 in the state with the most House seats.
I would say he won 100 percent of the arguments, and 75 percent of the time he was right.''
Mr. Miller based his text on Jeremy Sams's English translation, and musically, at least, there was much to admire.
In retrospect, said her father, Danny Kwan, the injury may have provided her with an unintended benefit.
''How can we possibly justify doing otherwise if a man like Poplasen is in charge?''
Neighbors who want plans for Liquid to evaporate say the area is overrun with clubs and they fear that another glitzy establishment will bring even more noise and limousine traffic.
Some, like XL Connect near Philadelphia, which employs 1,500 people skilled in computer networks, pay as much as $1,000 to an employee who recruits someone who stays six months.
The major vacation spot that gave rise to the dreams is Florida, as works named ''Alligator Alley'' and ''Weekiwachee Spring'' indicate.
BROADWAY BY THE BAY THEATER Chubby Checker.
After a Celtics timeout, Walker made a 3-pointer to put Boston ahead by 1.
Since it is rather dwarf, less than a foot tall, Colorado Gold gazania is recommended for rock gardens.
But of all their crops, the watermelon is king -- a traditional summer treat for Russians, who have even been known to preserve them until winter by waxing them, or by pickling them, to be eaten as a snack accompanied by vodka.
THE GENERATIONAL PEACEMAKERS -- While Social Security taxes and benefits create a tangled web of income redistribution, most of the transfer is from young to old.
Von Frank convincingly demonstrates that Thoreau and Ralph Waldo Emerson were not mere philosophical dreamers aloof from social problems, as is often claimed.
But he later returned to teaching, both privately in Washington and at the Curtis Institute of Music in Philadelphia.
3 3 10 A WALK IN THE WOODS, by Bill Bryson.
The land cost for one person for six nights, double occupancy, including meals, is $2,080.
Those with the fervor to appear as soon as possible in the latest spring things run the danger of looking silly traipsing down frozen streets in lightweight coats and sandals, not to mention the threat of catching a cold that even the most costly chicken soup can't cure.
Some school systems start as early as kindergarten; others wait until junior high or high school.
At a cooperative founded three years ago by Candace Kuebel in Larchmont, N.Y., families initially receive 60 coupons, each good for a half-hour of sitting.
Strong butter aroma and butter flavor, but a little greasy.
The account, with billings estimated at $12 million to $15 million, had been handled for three years by Citron Haligman Bedecarre in San Francisco until that agency and Dreyfus parted ways in April.
''I think this is exactly what we were talking about; before the break you get a good, solid game in and leave with a good feeling and come back with a good feeling,'' Devils Coach Jacques Lemaire said.
A dying northerly breeze and light, shifting winds marked the last day of racing last weekend in the J/44 North American Championship on Long Island Sound.
Rather, his cooking is deceptively simple, his flavors deep, clean and layered more profusely than a mille-feuille.
Justin Leonard, the first-day leader, and Scott Hoch were seven shots back at 135.
Mr. Clubb is no wordsmith, or maybe he is and that's the problem.
Deng urged the Chinese to look ahead and get busy making money, which many did.
Brahms lovers deserve a treat.
Not to mention that the strong odor of naphthalene, the active ingredient in mothballs, is a turn-off to many.
The opposition groups have seized on the attack on Iraq as proof that the American sponsor of the Palestinian-Israeli agreements is an enemy of Arabs and of Islam.
(336) The agent working alongside Officer Muskett knocked on the door to the Oval Office.
Nedved scored 11 goals and had 12 assists in 46 games that season for the Rangers.
Mr. Leschly was beside himself, the manager remembered, bending over backward to get this person to stay.
Spending on housing in March was strong.
If you are not sure you have made enough soup for six, spoon some from the pot into a bowl, calculate how much you need, and add more ingredients if necessary.
Peter Saul Nolan/Eckman Gallery 560 Broadway, at Prince Street SoHo Through Oct. 17 Peter Saul, the funny, raucous and incorrigibly politically incorrect bad boy of art, is at it again.
Not only did I love doing it, but I loved being in front of an audience.
If a ball rolls across the floor, the cat will chase it, but the little girl will look to see where the ball came from.
''If we are going to show it to the world, it must be presented in line with Chinese tradition.''
But I remembered similar situations in my own life and tried to hold a brief for the passionate.
But basically, the pleasure principle reigns.
But many advocates and independent fiscal monitors say that the city's public works have fallen into such disrepair that drastic action is needed, like dipping into the surplus in its regular budget, and using that money for specific, urgent repairs.
It is a saga riddled with greed and miscalculation, one that left once-rich heirs to the Calumet baking powder fortune bankrupt and a proud racing name a shambles.
Nokes plays for the St. Paul Saints of the Northern League in Winnipeg.
''Obviously we need to do more.''
It also enabled my family to lapse into a digital facsimile of the incendiary conversation that had prompted Dan to stomp away from the Thanksgiving table back in 1978.
There are two versions of ''Strike Up the Band,'' the one that closed in 1927 and the production that opened in Broadway in 1930 with Kaufman's original satire defanged in a book reworked by Morrie Ryskind.
Dreamy flashbacks in which she hungers for the life she left behind are steeped in Jewish ritual and chant, and she secretly continues to observe Passover.
Microsoft refused; c. in June 1996, Compaq wanted to (and, for a time, did) remove the IE icon from the Windows desktop.
Since there is no evidence that users can be persuaded to change, search sites have begun to mold their tools to fit our habits.
Weeks later, three Columbia executives in Florida were indicted for cost-reporting fraud.
(Reuters) GUINEA-BISSAU: A CEASE-FIRE -- Mutinous soldiers seeking to topple the elected Government of President Joao Vieira agreed to observe a 48-hour cease-fire in the former Portugese colony to allow time for talks.
His swing is right, the manager thought, he's not trying to pull the ball.
Mr. Schumer's strong performance reflected a campaign that even his rivals described as largely flawless: from the start, he avoided making attacks on his opponents and spoke about his record in Congress.
Earlier this season, Tennessee trailed the University of Illinois by 22 points at home and still won by 10, 78-68.
Robinson Sr., observing Susannah from the afterlife, describes her in the midst of a vigorous erotic encounter with her lover of the moment, Pauline, a gray-haired 55-year-old who, during the course of the book, extols the virtues of marijuana, of having contempt for men and of sensualist liberation.
Mr. Miller said he knew of several transactions in the works exceeding the $2,000 mark.
The $30 million civil suit Latrell Sprewell filed in an attempt to make the National Basketball Association and the Golden State Warriors pay for punishing him after he attacked his coach, P. J. Carlesimo, was dismissed by Federal District Judge Vaughn Walker in San Francisco yesterday.
MADELYN FUGAZY Director of Development, Community Relations Cancer Care Inc. Woodbury
But the estuary shares with its neighbors widespread destruction of shoreline wetlands that coincided with Long Island's post-World War II housing boom.
Indeed, there are enough priceless examples of 19th-century decorative arts to make its curator -- this armory has a curator and a colonel -- nervous.
''I wanted the whole cookie and I got it.
''Both Carl and Marshall are among the most creative network citizens that we have,'' said Mr. Cerf, now an executive at MCI Worldcom.
Villard Noir, a red hybrid grape once widely planted in France, has long yielded attractive wines for buy-at-noon uncork-tonight drinking in the Northeast, especially in New York's Finger Lakes region.
Beloved wife of the late David.
''What rubbed people the wrong way about the old Miami is that we were successful,'' Covington said.
The thing is, you can't do much about it if people have made up their minds about you.
Mr. Bragman, a Democrat, said 14 is a reasonable age for young people to try to shoot their first deer.
President Clinton is to meet on Saturday with his national security advisers to discuss how long the air campaign will continue, but the Pentagon suggested the bombing would go on into the weekend.
We probably say 'yes' too many times.
In fact, Mr. Miller said, he is starting an on-line photographic agency out of his sprawling old farmhouse in Waterbury, Vt., and though he has wood stoves elsewhere in the house, and happily splits the logs that he gets dumped in his driveway at $70 a cord, he heats the computer-scanner-photo room with gas.
He's never asked for it.''
''The best story a young writer has to write is the story he or she is afraid to tell.
Jack Friedberg, an authority on currency and the former president of a nationwide coin dealership, died on June 14 at Scottsdale Health Care Hospital in Arizona.
Later in the game, when the Cubs were at bat but Sosa wasn't due up soon, the fans made the trip to get hot dogs.
Offices of McCann-Erickson Worldwide Advertising, part of the McCann-Erickson World Group unit of the Interpublic Group of Companies, won the most awards at the 27th annual Mobius Advertising Awards ceremony, sponsored by the United States Festivals Association.
Ms. Lewinsky's prior consistent statements to various friends, family members, and counselors -- made when the relationship was ongoing -- likewise corroborate her testimony on the nature of the President's touching of her body.
''So we tell people how deep the problems are and they want to shoot the messenger.
Mr. Albright's discovery of prejazz musical styles -- ragtime and stride piano -- was a revelation.
Mr. Condit said the board had reviewed Boeing's three different business segments.
But privileges serve a transcendent purpose.
They will advise honesty in the interests of their party's fate, Mr. Clinton's survival and repairing the Presidency.
And Rony Seikaly, the veteran center recently obtained from Orlando, had not played a game for his new team because of a bruised right foot.
''But once they left the sidewalk they were endangering the motorists, they were endangering the pedestrians.
Having watched McGwire take a third strike a few minutes earlier, he said, ''It looks to me like McGwire guessed on the last pitch.
The gesture resembles a mudra, a sacred sign in Hinduism, particularly the sign for confidence.
Scratch the ground open with a strong hand cultivator before the bulbs are tucked in.
Grab a videotape of Jim Gray's interview of Don King last Saturday before the Julio Cesar Chavez-Miguel Angel Gonzalez pay-per-view show.
The judge who presided over nine months of often contentious testimony in the Tawana Brawley slander suit issued his final decision in the case today, ruling that Ms. Brawley herself, the central, elusive character in this drawn-out melodrama, must pay $185,000 in damages for defaming Steven A. Pagones.
In her book, Ms. Secrest stresses the passion that Mr. Sondheim brings to his highly disciplined profession, and when it is pertinent she relates the life to the work.
In one room this ended the bidding and West made eight tricks.
''There's a small chemical difference between the two,'' said Dr. Michael Giordano, a researcher at New York Hospital-Cornell Medical Center, ''but nitrites are altered in the body to behave as nitrates.''
Texas Tech 67, Kansas St. 62 Alicia Thompson scored 27 points as No.
The book provides an exhaustive study of loony cinematic scientists: Peter Lorre as Dr. Gogol in ''Mad Love'' (about hand transplants), Albert Dekker as Dr. Thirkell in ''Dr.
''We're in the heart of the Bible Belt,'' Mr. Turnham said.
Denbury Resources Inc., Dallas, 4.6 million shares.
When Mrs. Lee fled, the complaint said, Mr. Bok chased her and shot her once in the cheek.
With McGwire safely seated, Speier threw the very next pitch at the chin of the next batter, Brian Jordan.
Mark Brunell passes to Keenan McCardell produced two fourth-quarter touchdowns that gave Jacksonville the lead.
All New York City Transit employees will be given a new look by spring, and for the first time, there will be specially designed clothes for women, including maternity wear.
Wealthy philanthropists devoted to the settlement house movement make plans to eradicate poverty and to erase the more unsettling signs of foreignness found among the immigrant poor.
It was against this backdrop of upheaval that the leaders of the Old Calendrists, Archbishop Paisios Loulourgas and Bishop Vikentios of Avlon, decided to seek reunification of their Genuine Orthodox Christian Church -- with 20 churches and monasteries in the United States, including 6 in New York City -- with the larger Greek Orthodox Church.
A12 Housing the Poor A shortage of affordable housing for poor people is growing in many suburbs, according to a report by the Department of Housing and Urban Development that will be delivered to Congress today.
Another site, www.reno.net, had similar information on the Tahoe region, which is to say not much.
To be sure, nobody is comparing Mr. Estrada to Mr. Marcos, who awarded vast monopolies to trusted supporters and is suspected of looting billions of dollars during his 20-year rule.
PLAYERS YOU SHOULD KNOW: Sweeper Wolfgang Feiersinger and attacking midfielder Andreas Herzog.
Russia has not used that technology yet because of a sterile international dispute over which of two methods would be more desirable.
The box office personnel at the 47th Street Theater Development Fund TKTS booth were flummoxed recently when a woman asked for a ticket to ''the Princess Di show.''
According to Daneyko, much of the seven weeks of his stay had to do with ''dealing with my life and with responsibility.''
''Because,'' Mankiewicz answered, ''nobody appointed DeMille to do the counting.''
The visits were prominently reported in the Arab press, and the sheik was repeatedly interviewed on Arabic cable television stations.
''I found myself immersed in the epidemic in the Bronx.
His work revealed an overabundance of slag, the glassy residue left over from the smelting of metallic ores.
Abbott also made a $20 million investment in the company.
SHORT SALES TABLES EXPLAINED Cover ratio represents the number of days, at average volume level, that it would take to purchase the number of shares sold short.
In an opera whose main characters are nocturnal animals, and whose action unfolds after dark, the night sounds are disappointingly tame.
The final choice, impeachment by the House of Representatives and a removal trial by the Senate -- that's frightening to most of us.
And nobody will pay any attention to us.''
(Windows 95, 98 and NT machines have telnet software already installed, but Macintosh computers do not.)
Nevertheless, American anti-narcotics aid to Colombia overall has increased from $22 million to about $100 million in the last three years.
The game, after all, a whimsical variation of pool dreamed up in 1875 by English Army officers stationed in India, takes its name from a term of derision for a gullible, green cadet, the very sort to be snookered by crafty play.
Then, at 4:45, after a snack of papaya juice, she found a library carrel to prepare for a Composition and Rhetoric class an hour away.
It is intended to fully integrate the company's Internet browser technology with the Windows operating system, a market in which the company has a commanding market share.
The men are to meet alone on Thursday, presumably to discuss the issue that threatens to impede the work of the Assembly, the disarmament of the I.R.A.
I'd see where they were, what they hunted, how often they hunted.
The 61-year-old Regan had a 71-73 record as manager of the Baltimore Orioles in 1995, managed Class AAA Albuquerque in 1996 and was pitching coach for the Chicago Cubs for the past two seasons.
And while the turnpike collected $350 million in toll revenues last year, the Garden State Parkway collected only $178.9 million.
In a perfect world there would be no interruption.
If Mr. Hussein's Government and his grip on power have been ''shaken'' by these air strikes, as senior American officials privately hoped, there was no immediate indication that he is about to fall, and the diplomatic consensus on Iraq in the United Nations Security Council has again been shattered.
CATHOLIC CHARITIES OF THE ARCHDIOCESE OF NEW YORK 1011 First Avenue, New York, N.Y. 10022.
Sundays at 7 P.M.; Mondays, Tuesdays and Thursdays at 8 P.M.; Wednesdays at 3:30 and 8 P.M.; Fridays and Saturdays at 9 P.M. Tickets: $15.
When the bank appraised it for less, our customer just borrowed more money to buy it.''
SHE was long and lanky that spring, just beginning the slow shift away from childhood, adrift in those years that lie between 10 and 20.
Unfortunately, condensation is not always as obvious as foggy or frosted windows.
Dan Carlson and Roberto Hernandez completed the six-hitter.
Both fighters initially balked at coming to Atlantic City for the fight until a British court agreed to a plan on Friday to allow CEDRIC KUSHNER, a New York-based promoter, to promote the fight.
Colonel Estermann, in an interview last month, said he hoped to be appointed commander, but was not certain he would be selected.
Now he faces the same task with his Jets, who take a 12-4 record into their playoff game on Jan. 10, their first with Parcells as the coach.
Now, they have an appropriately lavish restaurant.
That would be the Society for the Preservation and Encouragement of Barbershop Quartet Singing in America (S.P.E.B.S.Q.S.A.
Senator Kyl's gambling bill was the only one of the Internet bills debated on the floor.
How have they gone for you?
At such a price, ''if it's a value to the people who run these companies, then there's value for shareholders,'' said Steven Goldman, chief market strategist at Weeden & Company, in Greenwich, Conn., explaining why investors pushed up the stock 13 9/16 points.
During the chaotic week before an 18-foot-long truck arrived to take away 20 huge crates for overseas shipping, Mr. Hisanori was in New Mexico for the final push, preparing the text in Japanese to accompany the exhibition.
And some Federal lawmakers contend that someone other than Mr. Barry would give the city new advantages with Congress, including a long honeymoon.
By the way, it is easy to make your own superfine sugar.
A review by Caryn James, page B1.
Maybe they said things to me, too, but you didn't hear me moaning about things they said.
His critics countered that a voucher system would skim off the brightest students, promote white flight and leave inner-city schools black, poor and bereft of a viable tax base.
''He talked about loyalty, about treating people with dignity and respect,'' she said today.
Six years later, Mr. Leir agreed to sell Continental Ore to the International Minerals and Chemical Corporation for $40 million in stock.
It is hard to imagine that the panel can have hearings without calling the principal witness, Monica S. Lewinsky.
The leaders of several other unions voiced outrage over the admissions of fraud, saying that District Council 37's leaders had betrayed not just their own members but the other 180,000 union members working for the city.
But soon after her banishment, she became entangled in another embarrassing situation for the White House.
(William Beckford's 1786 fantasy ''Vathek'' opens with the Caliph building five palaces ''destined for the particular gratification of each of his senses.'')
''This list does not agree with the information that exists in our databases,'' the fund said in a statement.
Box 13, Seat 1 and a piece of our hearts will always be hers.
Each time the bridge advisory panel meets to consider a new architectural plan, it is greeted by standing-room-only crowds.
First Reformed Church, Neilson and Bayard Streets, New Brunswick.
With all the luscious reds on the counter, now is the time to try it.
In his last start before his May 1996 surgery, Cone's hands and fingers had a bluish hue and he said he had no feeling in his fingertips and could not grip the ball.
But hogs raised in enormous confinement systems no longer belong to the biological cycle.
The method for sequencing, or determining the order of the chemical units in DNA, was devised by another Cambridge scientist, Dr. Fred Sanger, after whom the Sanger Centre is named.
None, perhaps, was more dedicated to the game of golf than a New Haven lawyer named F.L.
In percent Sources: Salomon Smith Barney; Dow JonesMarkets; The Bond Buyer
If it were, we'd all be out running laps.''
Mr. Saft said he did not believe that DeMatteis had the right under existing agreements with the city to buy out of the program at the present time.
''There's nothing in the rules that requires every piece of testimony to be taken in open session,'' Mr. McConnell said in an interview today.
His Senate counterpart, Alfonse D'Amato of New York, is one of the biggest fund-raisers in Washington from companies his committee oversees.
Iraq's Foreign Minister, Mohammed Said al-Sahaf, said last week, ''Each site is made up of tens of homes and palaces, so when we say eight palaces, we mean all the sites in Iraq.''
And he was sharp in the end in beating the Jets last Sunday.
It has been especially successful in Chicago, a United hub, and Atlanta, Delta's home.
Since she was an animal lover, contributions to the memory of Rowenna L. White may be made to the ASPA, 424 E. 92 Street, N.Y. 10128.
And the sperm could only be used to conceive a child by a wife or a ''partner.''
At the request of the American Embassy in Pretoria.
Hampton leaves the Giants with a host of team records, including most rushing yards (6,897), most rushing attempts (1,824), most 1,000-yard rushing seasons (5) and most rushing touchdowns (49).
Details in Killings by Officer The wife of a police officer who killed his family and himself had called his precinct to complain that he was abusive, her sister said.
That theory has been thrown out the window night after night.''
INDEED, the 20th century has not been kind to the area.
Everyone else will still be able to enjoy the view from the top of the statue's pedestal -- and will have more time to do so.
Odd Hassel of the University of Oslo.
Beginning in earnest next weekend, America will once more become a virtual barroom where this cacophony of voices will spend the autumn arguing over who deserves to be No.
The new proposals, which will be voted on by the F.C.C.
When the Yankees asked about Johnson during the off season, the Mariners requested Pettitte and the closer Mariano Rivera in return.
''Equipment propels gastronomy, you could say.''
It's like breaking through the fourth wall of the theater.''
True democracy in Mexico seems eternally just around the corner.
While vowing to move ahead with economic reforms, Mr. Jiang's speech was more conservative politically than others he has made this year.
DONALD WYNER Cambridge, Mass., Oct. 6, 1998
In one promotion intended to give users an incentive to pay more attention to their toothbrushes, Gillette says it will turn one lucky Oral B user into a millionaire.
''He loves to tell stories, to have long discourses.
But unlike the prosecutors in the investigations involving Presidents Reagan and Carter, we have been forced to go to court time and again to seek information from the executive branch and to fight a multitude of privilege claims asserted by the Administration, every single one of which we have won.
Fertilizer applied now would only stimulate growth that might would be too soft to winter safely.
METS Rape Convictions For Three Prospects Three minor league players for the Mets were convicted yesterday on charges they gang-raped a 17-year-old girl who was on vacation in Florida.
However, the team stumbled to a 54-108 record this season as the roster was decimated by moves aimed at keeping the payroll low.
The Democrats were never able to answer successfully the Republicans' argument, true or not, that under the Clinton health plan, bureaucrats would have the power to decide which doctors people went to and what kind of treatment they received.
Train departs at 9:30 A.M. and returns at 6:14 P.M. with a stop in Ridgewood.
The wedge-shaped foyer, in turn, will connect the main building to Mr. Moneo's planned Prado addition on the street behind, up a gentle slope.
The ultimate target of the American missiles had a ready reply: the real battle has not begun, Mr. bin Laden's spokesman told Al-Quds al-Arabi, a London newspaper, on Friday.
Two police cars raced down the road outside my house and one crashed into a barrier, they were in such a hurry.''
It may instead be the result of inadequately treated physical pain, depression, hopelessness, fear or a way for the patient to assess whether his family wants him to live.
The thrill is getting here.'
In a story that proves uncharacteristically touchy-feely for Mr. Crichton (and not just because things with tentacles mean so much to its plot), the film begins in crisp neo-''Aliens'' mode, then grows increasingly trippy and vague.
But Ms. Abiola said that her father was the only person who can bring democracy to Nigeria.
In 1969, Dr. Huebner proposed his oncogene hypothesis in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
The reason for the vandalism was unclear yesterday, but it could involve a possible dispute between laborers, officials said.
He used a towel to shield his pants from wet grass.
Even someone initially cool to the look, evocative of George Barris's California custom cars or perhaps a pizza delivery wagon from Toon Town, may find himself admiring it after a few turns at the wheel.
The same people who have criticized the Mets for trading Hundley now would have criticized them then for creating the distraction.
His most likely opponent is Winton Blount 3d, 54, a wealthy Montgomery businessman and party leader who has accused Mr. James of ''playing to the worst instincts'' of this notoriously populist state.
Mr. Chase and his older brother, Bernie, who is in charge of the company's vintage race-car division, became interested several years ago in research to help cure childhood diseases.
Crew called it a ''breakthrough.''
''We played a solid game,'' Brodeur said, spreading the credit around, even though a number of his saves were difficult.
But both agree it is an ongoing problem.
If they break, the new owner of the house tells me, they cannot be replaced.
They did not sing a note, even ''Danny Boy.''
The words first floated into his mind on Christmas Day in 1957, after he answered the phone while at home reading ''Hamlet,'' only to be told that his mother had died.
To conserve leather, the wedgie shoe, which had a major resurgence in the 1970's and another revival a few seasons ago courtesy of Prada, was born.
Even now, an emotional debate rages over how many people actually lost their lives at the hands of the Japanese.
We've got over the hurdle of an Assembly.
While it's hard to imagine a more literally intact, home-schooling-style family than the Nelsons, its psychological fallout was lethal.
But in this new Mac-PC detente, such shenanigans might become as laughable a relic of an emerging computer age as 2400-baud modems.
His first show, at the Betty Parsons Gallery in 1949, sold out.
ASKED whether the zoning plan would allow all 150 of the city's existing sex shops to stay in business, albeit in new locations, Leonard Koerner, the city's chief assistant corporation counsel, responded, ''Absolutely.''
The last comparable step, Dr. Gould recalled, occurred in 1953.
Anais prays that no more bad things will happen to her family.
Cherished grandfather to Alex, Matt, Elizabeth & David.
Those that work best are the ones in which Jefferson himself plays a role, like the history of the tomato (which he helped introduce to America -- or, really, reintroduce, since its roots are Mexican); the development of mail-order seeds (Bernard M'Mahon, father of the seed catalogue, was T.J.'s Burpee) and the fate of the vegetable varieties that Jefferson grew at Monticello, some of which are still grown as heirlooms, while many others -- like the Ravensworth pea he used to rave about -- have been lost forever.
Ms. LeTourneau pleaded guilty to second-degree rape in the case, and received a suspended sentence in January after serving a brief time in jail.
The crucial role that he played in the City Ballet's initial success was recalled in 1988 by Todd Bolender, a former choreographer and principal dancer in the company: ''Jerry was a great incentive for Balanchine, contributing an American dance creativity in his ballets that was of great importance to our early 1950's tours, especially in Europe, where the Robbins ballets had an explosive effect.''
''We expect that many of these establishments will realize that they have to shut down and will do so on their own,'' said Randy M. Mastro, Deputy Mayor for Operations.
'The Magic Is In the Movement' In recent years he surfaced with a new vision, the teaching of Ten segrity, which is described on the Cleargreen Web site as ''the modernized version of some movements called magical passes developed by Indian shamans who lived in Mexico in times prior to the Spanish conquest.''
And that Mr. Bradfield -- I already hate him.''
But just answering questions about perfumes led this user to Gio by Giorgio Armani.
If we don't win this game, it's our fault.
But as of July 1996, no criminal inquiry was under way.
Still, it makes you wonder who some of them might be standing next to in 15 years.
Secretary of State Madeleine K. Albright deserves the appreciation of all those who care deeply about the security of Israel.
''Due to severe contractual penalties which Loral will incur if it cannot begin technical discussions with the Chinese by next week, we recommend that you take action on this issue by January 20,'' read the first draft of the Presidential memorandum, dated Jan. 13.
Mr. Clinton also plans to announce two steps the Administration can take without Congressional authority to protect food safety, Administration officials said.
He retired from his official positions last fall at the time of the Party's 15th Congress.
Randy Vines, 40, a conveyor belt technician, and Alice Vines, 37, who has made a career of raising their three children, have been married for 21 years.
Dow Corning, a leading custom compounder of silicone rubber, is a joint venture of the Dow Chemical Company and Corning Inc.
It was finished in 1938 and 55 surrounding acres were landscaped.
''I felt a little humiliated.
As Mr. Clinton said, ''winds of change and good fortune'' are blowing here, 38 years after the British Prime Minister, Harold Macmillan, told an all-white Government, to no avail, that it must heed the ''wind of change'' blowing in Africa.
Her father is the president of the LDP Consulting Group, an employee benefits consultancy in Lambertville, N.J.
Rose Hill offers the luxury of space, and the restaurant sprawls amiably; the ceilings are high, and there is distance between the tables.
''If you see it on a friend's coffee table you might think, 'Gosh, were my S.A.T.
In when-issued trading, the 30-year bond was being offered at a price to yield 5.55 percent.
It is hard to say who is held in the lowest esteem by the average Janes and Joes who live outside Interstate 495, as the Beltway is formally known: politicians, journalists who write and talk about them, or lawyers and lobbyists who seek to influence them.
For tickets, call 428-4183 or 684-2576.
Loving mother of Charles, Jane (Addis) and Paul.
''The factory was set free to export,'' said a former deputy director who left in 1993, ''and everyone in management understood that in their own way.''
Mr. Jiang ''possesses a wide knowledge of things ancient and modern, speaks fluent English, plays the guitar, sings Beijing opera and is good at swimming and dancing,'' the China Youth Daily said.
As for recent zigs and zags in the financial markets, said Clark Halstead, founder of the brokerage that bears his name, co-op boards at the high end ''are case-hardened against knee-jerk reactions.''
Add 4 tablespoons of the remoulade and toss to coat.
Without Government help, people have been surviving on wild muskrats and cactus, and some have taken to looting Government food stocks and supermarkets.
Ever since, a main SETI strategy has been to wield increasingly big radiotelescopes, their size allowing them to gather increasingly faint signals.
But the official said that Mr. Souder might still vote against impeachment since the document was not part of the impeachment record.
The decision upsets ''the careful sequence Congress kept in place because it would apparently permit SBC Communications Inc. to provide long-distance service while its local monopoly is still intact,'' AT&T said.
And I remember thinking: ''Don't these people have any manners?
''Steam,'' which opened in New York on Nov. 25, set attendance records in Turkey (fueled by controversy over its gay theme) and was a surprising success at the box office in Italy.
Joklik said earlier this week that the fund was established to help offer educational and athletic training opportunities to those from poorer countries.
The point is they wouldn't.
Formed by ice and shaped by wind, rain and fire, grassy sand plain moors are home to dozens of rare plants and animals.
Those experiences made her vulnerable to manipulation by Mr. Capano, prosecutors said.
He also argued that, since he had not experienced pain in his neck or back before he fell in 1989, whatever it was that ailed him resulted from his accident at the fire.
A: So, I believe when I was answering this question, at least I thought I was answering when I found out -- yes.
6 Kentucky improved to 22-0 against Vanderbilt in Rupp Arena, beating the Commodores in the Southeastern Conference opener for both teams.
Middlecoff would have appreciated that assessment because, he once proclaimed, ''If you don't drive straight, you can't do anything.''
He is a hard puncher, which his 24 knockouts show.''
BBDO had been wooing Dell for some time, Advertising Age reported last week; Scott Helbing, vice president for corporate branding at Dell in Round Rock, Tex., had worked with BBDO when he was an executive at Tricon Global Restaurants and its Pizza Hut chain.
About eight years later, while a marketing and sales executive at Emery Worldwide in Wilton, Mr. Benson started another Rotisserie league.
''You can sense it and feel it.
It included all but one of the Democrats seeking to challenge Mr. Pataki: Peter F. Vallone, the Speaker of the New York City Council.
Mr. Pagones, he said, ''wants to get away with murder and be rewarded,'' with a defamation verdict.
NBC does clearly seem the most willing to take the fight with Nielsen to an active stage.
THE SETTING: Club Casanova, a variety show performed by an ensemble of drag kings (think drag queens: same idea, different sex) at Velvet, a lounge on Avenue A. Thursday night's event was a fund-raiser for the Casanova boys, who will pile into a Ford van this week for a 16-city tour.
She won a scholarship to the writing program at the University of New Hampshire and came under the influence of another mentor, Mark Smith, who told her, she said: ''I'm taking you seriously.
His St. Sebastian, ivory-skinned, buckling under the force of the arrows that pierce him, looks like a great trussed bird; his ''Denial of St. Peter,'' illuminated by candlelight, has the gestural eloquence of chamber music.
Each of us, she adds, ''got our heart buried in six feet of African dirt; we are all co-conspirators here.''
But the 49ers are reeling.
Champagne and caviar help, of course.
Governor Hunt and his top transportation appointees have figured in months of punishing news accounts about the department's penchant for building roads and bridges that benefit political insiders, often by overriding the recommendations of state highway engineers.
Remove pan from oven, skim fat, and turn ribs meat side up.
Brother of Anthony Sirignano, Lillian S. Petrillo, George A. Sirignano, M.D., and Dorothy S. Spolzino.
The success of ''MDTV'' proves that you do not need stars, special effects or trained cinematographers to produce striking film; the footage compels precisely because it lacks those things.
Soon there would be an ''upscale tanning salon.''
Bolton's New York women have the intellectual resources to ask the same question more subtly; it's the emotional resources needed to live differently that they suspect are lacking.
-- the survey's least-expensive account -- would earn $30.75 a year in interest.
Dear sister of Estelle Kessler.
The managed care industry has given more than $1.5 million to Federal candidates and parties this election season, paying particular attention to Republican leaders, according to the nonpartisan Center for Responsive Politics.
New Guinea Resources Trans Niugini Tours, with headquarters in Mount Hagen, Papua New Guinea, owns and operates the Ambua Lodge, the Karawari Lodge, the Malolos Plantation Resort, near Madang, and the cruise ship Sepik Spirit, which travels up and down the Sepik River.
But overall, the trip has been carefully scripted to cast light on China's growing diversity and progress, in keeping with the desire of both Governments to cement smoother ties.
This month, it won a preliminary injunction silencing the executives.
This year's fall event will take place Oct. 9 to 18.
Sales of air-conditioners were brisk, too.
To reheat, place in the hot-water bath, cover with foil, and place in a preheated oven at 400 degrees for 10 minutes.
And in Game 1 they battled the two-time champions to a 5-5 tie deep into the second period of sudden-death overtime.
And the ones that are aware of it, they're more than likely against it.
It's a diary kept by his father when he was lost in Tibet in the 1950's -- and ground zero for all the magical stories that later captivated his son.
He is the lonely, inhibited young man, briefly bewitched by Evelyn Nesbit, who finds his place in the world manufacturing the bombs with which Coalhouse terrorizes first New Rochelle, then New York.
Headlong, hurtling, even wild would be the relevant adjectives.
Theodore E. McCarrick, Roman Catholic Archbishop of Newark; and Rabbi Arthur Schneier of Park East Synagogue and president of the Appeal of Conscience Foundation -- said they went to China at President Clinton's behest.
Mr. Goryeb has been playing pool for 53 years.
New York-listed shares of the Royal Dutch Petroleum Company, which owns 60 percent of the Royal Dutch/Shell Group, fell $1.75, to $46.5625.
Ms. Wessler also said she worried that Medicaid patients would have fewer choices if the private insurers pull out of the market, and she and others blamed the state for lowering Medicaid rates last year.
''This is more rigorous than anything I am aware of in the world,'' said Dr. Allen Mitchell, director of the Slone Epidemiology Unit at the Boston University School of Public Health, which will run the thalidomide monitoring system.
Another big success, ''A Kid for Two Farthings'' (1953), which told the story of a poor East End boy and a magical one-horned goat, was translated into a number of foreign languages and in 1955 was made into a film directed by Carol Reed.
Montgomerie, who had a 20-foot birdie putt on the 18th and an eagle on the 12th, leads the European list at $1,276,929.
''When a reunion between the living and the dead takes place,'' he writes, ''it may be the first time the living understand that death has not robbed them of the love they once experienced with family and friends on the earth plane.''
Mr. Russo, 23, died in the crossfire of a gunfight that erupted between two robbers and the store's owner, John Bodnar, the statement said.
''It's behind me,'' he said.
But with the economy in a state of near collapse, Western intervention in the Balkans appeared to be primarily an obsession of the political establishment.
''She was counting on it,'' Mr. Angell said.
After a bye week, the Packers weren't the sharpest knife in the drawer.
But Reed (11-6) gave the Mets momentum as they hit the road for seven games in five days.
The dough can be patted out and cut ahead of time, then refrigerated until just before baking.
The Baltimore Symphony Orchestra was brought to international prominence by its music director, David Zinman, who is now in his final season.
By being so self-sufficient, the Hotelito offers a minimalist antidote to the more-is-better, hair-dryers-in-every-room attitude toward luxury perfected at finer hotel chains.
With its thought herded and sweeping in zigzag strokes, the performance was as far as possible from the traditional long-lined approach, and the Ninth Symphony became vigorous, rough and young again, its features fresh, right from the lovely, almost vibrato-free cello pedal revealed near the start of the first movement to the skyrocket of tone immediately before Willard White dramatically enacted the bass's intervention in the finale.
His relations with Mr. Clinton have ranged from furious to occasional moments of alliance, while his relations with House Democrats have ranged from poor to awful.
Mr. Flynn also said he did not remember what was on his office resume.
''We have to be careful because there have been so many false accusations against teachers.''
Shannon Faulkner, the first woman admitted, dropped out.
As the legal wall separating traditional commercial banking from investment banking has eroded in recent years, America's big banks are staking claims in the real meat of modern financial services -- selling stocks and bonds, providing advice on mergers and acquisitions, concocting newfangled financial products and trading.
The 28 awarded to L'Antibes in Columbus, Ohio, for example, is obviously not equal to the 28 garnered by the French Laundry in the Napa Valley, which critics have called the nation's best restaurant.
''Henri Matisse: Florilege des Amours de Ronsard.''
To Mr. Finkel's list of places let us add the Jordanian-Syrian border.
Network Associates executives said that in developing the international version of P.G.P.
It was a minor highlight for the feeble Giants running attack; Way, Tiki Barber and Gary Brown combined to rush for just 82 yards on 30 attempts.
These days, pug items attract numerous doting, if less high-born, collectors.
Historians often focus on leadership struggles in Beijing to explain such momentous shifts in policy.
Mr. Bell said that he worked on the project for a month and a half, hastening to add that he did not neglect his crime-fighting chores.
''A'' becomes ''D,'' ''B'' becomes ''E'' and so on.
''This is so obviously the right thing to do.''
Funeral service Sunday, 2 PM, at Grace Episcopal Church, White Plains, New York.
Scientists have estimated that Dr. Hitchings' work, including the development of drugs like Imuran -- which blocks the immune response that triggers rejection of foreign tissues, making organ transplants possible -- has saved more than a million lives.
What is the boat's mission?
They also acknowledged that a Russian-speaking agent told Mr. Kurchak that he must schedule a later appointment to discuss deportation.
I'd like to win another World Series or two so I don't have to answer this question.''
Defense Secretary William S. Cohen, who appeared at the Pentagon with Gen. Henry H. Shelton, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, said the United States did not intend to destroy suspected weapons plants that could also make benign commercial products, even though those plants are essential to develop covert chemical or biological weapons.
In 1984, Mr. Wylie, a Methodist, opposed giving Federal money to the Library of Congress so it could produce a Braille edition of Playboy magazine.
Free guided tours are offered at 1 P.M. on weekends.
The Journal News had arrived.
I flipped back to Newt.
And that's what's getting me through today.''
Residents here said many students are familiar with guns, because they hunt.
The Colonial manor house has 10 guest rooms, some furnished with brass bedsteads and vintage quilts; all have cable TV.
But The Journal-Constitution responded by starting a special Gwinnett County edition, cutting its cover price and offering deep advertising discounts.
Expects to open in September with 100 sixth graders; projects 300 students, grades 6 to 8, in four years.
Mr. Gilman said his interest in stereotypes grew out of his childhood in New Orleans.
Several analysts, though, said that the market had not fallen as much as they expected.
Nevertheless, audiences accustomed to ''Cav'' and ''Pag'' are in for something different when Gustav Holst's ''Savitri'' is paired with Leonard Bernstein's ''Trouble in Tahiti'' for three performances, tomorrow, Friday and Sunday by the Manhattan School of Music Opera Theater.
2), Mr. Arias-Flores smiled nearly continuously, as if he could still not get over how inventive the wonderful cello part was.
(Of course, Bush pere was so against introspection that he considered even a discussion of books and movies suspiciously ''psychoanalytic.'')
In Denver, Welton's third goal of the season, in the 28th minute, was all the Los Angeles Galaxy needed for a 1-0 victory that spoiled the home opener for the Colorado Rapids, the runner-up to D.C. United last season.
''We expect the market for this fuel to be growing in California,'' a Tosco statement said.
Looking for a theory to explain a self-stained and humiliated President's illogical hammerlock on his office, the Clinton lynch mob, talking heads and politicians alike, blames the public.
His biggest hit came in Wednesday's second game, with the Yankees suffering through a four-game losing streak, and Knee-Jerk City going into its normal panic.
Norton was eventually bought by the French Compagnie de Saint-Gobain, which, contrary to expectations, increased its job training and philanthropic gifts in the town.
Other official comment also reflected broad approval from the authorities, before Ms. Ma stepped in.
A spokesman for the U.S. Embassy said that Guatemalan authorities had two people in custody.
Ms. Albright said Washington believes that ''it is important that there be a peaceful pursuit of the legitimate political rights of the people of Kosovo.''
Vladimir Guerrero went 2 for 4 with a double, as did Atlanta's Chipper Jones.
Also appearing will be the comedian Des Keogh and Geraldine O'Grady's daughter, the violinist Oonagh Keogh.
Even the ''Meditation'' from Massenet's ''Thais,'' an encore chestnut, sounded melodically inventive because of the clear shape and clean sound Ms. Mitchell brought to it.
Last summer Mr. Clinton summoned Mr. Begala back, with the task of infusing energy into a White House showing signs of second-term drift.
Backed by the bassist Christian McBride and the drummer Lewis Nash, Mr. Flanagan and Ms. McPartland quietly worked through ''Jeepers Creepers,'' swapping the melody and trading four-bar improvisations.
''I'm pretty sure they were chop-blocking,'' he said, ''so I wasn't as high as everybody thought I was.''
Today, nearly every action film released by Hollywood is influenced by Hong Kong.
Barbara Crossette (NYT) CHILE: LEADER BEGINS PRETORIA TRIP -- President Eduardo Frei flew to South Africa to begin a nine-day international trade mission, putting aside concerns that domestic political dissent could escalate if a panel of the British House of Lords rules that Gen. Augusto Pinochet can be extradited to Spain to stand trial.
Today's Washington Post article was written by Howard Kurtz, the newspaper's news media critic, and is based on his upcoming book.
''If governments do not want to work with the U.N. and the international organizations, there is a limit as to what you can do, and there is also a limit to patience,'' he said in Uganda.
Mr. Khatami's Government and its supporters have condemned the Mayor's detention as groundless and politically motivated.
The building remained a warehouse until early 1996, when it was bought for $6 million by two principals of Moishe's Mini-Storage, Moishe Mana and Erez Schternlicht, who operate about 1.5 million square feet of storage space in the New York metropolitan region and planned to use the building for document and mini-storage.
Thermo Bionalysis Corp., Santa Fe, N.M., 4.5 million shares.
Tickets: $25 and $28 (462-0964).
The meek yuppie lawyer, jailed for vehicular manslaughter, was almost normal.
A few years ago you were very critical of people you called ''liberales.''
Mr. Zaks, a four-time Tony winner (for ''House of Blue Leaves'' in 1986, ''Lend Me a Tenor'' in 1989, ''Six Degrees of Separation'' in 1991 and ''Guys and Dolls'' in 1992), is also set to direct the American premiere of ''The Cripple of Inishmaan,'' by the British playwright Martin McDonagh, at the Joseph Papp Public Theater in March.
The timetable was announced today by House Speaker Harmoko after a meeting with President B. J. Habibie at which he said they agreed that an electoral assembly would be convened late this year or early next year, followed by an election some time in 1999.
Expecting the searing culinary heat of India's south, we found the seasoning generally tolerable and pleasant, the flavors of herbs, sweet spices and the food itself always detectable.
Critics of attachment theory, including Dr. Lewis, say that most researchers place far too much importance on what happens in the first year or two of life.
He may get the odd solo now and then, but that's the man's job, basically.
''They need more capital to grow more quickly,'' said Jesus Garcia de Ponga, head of Argentaria's principal real estate division.
''All the prophets prophesied that the people will return to the land of Israel, that the wolf shall dwell with the lamb,'' he declared in the exalted and confident tone of the true believer.
''Out on the East End they have suddenly discovered all the farmland is going, so they are probably alarmed and that would account for that vote,'' Ms. Newburger said.
When I found what it was I wanted to do, the way to say it evolved.
President Clinton tonight called on Iraq to comply immediately with United Nations demands, saying its refusal was unacceptable.
The construction contract and a $105 million, five-year contract to run and maintain the line was awarded to a team of companies: Skanska USA, the American division of a Swedish heavy construction company; the Bombardier Transit Corporation, a Quebec train manufacturer, and the Perini Corporation of Framingham, Mass., a construction company.
My second husband, the numbers guy, he was very wealthy.
She has a naive quality that was endearing and made me want to shelter her.''
Davis an 83-77 victory over Kentucky Wesleyan and the N.C.A.A.
The short program counted for one-third of the scoring.
In choosing Montreal's Insectarium, North America's only freestanding museum solely devoted to bugs, as a setting for his gastronomic experiments, Themis has insured that he'll attract only the most adventurous clientele.
J-Com specializes in marketing digital wireless service for companies that must communicate frequently with employees outside the office.
He knows what he wants to do.
The nearly fatal attack occurred during an early morning brawl in a dimly lighted parking lot outside the Marakesh nightclub in Westhampton Beach on May 26, 1996.
NYC Green, a consortium of nine private gardening groups, botanical gardens and city agencies, is sponsoring an open house on Saturday, from 11 A.M. to 4 P.M., in more than 500 community gardens throughout the five boroughs.
The architect of the shingle-style cottages and apartment residences in Southold is S. Mark Hebden, a partner of Ewing Cole Cherry Brott, architects, engineers and planners in Philadelphia.
The Virginia book is not on the Web, but at the Virginia site, www.
Mr. Levin said that for him to order an across-the-board reduction of 10 percent, as Mr. Hunter urges, would probably be irresponsible ''because every company has a different risk profile.''
And a few dismissed McGwire's accomplishments as somehow tainted because he uses androstenedione, a muscle-building dietary supplement.
The song and dance that followed, abstracted from the Amis tribe's celebration of New Year as practiced over several days by Kiwit villagers, was comparatively, and enjoyably, raucous.
So far, there has been too much focus on X's and O's in this job search.
Several weeks ago, the Governor issued a new model plan on which counties can base their efforts to combat domestic violence.
The bond's yield, which moves in the opposite direction from the price, fell to 5.09 percent, from 5.12 percent on Friday.
But the proposal, however modest, has one alluring attribute.
''She reads well; she writes very legibly.
''I stand here not only as a successful student,'' she said, ''but as one who could not have come as far as I did without remedial classes.''
''It is interesting to me that most of the attacks are from North America.
''It will tell me stuff.
City Celebration MONDAY -- The Museum of the City of New York, 1220 Fifth Avenue (103d Street), will hold its annual holiday party for children and adults.
And here I think Europe may be in the vanguard of a very profound trend.
Mr. Lungren had 1,830,591 votes, or 34 percent, with Mr. Checchi trailing with 682,012, or 13 percent, just ahead of another self-financed millionaire, Ms. Harman of suburban Los Angeles, who drew 663,151 votes, or 12 percent.
He told delegates in the painted gilt Winter Gardens ballroom that what he called ''modernizing'' moves would provoke dissidence, and he appealed for support.
Hundreds of Times restaurant reviews are available from The New York Times on America Online.
A little note home to a parent once in awhile can be so helpful.
The Geobook cannot do that.
For openers, there are the delicious fried artichokes under a sheets of Parmesan shavings and served with mixed greens; wild mushroom ravioli in mushroom broth enriched by bits of Smithfield ham and roasted tomatoes; and roast quail matched with corn fritters, mushroom hash and red onion marmalade.
She heard herself mutter, ''Thank God.''
Behind it was a small vegetable garden.
Even if some schools adopted a year-round calendar, officials estimate that they would have to spend at least $2 billion to build a few dozen new schools to compensate for buildings that are either too old to be outfitted with air-conditioning or so crowded that an extended year would make little difference.
CFM Technologies Inc., which makes equipment used in semiconductor production, has held informal talks with the industry leaders, Applied Materials Inc. and the Lam Research Corporation, about a possible sale, CFM's chairman disclosed.
The cost is $950 for 7 days and $1,395 for 10 days, including first and last day hotel rooms.
Representatives of the players and owners hope to work out those problems by the 2000 season.
Most of the civilians in rebel-controlled areas seem to support the Kosovo Liberation Army, or at least its goal of establishing an independent country.
Place all dressing ingredients, except the Italian parsley, in a blender and emulsify, about 30 seconds.
Netscape did its share of complaining against Microsoft and hired its share of high-powered lobbyists and lawyers.
I didn't even know we had any.
''Most particularly the organ, which is played several times a year.''
Her presence dominates the room.
Jones took advantage, lofting a wedge to 18 feet and making the birdie putt.
This was not the Big One -- the much-dreaded coastal storm that will someday hit a New Jersey coast that has been covered with new construction, with sleepy summer-resort towns evolving into year-round communities, since the last Big One in 1962.
Tim, at Ocean Beach in Fire Island, a classic Slow B, was struggling with ''Angela's Ashes'' but was leaps ahead of his friend Larry, who admitted, as a gull crowed overhead, that he had ''wanted to bring the TV out.''
Then there are decisions about highways.
There are sections covering beans, mushrooms, moles, sweets and, finally, chilies, which are described in excellent detail.
So I called Se Ri in front of the trophy and handed it to her, saying, 'This is yours.'
The form was sent to candidates by the National Abortion and Reproductive Rights Action League, or Naral.
They carved shotguns, telephones and refrigerators from wood, then pretended to use them in elaborate ceremonies.
In Illinois, where legislators are paid $45,000, plus as much as $10,000 for leadership work, about half are full-time politicians.
Won't that cramp your style as Mayor?
And if you happen to be one of those people, it's self-deprecating charm because you can afford to take a shot at yourself.
''I think what I was proving was that only fools answer hypothetical questions,'' Mr. McCurry said at an afternoon briefing.
''We have plenty of time -- 30 years, in fact -- to improve our knowledge of this thing and take steps, if necessary.''
Jane Street Theater, at the Hotel Riverview Ballroom, 113 Jane St. (239-6200) ''THE MISUNDERSTANDING'' Myriam Cyr, who was Princess Barbarina in Julie Taymor's ''Green Bird,'' will star in the return engagement of this Albert Camus drama (''Le Malentendu'') about a young man who returns after many years to the small inn where his mother and sister live.
Then the situation with Iraq happened and all the planes were put on hold.
Other times, Dr. Seligman participates in their education in a more structured way, teaching the couple's oldest, Lara, who is 8, about the Presidents of the United States.
Among the film's sometimes amusing flourishes are the titles that give each man's I.Q.
Toy manufacturers like Dean Helfer, president of Channel Craft and Distribution, which makes jacks, pick-up-sticks and wooden toys, are aiming their business at men.
''Cabala planted the seeds that made it possible for me to change and have the composure to have a baby,'' she said.
Obviously, women should not be blamed for premenstrual mood swings that are the result of involuntary biochemical changes.
''I knew I would go into it when I was 3,'' she says.
We mourn Rabbi Moshe Sherer, a veritable institution and role model of a consummate Manhig B'Yisrael.
''In that sense, she has probably actually shored up some of the support for Jack Metcalf.''
Each course will be accompanied by a wine partner from Maison Bouchard Pere et Fils or Veuve Clicquot.
Given the current fascination with dinosaurs, there seemed to be an ironic element to the exhibit of this painstaking and fastidious task.
Formerly of Brooklyn, Miss Bunce was a long time resident of Peter Cooper Village.
The wine consists of 45 percent cabernet franc, 20 percent pinot noir and 35 percent chardonnay grapes.
They laughed and won their third straight title.
After she pulled out of the Asian Games in Bangkok, Thailand, this month, she said she that she was being harassed by local sports officials and could not concentrate on her training.
In a statement, the President said, ''This action provides still further momentum to our effort to pass bipartisan, comprehensive tobacco legislation this year.''
The call was transcribed by The Associated Press.
SABRES 3, CANADIENS 2 Geoff Sanderson scored off a rebound 2:37 into overtime to lift host Buffalo over Montreal in the opener of their Eastern Conference semifinal series.
The Panthers' Capers was coach of the year in 1996, when he led Carolina to a 13-5 record and the National Football Conference West title.
His address will be followed by a discussion with members of the Purchase faculty titled ''Real Black/ Real White?''
President Jacques Chirac of France met with the Iraqi Foreign Minister, Mohammed Said al-Sahaf, in Paris today and according to a statement issued later ''emphasized the extremely serious risks which would result from an Iraqi refusal to accept inspection of the Presidential sites'' and called upon Iraq to make ''further moves'' to permit a diplomatic solution.
He tees it up to win.''
A millionaire who has staked his business reputation on a successful South Florida real estate development firm that he joined in 1980, Mr. Bush has accused Mr. MacKay of ''gross distortions.''
''But it woke up the enemy before it was entrenched.''
Now, going from euphoria to depression is de rigueur.
People turn inside themselves, into the pain.
Some retail analysts questioned Prada's latest strategy.
He spoke to reporters in a Baghdad hospital that he said was damaged by nearby explosions.
A cartoon in The Green Bay Press in Wisconsin showed him pointing to ''the SIXTH Great Lake'' and labeled Mr. Leahy ''the FOURTH Stooge.''
Minka's husband, Muhamed Cehajic, was Prijedor's Mayor until the Crisis Staff's coup.
The illegal contributions were part of a scheme to circumvent the $1,000 limit on individual contributions to a campaign.
At each Sunday morning service at the Episcopal church, Mr. Trafka, who also is responsible for the festival's programming, will perform each piece in its original context.
Her master's thesis became her first book, the short story collection ''Self-Help.''
''We had the whole discussion with my bio teacher about this,'' said Michelle Gort, 15, and a Starbucks habitue, ''and she was like, no, it doesn't do anything.''
''For now, there has been no trouble.''
The performances at the New Amsterdam are often unspontaneous, as if they were audio-animatronic carbons of the animated movie's prototypes.
The differences have been many.
The basket, which brought the house down in the sold-out arena, came near the end of an 11-0 run and gave the Nets the lead for good at 81-79.
''So I finally decided to do it and called the Paper Mill and said maybe they should get somebody else for 'Salesman.'
''Oh, it's not rudeness, you think,'' he said triumphantly.
As to the $45 fee, Penar Palti at the Consulate said it was adopted in February, a rise from $20, after the United States raised to $45 from $20 the fee for applying for a United States visa.
''When someone can live anywhere they want, and they choose to live in Lower Downtown, it's a statement about how the city is changing,'' said Jim Olson, the Seattle architect for Mr. Mayer's town house.
The major voices from ''The Lion King'' are the same, and early on there is a visual echo as Simba (Matthew Broderick) and Nala (Moira Kelly) stand on top of Pride Rock and raise their cub to the sky while Mufasa's image beams down.
A. D. Sherman of the American Whale Ship Harrison Who departed this life Jan. 5, 1850 Aged 24 Years.''
The last rate increase, to 32 cents from 29, took place on Jan. 1, 1995.
When the time was up, however, they could not help themselves.
''We had no transactions at risk with any of the marketers who have gone broke or not performed on their contracts,'' he added.
5 Mead Street, South Orange.
Citizenship Award in 1996 for his work with young diabetics.
As I -- you know, the United States -- I think I should point this out.
For Adrian Tirona, another junior, exploring Southampton with a camera was perhaps even more revealing than it was for his classmates.
If Baghdad again attempts to restrict inspections, Washington, with support from Britain and other allies, need not wait for weeks or even days to respond.
The states were hoping to convert the ships into naval museums like the Intrepid Sea-Air-Space Museum in Manhattan, one of nine such big ship museums in the nation.
Under the terms of the deal, he said, Antinori in effect obtained a loan of $8.3 million from Mediobanca at 2 percent interest.
But a Federal magistrate in Eugene last November issued a preliminary injunction ordering the Tour to provide a cart for Martin in the final qualifying rounds for the Nike or PGA Tour.
Long a community of distinct and often introverted parts, Muslims have begun a process familiar to many immigrant and ethnic groups.
Thoroughly Americanized, Charles flourishes academically and prepares to leave home; only then must his parents confront what they have lost: ''Nothing remained of the stories and meals and people they'd known, nothing but what they remembered.
Gideon Patt, President and CEO Burton P. Resnick, Chairman of the Board Irwin Hochberg, National Campaign Chairman Howard Hirsch, Campaign Chairman, Greater New York SYMS MERNS-Stephen.
''Nothing too large because of the proportions of New York City apartments.''
He asks how Bill Clinton, ''someone with so much promise,'' could ''self-annihilate.''
The three defendants who appeared in court yesterday were Mohammed Saddiq Odeh and Mohamed Rashed Daoud al-'Owhali, who have each been charged with separate counts of murder in the deaths of more than 200 people in the attacks on the United States Embassies in Kenya and Tanzania on Aug. 7, and Wadih el Hage, who is charged in a conspiracy to kill United States citizens abroad.
The game has a 5 P.M. start on WPIX.
According to the Wyndham Report, just published and said to be the first study of the scale of the theater industry, the total impact of West End productions in 1997 amounted to about $1.76 billion.
Many of his books were best sellers.
Under new rules passed by the Board of Regents last year, all students will have to pass at least five Regents exams, in English, math, American history, global studies and science.
''It's like Nazi Germany,'' he said, according to the witness.
As the real events it depicts fade ever more deeply into the past, the fictional story of Kim, a Vietnamese woman who loves and loses a G.I.
In fact, during his tenure as a Red Devil, five football players made all-county in basketball.
Throughout the five-week conference delegations will be forced to debate and seek compromise.
If her colleagues gush like blushing brides, Ms. Horner sounds as if she were taking a veil of another sort.
Many still choose the climate-controlled respectability of Broadway; others who frequent the close, Spartan spaces of Off Off Broadway will have no choice but to fold their programs into fans.
On Saturday, the Pope met with General Abacha, and the Vatican presented Nigeria with a request to release about 60 prisoners, including well-known opponents of the regime.
The other elected leaders who tried to work with Mr. Muhammad must make it clear that they support neither his rhetoric nor his march.
It was a quick-trap-like cutback runner, a quick-hitter up the middle in which Taylor took the ball backside and burst past the overeager Dolphins.
Both American industry and state-owned Chinese companies had been lobbying for years to get the satellites off what is known as the ''munitions list,'' the inventory of America's most sensitive military and intelligence-gathering technology.
Water gushing from the 12-inch main created several sinkholes.
The May decline followed a revised 1.6 percent rise in April, originally reported as a 2.2 percent gain.
Ironically it doesn't take a lot to gum up the works.''
Of course, a good heroine should wear a thong -- but not until much later!
And both groups remain firmly entrenched here, with perhaps 200 people altogether coming each weekend in the summer.
After graduating with honors from a predominantly white vocational high school, Mr. Wilson worked his way through the University of California at Berkeley as an economics major, then spent four years with the Army in Europe in World War II before earning a degree at the Hastings School of Law in San Francisco in 1949.
The king, announcing that the prince is dead, hides him in a tower in the mountains where he is raised by the king's servant.
An Inside Opinion The byline on an op-ed commentary in The Los Angeles Times on Sunday about MARK FUHRMAN, the former detective whose discredited testimony contributed to O. J. SIMPSON's acquittal, was not that of a disinterested observer.
Fortunately, I was able to locate excellent bereavement groups run by the Hospice Care Network, and today my girls are doing well.
This is all part of the suspense to come: the challenge is not whether the Yankees will reach the World Series, or even whether they will keep winning.
GRANDPARENTS DAY -- The Sunday after Labor Day would be officially designated Grandparents Day in New Jersey under a bill that received final approval in the Senate on Monday.
Red Wings Win Opener Detroit, the defending Stanley Cup champions, defeated the Washington Capitals, 2-1, last night in the first game of the N.H.L.
Often daily specials are the best, like shrimp with black pepper sauce, and pea shoots stir-fried and served while they are still hot and bright.
Warner LeRoy, the owner of Tavern on the Green, has withdrawn his lawsuit against the restaurateur David Bouley, and their partnership in Bouley Bakery and several other projects in TriBeCa has been dissolved.
''It's more like a one-industry building, where we've tried to create a supportive environment.
The seasonal ''gathering of the people,'' held each year on the Labor Day weekend, is an ancient harvest festival.
And then, in a last-ditch measure, Mr. Ritchie clambered atop the capsule, perched there and unfastened the fuel containers, which came loose in the nick of time to halt its deadly descent.
On that January afternoon when Geraldine A. Ferraro re-entered politics -- in a crowded and expectant hotel ballroom, with a CNN crew waiting for a live interview and an airplane waiting on the runway -- her victory seemed an almost foregone conclusion.
''Mom, we saw the bus, how it burned.
''We're really for the first time getting a test,'' Mr. Rypkowski, the union president, said.
''We are confident that manager Paul Antico can uncover superior companies and deliver the numbers,'' he said.
During those conversations, both the President and Mrs. Clinton offered an explanation for the President's meetings with Ms. Lewinsky, and President Clinton offered an explanation for Ms. Lewinsky's allegations of a sexual relationship.
''I wrote all these jokes,'' he explains.
In capturing that unruly effervescence, ''Ark Baby'' gives its own twist to the term ''sport of nature.''
''It has more loopholes than answers.''
''But Not for Me,'' ''The Man I Love,'' ''He Loves and She Loves,'' ''Someone to Watch Over Me'' and ''Isn't It a Pity?''
Instead, she said, her husband matched her anti-drug tirades with raised fists, and he became increasingly abusive.
One of them sent him a copy of my column with a note scrawled on it: ''I could use a 10-speed.''
The Radisson SAS Royal Viking, 1 Vasagatan, 10124 Stockholm, is next to the Central Station and T-Centralen, the hub of the subway system.
''We tell them we will help them in any way we can, but make it clear that they can't stay,'' he said.
Stock markets elsewhere in the region were lower.
''We don't know what to expect in April,'' said Peter Warn, a spokesman for Buffalo United for Choice.
The kitchen cooks risotto to order and you can taste it.
As Mr. Castro shook hands with Cabinet members and other local dignitaries, a Grenadian steel band played a calypso version of the Cuban song ''Guantanamera,'' and colorful banners proclaiming that Grenada and Cuba are ''friends forever'' fluttered in the wind.
''We'll do our part, but you have to do yours.''
Armed British soldiers patrol the flood-lit perimeter.
The Iranians: Persia, Islam and the Soul of a Nation By Sandra Mackey.
He then cashed the spade ace and finessed the heart seven.
If the truck had gotten past the gate and into the basement parking lot of the embassy, Mr. Pickering said in an interview, ''the whole building might have come down.''
morgue where a new generation of airliners could be assembled.
Gauging Support This month, Israelis and Palestinians conducted their first-ever joint public-opinion poll.
But I'm tired of being in that mode.
1 supplier of landing gear and other aircraft parts.
When President Grant was scheduled to visit here on a Sunday, people wanted to get special permission for his carriage to be driven to the Great Auditorium, but he said if a President couldn't obey the law, then no one had to, so he walked in.
Never mind that there is no real need for this service, nor any compelling scientific reason to do it.
''I'm just very, very curious about exploring this guy, about trying to understand him.
''As REITs buy buildings that they rent themselves and manage themselves, it means brokerages have less to market.
Tonight at 8, Filene Center, Wolf Trap, 1624 Trap Road, Vienna, Va., (703) 218-6500.
And for the sake of consistency, I expect these same legislators to work toward the dismantling of archaic zoning bylaws in their local communities to allow multi-use, ''new urbanism''-type developments with affordable housing interspersed with single-family homes and apartments above storefront shops.
It has been estimated that fewer than 1 percent of all the species that ever lived are known to us through fossils.
Jordan is 6 feet 6 inches, but size never fazed him.
Despite a stream of rush-hour motorcycle traffic and taxi drivers who are just learning to be greedy (there are still fewer cars here than most anywhere else in Asia), Vientiane -- and certainly the rest of undeveloped rural Laos -- retains its fresh, open face and charm.
The Federal judge in the case, Garland E. Burrell Jr., first said the lawyers, not Mr. Kaczynski, would control what defense is offered, then seemed to retreat from that position.
Mrs. Helmsley and Mr. Malkin, each holding a 28 1/2 percent interest, were partners of Metropolitan Life in the ownership.
Once Serbian forces are removed, and threatened with further NATO attack if they return, the refugees can begin heading home and international relief agencies can move in to provide them with food and building materials.
He doesn't even bother with a burial plot.
Hardee's Food Systems Inc. in Rocky Mount, N.C., said yesterday that it had named Angotti, Thomas, Hedge in New York to handle the creative portion of its account.
Mr. Tayyib's whereabouts are unknown.
HOST is also demonstrating a mechanical refrigeration system that could cool detectors on Hubble's Near Infrared Camera and Multi-Object Spectrometer, a valuable instrument that is no longer working because it has exhausted its supplies of super-cold liquid coolants stored in pressurized bottles.
Friday at 10 P.M.; Saturday at 9 P.M.; next Sunday at 8 P.M. Tickets: $50.
Columbia established a yearly storytelling festival in her honor in 1987, called ''A(ugusta) Baker's Dozen,'' and the Association of Library Services to Children of the American Library Association in 1993 cited her for a Distinguished Services Award, its highest tribute to a member.
They lost their fifth game of the season.
Bishop McGann has been in ill health recently and has lately been less active in public regarding issues like abortion.
At the same times, teams from the investment banks were dispatched to Greenwich ''to look at the situation,'' one top-level Wall Street executive said.
Why should we believe Elway this time?
Eleven miles east of Jackson and Route 49 is the very unvolcanic village of Volcano.
Visibility Was Poor,'' to be presented next week in the Next Wave Festival at the Brooklyn Academy of Music.
Mr. Moss has worked for advertisers like the Campbell Soup Company and the Polaroid Corporation and agencies including the J. Walter Thompson Chicago unit of WPP Group P.L.C.
I received answers (yes, yes, thickest), each in less than 12 hours and each recommending the purchase of the instructional video.
The man, Louis Berrios, 32, who was born with spina bifida and has used a wheelchair all his life, is seeking $14 million in damages from Our Lady of Mercy Medical Center and two of its doctors, claiming their misdiagnosis in June caused his arrest and left him ''shamed, embarrassed and extremely humiliated,'' according to the lawsuit filed Oct. 19 in State Supreme Court in the Bronx.
The major cultural divide within England -- predating 19th-century class formations -- is that of North versus South.
The contraceptive measure would require the Federal health plans, which affect 1.2 million female Federal employees who are of child-bearing age, to cover the five methods of contraception that have been approved by the Food and Drug Administration for use in this country: birth control pills, diaphragms, intra-uterine devices, Norplant and Depo-Provera.
''However, in the meantime, please continue your efforts to find paid employment,'' the letter read.
To many black political leaders, the incident showed that the party took one of its most loyal constituencies for granted.
A9 Final Advice From Dr. Spock The late Dr. Benjamin Spock, writing in the seventh edition of his book ''Baby and Child Care,'' advised people to adopt a vegetarian diet devoid of dairy products after age 2.
''No,'' said his friend, Ron Weitz, 44, an iron worker from Cincinnati.
Thirty-six seconds after McCabe scored, Blair Atcheynum responded for the Blues.
Mr. Millard pointed out that the city had closed a heliport at East 60th Street at the end of February, and that traffic from the East 34th Street Heliport has been cut by 65 percent since the city ended sightseeing flights from there last August.
But Mr. Macklowe is planning to build a new skyscraper at Madison and 42d Street that could put him back in the pantheon of New York developers.
''The need is global,'' he said.
Performances: tonight at 7; Tuesday through Saturday at 8 P.M.; next Sunday at 2 P.M. (973) 408-5600
Of course it will be only the surface reason.
Land ads boast, ''Never in the history of Real Estate Development has a man of moderate means had an opportunity to own a piece of land fronting the Altantic Ocean.''
A few years later he publicly scolded his fellow Senator Jesse Helms for writing school-prayer legislation.
When the period ends, the rate can fluctuate up or down based upon a predetermined formula.
''There's not a day that goes by, by the way, when I don't go up to someone and say, 'Aren't you curious about what I'm going to do next?'
Looking for more rapid growth, Paging Network has started to expand abroad, namely in Canada and Spain.
It needs plenty of breaks.
Mr. McKenna said Mr. Vacco chose not to hire lawyers with expertise in death penalty appeals because it would be costly, and because New York's law was intended to prevent lengthy appeals.
New York: G. P. Putnam's Sons.
The foodbank does not supply food directly to the needy but rather supplies it to 1,500 charitable and community organizations.
He also developed other, more severe behavioral problems, including claustrophobia and the inability to use toilets away from home.
Venter, certain he can never win, talks of ''motoring back to Hyannisport and saying to hell with it.''
Kennedy Airport was under construction, and it was an exciting time.
''To go out to eat to avoid cooking at home is overkill,'' said F. Lane Cardwell Jr., the president of Eatzi's.
Ms. Young's version is a far cry from some of the early reports about sex in the Oval Office.
The conductor and pianist Donald Runnicles, an artist in residence at the festival, is to join the Thibaud Trio for a program featuring Brahms's great Piano Quartet in G minor.
His congregation there included several employees of New York ad agencies -- including one, Ron Henderson, who is now a writer with Richards Group in Dallas.
''Competition in the marketplace is the litmus test of antitrust laws.
In May, Hinshaw, a music publishing house, released ''The Literature of Chamber Music,'' by Arthur Cohn: a four-volume, 3,075-page encyclopedia of chamber works, ranging from Baroque trio sonatas to contemporary compositions.
He is a son of Patricia and Stanley Passmore of Oxfordshire, England.
Devoted aunt of Rita O'Meara Sachs.
The way our economy is able to provide for its people is through productivity and that comes from educational training and new ideas.
certainly not in recognizable German), but as soon as he begins to speak, modern commentary covers his words.
The hacienda, we're told, is a shockingly hermetic place, where many people spend their entire lives within walking distance of their families' cabins.
Tapes from camcorders are duplicated to make usually very poor -- but occasionally quite good -- copies of movies, which are then sold on street corners, in flea markets and similar outlets.
They have asked the organizers to meet with them to discuss ways to improve the flow of the often-chaotic and crowded parade.
With his theme song, ''Back in the Saddle Again,'' and riding his chestnut stallion, Champion, Mr. Autry began his climb to fame in the mid-1930's.
franchise, unveiled the logo yesterday in Nashville to go with the new Titans name.
The public also pledges allegiance to Jasper Johns's ''Three Flags,'' of which a record 4,889 postcards were sold in 1997 at the Whitney Museum of American Art.
That trust fund is now invested entirely in Government bonds, which have generated only a fraction of the returns from stocks in recent years.
And that figure does not include the hundreds of evangelical house churches, like Ms. Garcia's Good News Evangelical Pentecostal Church, which are popping up in apartments and houses across the island.
Despite the disappointment, no leading Democrats called for the President to step down and only a handful of Republicans did so.
Then in 1956 he headed for Spain.
Cherished grandmother of Paul and Richard (Andree), adored great-grandmother of Evan.
Martin, 21, a three-year starter, collapsed during the first half of the Flyers' game with Lakota U-17, a club team from the Hamilton area.
''I stayed in a hotel on Gloucester Road the first couple of weeks that I was here,'' said Jean-Christophe Grenier, 30, an investment banker who came here to work for Goldman Sachs International four months ago.
And in ''Directions for Cookery'' (1837), Eliza Leslie says, ''Have stewed cranberries on the table to eat with it'' -- the turkey, that is.
True, he is hitting jumpers that he was missing badly at the beginning of the season, a sign that his range of motion is returning to normal.
It makes sense to Paul Wilmot, a publicity agent for the new Rubinstein spa.
A cynic, in fact, might have even believed it was rehearsed.
''I believe in the institution, and he's going to be it.
MSNBC selected 14 questions from the 4,900 it received, and an interpreter translated them into Russian.
I'd probably be forced into it if I tried to say no.''
The runners can be no more than four degrees Celsius above the air temperature.
But none of these developments appear to have much lightened the mood on either side of a standoff that one ally of Mr. Clinton today compared to trench warfare.
If we've learned anything from the artists we work with, it's that they're always venturing into uncharted terrain (usually immediately after they've finally produced a body of work that people actually like).
New York: Times Books/Random House.
''Prison should be for the incorrigible, for the violent felon.
The Pakistan Government today condemned the American attack on neighboring Afghanistan, calling it a violation of the norms of international behavior and saying that it sets a ''dangerous precedent.''
Ms. Lyons was in critical condition today.
These are some of the questions for children to explore during ''Plant Hunters Week,'' running through Sunday.
Though some reports detailed the failure of seemingly promising experimental drugs, and though the scientists worried about offering honest hope, not unwarranted hype, some were a bit looser in using the word cure than most of their colleagues have been in the past.
Hours Lunch, 11:30 A.M. to 3 P.M. Monday through Friday.
''We just checked the pregnancies on 30 animals and just one was the wrong sex,'' Dr. Seidel said.
Held to 8 points in the first half, Mobley scored 6 of his team's first 8 points after the break as Rhode Island (10-2, 3-0 Atlantic 10) slowly pulled away.
Father's Day has devolved into an annual festival of cholesterol and neckwear.
2 phone company, the MCI Communications Corporation, fell 12.5 cents, to $42.6875, and No.
In the studio in May, the performers got the Joyce choreography back into their muscles, then moved on to a few new images, in no particular order, at the end of each rehearsal.
''This was the greatest place in world.
Russia Lifts Tariffs on Medicines The economic turmoil in Russia continued as the Kremlin lifted tariffs on medicines, a belated effort to cope with shortages of drugs in pharmacies and hospitals.
That night, the ventilation, instead of equalizing the temperature, produced blasts of the 28-degree outside air.
Also in the show are two eight-foot tall murals created by the 20 participants of Lutheran Medical Center's Seniors in Touch program.
And who will be the adjudicator and how can we enforce a standard in other countries?''
And often idiosyncratic improvisation: Mr. Coleman and Mr. Osby came up with a distinct school of soloing, jagged and abstract and virtuosic, that hadn't been heard before.
Half of all political action committee contributions to Federal candidates and parties flow from Washington, with many donors listing K Street corridor zip codes.
No matter how trivial the charge, there is a philosophical issue here.
It was a bill that condemned persecution abroad of Christian and other minorities and called for economic or political penalties against the persecutors.
Pella Marsh, 14, is a survivor.
Stranger buildings than the imaginary ones depicted in some of Rizzoli's drawings have actually been designed and erected by real architects.
tournament, Tennessee set a tournament record with 11 blocked shots and waltzed over previously unbeaten Liberty University, 102-58.
They say they bathe once or twice a month.
THE referee had his right arm up, signaling a delayed penalty in the Devils' season finale in Philadelphia a year ago and Dave Andreychuk was trying to control the puck behind the Flyers' net.
Remaining potential targets include the SGL Carbon Corporation, a United States subsidiary of SGL Carbon A.G. of Germany, according to a lawyer close to the investigation.
Every World Cup has its so-called Group of Death -- the most competitive pairings in the tournament.
-------------------- Stocks Rise in Tokyo TOKYO, Monday, Feb. 9 (Bloomberg News) -- Stocks were trading higher here today.
What we don't want to happen is just to end up in some limbo land.
Ms. Brisport, who neighbors described as a kindly, sweet woman who supported herself on public assistance, took them in.
The new results are consistent with the theory that memories are consolidated during sleep.
The Nissan Diesel Motor Company, Japan's fourth-largest truck maker, may supply diesel engines to Daimler-Benz A.G. of Germany, according to an anonymously sourced Japanese newspaper report yesterday.
Such choices make it easier for our country to ignore ''liberty and justice for all.''
AUTOBIOGRAPHY AND FILM DEALS -- ''What I have to do is go around to a lot of old friends and ask them to jog my memory.
The injuries and the recovery of the two men provided an undercurrent of an emotional and, ultimately, successful season.
Mr. Sharif was at the top of Israel's list of militants wanted for a series of suicide bombings that killed scores of Israelis.
Saku Koivu, Vincent Damphousse, Craig Rivet, Benoit Brunet, Scott Thornton, Igor Ulanov and Brett Clark scored for Montreal, and Mark Recchi had four assists.
And they note that after 50 years, there is still no peace in their land.
But ultimately, most of them at least tacitly embrace the philosophy of Plato, who proposed, rather unscientifically, that numbers and mathematical laws are ethereal ideals, existing outside of space and time in a realm beyond the reach of humankind.
The words leap out like a gag snake twisting out of a can.
The home furnishings segment has traditionally been fragmented, and players like Crate and Barrel have shown how to grab market share.
A farsighted Government would start preparing for that rainy day now.
All around it are vast fields of blue agave, a primitive-looking, hardy succulent that has been rooted in the volcanic soil of the region for centuries.
It's those three things: bungee jumping, roller coasters and dating.
The study's results may in part reflect the youthful appeal of ''Rent,'' the rock musical about life in the East Village.
Neither the Pope's bleak words nor the intermittent rain seemed to dampen the mood of the huge crowd that began gathering in St. Peter's Square at 7 this morning to obtain a glimpse of the Easter Mass and the Pope's traditional ''Urbi et Orbi'' (To the City and the World) message that follows.
I find few journalists and officials who are even aware of that -- or that the U.N. officials then eagerly hawked free tickets to the public through the press.
''He was like a jaguar, gone,'' said Eli Velazquez, an animal control worker.
Most Americans, and many Californians, do not realize that California grows rice at all, although it accounts for a quarter of the national crop, and diners eat it every time they set foot in a sushi restaurant or bite into a rice cake.
But everybody ought to have their eyes open here.''
I will go out the same door I came in.''
On the other stops of his 12-day African tour, President Clinton has dispensed some small amount of aid -- never enough, his aides have acknowledged, to meet each country's needs.
Some cancer researchers say the drugs are the most exciting treatment that they have ever seen.
BellSouth stock rose $1.6875 today, to $60.3125.
Perhaps it's not surprising then that conservative historians have tended to emphasize institutions and elites, not grass-root activists; established leaders, not radicals.
''I know what we're up against.
Q. American health care is increasingly governed by market mechanisms.
There are to be three theaters in the cellar, two on the third floor, three on the fourth, two on the fifth, and one each on the sixth and seventh, for a total of 2,400 seats.
''There's a great deal of environmental information out there, with people willing to use that knowledge to protect the resource.''
Knox, I 7,026 1% Martin Rosenthal, I 2,496 0% MARYLAND Reporting: 95% w Barbara A. Mikulski, D*1,031,006 71% Ross Zimmerman Pierpont, R425,364 29% MISSOURI Reporting: 98% Jeremiah Nixon, D 673,336 44% w Christopher S. Bond, R* 800,542 52% Curt Frazier, US 14,673 1% Tamara Millay, LT 30,886 2% James Newport, RF 8,524 1% NEVADA Reporting: 79% Harry Reid, D* 191,266 49% John Ensign, R 183,354 47% None of the above 7,083 2% Michael Cloud, LT 7,038 2% Michael Williams, NL 2,343 1% NEW HAMPSHIRE Reporting: 97% George Condodemetraky, D 87,758 28% w Judd Gregg, R* 211,002 68% Brian Christeson, LT 7,589 2% Roy Kendel, IA 4,617 1% NEW YORK Reporting: 95% wc Charles E. Schumer, D 2,290,737 54% Alfonse M. D'Amato, R*1,854,436 44% Rose Ana Berbeo, SW5,049 0% Joel Kovel, G 13,941 0% Corinne Kurtz, O 31,208 1% William McMillen, LT 8,806 0% NORTH CAROLINA Reporting: 98% wc John Edwards, D 989,705 51% Lauch Faircloth, R* 909,762 47% Barbara Howe, LT 35,611 2% NORTH DAKOTA Reporting: 96% w Byron L. Dorgan, D* 130,485 63% Donna Nalewaja, R 72,773 35% Harley McLain, RF 3,440 2% OHIO Reporting: 99% Mary Boyle, D 1,448,739 44% wc George Voinovich, R 1,874,876 56% OKLAHOMA Reporting: 100% Don Carroll, D 274,889 31% w Don Nickles, R* 578,604 66% Mike Morris, I 15,728 2% Argus Yandell, I 4,710 1% OREGON Reporting: 13% w Ron Wyden, D*90,123 58% John Lim, R56,543 36% Dean Braa, SW1,066 1% Jim Brewster, LT2,727 2% Michael Campbell, NL1,348 1% Karyn Moskowitz, P3,145 2% PENNSYLVANIA Reporting: 99% William Lloyd, D 1,013,360 35% NArlen Specter, R* 1,796,138 61% Jack Iannantuono, LT 45,990 2% Dean Snyder, CN 69,591 2% SOUTH CAROLINA Reporting: 97% w Ernest F. Hollings, D* 539,020 52% Bob Inglis, R 474,080 46% Richard Quillian, LT 16,580 2% SOUTH DAKOTA Reporting: 71% w Tom Daschle, D* 128,005 62% Ron Schmidt, R 74,419 36% Byron Dale, LT 2,829 1% UTAH Reporting: 64% Scott Leckman, D 93,981 32% w Robert F. Bennett, R* 190,622 65% Gary Van Horn, IA 8,858 3% VERMONT Reporting: 87% w Patrick J. Leahy, D* 125,810 72% Fred Tuttle, R 39,355 23% Hugh Douglas, LT 3,417 2% Jerry Levy, LU 1,045 1% Bob Melamede, GR 2,021 1% Barry Nelson, I 2,231 1% WASHINGTON Reporting: 44% w Patty Murray, D* 433,200 58% Linda Smith, R 307,466 42% WISCONSIN Reporting: 78% w Russell D. Feingold, D* 731,699 51% Mark Neumann, R 678,736 48% Tom Ender, LT 4,764 0% Eugene Hem, I 3,856 0% Robert Raymond, US 6,654 0%
On November 20, 1998, at age 71.
Many critics believe her Cleopatra, for the Royal National Theater opposite Anthony Hopkins, may be the best of the century.
''What saved me, in a way, was going to the Catholic school, to St. Pat's,'' he said.
But do not expect Summitt or the Lady Vols to get lost in historical references.
The average restaurant lunch, Mr. Sampson said, costs $12.50 to $20.
Eisley gave the Jazz a little lift in the third quarter, driving the lane and upsetting the double-teaming schemes of the Bulls.
I'm a Turkish student in an American family's house in Huntington Bay.
There is throughout a cinematic tension between pastoral relaxation and vaguely ominous suspense (Johnson).
Also a consultant in diagnostic radiology for IBM medical department.
There is a Roger Maris charity golf tournament and a Roger Maris Cancer Center.
''This was a partnership in name only.''
With her high cheekbones and muscular physique, she even resembled him.
* The cost of losing the use of your money.
Mr. Sims said Mr. Postel made the selections only after ruling out an election because there was no clear electorate.
''I mean, we're talking a whole different atmosphere!''
''We didn't come from a rich family, but from a noble family,'' Mr. Williams said.
''It's sort of like walking into a construction area.''
Involuntary manslaughter carries a maximum sentence of 15 years.
''They are much more developed than people think, and also half-developed at the same time.''
''You take it and walk away.''
Dr. Matthew Goldstein, the president of Adelphi University, who headed Baruch until June, recalled: ''It was quite a task to get the Governor to appropriate the money to design and construct the building.
Possessed of a deep utilitarian beauty that Antonelli likens to that of a camel -- ''it has that hump'' -- the plane, she says, ''is beautiful because of how it looks, how it works and what it represents.
In the past, Samaranch has made open appeals to ''Please, stop the fighting,'' to whoever was fighting at the moment.
Two categories of body cell, however, are immortal in the cell's sense of being able to divide indefinitely.
Patents are available by number for $3 from the Patent and Trademark Office, Washington, D.C. 20231.
Around the country, researchers are working with Z. mobilis to find other approaches, but BC International's will be the first commercial plant to make ethanol from woody material.
The broader message inherent in the Jeremiah report is that the C.I.A.
The store's president, Paul S. Ginsburg, said his sales tripled or quadrupled during past tax-free weeks.
Mr. Warner was predeceased in 1995 by his wife, Marian Carleton Warner.
The Diocese of Brooklyn announces the death of the Pastor of St. Mary Star of the Sea Church, 467 Court Street, Brooklyn, on June 11, 1998.
''This is part of a larger project which we are calling 'The Great Hermitage.'
They had no solace, and no burden, but each other.''
The designers who consider themselves avant-garde are adding a sparkle to men's wear, literally.
The film, directed by Ridley Scott, was an adaptation of Philip K. Dick's novel ''Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?''
Mr. Davis held a morning news conference and accused Mr. Spitzer of using his family's considerable wealth to buy the party's nomination.
The show, which is well paced, judiciously proportioned (not a painting too many) and thematically astute, establishes the distinctive character of Utrecht's art right from the start through the contrast of two paintings.
Only when you read it can you skip over what seems to be the unintentional nonsense and focus on the play's brief connections to other Miller works and concerns.
A few stations cut away to their normal midday newscasts.
The restaurant, in Queens, is owned by the father of his fiancee, Mary Beth O'Neal.
''And I knew how to number crunch.''
If Lunar Prospector is still functioning normally at the end of a year, it will be maneuvered to descend to altitudes of only six miles for an even closer inspection of lunar geology.
Another 50 years have passed and people today hardly know their neighbors.
After today's hearing, the Mayor will have 10 days to veto or sign the bill, or do nothing, which would automatically turn it into law.
In valuing a media company, for example, relevant benchmarks may be price to cash flow or price per subscriber, but not book value, he said.
The United States followed suit, pledging $70 million to help rebuild Honduras.
LORETTA COLON took three cruises this year.
It is not as if the Knicks, who scored just 12 third-quarter points, seized upon their opponents' futility.
''The market got way ahead of itself on Friday on issues that don't look as scary on Monday,'' said Russ Sheldon, senior economist at MCM, a market research firm.
''For someone who likes to be in control of his case, this is a great education to know how little control I can assert, how events go faster than my ability to even blink.''
Yet despite her doubts, she was unable to give up the drug by the time she completed her book.
What's really holding up the start of the season?
White House Gets Anti-Piracy Bill Legislation intended to protect books, music, computer software and other works from Internet pirates cleared its last congressional hurdle, winning unanimous approval by the House of Representatives.
Russian courts operate on the European inquisitorial model rather than the American adversarial system, putting an additional strain on overloaded judges and narrowing the defendants' chances.
Mr. Nelson plans to supervise the programming, which will be a mix of country music shows from the 1960's and 70's, Indian music and dancing and documentaries about Indian history.
But the Disney powerhouse seems threatened by rival animation efforts.
''It's a big hunk of money.''
After a racial shooting in 1997, Attorney General Condon proposed hate-crime legislation that would have assigned special penalties to those convicted of crimes motivated by racial bigotry.
PHILLIES 7, DEVIL RAYS 0 Tyler Green limited Tampa Bay to three hits in seven innings and Rico Brogna drove in three runs with two doubles and a triple as host Philadelphia beat the Devil Rays.
Compared with the walnut accents, soft leather and electronic gizmos of $30,000 Japanese cars, the basic appointments of the 323 underscore the age of its design.
Because his work should be seen firsthand to be truly appreciated, it is most fortunate that his major windows are all in easily accessible public places.
He lived for awhile in Ankara, while he was advisor to the Turkish Government on Labor Relations.
MARILU HENNER, who lives in Los Angeles, was scheduled to arrive in New York on Friday for rehearsals of the 52d Annual Tony Awards show, which is to be broadcast live on Sunday.
It gets to the point where center stage on the baseball team that is owned by George Steinbrenner and belongs to New York is not that big a deal.
It is an uphill battle.
They allowed time to gauge, fix, adjust, throw out, put in or, perhaps, to close.
Its shares have more than doubled since then, outpacing the market indexes.
Mr. Krier went to Macalester College and worked in community theater.
''There's a different expectation with a computer,'' Mr. Samuel said.
In part, Danone is simply riding the wave of restructuring, as European food manufacturers and distributors reinvent themselves to overcome consumer stagnation and break out of narrow national boundaries.
And Holdsclaw is often referred to as the Michael Jordan of women's basketball.
Litter is everywhere; bordering it to the rear is a public school complex and some housing.
The Jose Greco II Flamenco Dance Company is a throwback to the past in the best possible ways, to judge by the program the company presented on Saturday night in the Ted Shawn Theater at the Jacob's Pillow Dance Festival.
The compensation package has become a huge moral and political issue that has dominated newspapers and television newscasts across Canada for weeks.
Mr. Barket asked the judge to dismiss him from the case, then assign him as Mr. Offen's court-appointed lawyer so that he could receive public funds reserved for defending the indigent.
It is about the size of a bagel and its meat is gently flavored and plentiful, so it can be roasted or steamed whole, and it makes a perfect serving for one.
The Banking Department is currently gathering comments on the rule -- which contains the same protections for consumers as the old-fashioned transactions -- and said it might release the new rule sometime in April or May.
The last day Boras played professional baseball, in 1978, he had just started law school after three knee operations.
''If there is an economic slowdown or a recession, then wages won't fully recover to where they were in 1989,'' said Lawrence Mishel, research director of the Economic Policy Institute, a union-backed research center.
It closes out my 20's and takes me into my 30's.
Tonight he plans to have one for himself.
The company, the largest European-based car maker, sold 16,765 units in the month, up from 11,669 in March 1997.
Was the job-hunting help meant to get Ms. Lewinsky out of Washington, or persuade her to lie about any relationship she might have had with the President?
Mr. Josephson of the ethics institute in Los Angeles says ethics officers can have their work cut out for them just educating business people on the difference between what is technically legal and what is right.
''Dillard's has traditionally been a bottom-feeder.''
Beloved wife of the late Sidney Edwards, cellist.
Last year, going from the rotation to the bullpen and back, ''I didn't deal with it as well as I should've,'' Rogers said on Friday.
Relief organizations had begun receiving reports of starvation in Hazarajat.
Holyfield has been fighting lately at about 218.
''I'm thinking of a sabbatical myself.''
Households recycled pots and pans for armaments.
Since then, Delta, which had been discussing a merger with Continental earlier last year, mounted its own bid for Continental, offering to buy the entire airline for a combination of cash and stock, those familiar with the negotiations said.
He said he agreed with her decision.
I am struck by how this eloquent defense of the rule of law by these former Attorneys General compares with the silence of the current Attorney General.
A very few become bridge professionals and never do anything else.
''Danny did not play as well as I hoped he would.
To the Editor: Re Clyde Haberman's Jan. 20 NYC column on the merger of the Center for Constitutional Rights and the National Emergency Civil Liberties Committee: While the vision of the ''left'' may indeed be perceived as less grand, there are many young people committed to continuing its work.
That the aggressive nationalism and racism infecting parts of German society grew to terrible proportions during and after World War I, and ended by destroying much of Europe, does not eliminate the positive aspects of Berlin before 1914, which any account of the city's past should analyze and place in context.
Americans would agree that the charges needed to be investigated and, if necessary, punished.
Image and sound are vastly superior to videotape, but is that important enough to you to warrant buying a new video system for the television set?
Mr. Meltzer eventually joined the fledgling Israeli Navy, and like many others who fought in Israel's War of Independence, in May 1948, his life was forever changed.
Snails might also be edible, particularly in a pungent garlic sauce.
Dear Mother, in our hearts today and always.
A statue of Lenin presides.
Many scientists believe it was contracted by cows who were fed ground-up body parts from sheep that had the disease.
''People might think you're not the most reliable witness,'' he remarks in a whopping understatement.
This year's conference was notable because for the first time Microsoft executives did not participate.
''There's no medium for that for the black dealer.''
A role on the short-lived Fox sitcom ''Wild Oats,'' which he dismisses as ''mindless drivel,'' exacerbated the problem.
''It's like walking into the walls of hell,'' he said.
Near the entrance hang photos of Geraldo Rivera, who lives nearby, and Governor Whitman enjoying Neelam meals.
Empire, for example, said its spending for prescription drugs rose 20 percent in 1997.
You could almost hear the echo of Bill Clinton's voice proclaiming the era of big government over.
Take the case of Julian H. Robertson Jr., the chairman of Tiger Management, the world's biggest hedge fund.
And the writers, Monte Stone and J. K. Holman, have a jarring habit of giving the leitmotifs new names: they call Mime's singsong motif, for example, ''Sob Story.''
Unknowing, indifferent -- only a few months ago at a dinner, one of America's richest and pleasantest men and the headmaster of a noted private school, a minister, both said they knew nothing about the persecution of their fellow Christians.
And the civil service, once an employment agency for Afrikaners, now almost exclusively hires blacks.
Headed ''The American Youth's Diploma,'' this is all but filled by a naive color lithograph of youngsters scaling the ''Hill of Science,'' egged on by a woman dressed in pink.
Eclipse will exchange 0.8 of a share of common stock for each share of Cardiogenesis, issuing 9.8 million new shares, the equivalent of about half the current shares outstanding.
Her words smarted, three in particular: ''typical'' and ''tourist'' and ''grasped.''
Earlier this month, a classmate challenged Chris to a fight.
In addition, the Energy Department's preferred burial ground for spent nuclear fuel from civilian reactors -- Nevada's Yucca Mountain -- is bogged down in technical and legal problems.
The research ''has potential health benefits which I think are extremely promising, and I am sorry that the law prevented us from supporting it,'' said Dr. Harold Varmus, director of the National Institutes of Health.
The TV, print, outdoor and postcard ads helped make the New Beetle perhaps the most popular highway revival since speed limits returned to 65 miles an hour.
Officer Locurto has worked for the department for four years, was a patrolman in the Queens and had not been the subject of a civilian complaint.
Among the more than 200 feature films and 300 documentaries and television series in his credits were Mr. Howard's ''Ransom,'' ''The Paper'' and ''Parenthood''; Mr. Robbins's ''Dead Man Walking'' and ''Bob Roberts,'' and Marc Levin's ''Slam,'' now in movie theaters.
The Citizens Committee report showed one of the many ways that staff cuts can endanger children.
One client, Charles Johnson, a catcher who set a record last year with the Florida Marlins by playing a full season without a single error in the field, is the first to come over, taking the agent aside to discuss both his personal life and his swing at the plate.
The water damage made the Torah ''pasul'' (Hebrew for ''unfit''), he said, and so the fasting rule did not apply.
''There's a ball game on the radio.''
Sponsored by I'll Take Manhattan Tours.
formed the eight-member board last year to address concerns about the growing number of ties between auditors and the companies they audit and to create a set of independence rules.
WHEN their gleaming new international airport opened in the Gaza Strip last week, Palestinians saw it as one more step toward the national statehood their leaders have been promising.
Not long ago, the territory's 6.7 million people were used to a market that had more jobs than people to fill them.
Her parents, Avril M. K. Ling and Dr. Suilin Ling, live in Cairo, where the bride's father is a telecommunications consultant for the United States Agency for International Development.
Our wonderful and dearest father.
GRADUATED DRIVER'S LICENSE: Beginning in January 2001, New Jersey residents will have to wait until they are 18 to gain full driving privileges under a bill signed into law on Thursday by Gov.
There are also commuter flights from Salt Lake City to Hailey, Idaho, about 10 miles from Sun Valley.
''That is why we are being attacked.''
RAINBOW CLASSIC Kobayashi Wins In a Playoff Hiromi Kobayashi sank a 3-foot birdie putt on the first playoff hole yesterday to defeat Tracy Hanson in the L.P.G.A.
More restless designers have realized that men may be ready for some dimension in their clothing, and the traditional tools valued in women's wear are being brought into play.
A 19th-century coiled basket, for example, belonged to the famous landscape gardener Beatrix Farrand, who designed Dr. Abbe's garden at his summer house.
He has lunch or dinner with Justice Roberts or the judge and his wife every few months.
Hopefully it's not too late.''
Mitchell has handled complex situations before.
THEY gather in secret, their names withheld for their security.
Highway advocates say that road construction will require only the relocation of a dozen of the thousands of petroglyphs and the sacrifice of a teeny sliver of parkland -- 8.5 acres, or a tenth of one percent of the monument's 7,244 acres.
I had three cups of coffee, so I was about 10 levels ahead of what I usually am, and that's pretty high anyway.
It always comes as a shock to realize I was a very small existential atom in that world -- albeit snuggled up in my bassinet.
The French Government said yesterday that it would sell its 87.1 percent stake in the insurer Groupe des Assurances Nationales to Groupama Assurances for 17.25 billion francs ($2.8 billion).
I'd like to, so there's a time when you take a calculated risk.
SAN JOSE SHARKS -- Recalled D Rich Brennan from Kentucky of the AHL.
While Ms. Hoehmann was the only witness to the supposed abuse, Judge Alfieri repeatedly said he found her accusations sincere and credible.
Compared with last year, he said, this season's playoffs have been ''a grind.''
In Franklin Square, at my fourth and final sale, I bought the beautifully illustrated ''Story of the Supreme Court'' (50 cents), a madcap romp through history with some of the nation's favorite jurists.
Had Real Quiet held on -- and survived a steward's inquiry into a bumping incident near the wire -- he would have earned a $5 million bonus for becoming the 12th horse to win the Triple Crown.
It had recently been at 131.82.
He later married an American, but she soon died of cancer, Mr. Wyatt said.
According to Dr. Love -- they scored 99 percent -- they are.
''Kids browse before tax-free week,'' he said, then come back and buy.
''We're going to meet tomorrow and Wednesday, and hopefully we can come up with something.
League officials said they never received a new proposal that the players had promised.
Does last year carry over to this year?
Families interested in being host to a Fresh Air Fund child or who wish to register their child for a Fresh Air summer vacation may call (800) 367-0003.
By combining sales and administration functions, and creating additional newscasts, the arrangements can cut costs and improve profitability.
For subscriptions or single tickets, call (203) 227-1611.
Corp mourns the loss of its founder.
There were three phones, including one by the toilet.
But people play console games with people in the same room; none in the United States are capable of linking players across the vastness of the Internet.
And it roared again when Pippen hit that jumper, the first shot he took.
'' REUNITING WITH BLACK SABBATH -- ''Last week the four of us recorded two live shows which were spectacular and wrote two new studio tracks, 'Psycho Man' and 'Selling Your Soul,' and they came together relatively quickly.
Inside one of the envelopes was a 1963 article from The Saturday Evening Post on a promising new comic, Woody Allen -- one of about 200 magazine articles Mr. Zinsser wrote in a decade as a freelancer.
Ballentine states that plaintiff was upset and crying.
On the 11 miles of road north of Bluff, only crows and helicopters moved in the still desert landscape.
Among those scheduled to take part are the Juilliard String Quartet, past and current members of the Chamber Music Society of Lincoln Center and other musicians who worked or studied with him.
Lo wants to see America himself.
A Mayflower descendant whose grandfather and great-grandfathers, both named Hiram Bingham, were prominent Protestant missionaries in the Pacific, he was the son of Hiram Bingham 3d, an explorer and historian who discovered the Incan ruins at Machu Picchu in Peru, taught Latin American history at Yale, then entered Connecticut Republican politics with such a flourish that within one 24-hour period in 1925 he served as Lieutenant Governor and Governor and began an eight-year stint as an ultra conservative United States Senator.
Especially noteworthy is the elfin woodland garden that Arthur's son Ed planted in the southeast quadrant -- a magnificent collection of rhododendrons, erythroniums (Northwest natives in the lily family) and trilliums.
Though he declined to disclose total revenue, he said that by the end of the year the site would be generating ''seven figures'' in sales.
The event will begin at 8 P.M. and will include an open bar, hors d'oeuvres and a silent auction.
From there the story turns to worldwide downturn and even deflation reminiscent of the 1930's.
This is how so many great movies were made.''
The five pieces in Friday's Summergarden concert at the Museum of Modern Art were all about how to make a very little go a long way.
TYCO SUBMARINE SYSTEMS CO., Exeter, N.H., a unit of Tyco International Ltd., signed an agreement with Global Photon Systems Inc. to build the first part of a Pacific Coast fiber optic undersea cable system connecting Canada and Mexico.
Mr. Arafat did not attend opening ceremonies.
The first owner repaired the car with a generic part.
At the same time, however, most adjustable mortgages being written today, she said, contain interest increase ''caps'' of 2 percent per adjustment and 6 percent over the life of the loan.
Entering tonight's game, Piazza was 42 for 95, with 11 home runs and 34 runs batted in, at Coors Field.
And the singers are galvanized by Mr. Levine's fervor.
We had been here long enough to understand how much they respect other people's belongings.''
Part of the pickup in benefit costs is probably temporary; it reflects commissions and bonuses being paid on Wall Street and elsewhere in the financial industry, where compensation has risen by 7 percent from a year ago.
''My husband was at work and I started having contractions around 11 o'clock Sunday night,'' Ms. Porras said.
For a year after we moved here, we had to use a long-distance number to connect to America Online, which inhibited any surfing urges.
Some of his students displayed a sign at Mr. Levin's funeral declaring, ''We are his kids.''
Other winners were more emotive.
True to his liberal credentials, he insists that this sizable portion of Americans remains unseen, unheard and uninvolved.
The Pope, who is to arrive in Nigeria on March 21, is to meet General Abacha and say open-air Masses in the capital, Abuja, and in Onitsha, in the east.
Mr. Pearson's grandfather John Winlock Pearson, who was the oldest of six boys and six girls -- a number that gives Big 6 Farms its name -- grew mostly peaches.
The Whitman administration is considering privatizing an estimated 500 jobs in the Department of Transportation's engineering department and the Corrections Department's food service division.
If we as individuals have a choice, we as a society are allowing it to happen.
The negotiations over Russian Treasury debt have been overshadowed in recent months by President Boris N. Yeltsin's ill health, food shortages and long delays in paying back wages.
The United States Government insists that it is not a predatory beast forcing its companies on Asia, and many officials and outside economists alike argue that the policies of greater openness advocated by Washington are good for the countries on the receiving end.
This was the largest quarterly deficit since the second quarter of 1990.
The everyday dangers that beset teen-age girls.
of protecting bankers better than workers or the environment.
Mayor Katz said that given the inevitability of the projects the Township Council did its best to minimize the impact on and preserve the character of Livingston.
I still got final cut.''
''High-quality audio is no longer a destination,'' said Richard Watson, senior product designer for JBL, whose $400 Harmony is one of the new table-top radios.
''We're changing the alignment of the proposition.
In fact, its impulses are urgent and unsettling, full of personal disquiet, political directives, spiritual yearning.
The Jets also gave a tryout to GLENN MONTGOMERY, a free-agent punter, but Coach BILL PARCELLS said he had no immediate plan to replace 37-year-old BRIAN HANSEN, who averaged only 32.8 yards on five punts Sunday against the Falcons.
They are rather abstract heaps of rectangular forms.
''I can guarantee you that our staff and our subcommittee is going to go over this very, very carefully,'' said Representative Sherwood M. Boehlert, a Republican from upstate New York.
MATCH POINTS In a second-round mixed-doubles match that kept a couple of teen-agers out until the early hours of Thursday morning, 17-year-old VENUS WILLIAMS and her partner, JUSTIN GIMELSTOB, defeated 16-year-old ANNA KOURNIKOVA and MARK KNOWLES, 7-5, 6-2.
''Sitting Pretty: Children's Chairs and Riding Toys.''
With the exception of ''True at First Light'' and the other uncompleted works, the papers were opened to the public at the library's temporary quarters in 1975.
Second hockey writer: A little vacation, huh?
The accused officials are Joseph Kinyua, Njeru Kirira, John Msafari and Samuel Chebii.
Mr. Reuter also acknowledged that running Bronx buses out of Manhattan depots would increase the time that it takes drivers to bring empty buses back to the start of their routes and back to the depot at the end of the day, which would increase fuel and labor costs.
Stepping up its investigation of the Apollo Theater's tangled finances, the State Attorney General's office issued a subpoena yesterday to Percy E. Sutton, the former Manhattan Borough President, whose business relationship with the foundation that manages the theater is the focus of the inquiry.
Mr. Keitel got his high school equivalency diploma in the Marines, was discharged in July 1959, then returned to Brooklyn.
He likes golf, tennis and shooting and is known for dressing well.
BEST DISHES: Margherita, zaatar, New York pizzas; chopped salad.
''We believe there are 25 other people involved, either as test applicants or as middlemen,'' said Kevin Ryan, a spokesman for the Department of Investigation.
Nor is it clear that Iraq will soon be even reasonably free of weapons of mass destruction.
The plot will turn with a corkscrew grace until the perpetrator is pierced, and good night.
While the tax break is wildly popular with the middle class, which sees it as a key to affordable home ownership, it does not come cheaply.
He was a law-enforcement officer in New Hampshire and Massachusetts before moving to Florida in 1974 with his wife and four children and becoming a deputy sheriff here.
The Homework Club, Ms. Carrano says, tries to be scheduled without being hectic.
And Thursday is the strike deadline at a second Flint parts-making factory, where 5,000 workers are demanding more job security.
And what if a company's hedge and mutual funds invest in the same stocks and those stocks drop?
The outpost in SoHo has been a financial drain on the institution, reportedly incurring losses close to $40 million up to now.
The younger Frizzell was upset after a breakup with his girlfriend, said Capt.
Ms. Gordon responded, her smile quizzical.
The painter Rosa Bonheur (1822-1899) was a legend in her own time, thanks not only to her skill at painting animals but also to her gender-flouting behavior.
The panel was appointed by Mr. Netanyahu after a Mossad assassination squad injected a slow-acting poison into Khaled Meshal, the political head of the militant Islamic movement Hamas, on an Amman street.
''My mother slammed my head against the white wall because I didn't bring my books home,'' Jermal, 11, told a child abuse investigator last October, according to a confidential report written after a passer-by reported the boy's bruises.
The widely read newspaper The Afro-American is published here, and it was here that Justice Thurgood Marshall of the Supreme Court grew up.
Mr. Mendes is equally at home with those, though costs demand that he direct Shakespeare in the more affluent halls of the Royal National Theater or the Royal Shakespeare Company rather than at the bare-bones Donmar in Covent Garden.
Told of the legislation before the Board of Legislators, he said: ''I am very much in favor of it.
Brown'' in the Best Makeup category tomorrow evening.
In the late 1960's in Cleveland, he and other ministers formed the Cleveland Clergy Consultation Service on Problem Pregnancies.
The film is set in the Paris of the 1950's.
Carnell Lake, the Steelers' defensive back, said Bledsoe and Stewart represented two distinct types of threats.
After Sampras lost in the first round last week in Stockholm, Rios could have regained the No.
Not since 1974 has an American President gone to Moscow in such a weak domestic position.
To the Editor: Governor Whitman's change of mind regarding the 65-mile-an-hour speed limit has two explanations.
It should produce tiny bubbles that last until the bottle is empty.
A native New Yorker, he graduated from Washington and Lee University in 1962 and received his law degree from the University of Virginia in 1965.
''She would burst in on legislators who were busy with other business, even if they were behind closed doors, even if they were in conference.
''He's going to be a Yankee next year.
Sunday at 9 P.M.; admission is $10 (Pareles).
He acquired the team to secure the perpetual cable rights on Fox Sports West, his regional sports channel in Southern California.
After speaking for a couple of minutes, Mr. Giuliani, who had another engagement, left quickly with his entourage.
''I have not heard an utterance.''
Organized by the gallery and two museums in Germany, the Photo Museum of the Munich City Museum and the State Gallery of Moritzburg, this exhibition of Witkacy's photographs is the first to reach the United States.
Harold Rosenbaum conducts with an expert hand, and if the band of period instrumentalists plays as well as the chorus sings, this should be all any Bach lover could want in a day, maybe more.
Lincoln Journal Star, Nebraska President Clinton should have resigned months ago, sparing the country the tortuous and unavoidable impeachment investigation into his misconduct.
Through the summer Circuit City solicited additional investors to help pay for the national debut of the format, since the start-up costs of Divx have been a heavy drag on the company's bottom line.
Had the Islanders played at Nassau Veterans Memorial Coliseum today, Mike Milbury's remark might have been construed differently.
He swung at ball four while striking out in the fifth, secured an 80-foot single in the seventh and was booed after bouncing out to third in the eighth.
Beloved husband of Marye, loving father of Sharon Flynn, Mary Louise Duncombe and Charles J. Scheid III.
Determined to preserve at least part of the community's rural character, Mrs. Curran and other residents banded together two years ago to try to curb development in the township's vanishing countryside.
Contributions to the fund are deductible on Federal, state and city income taxes to the extent permitted by law.
Where to Eat An evening meal in Karystos can boast everything from homemade spinach pies to pasta to meat to fish, with salads and wine, and can be had for as little as $15 to as much as you wish to pay.
''Given our size and visibility, we know we're going to get scrutiny,'' he said.
''We do not argue based on ducks, fairy tales or lemons.''
In the 1980's, it built the 27-acre Riverbank State Park over a sewage treatment plant along the Hudson River in upper Manhattan.
Mr. Conover was born in Trenton, New Jersey in 1920.
The new unit is offering clients a planning tool called the Multicultural Marketing Opportunity Model, intended to analyze the return on investment of initiatives aimed at ethnic consumers.
''I ain't going there,'' Hundley said of Valentine's comments.
Mr. Crawford said that a blizzard of studies shows that it takes much longer for a student to learn ''academic English,'' the ability to understand and express concepts more complicated than ordering a burger from a fast food restaurant.
One of the newer hybrids, China Girl, has I. cornuta and I. rugosa as parents.
''Even in her 90's, I recall her mother once scolding me, saying I'd kept Irene up too late drinking champagne,'' Mr. Jakoubek said.
Mr. Hawke's appointment became hung up for a number of reasons.
109 -- is preserved as a historic site and open to the public two days a week, but it was not open the day I was there.
With the grain sales exempted, however, Senators acknowledged that the largest and most painful penalty had been removed.
Added tight end Mark Chmura: ''We all have one.
His name has raised millions of dollars for the Joe DiMaggio Children's Hospital here at Memorial Regional Hospital, where the motto is, ''Whether rich or poor, no child is turned away.''
The report found no evidence linking Cuba, Iraq, North Korea or Syria with terrorist acts last year.
If Mr. Newman's songs were movies, they wouldn't be the Hollywood heartwarmers that he scores.
Gap will also run a small ad campaign in New York magazine, but would not say how much it would cost.
LIKE so many 14-year-olds, Alex Billig used to love to pilot his skateboard up and down the steep, magnolia-lined hills of this New York City suburb -- until his friends started skateboarding, too, and he realized that they had rapidly become much more proficient than he.
Actually, with the uncertainty of David Cone's shoulder, Pettitte cannot be this questionable against the Blue Jays later this month.
Ms. Nelson said consumers have wearied of reading fashion magazines that seem to have remained unchanged for the last three decades.
''Matt believed that if he had made one person's life better, he had succeeded,'' his cousin, the Rev.
House Republican leaders challenged the heart of President Clinton's domestic policy strategy today, saying they would press for a tax cut worth up to $80 billion over five years and pay for it by dipping into projected Federal budget surpluses.
''It's been clear Congress was going to do this, and it's hard to justify making a massive campaign in a future effort,'' said Barbara Roper, director of investor protection for the Consumer Federation of America.
B5 Ferraro Lags in Fund-Raising Geraldine A. Ferraro announced that she had raised $1.35 million for her United States Senate campaign, which is less money than the three other contenders have raised.
From Dublin in the south to the village of Killybegs, far on the northwest coast, people who will vote on the 67-page agreement -- hundreds of them -- described the document as baffling, even intimidating, and most said they had not even tried to read the whole thing.
So some Government officials fear an outflow of money, as individuals begin investing in Treasury bonds, which are offering three times the yield of Japanese Government instruments.
They show precisely what the house will look like with a degree of clarity that an architect's rendering cannot match, and they are worth hundreds of thousands of dollars to developers who are using them as marketing tools instead of building model homes.
Dinner at each of the paradores that I visited, with wine and espresso, came to approximately $40 for one person.
As Rhett Butler said, ''If you have enough courage you don't need a reputation.''
Their conversational American tone I found inappropriate to the erotic and ecstatic poetry at hand.
10 76 HOW THE IRISH SAVED CIVILIZATION, by Thomas Cahill.
James W. Michaels has never been known for his mild-mannered demeanor.
AUBURN--Announced the resignation of John Kenneson, assistant track and field coach.
Ticketed exhibitions provide reliable numbers, but some museums, like the Metropolitan, do not issue separate tickets for special shows.
Mr. Herman has had his greatest success, however, as an organizer.
With nearly 100 players and ownership representatives from all 29 teams scattering throughout the country after a marathon day in New York on Wednesday, the momentum that created a sense of optimism over the league's labor impasse might have left with them.
Lost Man's River By Peter Matthiessen.
(817-332-8451) A PAINTER'S POET: STEPHANE MALLARME AND THE IMPRESSIONISTS -- A multimedia look, through prints, photos and letters, at the connections between the 19th-century French poet, famed for his Tuesday evening salons, and the Parisian artists of his day.
She took her concerns to her principal, Mr. McNally, telling him -- diplomatically, he recalls -- that classroom discussions of AIDS were good, but more had to be done.
Jim Abbott (3-0) got the victory in his third start of the season, working seven innings and allowing four runs and six hits.
* SCOTT RICHTER, Elizabeth Harris Gallery, 529 West 20th Street, Chelsea, (212) 463-9666 (through tomorrow).
(He is now an assistant professor of religion at Montclair State University.)
Northlich Stolley LaWarre, an advertising and public relations agency in Cincinnati, opened Brand Storm, a division dedicated to new consumer products.
Trade accounts for about 15 percent of the gross domestic product, enough to exert a considerable influence.
This hasn't stopped scientists from continuing the search; in fact, there are hopes that the mighty Super-Kamiokande detector under a mountain near Kamioka, Japan, which contains 50,000 tons of water, will soon see the telltale flash signaling the death of a proton.
Ads About Clinton as Blunder A parade of prominent Democrats pounced gleefully on what they called a Republican blunder in waging a last-minute advertising offensive that seeks to exploit President Clinton's sex scandal.
Devotees of soccer can spend all day Saturday in Farmingdale, where the playing fields of the State University will be turned over to the Long Island Junior Soccer League's Exceptional Senior Soccer Games.
Unlike some Hasidic leaders, Rabbi Schneerson preached engagement, though not assimilation, with the non-Orthodox Jewish world.
She could not return home.
A few days after everything was in place and the bases had been painted the proper shade of pale grey to blend with the garden's granite floor, Mr. Kelly, was faced with a new problem: how to discourage the birds from adding their own signature to his pristine surfaces.
Mrs. Chenoweth, a skilled debater, had a ready response.
D1 Business Digest D1 EDITORIAL A26-27 Editorials: Mr. Clinton's awkward answers; provocative arms sales by Russia; small schools as an investment; Degas, the derby and equestrian motion.
Pamela Payton-Wright, as the manic, pill-popping mother of Edward Napier's '' 'Til the Rapture Comes'' at the WPA Theater, and Ned Eisenberg, portraying a big-mouth, ne'er-do-well father in Matthew Weiss's ''Hesh'' at the Intar, exude the negative charisma the roles call for.
So once again, the question has arisen: Is this the same tired effort with hope of little change?
For lighter, quicker fare with the unlikely combination of cheese blintzes and cappuccino, try the cute pink and white Caffe Cappuccino, whose corner windows overlook the street action.
On Tuesday they summoned President Suleyman Demirel for a three-hour briefing at which they reportedly drew a frightening picture of fundamentalist threats.
The political leaders Prince Norodom Ranariddh and Sam Rainsy spoke to about 5,000 people, part of a crowd gathered since Monday in a park near the National Assembly.
Mr. King and others said it would be nearly impossible to overstate Mr. D'Amato's influence over matters reaching right down to the most local concerns.
Cone set up Higginson, he said, with two sliders in on him, then fired a fastball in that he took for the third strike.
By that time the building was being described as the house of the Smiths, apparently confusing the barn they didn't finish with the residence they didn't finish.
The petition ''is about reclaiming, getting recognition for our heritage,'' says Jerry A. Walden of Chester, owner of a pest control business and a member of the tribe's three-person governing board.
''If this had been a true negotiation where you have two sides set up to negotiate,'' he said, ''I would say they had a point.''
This is the first passenger building you come to as you pull off the Van Wyck Expressway.
The settlement came as Microsoft's rival on the Internet, Netscape, said it would begin giving away its browser.
Not so direct for those who miss their flights of choice.
It's not always the case that you move faster because of an acquisition.
More than anyone can imagine.''
''The effects would be devastating,'' said Scott Gebhardt, the president and chief executive of PG&E Energy Services, a subsidiary of the PG&E Corporation, the holding company for Pacific Gas and Electric, the largest utility in the state.
The old media are losing their monopoly on analyzing current events, Mr. Rossetto said.
They'll do what the team's got to do.
According to a criminal complaint filed by the Bronx District Attorney's office, Officer Heriberto Luciano, 37, abused his stepdaughter on several occasions from the time she was 6 years old until her 12th birthday, only stopping after she agreed not to tell anyone of the abuse.
She lived mostly in New York but occasionally ventured to Los Angeles to audition for television pilots.
WALKING TOURS ''MILLIONAIRES' MILE: THE UPPER EAST SIDE,'' Manhattan, an exploration of the private clubs, palatial houses and cultural institutions of this landmark district.
I want to impress my client with how clever I am, but it goes deeper than that.
Mr. Starr is believed to be pursuing suggestions that Mr. Clinton might have lied in a deposition in the Paula Corbin Jones sexual misconduct civil suit about whether the President had a sexual relationship with Ms. Lewinsky or might have sought to have Ms. Lewinsky lie.
Fassel said he wanted to keep both Widmer and Bratzke.
''Rob tends to get more into the psychology behind the scene,'' Ms. Anderson said.
Ms. Mendoza also kept making records with Egrem, the state record label of Cuba, singing songs from the Santeria religion of Cuba, mambos, rancheras and guaguancos.
An exception for Casey Martin will not hurt the sport.
The ambitious recreation seeker can choose from 40 separate festivities.
Tonight, I made the points and he didn't.''
If Mr. van Miert gets his way, the three Hollywood studios will have to set up separate distribution organizations.
Add mushrooms, and saute until lightly browned.
Lisa Raymond of the United States outlasted Romania's Ruxandra Dragomir, 3-6, 6-2, 6-4, in yesterday's only other match.
has responded by threatening further strikes this autumn at important parts factories in Dayton, Ohio, and Indianapolis, where workers also want G.M.
What are the duties of your office?
''Patients didn't have a good understanding of their prognosis,'' Dr.
Directors were asked to expound on a theme.
The authorities were unable to decontaminate about 50 percent of the belongings in those homes, he said.
For all their effort, the Lakers held a 1-point lead heading into the final quarter.
The younger devotees of the series, who seem to be legion, have a habit of dutifully rereading the complete gospel before each addition.
The measure would push Federal agencies to decide whether to turn these commercial activities over to private companies.
Voters in the fast-growing, once-rural district approved $34.4 million in bonds on Dec. 1 to build a new elementary school and pur additions on five existing schools.
But lately, evangelism has gone commercial in a big way, with sales of Christian music, fiction, clothing and now candy.
By the way, Torre reported that the injured relievers Jeff Nelson and Darren Holmes might begin minor league rehabilitation assignments this weekend and could rejoin the Yankees soon after that.
Watching intently from behind another gate was Jasper, an 8-year-old paint whose sinus was shattered by a blow to his face.
The production, directed by David Leveaux, began life last year in England at the Chichester Festival, before moving to the Donmar Warehouse in London.
The hijacked plane was used on Tuesday to fly rebel troops from rebel-held areas in the east across Congo to the west, where they opened a second front in the insurrection against Mr. Kabila.
TRAINING -- French Culinary Institute, New York.
Shostakovich is a specialty of Mr. Janson's, and one in which he continues to make strides.
To the ''Binlids'' characters, played by 18 actors from Northern Ireland, amateurs and professionals, the picture the world has been given of their community has been vilely distorted.
Yet and he other sports leagues owners also say they provide a service in which mailroom clerks and chief executives can compete and become friends over beers afterward.
That strategy was the company's latest ill-fated attempt to resolve congestion resulting from its $5.4 billion acquisition of the Southern Pacific Rail Corporation in 1996.
Patrons often get so attached to their fish friends that they ask to take the bowls and their occupants home.
Just beginning to emerge from virtual bankruptcy, the provincial Government still pays its employees with locally printed money, currency as worthless as Monopoly bills as soon as it is taken across the provincial borders.
This building will be a fire and living hazard for those around it.
Its stock rose 18.75 cents, to $11.6875.
Mr. Scully said he thought the investment group, which could not be reached for comment, was planning to open another restaurant in the space.
Diagram: ''How It Works'' In a liquid crystal display (L.C.D.
Admission: $4; $2, students and the elderly (Smith) Galleries: Uptown * ARSHILE GORKY, ''Paintings and Drawings 1929-1942,'' Gagosian, 980 Madison Avenue, at 76th Street, (212) 744-2313 (through Jan. 9).
From his family, Mitchell Johnson had stolen something, too, investigators said: his parents' gray '91 Dodge van, which the boys had parked about a half mile away.
So a month ago, the World Food Program began providing elementary schools with high nutrition biscuits for children aged 7 to 12.
''For every rock singer who makes a zillion dollars, there's a group that's barely able to eke it out,'' Mr. Batterberry said.
Tonight and tomorrow, 9:30 P.M. to 1:30 A.M. Cover: $10.
''I'd say 30 percent of the guys won't come back March 2.
''It wouldn't solve the problem.''
Chuck Hill, director of research for First Call, which tracks earnings estimates, said yesterday that analysts' projections of growth in 1998 operating earnings for the companies in the S.& P. 500 index had declined to 5.3 percent in recent days, from a previous level of 5.7 percent.
''Whale Music,'' a Rattlestick Production directed by Alison Summers, offers some nice performances and some humor, but little new insight.
Mr. Kleinkopf was relieved, but his wife missed the old neighborhood keenly.
But when he arrived in the late 1970's, he said, there was still night life around the waterfront, centered on the Stone Pony, the club Bruce Springsteen made famous (it is still open).
The Democratic candidate, Thomas G. Ganim, a brother of Mayor Joseph Ganim of Bridgeport, is running against John McKinney, son of the deceased Congressman Stewart B. McKinney.
Performances: today at 2 P.M.; Tuesday and next Sunday at 7 P.M.; Wednesday at 2 and 8 P.M.; Thursday through Saturday at 8 P.M. (914) 358-6333
The choice of uncompressed stereo still allows for listening in surround sound through any home audio system with Dolby Pro Logic, which derives center and rear ''fill'' from the left and right stereo channels.
He was the son of the late Lewis G. and Mary Wargo Schaeneman Sr. Mr. Schaeneman was formerly of East Longmeadow, MA.
And children can pick pumpkins, take a hayride or wander through a variety of mazes.
A full 1999-2000 opera season will start in October of next year with ''Turandot,'' the Puccini opera that was next on the program when the fire broke out.
For Chrysler and the others, ''1998 we think has to be considered a riskier year than 1997,'' he said.
D. Eng; Stevens Institute of Technology.
Barry E. McNamara, an associate professor of education at Dowling College in Oakdale, said that 85 percent of students are not involved in bullying and that such behavior must not be tolerated.
The President's problems most clearly posed a problem for Mr. Schumer, who has been a strong supporter of Mr. Clinton and whose evident desire to recruit the President's help in his campaign may have been hamstrung by his seat on the Judiciary Committee, which would oversee any impeachment process.
The department said it had to award the contract to MBNA because no one else had bid.
How horriable is the day,'' Lewis and Clark wrote of a typical winter afternoon on the Northwest coast in 1806.
After the two chatted briefly, Mr. Gore said, ''We'll be in touch with you on that,'' and handed Mr. Wright's card to an aide.
Today's events included girls sitting in boardrooms across the country, creating Web sites in the Internet, roaming the nation's Capitol, joining movie sets in Los Angeles and observing surgery in Chicago.
She will be involved with the Constructive Youth Council, which does neighborhood-based planning in public safety, education and other areas.
That would help the Green Bay defense, which is suited for grass.
The party was plagued by contention between its left and right wings.
inspector, Mary C. B. Acton.
He is survived by his wife, Helen; four children from his first marriage, Larry of Los Gatos, Calif., Robert of Phoenix, Linda Dunn of Chicago and Nancy Beigel Sher of New York; a stepdaughter, Cathy Smith Sapin; a stepson, Michael Tash; 10 grandchildren and six great-grandchildren.
''We have to get the products out of the ground and develop them.
05-23-98 That kind of athleticism helped give Karl Malone, John Stockton and the aging Utah Jazz the youthful impetus they needed tonight to take Game 3 of the Western Conference finals and put the Lakers' season on the ledge.
Calipari constructed his contract with a clause that allows him to leave after the 1998-99 season.
What I'm going to do is get treatment twice a day, three times a day, and hopefully I can be back in like a week.
Judge Norma Holloway Johnson of Federal District Court accepted the criminal information -- a recitation of the 17 felony charges -- and the fine of $8.5 million, the maximum available under the export control laws.
PAST PERFORMANCES Are the skaters' past performances taken into consideration?
A telephone call late Friday to the company's headquarters in Philadelphia was answered by a recording that stated the office was closed.
NEW JERSEY STATE MUSEUM Photographs by the winners of the 1997 Nikon International Small World Competition.
To save it all, count 65.
But the Finance Minister appeared anxious to counter some of the harshest criticism the nuclear tests on May 11 and 13 have prompted in India.
The Ford Motor Company has 11 parts factories in Mexico; Chrysler has none.
Hitting True to Form It happened as it should have.
Nor should anyone forget the power of television to foster indelible images in the national memory -- not unlike what happened on the solemn August noontime in 1974 when I stood in the East Room and declared our long national nightmare to be over.
To allow the hearing to proceed, Senator Trent Lott of Mississippi, the majority leader, put the Senate in recess and took the unusual step of escorting Mr. Ritter to the witness table in the packed hearing room.
Devoted father of Amy Penn, Michael, and Samantha D'Olivera.
Although I have started thinking, ''September already?''
The latter is a highly praised work about a young girl who creates a storm of controversy by being a Holocaust survivor.
''She never said, 'You have to be a saxophone player.'
The building, formerly home to the Bentwood Rocking Chair Factory, has much of its original detail, like exposed brick walls and wooden beams in the suites.
He gave as an example Mr. Hope's radio shows for NBC, recordings of which are already in the Library of Congress.
Fears that a market collapse could affect banks are old hat, these descendants of Dr. Pangloss insist.
She and her sister were selected for their roles by Mr. Legrand and Demy (who died in 1990) over actresses more famous at the time: Brigitte Bardot and Geraldine Chaplin, and Ms. Bardot and Jeanne Moreau.
LAST May, for the first time in the history of the Cannes Film Festival, two Danish films were in competition.
Washington goalie Olaf Kolzig had to make several spectacular saves, including one on Brendan Shanahan only a few seconds before Larionov's goal.
A quarter of a century ago, no one expected vast numbers of people to live well into their 80's and 90's; those who did, the thinking went, would eventually move back North, to be near their children.
Container shipping consolidated dockwork to fewer and fewer spots.
Bulgaria is not the only place where rebels and rogues shop.
(''Today Forever'' had a hard-bitten, Black Sabbath-like riff.)
For four years, the Bensons have been renovating -- and reinventing -- with an imaginative approach toward restoration that only amateurs would attempt.
But recent maulings in Canada have persuaded law-enforcement officials to assign a man to patrol the area -- just in case.
in New York, estimated that ''just under 60 percent'' of Abbott Mead's revenue of $176.6 million comes from such services.
When incidents like this one come along, it may be pertinent to recall other dramatic television moments (to stay just with Los Angeles), from the Rodney King beating to the O. J. Simpson car chase to the ghetto riots, that were owed to hand-held cameras or to helicopters or to news directors doing their jobs.
Starting at 10:30 A.M. and growing thicker as the gray afternoon declined to gray evening, the fog delayed several hundred arriving flights up to one hour, and the spillover effect caused departure delays of up to two and a half hours, Bill Cahill, a spokesman for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, said.
FloJo ran with style; critics said that with 6-inch fingernails and with bodysuits, her career was a triumph of style over substance.
That was a great year.
''Unfortunately for the people who are displaced, this takes time.''
Tin is soft and pliable.
Late last year, John T. Dillon, the company's chairman and chief executive, hired J. Chris Scalet, the current information officer, away from Mapco Inc., an energy company, and gave him responsibility for using computers to make money, not tons of product.
Died peacefully in his sleep at home on April 21, 1998.
The records turned over to a Federal grand jury under a subpoena in the Lewinsky investigation are those of Ms. Lewinsky; her mother, Marcia Lewis; a former White House volunteer, Kathleen E. Willey; Nathan Landow, a Maryland developer, and a former Willey friend, Julie Steele.
''Creativity can be found here -- this is the place for creativity,'' Miloslav Cardinal Vlk said today, banging on a podium in Rome.
Drive up and down Central Avenue in nearby Toledo, the main street for auto dealerships, and at first glance nothing is wrong.
Mr. Muhammad, a former aide to Louis Farrakhan, the minister of the Nation of Islam, wants to hold the rally in Harlem on Sept. 5.
''Children seem to need a firm foundation in one language before going on to another one,'' said Ms. Beals.
Syracuse (20-5, 9-4 Big East) won its third straight game and avenged Villanova's 10-point victory in last year's Big East tournament.
''Ernie was putting for par on almost every hole,'' Love would say later, alluding to Els's three-over-par 38 before he withdrew after the front nine.
Regular admission: $4; the elderly and those 6 to 18, $2.50; 5 and under, free.
The fashion house is evoked by the head of a model surrounded by lilies.
So on Aug. 5, Saddam once again banned inspection.
And that raises the inevitable question: What do the new tenants do with them?
There were circles in prisons and country stores.
What hasn't changed, it appears, is the reflex by Presidents to demonize their most vocal critics, lumping them together in a vast conspiracy.
We all took a lot of hits, and rightfully so for how we reacted.''
They talked sports together, and watched previous films by Mr. Roy and Mr. Stern.
The play, a biographical drama at the Gramercy Theater about the blues singer Dinah Washington, is a seriously flawed work; disjointed and warmed over, it feels like the theatrical equivalent of what's known in the journalism trade as a clip job.
Uwe Krupp, a free agent from Colorado, arrives to bolster the defense as Slava Fetisov retires.
His father is the managing partner in Turkel Collaborative Architects in Manhattan.
(Beyond short-term bills, the party says that it has whittled its debt to just over $4 million, far less than the Democrats.)
The jury, which includes two women, will determine the fate of a man who was the Army's highest-ranking enlisted soldier.
Here are excerpts from a recent conversation with Mr. Weis: Q.
Mr. Staple said his clients were not so much convinced that the assertions of the animal rights' group were true but ''it was more the fear of publicity and attracting PETA's attention.''
But Roxanne Motamedi, photo editor at the Gamma Liaison agency, begged to differ.
On the table on Monday, when Mr. Yeltsin meets with leaders from both houses of Parliament, will be a political agreement that calls for a redistribution of the considerable powers conferred on the President under the 1993 Constitution, which he himself drew up.
And the discounters' efforts to add to the number of trendy products lining their shelves, like fluted goblets, candles and aromatherapy oils, are also helping them attract customers.
He has declined to provide more details of his relationship with Ms. Lewinsky.
It hurts all the time.
Microsoft's tactics in the browser market are the main focus of the Government's case.
Lucas Davenport pursues the killer of a C.E.O.
Crane Hits Tram Over River A crane working on the Queensboro Bridge hit a Roosevelt Island tramway car, terrifying riders but resulting in only minor injuries.
Procedures for resolving jurisdictional disputes.
Or -- hey -- even a 46-year-old.
blamed an increasingly competitive market and the discovery that some contracts would be less profitable than anticipated.
Mr. Schwartz said Mr. O'Neill had told prosecutors that he helped fix the ballots with the local's former president, Joseph DeCanio, who pleaded guilty 11 days ago to charges of embezzling more than $50,000 in the sale of turkeys to other locals and trying to fix an election within the highway local.
Sure, conventional wisdom would hold that Saturday is the perfect day to celebrate St. Valentine, but it actually has the opposite effect, raising the psychological limbo bar up to New Year's Eve anxiety levels.
''Compare that to the $400-a-foot replacement cost,'' he said.
''Changes in the industry have fundamentally altered the competitive landscape, and Texaco must respond in order to improve its position,'' said John J. O'Connor, president of Texaco's exploration and production operations.
She pulled the covers over her head with some solace: Jerry would be home on Saturday morning.
After all he had meant to the Ewing era, after all the millions spent to upgrade the roster with veteran talent, they just decided to slog on without him, in their unlikely pursuit of a title.
SGL is a unit of Hoechst.
Or as Shea put it, ''It feels like a gorilla is off my back after this one.''
The enduring image of the Western Conference finals will not arouse curiosity on Madison Avenue today: the balding power forward who uses a hair-growth product receiving a pass from a 36-year-old point guard with a surgically repaired knee.
He's as quiet as can be.
Known for exacting standards, she attracted noted authors and helped McGraw Hill establish its reputation for quality.
''It's possible, for example, that we're not having the same success in reaching out to young pregnant women to receive prenatal care in some of those communities, that there is more teen-age pregnancy or that possibly substance abuse in those communities is still higher,'' he said.
The museum also includes a shop, restaurant, lecture theater and cinema, as well as roof terrace affording panoramic views of Edinburgh.
And cycling is not alone.
The Senate approved the bill unanimously; the General Assembly voted 70 to 3 in favor, with little debate.
But Graves said that Ranger fans should not start planning the Stanley Cup parade route after one victory.
In neighboring Charlotte County, where he was the appointed sheriff from 1985 to 1986, he forbade his deputies from having blood alcohol levels of more than 0.05 percent (or half the legal limit for drivers at the time) while driving off duty and from dating each other.
In separate interviews, Mr. Spitzer and Ms. McCaughey Ross defended their donations, saying they were intended to bolster local Democratic apparatuses that have withered since Mr. Pataki won in 1994.
''You're starting to seen some developers awakening to that here as well,'' said Mr. Smiros.
But for now it is still a game, and here is how it works: After a free sign-up, a player receives an HSX account with $2 million in electronic scrip and is urged to start trading.
Asked what career he would pursue after he left the House, Mr. Paxon pointed out, jokingly, that he held two degrees, one in political science and the other in journalism.
After a neighbor learns of Mary's plight and takes her to England for a legal abortion, Mary becomes a pawn in an Irish political battle that is as much about self-righteousness and spite as it is about morality.
Then maybe you get lucky.''
Most of the time, the product is actually a form of winter squash, because they have more flavor than the somewhat bland pumpkin flesh.
Blight is such a serious problem that the E.P.A.
''Most of what was learned was obvious or could have been learned in simulations.
The neighborhood came to be known as Bronzeville after the Chicago Bee, a black newspaper of the time, held a contest in 1930 to elect a ''mayor of Bronzeville.''
Washington dropped three and a half games behind the Knicks in the race for the last playoff berth in the Eastern Conference.
In the central square, a towering statue of Vladimir Lenin still stands, his back to the city, a huge, dark arm stretching out to the river.
Once a player, always a player.''
The Mayor set up the commission to forestall an effort by Mr. Vallone to put a referendum on the ballot in November that could bar the city from spending money for a stadium for the Yankees in Manhattan.
Devoted mother of Ruth Mindling, Lew Spence and Evelyn (Jerome Dilloff).
But because she is dead, some voters have begun asking, why couldn't party leaders name a substitute for her at that point, a procedure followed in many states when a nominee dies or otherwise cannot run?
In her 30's, after being admitted to the District of Columbia Bar, she married right on the schedule she had mapped for herself.
One-third of the total, or 10.88 trillion won, may never be recovered because they were not secured by property, the bank supervision agency said.
One of the more noteworthy of the many documents that have poured out of the opened archives of the former Soviet Union is this autobiography in the form of a novel by Nikolai Bukharin, generally regarded as the most prominent of the Bolshevik leaders killed in the Stalinist purges of 1937 and 1938.
If you can say these three things, no one dies in desperation or despair.''
The layout at East Lake, where the legendary Bobby Jones learned to play golf, will present a formidable challenge.
As for using proxy data to detect a man-made greenhouse effect, he said, ''I don't think we're ever going to get to the point where we're going to be totally convincing.''
Other fascinating bulbs to try belong to the iris clan, particularly the tall and elegant Dutch iris with their two-tone flowers and spearlike foliage.
With a half-grin, half-grimace, he added, ''Plus, I've got a dozen team members who are going to get on my case if I don't do my job properly.''
Without his early work, it is impossible to understand where this later music came from or to judge it fairly.
In love with the classical theater, with Petruchio and Claudio already on his resume, the actor appears ready for a one-man ''R and J.''
Traditionally, editors of scientific publications have called on experts, or peers, to review the findings submitted for publication to check on the methods that researchers used to justify their conclusions.
Noting that this work could take years, the museum directors suggested that it might require additional money but they have yet to consider how much or where it would come from.
National has struggled in recent quarters, in part because the Asian economic crisis has sharply curtailed sales of some key products, and partly because of manufacturing problems at the Cyrix Corporation, which National acquired last year for about $550 million.
''Already people remodeling their kitchens are calling me to ask where they can get one,'' Mr. Stech-Novak said.
Last March, he waded into a dispute about whether Mr. Tung had attempted to muzzle the government-owned broadcaster, Radio Television Hong Kong, at the behest of China.
The store's clothes are only for the very well-heeled, the woman who thinks nothing of buying a cashmere camisole for $700 or a custom-made V-neck four-ply cashmere sweater, like the one Madonna wore on the cover of the March issue of Vanity Fair, for $1,328.
If anything, his hyperbole has grown with age.
(''I'll beg forgiveness, play the whole redemption bit.'')
(''Friendly and normal'' is the way she recalled him.
A reading of Schumann's ''Marchenbilder'' (Op.
The apple orchard on Guy Hunt's farm here is fragrant with new blossoms, and for the former Alabama Governor, recently pardoned from a felony ethics conviction, this springtime is unquestionably a season of rebirth.
Adored Meema Buddy to Dayle, Patti, Diane and Judy, greatgrandmother to Artemis, Ariel and Jaron.
His brother Boubacar, who helps manage his business affairs, has begun promoting young rappers.
The renovation changed the house's long horizontal roof line, Mr. O'Brien explained.
Mr. Hampton had the bone marrow disease myelodysplasia, which arose from a treatment for lung cancer.
As Norma McCorvey, better known as the Roe of Roe v. Wade, looks back on her life tonight, it is a search for some sort of appreciation, esteem, hugging.
She took to the podium and conducted symphony orchestras in the United States, Canada and Japan, offering music she thought children would like, especially the sounds of Beethoven, Bizet, Mozart and Stravinsky.
Fifth Avenue Synagogue records with profound sorrow the passing of its esteemed member, beloved wife of Jacob, and extends heartfelt sympathy to the bereaved family.
When one resident, a hairdresser married to Angie's sister Krystal (Dee Smart), tries to climb his way out, he is shot to death.
Then Burton, whose shaved-head brilliance has led to comparisons with the Brazilian star Ronaldo, proceeded to score four goals in the next five matches and Jamaica secured its place in the 32-team World Cup field.
Geometric shapes flickered and moired across a giant screen above the stage in the World Financial Center's Winter Garden on Wednesday night.
K, the heaviest pipe, is used primarily for underground lines outdoors.
''They are pulling in their horns, sitting and waiting,'' Mr. Heiberger said.
The three are Juan Lopez, 18, of Bath Beach, Alexander Rendon, 22, and Dario Cruz, 23, both of Sunset Park.
While the Japanese Government this month announced a temporary income tax cut amounting to $558 a household, on top of a previous one-time cut of $138, many economists and business executives think it will take something much more fundamental to persuade the Japanese consumer to shop with abandon.
Administration decisions to help Chinese technology carry missiles to target and to ignore Chinese dispatch of nuclear technology to Pakistan led India to prove its own nuclear capabilities by testing them.
is the way he described it in a telephone interview.
Last season he played in all 16 Giants games and started three.
The S.& P. figures, based on quarterly earnings reports, allow companies to take such costs all at once.
''Obviously the United States knows and respects the Foreign Minister, Primakov,'' said Michael D. McCurry, the White House spokesman.
* ''JEWELS OF THE ROMANOVS,'' treasures of the Russian Imperial Court, Brooklyn Museum of Art, 200 Eastern Parkway, at Prospect Park, (718) 638-5000 (through July 12).
To the Editor: As the parent of a first grader at Public School 3 in Manhattan, I am confused about the school uniforms plan (front page, March 19).
The sweeping creates friction on the ice, and enables the rock to travel straighter and farther.
But company officials have also offered newer faces.
Mr. Malkin had also lost out in the bidding for One Penn Plaza, a 2.4 million-square-foot tower next to Madison Square Garden that is being sold to Vornado Realty Trust for $420 million.
Steve Pelle, who is 88 years old, has sold items at the market for many years, accepts that bargaining is part of the process, but he feels that customers have taken it too far.
Ms. Jones alleged that while he was the Governor of Arkansas, President Clinton sexually harassed her during an incident in a Little Rock hotel room.
Will Gibson take more time off if he wins this weekend?
As a rookie with the Giants, he made friends with Brown quickly, staying in the background as he learned the game.
The request by Yankees Manager Joe Torre that Maury Wills leave the Toronto bench during their game Monday did not go over well with the Blue Jays.
More than a dozen people were injured at Open Door Church in Birmingport, west of Birmingham, where church members sang hymns and prayed as the storm pounded the structure, witnesses said.
The 30-something architects joined up to fabricate and market their work.
Another artist who has used the collograph technique to make her work here is Sandra Ramos, whose color prints represent her as a sort of Alice in Wonderland observing an upside-down world.
Indeed, it seems that this self-described nonwriter, who said in a 1990 interview that it wasn't until he looked at actual movie scripts that he learned that character names go in the middle of the page, did bang out comedy sketches back in law school for the annual follies.
J. Baker officials had approved of the computer's design when it was installed, Mr. Jackson said.
''We can get some background on how to proceed before something becomes a full-blown incident.''
More than a word game, it's a window on Ms. Marshall's choreography.
''Mind you, this is a group of one or two or three at the most.
''Polaroid is not reinventing the wheel, but it is repackaging it,'' said Gibboney Huske, an analyst with the Credit Suisse First Boston Corporation.
''Not to have a wage-reimbursement program today is a terrible thing,'' said Jerry Wade, a research economist at the Department of Business and Economic Development in Maryland.
'' A Change in Focus No Longer Praying For Missionaries As a child, Steve Haas always ended his bedtime prayers with a plea to the Lord to protect the American missionary families he knew who were risking their lives to share the Gospel in Asia, Africa and Latin America.
This huge serving -- the takeout container is more of a tub than a bowl -- includes romaine lettuce topped with a double handful of rock shrimp and then garnished with grilled sweet onions, black bean salsa, little wedges of acorn squash, roasted potatoes and crisp tortilla strips that underscore the Southwestern flavor of the smoky dressing.
Having undergone a court-supervised divestiture in 1984, the corporation decided a decade later that it was still too big and could succeed only by voluntarily dismantling itself into three separate companies.
Few people are familiar with mutton chops these days either, but Keens continues to serve them, along with more than 60 single-malt Scotches.
If a November referendum giving the Legislature authority to control horse racing is approved, lawmakers are likely to allow off-track betting and telephone wagering, industry watchers say.
Sets through Sunday are at 9:30 and 11:30 P.M.; cover price is $27.50 at the tables, with a $5 minimum; at the bar, $15 and a one-drink minimum (Ben Ratliff).
Today at 11 A.M. Tickets: $7 and $8.
Viewers have heard worse updates of the marriage vows.
Seven years later, the family moved again to Goffstown, N.H., where he graduated from high school with several published articles to his credit in the national magazine Tennis Illustrated.
All biological weapon charges were dropped against two men arrested by Federal authorities in Nevada last month in an anthrax scare.
Investment Program at Scudder Kemper Investments in New York.
Latisha began crying as she told the jury in Justice L. Priscilla Hall's courtroom that Mr.
Two of the identifying 20's hang down as if by accident.
Sang's living costs and education in the United States; $80,000 has been raised, mostly in small donations from Chinese-Americans.
than he was in college.
Andreychuk missed yesterday's practice to nurse a bruised sternum he sustained in the late stages of the 3-1 loss to Tampa Bay on Sunday.
He has five daughters, including Luciana, 22, who lies curled into herself in the corner of a back room, laughing wildly and unpredictably, after an operation to remove a brain tumor two years ago went awry.
So, if he comes to your town, go out and catch a piece of history.
It has also added about 400 members -- including travel agencies, hotels, airlines and cruise lines -- since last May.
Three burqa-clad figures floated closer to her as she spoke and began to giggle with delight at her forthrightness.
Triangle Pacific, based in Dallas, has about 5,400 employees.
In a few high-technology companies, such support staff make as much as $100,000.
Though manufacturing has resumed, ''demand from wholesalers remains extremely uncertain, and the prospects for the company in Russia remain problematic,'' he said.
Her mother cried the day she graduated from the Police Academy, but yesterday, Chief Perlov said, her mother was ''incredibly proud -- she's busting.''
The Government is at war with the militant Islamists, the Gamaat Islamiyya, and in its defense of order it has centralized power, warding off both the demands of the middle classes for political participation and the emergence of a broadly based, popular regime.
''This sends the wrong message to the world and to India and Pakistan,'' said James P. Rubin, the State Department spokesman, in Washington.
DEAN DIERSCHOW caressed his prized green and yellow British Petroleum marble.
Mr. Craig tracked down Mr. Wright's relatives, who confirmed he had told them he lied.
The Grammy list suggests a robust answer, which is that the best classical contemporary composition is the one that sounds most like the classical music we know.
''You have to remember, remember.''
Common Sense members want residents to have a chance to decide that for themselves in a town-wide referendum.
The end of the cold war has brought a welcome shift away from Washington's blind support of repressive militaries and toward initiatives that train civilian leaders in defense issues and build relationships with them.
''We are definitely interested in exploring the leasing market in Japan,'' said Mary C. Horne, a spokeswoman for GE Capital.
The mender will replace this section and join the two lengths together.
After his return to space on Oct. 29, there were parades for Mr. Glenn, who is 77 years old, in New York and Washington.
At the state fair in Syracuse, Mr. Green found himself rebuffed in his efforts to greet and shake the hands of passers-by.
To triumph in the theater world, directors have to succeed within the institutions that best support it.
Notice of memorial service at a later date.
(''A few years too soon,'' he said.)
Five years ago, it was estimated that only 5 percent of the Internet's users were women, but today the figure is nearly 50 percent, and women are projected to become a majority in the next several years.
So, obviously, does the son: He is a filmmaker, writer and illustrator (and goose egg painter) who has turned his father's lost journey into his latest and most personal children's book, ''Tibet: Through the Red Box.''
Charles G. Newbery performed the ceremony at St. James' Episcopal Church in Prouts Neck, Me.
Monthly rates range from $5,200 to $14,000.
125 North Maple Avenue, Ridgewood.
But these three talented artists have something to show for their travels on the folk circuit: they have played with a plethora of singers and songwriters from labels great and small.
As much as Childs has struggled as a Knick -- not clicking with either the Patrick Ewing-oriented offense or the current one without the injured center -- he is only half of the point guard problem.
Johnson, who has beaten Jackson in the major championships over the past four years, placed second in 13.42.
In 36 countries, the post offices no longer run the national phone systems.
Oddly, its timeliness is heightened, not diminished, by its late publication in America (the 50th anniversary of India's independence was last year) because of the recent rise to power of the B.J.P.
On Saturday, Secretary General Kofi Annan of the United Nations said Mr. Beye had been ''traveling in the region in yet another attempt to seek support of African leaders in overcoming the present crisis'' over the agreement that ended Angola's long civil war.
Then attach one bracket directly to the cross brace with wood screws.
The new division leader is Michael Braun, chief executive of a software company.
Desert Thunder, as Pentagon planners have named the military campaign, was born.
JENNIFER M. FARLEY Darien, Conn.
The development of this law included consultations with the country's poor people.
Cordant, which recently changed its name from the Thiokol Corporation, had $890 million in sales in the year that ended June 30, 1997.
For the remainder of the evening, the singers, accompanied by a well-rehearsed theater orchestra led by Paul Gemignani, offered a fast-moving succession of star turns that ranged from the polished to the dazzling.
''You want a cost-benefit analysis,'' said George J. Borjas, a professor of public policy at Harvard University.
Amy knew she was pregnant for months and could have obtained help but, in her own selfish way, planned to do away with this baby.
His gestures and manner were polished, not crude.''
''Basically, we're just ordinary taxpaying citizens trying to save a little on gas and get where we're going,'' said Susan Buck, the East Coast editor of Thunder Press, a monthly Harley-Davidson enthusiast magazine.
Ms. McBeath said there has also been a huge expansion in the number of kidney dialysis stations opened.
''And I don't think most people would be either.''
The rest of the program was devoted to plotless energy studies.
I don't think that intensity was there as a team.
Ms. Roberts said that was ridiculous, that Wilder was a wonderful playwright and Ms. Rodgers should leave his plays alone.
They were fighting and fighting; they were just looking to fight.''
''We've got to come out tomorrow and win.''
Mr. McCain added about Mr. Clinton: ''He is putting our young people in danger.
Next Sun., 9:15 A.M., ''Easter Carillon'' by W. Leonard Beck, with children's choir.
She supplied the sheer dazzle that Liszt demanded, but she made the concerto's gentler sections sing as well.
It went on to say the complications stemmed from local and general anesthesia administered during a liposuction procedure.
The Senate voted to direct its Rules Committee to examine the procedures and precedents.
We carefully picked four, handed over our money to the expatriate British owner, Beatrice Owen, and walked away, giving ourselves high-fives on what we thought was the deal of the century.
On Jan. 21, as news of the accusations involving Monica S. Lewinsky came out, Mr. Clinton told National Public Radio: ''I don't know any more about it than I've told you, and any more about it, really, than you do.''
Mayor Delfino has been euphoric since learning last month that Tishman Speyer Properties and Loews Theaters, a Sony company, plan to open a 24-screen, 5,200-seat theater in the heart of a shopping district that has been down on its luck of late, but -- like an aging star with a new role to play -- poised for a comeback.
Now, the pendulum could swing.
Sugar Yoshinaga and Yumiko Ohno, the band's two singers, played guitar and bass for hard-rock drones and switched to keyboards for neo-disco drones; in deadpan voices, they sang about whimsical, unglamorous juxtapositions like ''Socks, Drugs and Rock-and-Roll.''
Favored by 11 against Idaho on Christmas night, they won by 59-57.
George E. Pataki vetoed the appropriation, he promised that the Health Department would finance the study from its own budget.
The relationship between suffering and beauty, pleasure and pain, is key to understanding Ms. Rama's work.
The talks have stalled over issues of pay and job security.
The boy, David Ryan Keeley, was found dead from blunt trauma to the head in the apartment of his aunt and uncle on Aug. 12.
But the film's graphic violence and cursing, even after Mr. Scorsese had edited it for television, made that seem impossible -- especially in the last few years, with the national debate over sex and violence on television and the need for a content ratings system.
The New West, with most of the nation's public land, is overwhelmingly urban, containing 9 of the 10 fastest-growing states in the nation.
Inspector Martin said that both Mr. Jenkins, of Passaic, N.J., and Mr. Nicklas, of Woodside, Queens, have minor criminal records, though neither has a history of Santa impersonation.
In part, the renewed vigor is a consequence of two related economic trends: the deregulation of certain industries and the unparalleled wave of business mergers and acquisitions.
A perennial favorite of the graduates continues to be veterinary school, while others major in marine biology and plant science.
There's a program on how to integrate courses for the gifted and talented into New Jersey's core curriculum standards.
The connection of the first 13.5-mile segment of the new water tunnel to distribution pipes in parts of the Bronx, Manhattan and Queens is a major milestone for the project, which has long been billed as the biggest public works project in America.
They are probably a minority of all hypertension patients, but their evolving medical histories may shed light on the course of high blood pressure in other people as well.
The Senate primary came to a quick and genial end within less than 90 minutes after the polls closed.
The study blames the laws for the increase in prison spending.
Nobody can doubt that this meeting was delayed to give him a pre-Election Day boost, but an October surprise has long been a Presidential perk.
''I like cars,'' he said.
Shakespeare's romantic tale presented by Hudson Valley Shakespeare Festival.
Under the settlement, strikers will receive a letter of reprimand that is to be removed from their personnel files after six months.
South African troops rolled into Lesotho last week expecting to quickly put an end to weeks of political turmoil that had paralyzed the Government of its neighbor.
Hours: Tuesdays through Fridays, 10 A.M. to 4:30 P.M.; Saturdays and Sundays, noon to 5 P.M. Rutgers University, George and Hamilton Streets, New Brunswick.
Bowness called the loss a heartbreaker.
The world's finance ministers and central bankers ended five days of debate today with nothing approaching a strategy to lift the global markets out of their downward spiral, but a with a plethora of new ideas that some officials insisted would ultimately bear fruit.
Gilbert's most notable victory occurred last July, when he captured the Ford Senior Players Championship at the TPC of Michigan course in Dearborn.
Because of this situation, designers don't even do summer collections anymore, but instead include summery clothes in their late spring deliveries, affording them a short shelf life.
If it takes time, hopefully they'll stick with me and let me develop.''
Anyone who turns on the ''The X Files'' is bound to be struck by the distinctive look: murky, mysterious and just a little bit threatening.
The company will cut 750 jobs in Santa Clara, Calif., where it is based, and 600 at its plant in Austin, Tex.
There was no claim of responsibility, but suspicion fell on the Armed Islamic Group, the insurgency's most violent movement, which has claimed responsibility for past bombings and massacres.
The Scope The Range of Jobs Is Large and Growing The range of workfare jobs -- and displacement -- is vast.
Harvard's Kennedy School, under its dean, Joseph S. Nye, has been on a shopping spree, with handsome offers currently out to five economists, including Alan Krueger and Ken Rogoff at Princeton.
He quoted Deborah Dwork, the Clark University director of the Center for Holocaust Studies.
''I heard her say 'Whitney, Whitney,' and then let go,'' Whitney told The Associated Press.
Students as well as the Epic label say the concerts were canceled because the band members are openly gay, but principals, among them Edwin Hedgepath of Knoxville, maintain that there was no way to make sure the band wouldn't use profanity in front of students.
Gathering Names Of Candidates Michael Holroyd, the biographer and chairman of the Royal Society of Literature, said the job should evolve when the new laureate takes office.
''I think it shows she has tremendous heart.
is encouraging, they should give back all the money they've raised in the last 30 years.''
Weeks This Last On Week Week List Fiction 1 1 26 COLD MOUNTAIN, by Charles Frazier.
Mr. Taniguchi appeared visibly pleased with the relatively meditative mood of West 54th Street.
Serious injuries in livery accidents, including severe cuts, broken bones, and other internal injuries also increased during the decade, to about 800 in 1997 from 675 in 1990.
A flurry of photography shows is scheduled in Paris throughout November.
Most were dirt-poor villages that slowly bled to death starting in the 1950's as a majority of Spain's agricultural workers left for better-paying jobs in the burgeoning cities.
Looking ahead to the referendums and the effort required to put today's plan into place, Mr. Blair said, ''I stress that this is the beginning of a process of change where people can work together in ways that they haven't been able to before.''
This scenario, however would result in a much longer dark age than now appears to be the case.
Whether or not Mr. Coulter deserved to walk the plank, he did so without much financial pain.
So the tireless tourism promoter herself grumbles about the crowds?
Also at Bergdorf's are Lola's imaginative and whimsical concoctions, including a pagoda-style hat in natural straw dotted with black raffia daisies, for $265.
''Perhaps the single biggest obstacle to maintaining progressive reforms is the extensive skill needed to teach both subjects and students well,'' Dr. Darling-Hammond wrote.
This was an allusion to a journalistic adage that was taken up in the 1940's by Hearst's International News Service: ''Get It First, but First Get It Right.''
Over the years, on-line chat has earned a reputation as the seamy underbelly of cyberspace -- a magnet for misfits who live out their role-playing fantasies under the cloak of Internet anonymity.
Such legislation, however, would certainly be challenged as a violation of Israel's obligations under international law.
Prosecutors say that information was then provided to Mr. Edwards, who in turn sent it to Mr. DeBartolo.
And as they work their way through liberal arts colleges black students generally receive lower grades and graduate at a lower rate.
But subsequent cablegrams call Mr. Posada a ''serious potential liability.''
The idea of several secretly competing groups, of three different levels of betrayal, is marvelous, and it leads to a great deal of action-filled skulduggery.
(Asked if she knew why the President wanted to meet with her, Ms. Lewinsky testified: ''I had an idea.'')
Next Sunday at 3 P.M. Tickets: $25 to $40.
I once visited a large commercial escarole and endive farming operation near Lyons, France, that supplied salad-mix factories with giant heads, 18 inches across, with blanched centers more than a foot thick.
1 draft pick of 1987 by Tampa Bay.
CONSUMERS looking for the cheapest long-distance telephone rates need only log onto the Internet, the newest arena of intense competition, where companies are offering special prices from 5 to 10 cents a minute.
They complain that the United States and Britain are holding up approval of imported equipment and chemical supplies that independent experts said Iraq needed to upgrade its oil fields and pipelines.
The couple's three children, Benjamin, 17, Tom, 15, and Catherine, 14, have been staying with their father since Ms. Cockes vanished.
New York City, long viewed as one of the world's most attractive targets for terrorists, has quietly undertaken an ambitious effort to counter attacks carried out with deadly chemicals or germs, according to city officials.
Devoted grandfather of Stacey and Caroline Pinsky and father-in-law of Lawrence Pinsky; and the late Roger Swaybill.
''It's not just about growing a better pumpkin, it's about how to make a living doing it.''
But Joe Torre, the Yankees' manager, said yesterday that he would probably like to see Jeter play a couple of games in the minor leagues on a rehabilitation assignment before rejoining the Yankees.
He will be deeply missed.
Other credits include ''Joey'' on television and ''The Court-Martial of Billy Mitchell.''
As for photography, it made answering that persistent question ''But is it art?''
Ambrose's projection of such a militaristic view thins his book's air of authenticity.
''I wouldn't say this is a breakthrough year, because I had won before,'' he said.
.Most children don't like to rewrite.
The improved shoes, which replaced what were essentially glorified Converse hightops, are soft and flexible -- allowing people to wedge their feet into minicracks.
So far, it ends up at third-and-7.
You're all going to die.''
Tredegar, which makes aluminum and plastic products, said Exal would become part of its William L. Bonnell unit.
BIATHLON Germans Dominate In Pursuit Races Germany's powerful biathlon team capped an extraordinary week by capturing both World Cup pursuit races yesterday in Osrblie, Slovakia.
The family gathered in the street, and the children headed for the nearby apartment of the family's closest friends, the Rodriguezes.
This has the $800 billion housing industry optimistic, especially now that it can no longer count on a stream of baby boomers to buy new houses, as has been the case for much of the last 30 years.
In addition to his wife, he is survived by their three daughters, Faith Christian of Chico, Calif., Dr. Joyce Burland of Halifax, Vt., and Randall C. Wight of Baltimore; 12 grandchildren and 17 great-grandchildren.
It is because Mr. Postel, a University of Southern California researcher, has recently been anointed a founding father of the network's nascent political structure -- a move toward Internet ''self-governance'' that is being propelled by various governmental, commercial and social forces.
Next door to the complex is the public Westover Magnet School, where Rippowam Park children have priority in the citywide lotteries for admission.
''We're where they want to be, and they have a long ways to go before they catch up,'' Lawrence Tomlinson, Hewlett-Packard's treasurer, said.
Since Mohammad Khatami, a moderate cleric, won last year's presidential elections in Iran, his Government has toned down the Islamic republic's anti-American oratory.
Sometimes the topping would be sauteed mushrooms or chopped liver, often with sage.
Each evening, that day's sales data are uploaded from the store's server to the company's headquarters.
In title contention terms, the progression Brendan Malone speaks of flattened out in 1995.
And the investors will see a return of ''only'' 200 percent to 300 percent.
But what is the legacy of the Paula Jones case, which begat the Monica Lewinsky circus?
The Palm has 16 restaurants across the United States, including the Palm Too, which opened in 1972 across Second Avenue from the original.
Winterthur Re generated 1.26 billion francs ($840 billion) in premium income in 1997, or about 4.7 percent of Winterthur's total premium income of 26.8 billion francs.
Even as he has set up shop in Queens in pursuit of a cure for AIDS, he said his search for the perfect flaky croissant has yet to begin.
George E. Pataki intends to propose legislation that would bolster Chancellor Rudy Crew's effort to send some students to school in the summer in order to relieve school overcrowding the rest of the year, his aides said today.
'' Alcohol does not cause the rage that drives domestic violence, experts say, but it can unleash it.
Though the American Institute of Architects guide to New York called the building ''gross and overbearing,'' developers have said the site is well located.
GIANTS 2, REDS 1 Jeff Kent hit reliever Stan Belinda's second pitch for a home run, giving host San Francisco a victory over Cincinnati in 10 innings.
It is unfortunate that this union doesn't seem to have adequate controls, but the Mayor's role is irrelevant.''
The weakest point of the single-book thesis is its treatment of literary allusion.
Investors and the press, of course, can make their own judgment -- it's just better to do so with the facts.
If the transgressions attributed to him were merely sexual, and not entwined with other accusations of wrongdoing, he probably would not be under house arrest at the National Naval Medical Center in Bethesda, Md.
First, they said that as many as seven other programs have now also been found to be vulnerable.
Tickets for the festival, which runs through next Monday with up to seven performances each evening, are $20 a night; festival passes for all eight nights cost $100 and are available in advance at Downtown Music Gallery, (212) 473-0043.
Spalding Gray already had a name, from theater!''
The house's hard-working chorus was less elegant but at least robust in its music from ''I Lombardi'' (Verdi) and ''Tannhauser'' (Wagner).
''Some program that is popular in the Far East got uploaded to a popular site and that got a few first-generation infections, and there were some second-generation infections, but the virus just died,'' said David Chess of I.B.M.
today after extracting a handful of minor antitrust concessions from the new company, which will become the world's third-largest petroleum company.
At one moment, it is the gold on the edge of the Scriptures held by St. Anthony.
managers pressure subordinates to fabricate evidence ''to extract unfairly assessed taxes from taxpayers, literally ruining families, lives and businesses -- all unnecessarily and sometimes illegally.''
In the address, which was broadcast the next morning, Mr. Clinton spoke of the need to prevent drugs from ruining children's lives.
Rates start at $325, plus 17.6 percent tax and service.
''The House Behind the Cedars'' is the tale of a gifted and attractive brother and sister who decide to pass and establish themselves in the best class of whites South Carolina has to offer.
''Master P gave me the freedom.
''Patti with her Buddhism didn't believe in'' pitting people against each other, said Mr. Chu.
The center has two theaters: one with 187 seats, where ''Land of Dreams'' is playing, and one with 600.
In 1988, in the first of his two years as composer-in-residence of the New York Philharmonic, Mr. Del Tredici and its former music director, Zubin Mehta, designed the orchestra's 150th-anniversary commissioning project.
It counseled ''group solidarity and heterogeneity'' in curriculum development or, as she put it, ''diversity within unity.''
Journalists proved that the rituals of life and love repeat themselves relentlessly in every decade.
''There they are,'' Mr. Siegel says balefully, ''as I'm folding my underwear.''
It's done all these bizarre things.
His hometown is marking the first anniversary of its return to China on July 1, but Loon Wai-ting is in no mood to celebrate.
The significance of the Ten Commandments today.
''People wanted to get more; they wanted to keep finding out stuff,'' said Tony La Russa, the St. Louis manager, recalling the travails that engulfed his long-time star, whom he also managed in Oakland.
Henderson's representatives said they wanted to consult with Henderson last night and also with the Seattle Mariners, who are believed to be the only other team in the running for the man who holds the single-season and career stolen base records.
Mr. Herzog married Levonna Horwin, another chemist, in 1944.
This has become known as the play that killed Moliere.
Pak earned her tour card at qualifying school last fall, and she has already earned a reputation as one of the tour's hardest-working players, often spending hours on the practice range after her round is over.
Ms. Bigajer helped run a 30-year-old thrift shop in New Rochelle, N.Y., also for the benefit of the federation.
''It's hard for them combining academics and camp activities,'' she said.
Still, many states have balked at passing such legislation, and the Connecticut bill met resistance from some lawmakers who said they felt it included too many handouts to the state's two electric utilities, Northeast Utilities and United Illuminating.
Productions are planned, and singers booked, years in advance.
The courts have indicated in the past their sensitivity to criticism, and Judge Gopal Sri Ram reflected this attitude in announcing an earlier decision in the case, when he said, ''It is time that the court sends a clear message that it cannot tolerate any attack on the judiciary.''
And that may help explain why, since word leaked of Mr. Kocher's break-in methods two weeks ago, the industries promoting smart cards have tended to play down his technique by calling it a ''laboratory attack'' that could be replicated by perhaps a handful of people around the world.
''We will listen to the comments and will, I am sure, make modifications to the rule.''
His options on two million more shares can be exercised at $15.52.
Political analysts said the sort of bounce that Mr. Green felt that he got -- and that Mr. Cuomo clearly did get in 1982 -- was precisely what Gov.
Other companies from the program are eagerly watching to see how Freshstart progresses in attracting investors.
The products have harmed people, said Dr. Richard Ko, a food and drug scientist with the health services department.
Although ''Tarzan and the Lost City'' serves up lessons of peace, freedom and conservation, it is still kid stuff and little more; but the old formula still works.
I was taking what I saw were good shots for me, even though I took them consecutively.
Or would it be better described under the general term of sexual immorality, keeping in mind that Scripture is short on specific references to any number of sexual acts, oral sex among them?
official said the deal proffered by the Gale-Wentworth group was structured as an asset sale, not a stock sale, and therefore Unger would not be able to interfere in the proposed sale.
Federal prosecutors subpoenaed 10 years of financial records last year from the P.B.A.
Repeated surveys assessed the smoking habits of these young teen-agers.
The merger plan calls for the union to pay dues to the A.F.L.-C.I.O.
''For me it's another home run,'' he said.
''And, of course, the cloudier the better.''
The majority of rabbinical authorities say that it does not, or at least, that Rabbis Rackman and Morgenstern have not produced the Talmudic or halachic evidence that it does.
As she began to approach the painting, her aunt cautioned her not to touch it.
At Halloween, pumpkins and scarecrows rise from the front porch.
''But while they're lusty storms, they don't blow people out of their beds at night,'' Mr. Knight said.
He entered politics after Hofstra Law School at the urging of his father's friends, believing he had to pretend that being legally blind was not an impediment, and until a few years ago he could barely talk about his eyesight.
But I get the feeling he is in the loop.
On the other hand, the film is a flaccid detective story that after far too long dredges up a standard-issue eccentric old scientist and a flipped-out female physician with a bad case of religious fanaticism to explain its mystery.
No new date for the news conference has been set, but the fight itself is not in jeopardy.
For Hundley, getting out may not mean anything more than going back to Port St. Lucie, as previously planned.
But to comment on the televised deposition as a form of theater -- just another example of how show biz has become the ultimate reality -- is in itself to concede defeat.
Facing the possibility of an attack on Iraq, few Americans looked backward to the nation's first war of territorial expansion.
This place is as close to reality as you can get.''
Here are the comments of Raymond B. Harding, one of the Mayor's closest political confidants: ''As part of restoring the fiscal soundness of the city, the Mayor resisted the temptation -- which the Governor did not -- during a period of surplus to come out with a Christmas tree financial plan.
Greeting the Japanese delegation from the royal box were Emperor Akihito and Empress Michiko.
In retrospect, maybe those so-called midcareer surveys (Cindy Sherman was 33, after all, when her show arrived) weren't such a bad idea.
''Browser share is a very significant strategic issue, not necessarily a monetary issue,'' said Marc S. Usem, an analyst with Salomon Smith Barney.
As the acrid, rueful and righteous debate went through the hours today, the House stood poised to do what even some of its own Republican leaders once considered unimaginable: impeach a Democratic President on a near party-line vote against the will of the electorate.
Ed Belfour got the better of Curtis Joseph in a battle of goaltenders, making 28 saves as the teams each had 28 shots.
For Mrs. Whitman, the decision signaled the court's confidence in her administration's commitment to bolstering the academic success of urban schoolchildren.
After months of agonizing, William S. Ritter, Jr., the longest-serving American weapons inspector in Iraq, resigned to protest what he called the ''surrender to Iraqi leadership'' by the Clinton Administration and the United Nations Security Council.
No one knows what this high rate of intermarriage between Hispanic and non-Hispanic whites portends.
Miller had just the right mentality as he added another page of lore to this Knicks-Pacers playoff rivalry.
On this side of the Atlantic, there is not enough data to join the debate.
All 20 rooms and 16 cottages have private bath; $127.
''That was John Stockton, pure and simple,'' Russell said.
''We were so poor, even the poorest looked down on us,'' Mr. Wilson recalled.
Last summer, Mitchell was charged with molesting a female toddler in Minnesota.
Stir in the ground ginger.
Wall Street's booms and busts are often dizzily disconnected with the rest of the world.
The move is not entirely a return to the speeds of old.
''The decision to trigger payments,'' Mr. Kessel said, ''was omitted from disclosure documents provided to Lipa prior to the closing, and Lipa believes Lilco took purposeful steps to keep Lipa from discovering this information prior to the closing.''
''If that happens,'' Gaudin, the Marseilles Mayor said, ''I would ask the French republic to put all possible means at our disposal to avoid any more problems.''
They are a perfect, masterly example of the Korean way with savory pancakes.
''None of us thought we'd be out this quickly.
We did not do what we talked about doing at halftime.
NEW PHILHARMONIC OF NEW JERSEY ''Summer Impressions of Classical Music,'' featuring Karen Pinoci, celloist, Laura George, flutist, and Robbin Gordon Cartier, harpist.
This week, a nonprofit group financed by the A.F.L.-C.I.O., the 1199 National Health and Human Service Employees Union and other organizations allied with the Democrats will begin running advertisements on black and Hispanic-oriented radio stations in New York and other large cities around the country offering similar messages.
It is Mr. Starr's office, not the executive branch, that is behaving like the paranoid Nixon White House, complete with enemies list and dirty tricks.
Mr. Hill, who visits Belgrade fairly often on the Kosovo issue, worked alongside Mr. Holbrooke in the latest negotiations.
Fassel said Harris should return to practice next week.
The city will also build a noise barrier around the landside perimeter of the East 34th Street Heliport, he said, and it will consider offering financial incentives, like lower landing fees, to helicopter operators that fly quieter new technology, an idea praised by helicopter industry representatives.
(When steel wasn't in the budget, he sometimes just painted the wood silver; it was hard to tell, anyhow, in black-and-white photographs.)
The story necessarily jumps back and forth a great deal, and branches off.
''I like the way she presents herself -- she's a woman for politics,'' said Tina Moore of Freeport, N.Y. Mr. Schumer encountered the kind of recognition that suggested both the fact that he was marching close to his home and the success of his television advertisements.
In order to approach an oven-door handle, you had to hold your breath, close your eyes, turn your face and grope for the handle, taking directions yelled by a helper standing across the room in relative safety.
Nothing detectives have found shows that the five made plans to disappear that night.
It was an improvisational in-joke.
And there is a dreamy, at-home intimacy to her work.
(David Cassidy and Jimmie Walker: what better subjects for whiteness and African-American studies?)
5 76 THE COLOR OF WATER, by James McBride.
It was not edging past the sailboat.
He grew up without a father around, and he wants to be someone his children can rely on.
White wrote in ''Here Is New York,'' a 1949 essay, that the city is ''the concentrate of art and commerce and sport and religion and entertainment and finance.''
Vince Tidwell, the president of the Miata Club of America, said of the club's eighth annual convention: ''This is about as big as it gets.
2 person actually has clout, and campaigns for the job are serious matters.
These plans are all contingent on having enough designers sign up for these spaces to make the operation financially feasible, said Fern Mallis, the executive director of Seventh on Sixth and of its parent organization, the Council of Fashion Designers of America.
''My daughter, who had just turned 13, underwent a dangerous medical procedure without anyone present who knew her past medical history,'' Ms. Farley said, adding that the abortion had been arranged to conceal the rape.
He argued that the Justice Department could not credibly investigate political fund-raising efforts made on behalf of an incumbent President.
That puts it too simply, as if the demons all lie beyond the self: the wanderer, after all, may vex himself with his own yearning.
But the volume's most powerful poems use the archeological image of ''bog people'' (bodies of murder and sacrificial victims, killed during the Iron Age and preserved in European peat bogs) as a metaphor for enduring historical violence, a symbol, as Ms. Vendler observes, that lends the poems an imaginative scope that transcends the journalistic.
Like himself: Lorimer Black, educated in Scotland and given on occasion to appearing at dinner parties in a kilt, is not who he seems to be.
After drawing the band down to a quiet hiss, he regularly called on Ralph Irrizary, the group's timbales player, and Bobby Allende, the conga player, to take the music to the roof; he was after wild dynamics, and the thrill of the group improvisation.
What happens when the music stops is so sad it may have you in tears.
Next season I would pull a hamstring and be arrested on charges of carnal abuse of assorted women in various motel rooms.
A number of these players are allocated to M.L.S.
Crayna has made a somewhat Faustian bargain to be able to repay Silvio's kindness: if anyone glimpses her true self, the disguise will end; if she wears it for a year, she will remain human forever.
For those with only a cursory knowledge of the ancient game of chess, it may seem surprising that a man who never won a world championship and whose most memorable public role was serving as Boris Spassky's beleaguered second in his 1972 world championship loss to Bobby Fischer, should be such a revered figure in chess circles.
Thus, analysts say that while the bailout reduces the possibility of a collapse of the financial system, it is only a short-term solution and does not address the challenges of modernizing the banking system so that it can sustain itself.
Currier and Ives zeroed in on the subjects that interested America's growing middle class: the Mexican War, the Gold Rush, disasters (natural and man-made), transportation and the ever popular domestic life, customs and manners.
An American Werewolf in Paris Looking for sex, three smirking teen-age airheads repair to Paris, where one of them (Tom Everett Scott) dives off the Eiffel Tower in an attempt to prevent the suicide of an attractive young woman (Julie Delpy) who happens to be a werewolf.
Earlier, English thugs, French-Tunisians and riot troops fought pitched battles in Marseilles.
To general astonishment, a woman left her seat, phone to her ear, and walked behind a nearby sarcophagus where she proceeded to talk.
But the underside to that, several of the jurors said, was that they were prisoners in their own lives.
Seeds that have been well cleaned (don't want any fungus) should be left to age in a plastic bag at room temperature for at least three months (six is better).
The name, Ah Umakatta, by the way, means ''yummy, yummy'' in Japanese.
Under Governor Rowland's original proposal, about 800,000 taxpayers would have received rebates of as much as $200.
On Monday from 6 to 8 P.M., she will show how to prepare party snacks, while Felix Albano, the restaurant's bar manager, will make drinks like Smashing Pumpkins, with pumpkin-infused vodka, all of which will be available for tasting.
Indeed, it would seem that ''How do you solve a problem like Maria?''
asks Nora, the mother-in-law of Junior, an unwitting drug dealing punk who lies bleeding on the kitchen floor, having been viciously beaten.
And over the next six years, during a period of mounting fiscal and other pressures, she proved more than equal to the task of meshing often incompatible accounting and other systems into an efficient operation with common purchasing and other functions.
Dr. Levine, who was born in Brooklyn, became chairman of the Stony Brook microbiology department in 1979, and five years later became the founding chairman of Princeton's molecular biology department.
The announcement of its change in status will answer a question mark that has been hanging over Starwood for months.
''The Internet isn't a system; a telephone isn't a system,'' he said.
Scientists have found that plants, insects and animals have basically the same genes for regulating their biological clocks -- built-in timers that tell an organism when each day begins and ends.
Some still try to maintain themselves as independent groups.
Police cruisers and a helicopter with a spotlight were combing the streets of Flatbush in search of the gunman, neighbors reported.
The small print on the back said the average call would cost $30; some people paid as much as $400.
Last Sunday, however, Mr. Isikoff just sat in silence as the gossip columnist dressed down him and the rest of the press corps for their sleepiness.
Touring Show If you're a New York motorist who loves the arts, you don't have to honk.
It has helped that ''being an involved father has become socially acceptable on the street.''
EXTRA POINTS The LEON JOHNSON medical saga continues.
In conversations with residents at places like Ritzville's branch of the Wheatland Bank or the Wheat and Barley, a diner in nearby Colfax, the worries that Asia's crisis could drag down American farms are palpable.
But it was losing about $20 million a year, and its work force had plummeted to 300 from 12,500.
When the ball cleared the fence, McGwire was even with Roger Maris and only one swing away from eclipsing him, too.
Loving uncle of Erica, Kristen, and Charles.
Still, for a subject that is so much on people's minds, this one evokes a lot of touchiness.
''Raising my kids, I rarely used take-out, but now I find it very liberating.
It's up and running for a dozen places: Boston, Chicago, Denver, Houston, Melbourne, New York, San Diego, San Francisco, Seattle, Sydney, the Twin Cities and Washington.
Her poll ratings began to perk up, especially after she publicly embraced President Clinton for his part in negotiating the Middle East peace accord, which was signed the day before he spent a weekend in California helping to raise $2 million for her campaign.
''He was one of our strongest allies,'' said Matthew Traub, a spokesman for Representative Nita Lowey, a Democrat whose district includes Flushing and Elmhurst, neighborhoods next to La Guardia.
When Mr. Madden considers moving into a battered market, he looks first at government policy to see if steps have been taken to return the economy to solid footing.
Chief Judge Judith Kaye's user-friendly plan to streamline New York's convoluted court system deserves legislative agreement this session.
''They may fear being 'outed' as a result of going to the police,'' said Sergeant Peterson.
Two Kentucky players, guard Jeff Sheppard and center Nazr Mohammed, are recovering from injuries but were listed as probable starters for today's game against South Carolina State in South Regional games in Atlanta.
Beloved sister of Mel and Sheldon Green and Barbara Levin.
Bowman had shown up at their doors bleeding from a wrist wound that he had apparently inflicted in an effort to be hospitalized.
Ms. Calzolari said, however, that the proposed cultural center would suit a different purpose.
But there is no telling if this is true of the country as a whole, for the photographer focuses on rural communities with plump pigs and other prosperous farm animals but are conspicuously without dogs and cats.
Many of the works were bought by businessmen during the late 1980's boom, at overheated prices, and have been sitting in storage since the market took a nose dive in the early 90's.
The following taxable and tax-exempt fixed-income issues are scheduled for pricing this week: TAXABLE ONE DAY DURING THE WEEK Duane Reade Inc., $80 million of senior subordinated notes due in 2008, B3/---/---.
But some bishops voiced reservations about how the document would be be applied by members of the conference and perceived by a wider public.
The English-Irish playwright Martin McDonagh has come up with something exotic in today's world of self-conscious, style-obsessed theater: a proper, perfectly plotted drama that sets out above all to tell a story as convincingly and disarmingly as possible.
Indeed, in the following days, the prosecution team would come under intense criticism, much of it leveled by Mr. Ginsburg.
Memorial service will be held at 12:15 PM Monday, the ''Riverside'', 76th Street and Amsterdam Ave, NY.
How do we make that Hispanic cultural strip on East 106th Street into a tourist destination?
Last night was the deadline for subscribing to the plan and at least $17 billion had to be converted to make the deal valid.
Ms. Hynes is artistic director of the Druid Theater Company of Galway, Ireland, which gave the premiere of Martin McDonagh's ''Beauty Queen'' and has performed it in Dublin, London, Off Broadway and now on Broadway.
COLLEGE BLUEFIELD--Named Tommy Brown men's basketball coach.
Ms. Ferraro had been a commentator for CNN until this last weekend, which precluded her from any fund-raising.
''The, a Novel, Robert Filliou'' (1976?)
Yet many new-urban towns have been scorned as cutesy, regressive and un-urban.
The Cullman High School German band, in new uniforms of lederhosen and dirndls, admirably performed a medley of oompah songs, including, somewhat subversively, ''Roll Out the Barrel.''
Jabu Powell started the second half by fielding Warren's kickoff at the 7, turning upfield to the 25, cutting to the outside and sprinting untouched into the end zone.
''This is not Bosnia and Serbia,'' said Bunny Hoest, who produces the syndicated cartoon ''The Lockhorns'' and supports the commissioner.
''We had people living at Eastport Dock,'' said Mr. Sadleir.
After more than 100 years, the AT&T brand is one of the most recognized in the world, a hallmark of corporate stability and might.
After all, when life is a movie, who needs reality?
But the winner at beat-the-clock is Judy Kaye, Emma Goldman in ''Ragtime'': 10 minutes from Guttenberg to Weehawken, 4 minutes on the ferry, then 10 more by jitney to the Ford Center for the Performing Arts.
''I think I'd watch the Mets,'' Valentine said.
And he did both with great style.
Covers historic and infamous spots, including the cemetery at St. Mark's Church, the hanging elm and the former burial ground at Washington Square Park.
''My eyes are burned out from the spotlights,'' Mr. Tresser says.
The difference between the two revenue targets is significant because it comes on top of other serious budgetary problems.
He has also encouraged a limited debate about introducing more democracy into China's authoritarian political system.
That said, anything that helps parents with college costs is bound to draw some interest.
Women tend to follow the same guidelines if they are local reporters or national correspondents.
''I used to think, if only I could paint this person,'' Ms. Lowit said of those early portraits.
TCHAIKOVSKY is the musician of the weekend at the Bard Festival at Bard College in Annandale-on-Hudson, with panel discussions, pre-concert talks and concerts.
In his three starts, Johnson allowed two runs and 16 hits, walked four and struck out 33 in 25 innings.
He is also survived by his sister, Rene Marciari.
Older songs, like ''Isobel,'' were stretched out into shapes dictated by the string section, with the circular dance beats submerged in the mix.
''This time, he's going to cut into the Democrat.''
Marie Carver was for many years Executive Secretary and Personal Assistant to Jack Wrather, Chairman of the Board of Wrather Corporation and Muzak Corporation.
And Hall's kickoffs continued to be a problem.
''Inside there,'' he said, ''you have the best facilities you can think of.
You needn't have a language problem if Bavaria is in Washington.
But lately she has not lifted a paintbrush, she said, because she lacks the encouragement and the money for supplies.
The Yankees' home attendance has climbed 17 percent this year to 1.63 million after 45 dates.
Still, it will not be easy to change the mind-set of what has long been a family business where money in the bank was the paramount goal.
''I think money can be made doing it.''
Once connected to the library's home page, patrons can also access a full-text database that contains countless articles from periodicals.
Arena enrolled in an accounting program at Monroe where he said he received ''terrific moral support my first semester, when I badly needed it, especially from Mr. Jerome, who helped me relearn study habits.
''I think they're afraid of me or intimidated by my superior knowledge.''
''Cold War/Berlin Wall,'' a permanent exhibition on the historic wall that symbolized the cold war until it came down in November 1989.
''When you go really far off the beaten path,'' said Dr. Kevin M. Cahill, a professor of tropical medicine at New York University Medical School, ''it's like going back five centuries -- in the way people live, in the food they eat and the water they drink.
''I felt kind of leg weary tonight, for some reasons,'' Jordan said later.
''This thing ought not to be just for tourists, as much as we love them,'' said John Dyson, a member of the committee and a senior adviser to Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani.
read a typical banner hung in Clock Square here.
At one point, Mr. Segal realized he didn't have to make everything with his own hands but could work as an assemblagist, arranging things he had found into theatrical situations.
*Only four teams in the league have given up fewer points a game than the Jets (17.3).
New York: Harper Flamingo/ HarperCollins Publishers.
Management said earnings would be 65 cents a share, well below the 78 cents analysts had anticipated.
What am I doing wrong?
Indeed, we refrained from questioning Ms. Lewinsky under oath about particular details until after the President's August 17 testimony made that questioning necessary.
Virginia shot 57 percent (16 of 28) in the second half and 54 percent (35-of-65) for the game.
Rest in peace, my friend.
Much of the vigor of his prose was captured in this clever dance-theater version, which combined choreography by Mr. Koplowitz with a text by David Lindsay-Abaire.
If you were to put together a package for your descendants, with information that would describe your life and times for people a century from now, what would you put in it?
The restaurant's wine list is beautifully chosen, and for dessert, why not select something simple and traditional: thick homemade yogurt drizzled with honey and wild blueberries.
Under the latest pension rules, these major league retirees would have to coach or play for only one day to qualify for the pension, Puttock said.
Being a male, possibly because he was a black male, he kind of resisted therapy.
''A cycle of bloodshed has been opened,'' said the Jerusalem police chief, Yair Yitzhaki.
The crowd at the old theater in Seattle is waiting for an American Indian, and they get one when 6-foot-2 Sherman Alexie strolls onstage, playing one of his fictional characters, Lester Falls Apart.
(Mr. Stoller machined prosthetics in his native Switzerland.)
She hits the record button, and Mr. Whitman starts reading.
But he warmed up in the second quarter to lead the Jets on an 81-yard drive that ended with a Richie Anderson 1-yard run and a 10-3 lead.
''They ought to be a place of honor, not a marketing gimmick.''
''You have more opportunities for success with a broad approach,'' said Lawrence W. Sherman, director of the criminology department at the University of Maryland.
Consider Abraham Lincoln, a retired flight engineer in Pepper Mills Village, Md.
A Taste of Italy FRIDAY -- The Boys' Towns of Italy will benefit from a dinner and dance featuring food prepared by more than 20 New York-area Italian restaurants.
But other friends of Ms. Ferraro's said that she and her campaign advisers intend to spend today putting the final touches on the details of her announcement speech, which she will deliver in Manhattan tomorrow.
From near the Jets' bench, Coach Bill Parcells couldn't see whether Testaverde had scored, but he could see Frantz peering at the play from the same sideline.
She appeared on Feb. 8 on the NBC News program ''Meet the Press.''
Drug companies ''wouldn't get their money back from these drugs,'' said Dr. Herbert D. Kleber, medical director of the Center on Addiction and Substance Abuse at Columbia University.
They have also charged police officers with extorting money from West New York towing companies that towed cars at the department's request.
The Lightning, which trailed the Islanders by 3-0 after the first period, were booed roundly as they exited following the opening 20 minutes, in which the Lightning set a standard for ineptitude.
MONEY No matter what we think of the state of our apartments, we all agree we're paying too much rent.
''They should be hiring double-E people and people in product development,'' Mr. Wulf said, using an industry abbreviation for electrical engineers.
A Power Restored Decreeing Nations Within Nations On a visit to Pueblo communities in New Mexico last month, Speaker Newt Gingrich told Indian leaders that he had trouble understanding the concept of tribal sovereignty.
The puck caromed to the feet of Oliwa, but he could not pry his stick from the clutches of Boston defenseman Hal Gill.
Some 2,000 street lights have been installed.
Whisk in the flour, then fold the egg yolk mixture into the chocolate.
Other members of the Hoffa family offer a slightly more nuanced view.
Rather what offends him is, he said, are the political compromises the Senator has made with abortion rights proponents.
Rico is a successful management consultant -- safe, it seems, from the kind of dull job his father held and from a life measured in small home improvements and savings.
Kyle Gann's reputation as a composer is beginning to equal his renown as a writer on new music.
But none of this means Mr. Hussein has freed himself either of the sanctions imposed on him after the war, or of limits on his ability to produce weapons.
Fishermen are locked in a bitter dispute with competitors in Alaska, just 40 miles away, over rights to dwindling salmon stocks.
Thirteen years after his disappearance, Karan remains a haunting, riddling figure in the lives of Padma and their daughter.
But on a recent morning, his mind was back on higher education, his sofa and coffee table piled high with reports not on elementary schools in Wichita, Kan., or Boston but on the City University of New York.
Shelby Davis founded one of the funds, Davis New York Venture, in February 1969 when he was 32.
Mr. Mondale is the second high-level envoy from President Clinton; in January, Deputy Treasury Secretary Lawrence H. Summers paid a visit.
Other campaign participants described a regrettable clash between two hard-driving, highly self-confident individuals dedicated to a common goal.
WITH: John Michalski (Edward), Joan Shepard (Agrippina) and Brian Voelcker (Thug).
''I met her once or twice,'' Mr. Straus said of Ms. Lewinsky.
Maintaining neighborhood character is also a concern.
We varied the route, sometimes tracing the outer paths of the lawns and then descending to the Victorian fernery, set in a scooped-out former quarry.
Both the former chief, who resigned last September, and his son declined to speak to reporters after their plea hearings.
After the game, the Mets announced that Bill Pulsipher, once one of their most promising young pitchers, was traded to Milwaukee.
MADE of plastic or fiberglass, sea kayaks are designed to roll with heavier seas as well as glide through flat water.
Charles Schwab & Company in San Francisco said yesterday that it had expanded its relationship with BBDO Worldwide by naming BBDO West in Los Angeles to handle creative duties on its Mutual One Source mutual funds service account, with billings estimated at $30 million to $35 million.
Seeking to jump-start AT&T's entry into local phone markets, Mr. Armstrong helped engineer AT&T's $11.3 billion acquisition of Teleport Communications Group, Inc., a leading competitive local phone provider, in January.
A deal certainly would not have looked too tasty to Tellab's shareholders if Ciena's revenues were falling after the Worldcom debacle -- and indeed they weren't.
The Japan Airlines Company, the biggest airline in Japan, said yesterday that it had reached a marketing agreement with Swissair, Europe's fifth-largest airline, as the companies try to cut costs and improve access to each other's regions.
Then one day he befriends Armand McMillan (Jack Warden), a motorist with car trouble.
Mr. Hanks and Ms. Ryan are engaged in a meeting of minds without bodies.
Whether Fedex could have operated without its pilots will never be known.
6 U.C.L.A., coming off a 97-81 loss to Oregon on Thursday night, looked lethargic again, shooting just 43 percent from the floor.
Before working for the county, he was a Navy photographer and a photographer with General Foods, among other jobs.
A novel about a man who becomes obsessed with a former Holocaust denier because he believes it might help him turn his life around -- it's a project strewn with so many pitfalls, intellectual and moral, that most writers would nervously discard it and turn to something safer.
Mass of Christian Burial Immaculate Heart of Mary R.C.
The Orioles lured him from St. Louis with a three-year, $12.5 million contract.
To the Editor: ''In Health Care, Be Careful What You Wish For'' (Week in Review, May 31) rightly warns that a bill of rights for patients will only exacerbate their anger and frustration with health maintenance organizations.
''It sold in about two weeks for $15,000 over the asking price,'' she said, attributing the increase to location and lack of inventory.
''The impact of the Bolshoi has been overwhelming,'' wrote John Martin, The New York Times's dance critic, when the company traveled for the first time to New York in 1959.
Dante Bichette, the National League's leading hitter (.404), then doubled down the left-field line off Rob Stanifer.
The reserved military man is a serious calypso fan, and his favorite artist is the Mighty Sparrow, a legendary singer who is known as ''the master of the naughty phrase.''
In Henri Bendel's own collection there is a crocodile-embossed leather tote ($248).
''We showed that this team has heart, that we can blow a big lead and come back,'' Bird said.
But when translated to dollars sales dropped 2 percent, to $12.79 billion.
The architect of the renovation, John Belle, has prepared himself for preservationists' objections.
The police fired on looters taking advantage of the disorder, witnesses said.
A white third-grade teacher who was threatened by two black parents after she used the book ''Nappy Hair'' in her Brooklyn classroom started a new assignment in a Queens school yesterday, school officials said.
Similarly prepared, grilled kofte were on the mark as well.
But many of the fables which are considered ''Aesopian'' are in fact stories that were added well after his supposed death.
While the Irish appeared hopelessly, even laughably, naive about how to campaign, their approach seemed closer to genuine democracy.
They've both been gone a long time, but their legends continue to grow.''
An enjoyable tribute to this Victorian who somehow found the freedom to let the child in him out.
Valentin M. Berezhkov, a Russian who interpreted for Stalin and Molotov at conferences that they, Roosevelt and Churchill attended during World War II, died last Friday at his home in Claremont, Calif.
(Raise was long ago lowered, and increase has shrunk.)
''If you're going to legalize gambling, then legalize gambling and let them build.
The reprieve will also allow conservation groups, and Washington and Ottawa, to turn their energies to other threats facing Atlantic salmon.
But Sheepshead Bay residents are angrily divided.
His father, Jim Beauchamp, was a major league ballplayer, a reputed tough out, even a onetime member of the Cincinnati Reds, who gave his son a befitting name for the financial scores that awaited his generation's players.
AFTER USING essentially the same equipment for a century, speed skating has gone through a tumultuous change over the past year as a new device called the clap skate hit the World Cup circuit.
Department stores, most notably the Federated chain, which includes Macy's, have pulled backed markedly in designer-priced clothes.
''Something like the Brooklyn Academy of Music,'' he said, ''before it became mainstream.''
Tickets, $500, from (212) 327-3165.
Something else came with Kasich from McKees Rocks -- a populist's sympathy for the little guy.
And to think that the Giants were 90 seconds from defeating essentially the same Minnesota team last season.
There's another book you should read.
Mr. Donaldson will replace John Donvan, who moved to the White House when Brit Hume left ABC for Fox about a year ago, and Ms. Roberts will replace John Cochran.
1 if he reaches the final and Sampras loses in the next round, when he plays Bohdan Ulihrach.
''We've had incredible access,'' said Mr. Ley.
She also noted that her administration was not imposing a tax increase, but giving state residents the chance to vote on it.
To the Editor: Diane E. Meier's argument against the legalization of assisted suicide makes sense (Op-Ed, April 24).
It has been my nominee for the funniest song about motherhood ever since I first heard another singer's live version three years ago.
Remember that you can prepay tuition and take either credit, as long as classes begin during three months of the year for which you have prepaid.
Their only concern is that Mr. Hyde will not have sole control.
China said today that it achieved economic growth of 7.8 percent for 1998, essentially meeting the 8 percent goal set by political leaders at the beginning of the year.
The couple asked that the price of the town house be given only as over $2 million.
The $5 billion figure for this year was far more specific than President Clinton's announcement on Monday that White House budget analysts expect the 1998 deficit to decline to below $22 billion, and it is the latest evidence of how the strong economy is propelling Washington into an era of fiscal plenty far faster than almost anyone anticipated.
But then, as if we were trying to get me into the Groucho Club, she warned that I would have to go by my husband's name.
KOPPELMAN-Morris Today on your birthday, we wish you love and miss you as always.
Here are excerpts from a conversation with Mr. Shouler: Q.
Grand Union, which emerged from Chapter 11 bankruptcy in August, said the program would involve 80 percent of the company's stores and increase its number of locations to 239.
Drain the shrimp and cool completely under cold running water.
The elegant, mostly antebellum houses lining that street are immaculately kept, and have a delicate, spindly look, like lace dresses preserved in a glass case.
Certainly his performance at Wye River disposes of the argument that because of the Lewinsky affair he cannot be an effective President.
Both his grandfather and father were elected the city's Comptroller.
Mr. Hannant's couture viewpoint inspired softer more languid looks like a slate-gray one-shoulder sheath, cut asymmetrically and banded in gray satin, or a gray paneled dress with one panel entirely covered in caviar beads.
But there is little realistic hope of reform policies emerging from an L.D.P.
A letter from the Vienna Tourist Board, received Jan. 14, points out that the fees cited are not representative.
I am profoundly grateful for the support of so many Americans who somehow, through it all, seem to still know that I care about them a great deal, that I care about their problems and their dreams.
The capital, Colombo, and parts of northern and eastern Sri Lanka are studded with road blocks where security guards search vehicles and residents.
Afterward, Krzyzewski took special note of the play of Steve Wojciechowski, his point guard.
Center BRIAN WILLIAMS had surgery on his right eye last Friday in another attempt to correct the double vision that has kept him from playing.
Leslie Anne Wade, spokeswoman for CBS Sports, said the network had set aside time for possible free commercials and will drop some of the promotional announcements for CBS shows to make room for the extra commercials.
Drawing elements from the photographs, which she blows up, Ms. Cohen re-creates her subject with hundreds of bits of torn paper dyed in sheets.
Mr. Butts said that he started to grow disillusioned with Mr. Giuliani soon after the Mayor took office in 1994.
STAMFORD $830,000 243 Jonathan Drive 5-bedroom, 20-year-old cedar and stone contemporary with 4 full and 2 half baths; dining room, eat-in kitchen, family room, 2 fireplaces, sauna, 2-car garage, 2-acre lot; taxes $13,960; listed at $899,000, 18 weeks on market (broker: Prudential Connecticut Realty).
For 30 years, Rolling Stone has been a barometer of popular culture and fashion.
Seven players remained with the emasculated Marlins while five were on teams that reached the post-season.
When the defamation verdict came in, Mr. Sharpton's first reaction was to position himself with the long-suffering Mr. Pagones as a victim.
Mr. O'Rourke paid $5,075 for 16 pieces of furniture and a fax machine, said Susan Tolchin, Mr. Spano's director of communications.
On Wednesday night, after slugging his 58th and 59th home runs in Florida, McGwire faced a post-game news conference.
''For the first time in my life, I have felt like running,'' Mr.
These are $80 to $100 for 12 bottles, depending on the label.
Few repellents have proved effective, according to Dr. John Grande, the director of the Snyder farm.
This has emerged as a theme of hers.
''The word has its origin in the Middle French verb entrainer,'' Mr. Moriarty continued.
(Ms. Tilberis's group is using teal.)
Many economists assumed, just a few months ago, that the sharp currency devaluations rippling across Asia would sap China's fast-growing exports and foreign investment.
In 1986, the Rialto was turned into a first-run movie house and renamed the Cineplex Odeon Warner.
''My life is staying at home and watching TV.
It is served with a puffy dark roll and cole slaw crisscrossed with green, yellow and red peppers.
I need to feel better!
In the one limited action so far, the Government accused a biotechnology company in January of engaging in a scheme with an unidentified major cigarette maker to produce tobacco that had twice the nicotine level of the regular leaf.
Beloved wife of Professor Nicholas; loving mother of Adam and his wife Dorothea, Professor Amy R. Wolfson and her husband Professor Andrew Futterman; sister of Daniel; and cherished grandmother of Noah David Futterman.
Season League officials are considering holding a meeting early next month at which representatives of the 29 teams will decide whether to cancel the remainder of the season.
First, New York magazine published a cover story called ''The New A-List,'' which chronicled the seismic shifts in who attends hot parties -- and who no longer wants to.
As recently as Sunday, a Japanese television network, TBS, estimated that bad bank debt totaled $682 billion.
At 50 percent of the sites, some harm was possible, and at the rest, there was no evidence of harm.
What's more, it could be argued, a revival should be motivated by public demand, not the machinations of producers and donors.
The rest of the evening is determined by the choices you make about drinking.
Besides the states in the deep South, the police have reported Callaway thefts in Texas, Nevada, California, Colorado and Massachusetts.
At Antoine's, or Arnaud's, or (needless to say) the Sazerac in the Fairmont Hotel, they know.
The sample of telephone exchanges called was randomly selected by a computer from a complete list of more than 42,000 active residential exchanges across the country.
''I keep it in my office like a Bible.
The bridegroom, 33, is a senior vice president in corporate finance at Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette, the investment bank in New York.
''Romeo and Juliet'' in particular is a favorite of radical, revisionist interpretation.
''The form has no English precedents.
Dr. Ty said that keeping track of the poisoned children was usually left to the doctors themselves.
It was an instant success, and it is credited with starting a milk chocolate revival in France.
''She's a good lady,'' she said.
The United States Forest Service has dispatched a National Incident Team and a contingent of at least 40 officers and other staff members to keep an eye on the Rainbows, who have been known to fill their peace pipes with marijuana.
Recently, the United States and Mexico agreed to cooperate in a campaign to warn Mexicans, and their families in the United States, about the dangers of crossing the border, especially if they use the ''polleros'' or smugglers who are suspected of abandoning people in the desert once they have received their payment.
''It's more of an upper-class people,'' he said.
The Sony Corporation, the consumer electronics giant, said Friday that it planned to license a version of Sun Microsystems Inc.'s Java programming language to be used to develop interactive applications for digital set-top television boxes.
Agassi quit in the third set of his match against Alex Corretja and will be replaced in the round-robin draw by Greg Rusedski of Britain.
What Western civilization owes an ancient nomadic tribe.
The first meeting between the two companies was in April 1994, recalled Douglas P. Colbeth, the president of Spyglass.
The feat, scientists said, meant that cloning an adult animal like Dolly is not a fluke as some have suggested.
In New York, the dollar rose to 143.66 yen from 142.35 yen yesterday.
In some cases, she had to grind them down in lengthy endings; in others she set sneaky snares.
But it is the smaller bottles -- whether the single-serving size, for washing down a hot dog, or the 1.5-liter models, found on desks or in gym bags -- that have really taken off.
And naturally, the prose is Mr. Leonard's familiar compounding of present participles: ''The mulatta served them coffee in the early morning of the 27th, the two leaning on the table to conspire: her lover in his uniform talking, talking -- it was what he did -- and her brother listening, Osma the slave hunter resting on his thick arms, Osma nodding, Osma raising the cup to sip coffee through his beard.''
Many investors would like Bay to be more like Northern Telecom in the first place, with solid financial controls and product development and relatively steady earnings growth.
The west end of downtown, where he was born in a homely walk-up that once stood at 415 Monroe Street, is still full of people who knew him when he was the skinny, sickly spoiled son of Marty, the fire chief, and Dolly, the midwife, and stories about the Sinatra family flow at the slightest prompting.
''No matter how the industry shapes up; it helps to have a strong currency.''
But questions surrounding their roles in South Korea overlook the fact that they were hired late last year precisely to help the country design and put into effect a new financing plan for 1998.
Occasionally, Mr. Walzog works too hard.
To the Editor: Ron Pundak's Aug. 15 Op-Ed article calling for an ''honest assessment'' of the Palestinian Covenant chose to ignore that the covenant specifically stated that there could be no changes in that document without the express decision of the Palestinian National Council.
Ms. Barron, in a telephone interview from Los Angeles, said that if she were to mount the ''Degenerate Art'' exhibition now, the context would be changed.
''To the extent that this creates a more competitive environment that serves the investor, it is good for all markets and we applaud it,'' said Richard A. Grasso, chairman of the New York Stock Exchange.
Getting noticed as an artist is never easy.
He is not likely to coach Nigeria beyond the World Cup.
In the early 1830's, a young P. T. was the editor of the weekly Herald of Freedom in his home town of Bethel and ran a story charging that a local minister had lent money to people at usurious fates.
About the death of his 3-week-old daughter, Dominick says: ''Life didn't have to make sense, I'd concluded: that was the big joke.
Fears that an increase in Chinese spending is being used to implement long-dormant expansionist tendencies should not be ignored, but neither should they be overdramatized.
While Stoudamire's departure settled one issue, the remaining Raptors were still not feeling secure in their individual fates.
''This team and this league have been a big part of my life.
Officials with the sports books note that they do encourage their customers to pay taxes on their winnings to the United States Government, but the companies themselves are currently under no obligation to report customers' winnings to the Internal Revenue Service.
His promiscuity reveals more about his political drives than about his sexual proclivities.
The man, 46-year-old Alan Waterhouse, had argued with his on-and-off girlfriend, Cheryl Barnhart, over the telephone on Saturday.
Scranton is the hometown of the Casey dynasty.
According to a 1997 National Center for Education Statistics report, based on 1992-93 data, students in education programs tested into remedial college courses at higher rates -- 18 percent took remedial math, compared with 11 percent of majors in the humanities and social science, and 13 percent took remedial English, compared with 7 percent of humanities and social science majors.
His biography was not included in the 1998 soccer team media guide.
After such a cataclysm, even Katoomba is hardened.
Because of budget cuts, a painting this summer has been postponed.
If the investment is scrapped, it would set back Hanwha's attempt to pare debt and South Korea's efforts to attract foreign investment.
Admission: $6; students and the elderly, $4; 12 and under, $3.
''I don't consider numbers running criminal,'' he said as he lunched this week in Harlem with his old pal Lyle Stuart, the publisher.
But then Eddie reappears, setting up an explosive bit of contretemps with Joey, who manages more gracefully than one might expect under the circumstances.
Mark Grace had a run-scoring single for the Cubs, who are 11-7 over all.
What public school wouldn't like to be free to design a curriculum to meet the specific needs of its student population?
The truck cab was burned to shreds, probably because fuel had been stored under it.
And at the Biryulinskaya mine, Ms. Maslova sits at the switchboard and shakes her head.
In this performance, the Gewandhaus played with its signature warm, expansive, autumnal tone.
Not only does Canin venture out from the comforts of first-person narration, he also abandons his usual retrospective stance and plunges into the fray itself.
Syria has called the Israeli statements a ploy intended to strike a separate deal with Lebanon while avoiding an overall agreeement with Syria that would require a withdrawal from the Golan Heights, captured by Israel in the 1967 war.
Kazakhstan has produced a large quantity of osetra this year.
Mr. Howard says the present Penn Station is a ''slop sink'' that makes arriving in New York ''feel like coming through the service entrance.''
Analysts had expected a 50 percent rise in profit.
He feels rhythm without always delineating it; it's as if he's drifting while at the same time knowing exactly where he's going.
(9-2) Since losing to Washington State by 3 points and Tennessee by 6, U.C.L.A.
Last spring, despite the efforts of environmental officials, crews cleared a mountaintop here that held several nesting sites.
The increase in productivity was the weakest since the third quarter of 1996, when worker output per hour declined at an annualized rate of seven-tenths of a percent.
Officials from MGM Grand Inc. have taken a tour of Governors Island and expressed an interest in developing an entertainment center on part of the island, city officials said last night.
They vigorously defend their policy of delaying applications as an essential tool in their efforts to destroy the culture of dependency in poor neighborhoods and to push people to rely on themselves first, not on public charity.
''I agree with the big bang,'' said a Japanese banker, ''but I'm not so sure about the timing.
It was a bad dream, one that recurred for months.
Most early videos were produced in unlimited editions; recently artists have tried to adapt to the market by creating a limited number of higher-priced tapes.
In 1998, Bill Clinton believes it's his right not only to lie to the American people and thwart lawful investigations of his conduct, but to lie under an oath before God.''
As a result, McGwire did not lose any ground in his quest to get to 62.
It, too, was delicious, though lacking even a grain of wild rice.
brochure did not mention organically grown food, but environmentalists and consumers on the committee that drew up the brochure protested.
Except that it wasn't his grandmother's attic that he explored, and what he did explore was not an attic but a closet where his mother kept his uncle's steamer trunk.
Businesses can send and receive items via Federal Express.
They referred the case to the internal audit bureau of the I.N.S., which is conducting another review.
But in promoting ''Thanks of a Grateful Nation,'' Showtime's advertising slogan, while certainly breathless, is also probably true: ''The movie the Government doesn't want you to see.''
Why would they possibly do that?
Isshin's logo is drawn in bold black brush strokes contained in a circle.
Higginson hit his sixth homer an inning later off Tom Candiotti (3-4), the losing pitcher.
He was a sophisticated painter who calculatedly played a country-cousin role.
11 8 ''M'' IS FOR MALICE, by Sue Grafton.
The charges were especially startling because they were leveled at former members of the starting basketball squad at Northwestern University, a school known more for academic rigor than athletic prowess.
''I'm beginning to understand the right-wing property rights groups,'' Ms. Burkett said.
''It was like a military campaign except nobody dies.
And the answer was because none of us lives long enough.''
''The experience of Latin America has clearly demonstrated that the answer to political crises is not to pass more and more laws each time, above all if these are defective or are not applied, but in having a few good laws that are respected,'' he said.
When Mary Evelyn Tucker, one of the event's prime movers, took the podium, she set forth a couple of direct questions to link the two.
Returning to the hut, we dressed in dry rain gear, dry gloves and our still-wet shoes, and put on our backpacks.
''We are not just repairing the ceiling but completely rebuilding it.''
Ms. Belzberg graduated from Barnard College, has a master's degree from the London School of Economics, and once worked for the political consultant David Garth (''I was his slave'').
But it was only in the last day or so that the company showed a willingness to negotiate in earnest with the Justice Department over concerns about anticompetitive practices raised by the Government and several state attorneys general.
Invariably, such trepidations have been minimized by ''pragmatic'' political voices, or shouted down by business leaders who were seduced by China's vast potential market only to become hostages should our policies toward that country turn more confrontational.
Dinner for two with a bottle of Chianti is $46.
He produced her hits ''Crazy,'' ''I Fall to Pieces'' and ''Sweet Dreams,'' signaling the start of what would be known as the Nashville Sound -- a lusher, cleaner, more commercial version of country music, principally made by a handful of musicians and producers.
Thanks to a new dirt track, it is arguably possible to creep and lurch almost all the way up Mount Ithome by car, then scramble up the last few yards.
''I'm not engaged,'' Ms. Mucha said, not quite as if she were referring to a disease.
A conviction for sexual battery carries up to 10 years.
Most have been with him for many years.
Since 1995, however, more Cubans have been resorting to smugglers, who own boats that are better equipped for the journey.
When Mr. Cohen sought to publish a long article several years ago on Israel's nuclear program -- drawn, as is the book, from declassified documents in the public domain -- he dutifully submitted it to the military censor in Israel.
Marshals Twitching jaw muscles and hard brown eyes signal a Tommy Lee Jones so much on the brink of explosion that not even cartoon-balloon dialogue can dilute the intensity.
''You should see my army there.
Back to the woody plants.
In the 13-minute tape, Paul said that he and Jesse had been sexually assaulted regularly in their pre-teen years by their father, who went then by the name of Charles W. Timmendequas.
This year the schools are offering Spanish only to second and fifth graders, and a few first graders.
Reports in the Russian press attribute the move to everything from disputes over the proceeds from uranium sales to Kremlin frustration with Mr. Mikhailov's stubborn penchant for independence.
In some cases, experts say, sexually explicit material may help child molesters redirect their sexual feelings toward adults.
Despite being a home run away from a new record, Maris didn't play the next game against the Orioles.
We extend our deepest sympathy to her family and friends.
Another policy adopted in much of Western Europe, Australia and Canada is to allow exchange of used needles for clean ones.
But the Devils came back with Elias's second goal.
hooting for an encore,'' Gary Krist wrote here in 1997.
6 17 DIVINE SECRETS OF THE YA-YA SISTERHOOD, by Rebecca Wells.
How does the American branch of the order fit into the international organization?
A coalition of seven human rights groups in Congo criticized the Government today for banning the country's main human rights group, the Zairian Association of Human Rights.
Little of this is apparent in the piece, which is set to a vivid, densely textured score by Brad Kaus.
Some are monochromatic, some multicolored; ''Chartres'' has the bejeweled luminosity of stained glass (Johnson).
''We don't sit and talk and thrash it out.
''But I don't think he took the step many people were anticipating,'' Mr. Ney said.
* ''THE GOVERNESS,'' starring Minnie Driver and Tom Wilkinson.
And Gordon Willis, the superb cinematographer who feuded with Mr. Coppola throughout the making of ''The Godfather,'' told an interviewer: ''I like to lay out a thing and make it work, with discipline.
At 12, she has the mental capacity of a newborn and spends nearly all her waking hours convulsed by laughter.
''Bear does not feel that it's cost structure is out of whack and does not have to do a large staff reduction,'' he said.
''He said, 'Now that it's over with, it's kind of a downer.
Indeed, nearly 8 in 10 voters said the state's economic condition was good or excellent, and nearly half said it would stay that way in the coming year.
''He is horrible, he is abject.
Listeners can choose between the first concert on Dec. 29 or a repeat performance on Dec. 30, both at 8 P.M. at St. Luke's Church on Route 100 in Somers.
Organic molecules can have a right- or left-handed form, but key molecules in living creatures exist only in left-handed forms.
''It is not good to speak about it.
Dr. Ricardo Martinez, administrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, said most were too loose or were hooked up without a locking clip, so that the lap belt could play out in an accident.
A spokesman at the Federal Attorney's office said he was not promised a green card in exchange for his testimony.
The first, another single-tower design, was a cable-stayed structure, with fan-shaped planes of cables splayed out from a concrete tower to the road-deck's edges.
I absolutely drew the line at taking the moving sidewalk over the picturesque bridge that leads from the main base area to a less populated lift.
''I get booed all the time.
In the last year, Federal Border Patrol agents caught about two dozen Chinese immigrants trying to cross the border illegally from Mexico to Arizona, Federal immigration officials said.
But yesterday, Governor Pataki said that the surplus, estimated to be as large as $248 million just last week, had grown to $379 million for the year.
For all the hype of their 13-0 record, the Broncos had been vulnerable in their two previous victories, over the San Diego Chargers and the Kansas City Chiefs.
The only living things here are flowers.
A superpower like the United States, in other words, can remain a global hegemon -- what Madeleine Albright calls the ''indispensable nation'' -- only if it refrains from acting like one.
But the tactic backfired and gave the issue momentum.
''It was heaven,'' said Mr. Fagan, 58.
Not that every Burger King employee gets one.
Shooting an eight-under-par 64, and finishing with back-to-back birdies, King held a one-stroke lead over Meg Mallon and Wendy Doolan after the first round at Essex Golf and Country Club.
South finessed successfully, and East played the four followed by the three.
The wire, Dr. Brinker believes, may unexpectedly break and pierce the heart, killing wearers of the pacemaker.
Ms. Schreiber also obligingly listed her favorite makes and models -- Calvin Klein, DKNY, Kate Moss and Cindy Crawford -- chanting their names in the sing-song rhythm of a small girl skipping rope.
AT HOME WITH THE MARQUIS DE SADE A Life By Francine Du Plessix Gray Illustrated.
Mike Keane, Brian Skrudland and Jeff Beukeboom are reportedly among the players Smith would like to trade.
The officials said they regarded the Earth Liberation Front's claim as legitimate, although they appeared to have no suspects.
Teen-ager No 1: ''You don't have to be Jewish.
''With that in mind,'' he said, ''I've won.
The problem is in the practices, not in the laws.''
Already, the Federal Trade Commission and European Union are studying the proposed $48.2 billion merger between British Petroleum and the Amoco Corporation; additionally, another big deal was announced today when Total S.A. of France said it would buy Petrofina S.A. of Belgium in a stock deal valued at $13 billion.
In its detailed re-creation of scenes and dialogue from the past, the book almost reads like a novel.
Network executives agree that more confrontations are coming -- probably by 2004, when many stations' contracts with their networks will expire.
His critics in the conservative opposition say that by keeping a tight rein on spending, Mr. Strauss-Kahn in effect went back on Mr. Jospin's campaign promises.
Still, for some opponents -- those who view birth control as a sin -- the issue does not boil down to dollars.
To replace the handrail on the bar in the Grill Room, an entire walnut tree was imported from Transylvania, Mr. von Bidder said.
Mr. Asher is the wine columnist for Gourmet magazine.
Nor does he appear particularly sanguine about prospects for the bond market.
BARBARA A. LEWIS Short Hills, N.J., Dec. 31, 1997
But some also insisted that Mr. Suharto favored the Chinese.
Is not the law to be applied equally to all Americans, be they interns or Presidents?
Mr. Ritter, an American who directed and conducted inspections in Iraq, has correctly warned that the world has largely lost its ability to hunt down Iraqi weapons projects.
A18 On Clinton's Reasoning President Clinton's decision to invoke executive privilege in the Monica S. Lewinsky inquiry was an effort to protect the Presidency and to slow the independent counsel's criminal inquiry, say lawyers in the investigation, White House officials and independent analysts.
He said that the hiring of a Washington lawyer, Nathaniel Speights, had compensated for any criminal law or Washington shortcomings in Ms. Lewinsky's defense and that any zigzags in his account had resulted from trying to keep up with the leaks coming from the independent counsel's office.
The Clinton Administration has been concerned that the power of both the Council and the commission, known as Unscom, were being eroded under a barrage of Iraqi acts of defiance.
Such ''filter'' programs have been widely criticized by civil libertarians as ineffective because they fail to screen out all material that might be harmful to minors and in the process block a wide spectrum of material that is not inappropriate.
''We had a lot of good chances,'' Devils Coach Jacques Lemaire said.
Since Mr. Quezada did not have an ounce of baking know-how, how was it that he decided to open a bakery next door to the travel agency he had operated for seven years?
The world will end anytime soon, Prophet still maintains.
There is a chapter in the fall fashion story devoted to romance, to exotic embroideries and patterns inspired by foreign cultures.
You left us too soon.
His right leg was amputated in October because of complications of diabetes.
Phil Patton, who writes the Public Eye column in the House & Home section of The New York Times, is keenly interested in the origins of U.F.O.
''When you observe an active physics class,'' Fran Leahy, an assistant principal at Fox Lane and a former science teacher, said, ''You come away saying: 'This is working.
''Yes, they do,'' Mr. Treuhaft replied.
Hours: Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Fridays, 9 A.M. to 5 P.M.; Thursdays, 9 A.M. to 7 P.M.; Saturdays, 11 A.M. to 4 P.M. 1205 McBride Avenue, West Paterson.
This would be done without budging the key refinancing rate, which would stay at 3 percent.
Trim the okra and leave the pods whole.
''Our dollar policy remains absolutely unchanged,'' he replied.
Once Brandon's balloon payment of $7 million for next year kicks in, the Bucks, if under the salary cap, would be able to take multiple players in a deal.
I don't want to see them, but they're coming.''
Only 6 of CUNY's 17 trustees attended the hearing.
That money, he emphasized, was only a small part of the funds his investigation has uncovered.
'' After Mr. Johnson and Mr. Gordon worked with the international prosecutors in The Hague, they came back and joined James Martz, an assistant state attorney in Palm Beach, Fla., and technological whiz, and a group of other prosecutors and police officers to gather some equipment for their colleagues abroad.
AT&T is cutting about 22,300 jobs, or 17 percent of its staff.
Mr. Dear said the city's taxi agency was better equipped than the State Department of Motor Vehicles to offer such a test.
Le Vier admitted to ''some embarrassing facts.''
But the leader of the Democratic Party, Massoud Barzani, refused to turn Mr. Sakik over to the Turkish authorities.
ALICE AUSTEN HOUSE, 2 Hylan Boulevard, Rosebank, Staten Island.
++ means discounted tickets were available at the TKTS booth for performances last Saturday night only.
''If there is a massacre here, the Government will be responsible.
A particular threat is a disorder known as tardive dyskinesia, which is characterized by abnormal involuntary movements, like severe facial grimacing.
These days, hardly anyone, with the exception of Coach Jacques Lemaire, seems to pay attention to the bulletin board.
The ability to flee from suffering is a direct result of an empty soul.
Prosecutors had tried to bar that effort.
His wisdom, commitment, & leadership as our former treasurer contributed enormously to the growth of our organization and we will miss him.
Celia W. Dugger (NYT) THE AMERICAS ARGENTINA: GLOBAL WARRANT FOR EX-DICTATOR-- A Swiss judge has issued an international arrest warrant for a former President, Gen. Jorge Rafael Videla, in connection with the disappearance of a Swiss-Chilean student in Buenos Aires in 1977.
Mr. Ludlow was a graduate of the Greenvale School, St. Paul's School and Yale University, Phi Beta Kappa, Class of 1934.
Cronson said Mason had volunteered a blood sample immediately after the incident to help exonerate himself.
In lieu of flowers, donations may be sent to Missionaries of Charity, Mother Theresa, P.O.
I am tired and I will go home.
Of the six outright winners, all incumbents, one was a Yabloko candidate, and two belonged to smaller democratic parties.
Tickets, $500, from (212) 878-5928.
Still, in both continental Europe and Asia, the Journal fields more full-time reporters.
In the second semifinal, Bure scored the first three goals, two on breakaways, taking advantage of turnovers.
JANET MALCOLM is author of ''Diana and Nikon: Essays on Photography,'' ''The Journalist and the Murderer'' and ''In the Freud Archives,'' among other books.
''Did you ever have a sexual affair with Monica Lewinsky?''
Of course, as the only American, I took a lot of teasing,'' she laughs.
Well, wait a minute, now.
The two Republican board members said they voted in Ms. Kelly's favor in the interest of expanding ballot access in New York.
''We have 900 cities in this nation.
''That is why I became so attached to Jerusalem,'' he said.
They're embarrassed to admit they lost him three paragraphs ago.
Mr. Shah said he believed that his eldest son, Bharat, 39, had been killed because he had encouraged other businessmen to seek police protection rather than pay extortion.
''It made you feel like nothing and there was no place to go but down.
What Nets Coach John Calipari is hoping is that with the two days between games, Keith Van Horn and Chris Gatling will be back to full strength after bouts with a stomach virus and possible strep throat, respectively.
The system relies on animation and high-quality digitized images to simulate the actual turning of pages.
You're the Zodiac, and I've been looking for you for six years.''
But they are not the biggest spenders.
KOREAN CUISINE: A DAY OF KOREAN CULTURE.
However, the primary responsibility for discovering causes of the accident, and making sure that construction can safely proceed, lies with New York City.
A bill approved yesterday by the Assembly Health Committee would require the state to try to notify people who have had sex or shared needles with people infected with the virus that causes AIDS.
Of the two solo pianists heard here, Pierre-Laurent Aimard in ''Reveil'' gives a performance of great virtuosity and detailed musical character, whereas Joela Jones in ''Sept Haikai'' is more vehement and more subjective, sometimes making the birds sound like Scriabin -- or like the Messiaen of younger days.
And Martin is very dedicated, very passionate, and would kill himself to maintain standards.
Black led Tennessee with 19 points on 8-for-10 shooting.
After the game, Croatia officials said they would protest to FIFA because a Serbian woman was used to translate their news conference after the game.
And whenever he chooses to stake his claim to a venture that can grow into an actor's annuity, Holmes is just the fellow upon whom Mr. Whitehead has the panache to fashion a solo show.
A show celebrating the legacy of Duke Ellington will be on view through February.
The Wihan's playing is roomy with rubato, and the musicians regroup with natural ease around whichever of them has the main line at the moment.
Later, Leiter was asked to assess the Mets' collective thoughts after a thoroughly depressing week.
OSETRA -- (Acipenser gueldenstaedti, $14.50 to $75 an ounce).
He acted like a professional.''
At 9:30, a birthday cake will be cut and the fireworks display will begin.
The deal for the DKNY store, situated directly opposite the Calvin Klein store in Manhattan's premier high-fashion corridor, involved changing the space to provide maximum frontage on Madison Avenue.
''This was not a decision taken against Germany,'' Mr. Wiedeking insisted.
''It's an old, traditional dish in Provence, and I was told it was served in the court of Louis XIV.
Although we had a $2.5 million grant from the state for two buildings for permanent and transient residents, the catch was that we needed about $250,000 in order to buy the land, get approval for the building plan and the license.
A few cheap urban vouchers are but a foot-in-the-door gimmick to accomplish goals that will cost Americans monetarily and socially.
Ms. Durell said that life at the complex had improved immeasurably since Mr. Stone was removed from his position in late 1994.
The San Francisco Giants' next home, at a breathtaking waterfront site, will be the first baseball stadium financed almost entirely by private capital in more than 30 years.
How does this stack up?
Will studios begin to take on the role of quasi-editors -- suggesting stories that lend themselves to screenplays and steering a publication away from those that do not?
What takes courage is to compete in the arena of democracy .
MIRIAM SINGER BREYER Solana Beach, Calif., May 28
Seventeen riders quit the race in the Pyrenees, some out of exhaustion, some because of crashes on foggy and slippery roads.
Special New Year's Eve tours will ponder the key mystery of the floodlighted temples: Do the groupings of men and women captured in carnal play portray the emptiness of human passion or -- as some scholars believe -- teach that gratification of earthly desires is a step closer to enlightenment?
The recognition that there was something of that child.
The visa for El Duque, for example, expires at the end of the baseball season, as do those of five other Yankee players, including Japan's Hideki Irabu and Australia's Graeme Lloyd.
EXTRA POINTS Offensive tackle JUMBO ELLIOTT, who twisted his right ankle Tuesday, sat out Wednesday's practice.
''Everyone is angry because they're stuck in traffic, but the development hasn't even opened yet.
His last name, fittingly, is Bryant.
REPUBLICANS Replenishing the Well Republican opposition to the I.M.F.
Glenallen Hill followed with a two-run homer to right-center.
Part of the profit picture, though, could be determined by events in Asia, and they do not look good.
The object, as Devereaux sees it, is to seal off the borough, ''squeeze it'' and ''be home in time for the playoffs.''
A rich Brazilian bossa-nova score gives the movie exactly the mood of bittersweet longing (Holden).
There's nothing to jump up and down about.''
In one story, children decided to be a soup.
ends a relationship begun before National acquired Cyrix in 1997.
From their cold-water flat in a poor section of the Bronx, he took a subway to Public School 6, on the Upper East Side of Manhattan.
Behind rows of razor wire, it houses 620 boys and young men, age 11 to 20, in stifling corrugated-iron barracks jammed with bunks.
''It was a trap game,'' he said.
Kennedy called on the wise men for help in the Cuban crisis, and Johnson for his efforts to get out of Vietnam.
Choreographers and other performing-arts specialists who worked with the troupe were received modest fees.
The investigators say they believe that the commission has not met in almost two years, mainly because of disarray within three of the region's mob families.
The vaccine, RotaShield, fights the intestinal infection called rotavirus that is the leading cause of severe diarrhea in childhood.
As Wright walked off the field, head down, the crowd roared mockingly, thanking him for his effort.
The plays themselves have nothing in common except their display of talent and the heritage of a discipline whose pleasures can only be simulated by films and television.
Mr. McKinney, of Fairfield, said that he had done work on behalf of the tobacco company, but denied changing his resume.
An even more important decision seems to have been this: that if staging and music will not succeed, color might.
He's kind of the glue.''
The Israeli Army chief of staff, Lieut.
The BMW 540i Protection has mats of a plastic tissuelike material called aramide fiber -- which BMW says is lighter and stronger than bulletproof vests -- tucked like insulation behind the body panels and the back seat.
Indeed, Nicole took a proprietary interest in everything.
Within each exchange, random digits were added to form a complete telephone number, thus permitting access to both listed and unlisted numbers.
Want to meet a small-scale guru?
Dustin Cambell, 13, remembered Mitchell Johnson saying, ''Everyone that hates me, everyone that I don't like is going to die.''
The events of last week suggest that the Court's optimism was misplaced.
He's wearing a helmet, too.
Their idea of a good field trip is one in which they can be useful.
The exhibition includes this work and an even more extravagant tour de force, ''Phenomenon,'' an apocalyptic freak show painting from the late 1930's on loan from the State Tretyakov Gallery in Moscow.
''They had the possibility of focusing all their attention on one or two issues.''
This strategy succeeds for the first half of Shepard's novel.
''The charge: sitting on a sleeping toddler!
Ms. Bullock, who received lukewarm reviews this summer for ''Hope Floats,'' was chosen because ''she's quite a popular actress here,'' said Lorraine Jamison, a spokeswoman for the festival.
We show them how to package it, how to shop it and who to shop it to.''
July 16, 1970-November 6, 1988.
''They talk about bundling, but what's missing is someone to sell the bundle,'' he said.
Friday at 8 P.M. Tickets: $15 to $54.
Their first break came in 1992 when a company dropped out of its rental agreement with SoHo Rep, and Mr. Dobrish, then working at the theater, was given the booking in exchange for box office duties.
Former President Gerald R. Ford broke his silence on the White House scandal today and suggested that the most fitting punishment for President Clinton would be a rebuke in the well of the House, where he would stand and listen while Republicans and Democrats denounced his conduct.
Scores of American pension checks and Social Security checks also arrive every month to help support retirees.
Doubles are $377 and $447, without breakfast.
To his detractors, among them major-league owners, general managers and scouts, Boras is the most hated man in baseball, an agent notorious for his market-breaking salary demands and his Svengali-like hold over his clients, including 50 major-league and 35 minor- league players.
Well, corporate care is not any different, and that's what we got right now.''
The rhetoric of American politics requires Democrats and Republicans alike to praise the free market, but every day bankers and traders actually pray that market regulators like Alan Greenspan, chairman of that eminently Rooseveltian institution, the Federal Reserve, will deliver them from the ravages of markets red in tooth and claw.
's request, the company then put a black box on Duract packages to highlight the warning against extended use.
C. CLAIBORNE RAY Readers are invited to submit questions about science to Questions, Science Times, The New York Times, 229 West 43d Street, New York, N.Y. 10036.
Most of the years came when share prices were very depressed, as during the 1930's and after the severe 1973-74 bear market.
''For a team that's trying to win for the third time in a row, it's not uncommon to fight yourself.
Israeli officials complain that apparent Palestinian commitments made during the talks suddenly seemed to disappear, referring to such security issues as the confiscation of excess weapons and the reduction of Palestinian forces.
weapons, the initials standing for ''chemical, bacteriological and radiological.''
On Monday, during a one-hour lesson on note taking, the section of the test that Ms. Sacharoff's students have found most foreign, the teacher made no reference to the exam.
Jesse Jackson said this summer at a New York conference intended to attract capital to minority groups.
Father Huddleston, as he was called early in his clerical career, raised his voice against the racial policy of what was then called the Union of South Africa, which mandated discrimination against nonwhites, especially Africans.
As much as they look backward, both embrace an impersonal blockbuster mentality and pop-record esthetic that, like it or not, are revolutionizing the sound and substance of the Broadway musical.
Though the loan would seem to alleviate any immediate pressure on Oxford to find capital, it is unclear how quickly the company will be able to line up other investors.
Today the city seems more like Caligula's Rome.
Mr. Blair looks very much at home after nine months in 10 Downing Street, working with jacket off in a side room off the main entrance corridor.
Just as important to customers -- and maybe more so -- is getting good technical support from a company once they have bought a product.
As to Ms. Thompson's portrayal of the candidate's wife, many viewers seemed to distinguish between fact and fiction.
And about 60 percent spend more than half their income on rent and utilities.
Too much gambling gave him ulcers and gastritis and cancer, he figures.
She is a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Francis T. Doyen of Fishers Island.
But there are such wide disparities across the country in who gets audited that residents in New York City and its suburbs continue to be treated with kid gloves by the Internal Revenue Service while those in California have been hit comparatively hard.
For all its seamlessness, however, the voice sounds young.
Sharon Mear celebrated with her mother, Ruth, and the families of her two brothers, grateful that the existence of her sister, Miralee Caryl, has finally been reaffirmed.
I wondered if it wasn't a linguistic mishap like ''leg of lamp,'' but boar's penis soup is what everyone thought it was.
office, 55 other players have suffered concussions this season.
THE $4.3 billion Mutual Discovery fund has moved to mid-cap names in the United States, and its size will lessen its ability to buy the smaller European stocks that had bolstered its performance, Mr. Goldfarb says.
The data needed to be seen more quickly and ''massaged'' with greater flexibility.
Fleming's career is a study in the vagaries of movie history.
After many years of growing more slowly than the industry as a whole, American is planning to take delivery of 49 new Boeing jets next year, increasing its total number of seats by 6 percent.
Sensing a big opportunity, Barry Meyer, the chief operating officer, decided to take ''Friends'' into the syndication market -- where repeats of shows are sold to TV stations for prices that often reach hundreds of millions -- after Year 1, earlier than any previous show.
''Look,'' he said, ''what am I, giving you a solution for the Mideast?''
They have said that the case is not being pursued aggressively because of American fears of offending Saudi Arabia, an important oil supplier.
Puddin' Place, 1008 University Avenue (601-234-1250), is an 1892 house, with many original details, furnished with antiques.
He said, 'If that's what you want to do, let's do it.'
After the first few minutes of driving, pull over and check to make sure that the load is still secure and none of the tie-downs have worked loose.
It will also manage Sweetheart.
He grew up in Virginia (like his famous forebear), went to the College of William and Mary's law school (ditto) and even dabbled in public service (O.K., so he served as a clerk in the Virginia Legislature, while Thomas Jefferson went on to draft the Declaration of Independence and become the third President of the United States).
pictures can be downloaded for free.
My brother wishes to meet a writing deadline via E-mail while crossing the Atlantic Ocean by ship.
On a recent morning, more than 120 customers bustled about, making deposits and withdrawals.
The goals, considered revolutionary then, were to grant Harman employees increased job security and safety, recognize them as individuals with varying interests and needs and give them roles in decisions affecting work conditions and training.
First is how to classify ''Swan Lake,'' Matthew Bourne's testosterone-driven take on the dance classic: Is it a new musical or merely a ballet on Broadway?
Other prospective jurors said it was one of those only-in-New-York scenes, with Mr. Allen trying to blend in with the woodwork, but everybody looking at him, even as they pretended to be deep in their newspapers.
In the name of a radical utopia, the Khmer Rouge regime had turned most of the people into slaves.
All four -- Trent Lott of Mississippi, Connie Mack of Florida, Dan Coats of Indiana and James M. Jeffords of Vermont -- excused themselves from voting in the Senate.
La Vigna 440 Main Street, Little Falls (973) 890-0203 VERY GOOD ATMOSPHERE Isn't it romantic?
One man, the defiant owner of a cat named Go-Go, even took matters into his own hands, walking right past a police barricade and into his West 44th Street apartment.
His shirt pocket was crowded -- full of receipts, papers, a checkbook, yellow pencils and a blue toothbrush.
Devoted mother of Marianne Brew, William C. and the late Henry L. Ughetta.
By fall, according to the parks department, a new lawn will be growing around the pavilion.
A second official on the Mexican Attorney General's staff who has studied the Munoz case also acknowledged its weakness.
To such concerns, Mr. McCain had a ready answer for voters in the pivotal primary states of Iowa and New Hampshire: ''I'd say, 'I know you're happy with your life and the present Administration, but are you proud?'
''We would have had to pull the money away from needed services, payroll and the like, which means we may have had to lay off signficant numbers of people.''
In 1953, he joined the Anglo-American Corporation's public relations department, from which he was recruited for the editorship of The Mail.
''When all the returns are in and we look at the sell-through results for the full calendar year,'' said Lawrence F. Probst 3d, chairman of Electronic Arts, ''I think this will be the biggest year in the history of the video game industry.''
I'm supposed to say -- if they say, ''Has Monica Lewinsky ever said to you that she is in love with the President or is having a physical relationship with the President?''
They were arrested when they went looking for the children, who had been taken to a hospital by the authorities, the police said.
''It's going to make the other players push a little bit more,'' he said.
''Mein Kampf'' is now published by Hutchinson's sister imprint, Pimlico.
In the vials are powdered cocaine and crack.
''I've never seen so many radar guns in my life,'' Heisig said.
It also restores a portrait of a city, first produced on the eve of the Wall Street crash, that turns out to be as vivid for its shadows as for its comic highlights (2:00).
Dress greens with 2 tablespoons basic vinaigrette.
Yesterday, the Conference Board reported that a larger-than-expected increase in consumer confidence sent its index to nearly the highest level in 30 years, 136.7 in April, from a revised 133.8 in March.
In Hoboken, you're getting Manhattan yuppies.''
But 17,000 acres, including the entire Spanish Lake basin -- a popular destination for canoeists, fishermen and hunters -- are in jeopardy.
It exploited its convenient time zone to become the world's fourth-largest foreign-exchange market, after London, New York and Tokyo.
Another telling sign: the chairmen of both Sprint and MCI were chosen to give keynote speeches, along with those from Microsoft and Intel.
Well, Lip Smackers are typically transparent, flavored stuff that makes your lips feel good.
The purchase, expected to close early next month, includes five key onshore fields and some smaller fields.
Davenport, who is a shade under 6 feet 3 inches, now discloses her weight -- 175 pounds -- without blushing.
Memorial service in the Chapel of the Madison Avenue Presbyterian Church, 921 Madison Avenue, New York, NY at 11:00 a.m., on Friday, October 23, 1998.
A growing body of international law has in the last 10 years made it somewhat easier to reach across borders and apprehend suspects accused of torture, genocide and other ''crimes against humanity.''
Brother of Gretchen Milhaupt, Merimee Moffitt, Tony Milhaupt and Ann Bottinelli.
Mr. Clinton signed three proclamations, for National Family Week, National Farm-City Week and National Great American Smokeout Day, which was the next day.
The other day I went to Copacabana Beach in Nantes, the old city on the Loire estuary, where hosts trucked in tons of sand so young people could play beach soccer, so elegant women from Cameroon could sell T-shirts and artwork, so Moroccan entrepreneurs could sell Middle Eastern sweets.
Then he made them, as he delivered 5 of 9 from 3-point range.
''Dinosaur in the sense of becoming extinct.''
He has no credibility with the members since he accepted a two-year pay freeze.''
Classrooms,'' Nov. 24) is the fact that we all agree on one thing: Evolution is a theory that happens to explain all the available data.
George E. Pataki this fall.
Only two of the six floors are open to the public.
Opposition surfaced in a flurry of critical letters to newspapers and the Loudoun County planning department after the Saudi Government chose the site last year.
Under the measure, the state will pay the Pacific Lumber Company $130 million for the tract and turn it into a public park.
People see that land trusts are a way to do something about it.''
He had already made a driving layup with his team trailing by 3 points with 37.1 seconds left.
The corruption cases are unsettling at a time when police departments should be experiencing a heroic heyday, as crime in cities across the country is going down and many cities, including Cleveland, are experiencing a renaissance as people feel it is safer to spend time there.
His presence will be missed.
Men and boys alike seem to have been deeply affected by the craze for dinosaurs and the digital monsters of Jurassic Park.
''There aren't many guys to date, and the ones there are have their pick of so many women that they have a tendency to become players,'' said Ms.
NEW ORLEANS SAINTS Released WR Milt Stegall and LB Mark Lillibridge.
The survivor, who has a shock of black hair and full black mustache, has essentially been a captive in his house since he hobbled the half-mile back home Saturday afternoon.
Speaker Newt Gingrich sent his rank and file home with instructions to gin up a public outcry in August in favor of a House Republican plan to devote $700 billion of a projected $1.5 trillion Federal surplus over the next decade to tax cuts and dedicate the remaining surplus to Social Security.
Representative George W. Gekas, the Pennsylvania Republican who authored the bill, argued that bankruptcy has become too easy, its stigma vanishing to the point where some people use it as a financial planning tool.
''It was a tremendous proving we had to do, and did.''
To the Editor: A June 9 Science Times article reporting on a study of cancer patients showing that false hope can lead patients to choose aggressive therapies that increase suffering raises issues encountered by those who are unprepared to face them.
''We can't say what will happen in Brazil tomorrow, much less next week,'' he said.
No, the trouble is simply how familiar this sale feels.
Despite missing its top players, Nigeria beat Iran in the Carlsberg Cup at Hong Kong on Garba Ahmed's goal five minutes into the second half.
''A partial failure of the financial sector, therefore, might lead to a systemic crisis.''
Experience has shown me that conditions change, sometimes dramatically over time, so earlier plans must be adjusted.
William Alden McDaniel, Mr. Blumenthal's lawyer, said Mr. Blumenthal had declined to answer one question today on what he called ''a minor topic,'' which he did not describe.
''These chimps help us test medicines,'' he says.
Why is a pedophile as likely now to be greeted on release from prison by a lynch mob as by a therapist?
Both shows close June 22; (39-6) 488-5465.
He added: ''It was the weight of the evidence.
Echoing the ''I have a dream'' cadences of Martin Luther King Jr., a descendant of slaves, he waxed rhapsodic about the ''beauty and intelligence, energy and spirit'' that he had seen in African faces, ''the faces of Africa's future.''
The triple Olympic gold medalist Michelle Smith of Ireland faces a disciplinary hearing -- and possible lifetime ban -- after a backup test revealed signs that her urine sample was manipulated.
The Web site does not charge for membership.
You spend so much time at work with people, you want to have your employees develop and improve their sense of family and their positive feelings within the company.
''Heart byStone,'' sculpture by Eric Laxman.
CASE, a 10-year-old program that integrates public service into academic course work, received $60,000 from Rutgers to set up ServiceNet and maintain it.
''If I don't get parts,'' he said with a grin, ''it's because they say I'm too ethnic looking.''
Eras also have their time of day; the Middle Ages is early morning; fourth-century Athens is brilliant noon.
An official report on his wrongdoing, recently printed in People's Daily, was almost like a catalogue of how to run a family empire, with Mr. Chu's wife and daughter running a huge bribe-taking scheme.
The requirement would apply to teachers who earn a state license beginning in September 2000, but it would not affect those who are licensed now.
''Now they can buy anything they want, but they have no money.
has suspended its aid, which was part of the same package, which totaled $17 billion.
Whether or not Cassity's ideas work for a new generation, his something-for-everyone approach has a certain logic: everyone is, after all, terminal.
''It would be like me going up to a married person and saying, 'I'm really rooting for you to be allowed polygamy.'
Besides giving Benes $18 million, the Diamondbacks last November gave Jay Bell, another Boras client, $34 million, another contract that raised eyebrows and blood pressures in other front offices.
But the intensity of the coming war of which American leaders are warning is not accurately measured by body counts.
The archived materials range in price from cut-rate to -- if they are the result of years of NASA research -- extravagant.
Several of the people who appeared on line with opinions relating to race did not respond to electronic messages from a reporter in connection with this article, and others declined to allow their names to be used.
GOVERNMENT OFFICES -- Federal offices that keep Saturday hours will be closed.
The Immigration and Naturalization Service also said it had no information on the case.
The art of making pictures came to Mr. Bey serendipitously.
ABC GALLERY Ink paintings and drawings by John M. Mishler.
''Twenty years ago, these theaters were used by established theater companies, who would rent these places to workshop new pieces,'' Mr. Cullom said.
Those polls predicted no outright winner, with two possible outcomes: either a coalition government led by a Hindu nationalist group, the Bharatiya Janata Party, or a rival coalition of so-called secular parties opposed to Hindu nationalism.
In Biloxi, there was also flooding.
The Yankee official would not specify the players San Diego has expressed an interest in acquiring, but Boehringer and Bruske probably would not command a great asking price.
President Bush declared victory on Feb. 28, and on March 3 Iraq agreed to a cease-fire on American terms.
The agency is an affiliate of the UJA-Federation of New York, one of the seven charities supported by The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund.
Ms. Voigt sang beautifully and purely.
Jim Geibel, a detective, shows slides of the havoc wreaked by a bomb that killed a family of four in their car, and the students quiz him about how the bomb was carried (in a cooler) and what bomb-squad technicians wear.
(+) 10 56 *INTO THE WILD, by Jon Krakauer.
The material was sought in a civil case brought against the Federal Bureau of Investigation by a lawyer seeking to prove the Clinton Administration misused FBI files.
Where interest rates go from here is unclear.
And Bear in Mind (Editors' choices of other recent books of particular interest) THE BEACH: The History of Paradise on Earth, by Lena Lencek and Gideon Bosker.
''But so is the theory that you want to threaten him, because then he gears up his fund-raising and sucks up all the money the other Democrats are going after.''
.,'' the eyes of the speaker, a nabob in real estate, glaze over, as in remembrance of first love or other consummations, ''.
And now the Sizers were getting a dose of school reality: For the previous two weeks, Parker had been forced to yank half its students out of class to take a battery of exams that represents the Commonwealth of Massachusetts's very different idea of school reform.
Sales of trade books are finally on the rise, and book reviews are booming.
Contributions in his memory may be made to Jacob Perlow Hospice at Beth Israel Hospital, 1st Ave at 16th Street, New York, New York 10003.
He did so with energy and determination, but unlike other defense lawyers -- including Klaus Croissant and Hans-Christian Strobele -- he was never charged with involvement in the terrorist movement and never arrested.
Inspired by a recent period in Mr. Finn's life in which he was wrongly believed to have an inoperable brain tumor, the show's dominant tone is of a cosmic gratitude.
The dozen or so spectators were joined by a larger group of reporters.
* To that end, the images are presented as tiny ambrotypes that resemble religious mementos.
They are older than 55 and members of Seniornet, a national nonprofit computer training organization that teaches computer technology and the Internet to more than 23,000 older people a year.
Unlike a bank, the program was willing to finance almost the whole purchase price of the warehouse.
Among them are Leroy Person (1907-1985) from North Carolina, creator of sculptural furniture; the Pennsylvania painter Peter Charlie Besharo (1898-1960), who produced vivid images of a sci-fi Eden, and P. M. Wentworth (an artist who worked in the 1950's), whose visionary nocturnes in smudged crayon may have been inspired by his job as a night watchman in Oakland, Calif. Also on hand, to bring the show into the present, are several contemporary figures with active careers.
Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. destroyed segregation in public accommodations in 1963 and secured voting rights for blacks in 1965.
But the number is of questionable usefulness except as a trend, said Kathleen M. Tooher, the county's Budget Director.
And Pancho Quinto went straight into the heart of the rumba, traditionalist's territory.
''The World More or Less'' takes up the inner life of the quizzical, derisively self-mocking, myopic narrator, a young man striving uncertainly to be a writer and remembering the events of his adolescent and early adult years.
So a corner bagel shop could pay $9,000 a year for the new stadium every year until 2004 -- a total of $45,000.
Those who are skeptical that there was a working relationship between the Starr and Jones camps must ask how it could be that the independent counsel's deputies could confront Ms. Lewinsky for the first time on Jan. 16 armed with knowledge that her lawyer had submitted a false affidavit in the Jones case.
What gives order to this chaotically conceived life story are the difficult ethical issues posed by the novelist and his adapter, Alexander Chervinsky.
She graduated from Duke University.
By afternoon, the solemnity had given way to a certain pragmatism, with a number of tourists saying they had planned their visits weeks or even months ago and had only this chance to see the Capitol.
The $3,000 tax credit would begin in 2000 and would apply to any car that gets double the mileage of the average car of similar size.
The Americans had become New York's first pro hockey team after William (Big Bill) Dwyer bought the Hamilton Tigers of Ontario, Canada, for $75,000 and arranged for them to play at the Garden.
The Americans captured the first one, in China in 1991, and finished third in 1995 in Sweden, where Norway won the title.
The book's editor, Stuart Proffitt, was quoted as saying that he had been told by Adrian Bourne, managing director for the HarperCollins trade book division, that the book was being dropped because the material did not match the original outline.
The police also found albums of photographs that appear to show how Mr. Dikman obtained some of the Cypriot treasures.
Finally, there is the matter of geography.
Okemo is also investing $17.5 million to build an entire new section called the Jackson Gorge.
Others on the boat were second baseman Jorge Diaz, 23; catcher Angel Lopez, 25, and the 17-year-old shortstop Michael Jova.
''There was a role for fixed rates in countries like Argentina and Brazil when they had to break hyperinflation and prove to investors that monetary policy would not repeat the blunders of the past,'' he said.
He publishes his own newsletter, John Foy's Wine Odyssey, and writes a weekly wine column for The Bergen Record.
''The next President and the President after that and the President after that,'' asserted Representative Steven R. Rothman of New Jersey, ''will be looking over their shoulders every time they make a controversial decision with a Congress that is controlled by the opposition party.''
Ending the Callas Edition with this recording (previously available only intermittently on pirated long-playing records) is a statement of principle from EMI, for surely this ''Ifigenia'' will be of more archival than commercial value.
Sludge Takes a Shuttle Q.
Following the death of a boy on a water slide in Keansburg and 24 serious injuries in other amusement-ride mishaps last summer, Gov.
The debt pact reminded investors that the financial woes of emerging markets would take some time to mend, analysts and traders said.
The Italian police were already under fire for the escape on Tuesday of Pasquale Contrera, a convicted drug trafficker who uses a wheelchair.
On the program in Chappaqua are Mozart's Divertimento in E flat and Beethoven's Serenade in D. As usual, the players -- Anne Briggs, David Miller, Lisa Rautenberg and Loretta O'Sullivan -- will be using period instruments.
While SoHo types might fancy the dirty-boy look, in Reykjavik, Saturday night is a time to wear your Sunday best.
67 WINES AND SPIRITS, 179 Columbus Avenue (68th Street); 724-6767.
Carrefour S.A., France's biggest retailer, said today that it had agreed to buy Comptoirs Modernes for cash and stock that would amount to a maximum of 14 billion francs ($2.38 billion), plus assumed debt of about 1 billion francs.
But when each team began filming practices, numbers were necessary.
Eight former New York City elevator inspectors have pleaded guilty to Federal extortion charges in connection with bribes from elevator owners.
As a pre-show crush began to form around us, I naively said to my companion, ''Oh, I hope they're not going to slam dance.''
The shooting of Mr. Hernandez, 18, by Cpl.
's $2.9 million marketing budget is only a fifth of that of the N.B.A.-backed league.
She said they draw quaint shops, lodging, restaurants, and in general elevate the quality of life.
''We played around with them and let them come back,'' said Williams, who thought the 20-0 second quarter run was one of the greatest he had seen as a Net.
It is as a noun that calumny is best known.
The constant television images in recent years of couches floating down the Napa River, or people taking rowboats to flooded homes, are not considered the best advertising.
Several advertisers have made account changes.
'You're going to cost us the game.'
In these positions, Mr. Wilkinson had operating responsibility over 13,400 employees and 4,550 buses.
''More patients are coming to their clinicians and saying: 'I don't look right here.
The first time I tried to run Surf Monkey, the program clashed with Windows 98, prompting my computer to crash after announcing tragically that ''Surf Monkey caused an invalid page fault in module KERNEL32.DLL,'' a core chunk of code in the operating system.
(Tex Moncrief, in an interview, talked of a 15,000-acre Texas ranch where the family keeps zebras and other exotic animals.)
Mr. Healy said Rand McNally had no intention of changing any of its maps.
But Klari Neuwelt, the other co-chairwoman of the community board committee, said she thought the clock ''could be a reasonably attractive amenity.''
There are supposed to be six propane blow torches, and Howard Wein can find only two.
Score their skins with a knife, put them in a saucepan and cover with water.
The grandchildren were not among the least to have benefited from his inventiveness.
That was the only thing we had not seen them do.
They hitched a ride on a Disney cart with Chip and Dale on the way to their park assignments, arriving just in time to catch Stine.
The pork chops were tasty though slightly tough.
A bigoted white defendant named James Whitlow is accused of murdering a deaf black man (who seems to have been in bed with Whitlow's wife at the time of the crime), and the government, interpreting the murder as a hate crime, wants the death penalty.
The question becomes clearer, perhaps, if we turn the issue around: What can we assume about the monogamous?
He was placed at Dewey Ballantine on a team of legal assistants helping prepare for the civil trial of a lawsuit brought by the firm's client, Ciba-Geigy, against its insurance company, Liberty Mutual.
For a fine, down-to-earth account of the decline of California's public services and political institutions, readers may want to look into Peter Schrag's ''Paradise Lost,'' published earlier this year.
''If we fail to act, we'll be sending a message that we're not interested in those markets,'' Thomas J. Donohue, president of the United States Chamber of Commerce, said in a telephone interview.
Intel officials said average selling prices had remained flat this year despite greater competition.
Today and tomorrow bring screenings of the director's ''Lights of 10,000 Homes'' (1949), about familial warfare in late 40's Shanghai.
Contrary to widespread, stubborn historical impressions, Nixon in 1952 spoke without repentance -- but, for once, with a detailed forthrightness that has been largely obscured by the cloud of later events.
Nor does he have any children -- still the fall-back social security system in China.
Among the buildings around the square known as the Romerberg, where the city tour originates, is the Romer, a house with three stepped Gothic gables that the city acquired in the 15th century; it has become became the city hall and a symbol of the city itself.
At issue in this case, Anderson v. Roe, No.
the employees of FINOVA Growth Finance (FKA United Credit Corp) LANDIS-Leonard.
As he angled to move up the hierarchy, Mr. Livingston formed his own political action committee, dutifully raising money for colleagues.
6 spot in the order, even without Davis.
Mr. Cowles lives in Bethlehem with the actress Christine Baranski, his wife of 14 years, who is ''simply Polish,'' he said, and their daughters, Lily, 10 years old, and Isabel, 13.
She plays an art collector.
''Right now, we're at a dead end for workfare workers,'' Mr. Hill said.
Until 1989, Yonkers was run by city managers.
George Smith 73 Spring St.; 226-4747 STANDARD CHAIR -- $5,130 32 inches wide, 40 deep, 34 high PROS -- Top-grain, vegetable-tanned leather shows the natural grain; hand-rubbed dye will make for beautiful aging.
The nationalists hope that Nicholas will eventually be canonized.
Denver native Chauncey Billups scored 15 points for the Celtics but struggled in his return to Colorado, hitting just 4 of 12 shots.
Many factors explain the crime driving the growth in Mexico's security industry.
The bill, passed with broad bipartisan support, would have allowed a local government to bypass an out-of-state contractor who submitted the low bid, and instead choose an in-state contractor, as long as the New York company submitted a bid no more than 5 percent higher than the low bid.
But Jeffrey Tarter, publisher of Softletter, said the software franchise made sense for a company that wanted to make money on the Web.
Judge Wolle said the city applied its laws specifically to prevent the clinic from being developed, ''violating the constitutional rights of the women who would be served'' in the area, which includes Davenport, Iowa, and Moline and Rock Island, Ill.
It's a shellac finish that's applied by rubbing the shellac onto the wood by hand.
The site is the work of an Australian company, Images Marketing Group, which produces some of the largest sex-oriented pay sites for men, which have significantly higher subscription rates.
Beloved uncle of 11 nieces and nephews and 19 great-nieces and nephews.
Even so, there is little expectation Fed officials will increase interest rates next week, according to a survey of economists, bond strategists and traders at the 36 primary dealers, the only firms that deal directly with the Fed's securities trading desk.
I don't understand if you're a fan of the team why you would want to boo a guy.
''They examined site maps, floor plans, saw a virtual reality video and toured the site where they saw 300,000 yards of fill being moved around,'' Mr. Hochberg said.
A custodian who answered the phone at the synagogue yesterday said that there was paint on the floor, but that he did not know about the swastika.
He won the race that day, capping off his best season ever.
Inside the small temple, with its poignant painted murals, are more Buddha images and more niches.
One is to ban jet planes.
It is inexperienced Stanford's power against experienced Kentucky's speed.
As Mr. Buffett recalls it, Mrs. Othmer's mother, Mattie Topp, first approached him about investing for the family around 1958, when he was 27 and managing less than $1 million.
''Those born in September know to tank up on nectar,'' said Dr. David Marriott, founder of the Monarch Program, a nonprofit research and education organization based in Encinitas, Calif. ''Their abdomens get really large.''
Sponsors are being signed to participate in the Golden Marbles.
A previous experience in London, where he bought a small two-bedroom apartment and gutted it, taught him some lessons, he says.
Most people link to the Internet using a standard telephone line.
Mauris's relatives said yesterday that the boy was indeed self-reliant and craved independence.
But allow the big ornamentals -- rhododendron, azalea, pieris, leucothoe, laurel and others -- to settle down on their own schedules.
This science fiction novel concerns a small Quaker civilization that has endured peacefully in a spaceship that left the poisoned Earth 175 years ago.
Containers were strewn across the tarmac, as freight handlers tried in vain to match containers with planes.
The Pentecost one says we are a diverse community in the congregation itself, every color and race, young people, old people.''
Only when companies know they can get their products to the consumer will they have the incentive to innovate and turn the Internet into the revolutionary medium it promises to be.
''It's the best we've had.''
Born in Warsaw, Poland, he escaped the Nazi onslaught and arrived in America in 1941.
Only ''if Saddam is pushed to the corner and there is a real threat to his regime might he use unconventional weapons against us,'' said a military official who did not want to be identified.
name, trademark or logo with those of companies that are not league sponsors.
15, 16 and 17 that denied him a potential victory.
She said that a black man matching Mr. Henderson's description -- and displaying the telltale tattoo -- argued with the store's owner, who is white, because he did not want to pay the sales tax on a hat.
One project proceeding in the area is the Curling Club, which will have 240 two-bedroom rentals in four buildings along Grand Street between 11th and 12th Streets.
If Ms. Jefferies finally succeeds in suggesting something of the burden of Southern culture, attribute it to the virtual impossibility of missing everything in one of the richest, most complex roles ever written.
But smaller operators like Mr. Ellis cannot afford generators.
There's no backstage access for Rage Against the Machine, a band that harnesses hard-rock guitar and furious rapping to political ideas.
That number is below the 25 percent average for such negative reports.
That will reassure anyone worried about the security of officials who will take to the ''emergency control center'' when disaster strikes.
So I iced and I limped, and popped Advil, and ignoring the looks of strangers on the streets of New York or wherever I happened to be, I would stop everything and do stretching exercises right on the sidewalk when it started to act up, and I kept going, and slowly over the months it mostly healed.
A former TV news reporter, she devoted a show last fall to exploring why TV news is so full of gratuitous violence.
Ms. Simpson's parents, Louis and Juditha Brown, had been guardians of the children while Mr. Simpson was on trial for the murder of Ms. Simpson and Ronald L. Goldman, who were stabbed on June 12, 1994, outside Ms. Simpson's home here.
South cashed the ace and king of clubs and surrendered a club, preparing to ruff the fourth round in dummy.
Now producers are increasingly trying to proceed without the critics altogether.
The day after Christmas, for the first time ever, all the airport's parking lots, from the hourly to the daily to the remote long-term lots that require a bus ride to the terminals, were full.
Leading Long Island chefs, like Guy Reuge at Mirabelle and Michael Meehan at Tupelo Honey, were among his mentors.
Pepsi contends that as it slowly began to build more clients in the fountain business last year, Coke aggressively tried to curtail its competitor.
God suddenly struck me as a final taboo.
De La Hoya landed 45 of 83 punches and Chavez landed 38 of 90.
''Too many people still lack the education skills necessary to succeed in the new economy.''
The Centennial acquisition is similar to past Welsh, Carson purchases in that the firm usually buys medium-sized companies with annual revenue from $30 million to $200 million.
But in the last 10 years, something has changed.
A new day is dawning for the Chinese people, for China's greatness lies, as always, with its people.
Yet Mr. Foley has been a bit less public than some other American officials in twisting Japanese arms to get Tokyo to stimulate its economy.
With her husband, daughter and grandchildren at her side, an ebullient Mrs. Bronz declared, ''Being a member of this leadership team gives us the opportunity to do great things.''
The teams then went through a period of sloppy play.
Seconds later he's dead, and the necklace is being lifted.
Saturday at 2 and 4 P.M. Tickets: $7.
And watch for Michael Sinclair (11 sacks) to apply pressure on Dallas quarterback Troy Aikman.
Like other people, I wondered whether the Guggenheim was a fiscal house of cards.
Microsoft Start is the company's effort to create a preferred ''portal'' to the Internet by using Microsoft's strength in software to offer users personalized data bases in special-interest areas, from travel to cooking.
Schumer (D) A Yea 10.
Weighing the impact of violence on local television news against the First Amendment, the Federal Communications Commission has come down on the side of free speech, rejecting a petition to withdraw the licenses of Denver's four largest local television stations.
Mr. Groat, who has been held without bail since being arrested in April, will be able to collect his C.I.A.
To the Editor: David Mermelstein's article on the Danish tenor Aksel Schiotz [''Performances Spun From a Big Heart,'' Jan. 11] brought back memories of the summer of 1951, when I had the good fortune to attend the second annual Pablo Casals festival at Perpignan, in French Catalonia.
Nonetheless, after its release last summer at the Venice Film Festival, the movie stirred debate over whether the Mafia could ever be seen in a humorous light, whether, for instance, scenes of wedding guests being mowed down by machine gun fire are appropriate in musical comedy.
Half the money collected would go to increase tourism and ''provide advertising for hotels,'' said State Assemblyman Anthony Impreveduto, Democrat from Secaucus, who is the bill's sponsor.
All of which has led cultural studies courses to tackle the book's post-structuralist significance as a pop classic.)
First, the prospect of a devalued ruble could set off inflation, which shrinks existing debt values.
''There's no question she would have gotten it, if it weren't for this awful, fluke injury.''
His father is a vice president and an institutional municipal-bond salesman in New York for Fleet Securities.
Sponsored by the Museum of the City of New York.
Harvard University's endowment, the world's largest university nest egg, has been decimated over the past 10 weeks, as $1.3 billion was shaved off its $13 billion portfolio, the school's investment arm said in its fiscal year-end letter.
Billings were estimated at more than $2 million.
Graves and Kovalev scored today's goals.
She collapsed flat on her back on the Center Court grass after she became the first Frenchwoman to reach a Wimbledon final since Suzanne Lenglen won this tournament in 1925.
Devoted and beloved father of Diana and Alicia.
No decision has been made.
More than 114,000 were sold, but the cars suffered from chronic corrosion and a variety of mechanical problems.
''A high school senior should have been able to pass this,'' said Mr. Silber, who helped develop the test.
Tomorrow the Broadway cast of ''Beauty and the Beast'' will appear in Westbury.
Even as Strawberry circled the bases Monday after hitting his 12th home run, he limped badly.
And Shannon Briggs (30-2), the heavyweight from Brownsville, Brooklyn, fights an opponent to be named later.
For one, they accumulate large amounts of data about their users that can enable advertisers to aim messages at the most likely buyers.
Still, the United States will have to go through qualifying to earn an invitation to the 2000 Olympics.
There are at least one or two computers in most of the classrooms in the district.
Today, Mr. and Mrs. Alvarez, who met a decade ago while working at a figurine factory, have a workshop of their own in East Williamsburg, Brooklyn, where they and five employees turn out thousands of plaster statues of everything from coiled cobras to Indian chiefs, along with dozens of different religious figures.
From ceramic tchotchkes of jazz musicians, to quasi-folk-art paintings made for the tourist trade, to commercial illustration in all manner of styles, hackneyed, derivative and cliched work abounds.
''But yes, you evaluate your players all the time, especially because of the salary cap.
But don't start filing those transfer papers just yet.
Often, if the passenger cannot leave the train without assistance, it is held up in the station for 15 or 20 minutes until paramedics arrive.
The four-week average of claims -- which economists consider more reliable -- fell to 302,250, its lowest level in a year.
rang out, Mr. Bosnich emerged from his tent and fired off a bear banger that exploded a few feet from the animal's head.
The Partnership for a Healthy Mississippi in Jackson, a nonprofit organization working to reduce tobacco use by teen-agers, said yesterday that it had named Maris, West & Baker in Jackson to lead a multi-agency marketing team to introduce an anti-smoking campaign.
At a small house on a hilltop outside Hebron, Israeli Army officials displayed what they said was evidence that shooting the two men, who were brothers, had thwarted an imminent terrorist attack by Hamas, the Islamic militant movement.
And we may see Saudi Arabia and Kuwait, for example, opening their countries to foreign oil investment.''
Yet she was also ferociously loyal to her family and to old school chums.
The church report, titled ''Guatemala: Never Again,'' put the toll of the conflict at 150,000 deaths and 50,000 disappearances, and estimated that 80 percent of those casualties were caused by Guatemalan troops.
In a victory for groups against drunken driving, the negotiators also agreed to measures designed to require states to enact laws prohibiting driving while carrying an open container of alcohol and increasing penalties for repeat drunken-driving offenders.
The son of a Swiss banker and fluent in German, Mr. Lutz may soon prove important in dealing with cultural differences between Mercedes-Benz and Chrysler.
The Blue Ridge Parkway, a 469-mile Federal scenic highway running between the Shenandoah National Park in Virginia and the Great Smoky Mountains National Park in North Carolina, skirts the eastern side of Asheville, N.C., for about 12 miles.
The use of the oxygen had been prescribed by a doctor, they said, and there were no laws regulating how much oxygen a patient could keep in a residential location at any one time.
's were better for the environment and traffic flow,'' Mr. Levy said.
The world-traveled Holocaust writer and Nobel laureate rarely falters.
On Sept. 22, over the city's objection, Family Court Judge Lee Elkins ordered Davaughn placed with Ms. Cheeks' stepfather, Melvin Foster, so she could see the child more often.
The oysters are, in fact, particularly good, be they raw, poached in champagne or fried and served with sauteed spinach and chipotle aioli.
''The sourdough bread is the best here; it's like San Francisco,'' he said.
''That was the start of the long march away from militancy,'' Mr. Schmidt said.
I often went along just to experience this almost hallowed visit to the downstairs premises where the huge safe door, with its tremendous brass gears, was swung open and closed.
Hitachi would gain access to automotive know-how that could help position it as a leader in the young market for intelligent transport.
Although some provinces have ample electricity, hydroelectric power will allow planners to reduce China's reliance on coal-fired stations.
Starr absolutely never showed any hostility to the President or expressed a view on the merits of the case,'' Mr. Davis said.
There are teachers so out of touch, so misguided, they shouldn't be allowed in the same room with the young.
Earlier this year, the flow of money into stock mutual funds seemed to be slowing, perhaps because of Asian concerns.
''Now, for just $8, you say, 'Well, if I'm wrong, I'll just buy it back,' '' said David L. Brown, chief executive of Telescan, which offers on-line resources to investors.
Rumors are rampant about how autistic adolescents exhibit sexual urges inappropriately.
The European Commission can impose severe fines on companies that it finds have been fixing prices.
These tonics are best drunk young -- preferably within a year of the vintage, two at most -- nicely chilled and in colorless stem glasses that refract their decorative hues.
You can imagine how I felt when I opened the package and found a little stick,'' he said, sighing.
It's time to move on.''
COME and TWO DOLLAR GUITAR, Maxwell's, 1039 Washington Street, Hoboken, N.J., (201) 798-0406.
''And from the preservationist point of view, cemeteries are very important and are often overlooked in the scheme of things.''
One major Lamerie collector, Arthur Gilbert of Beverly Hills, Calif., said he preferred these late works.
When we became aware of the Woodstock generation, the drug problem, they had a lot of meetings and everybody became so civic minded.
And thanks to some great shots under pressure, Mayfair did.
Recently, she said, community organizations were handed a list that included 30 centers in California where applicants could get their fingerprints.
Passed by the French Legislature last month over only cursory resistance by the Socialist-led Government, the law allows hunters to fire away at waterfowl up to a month beyond the end of the season next Jan. 31, as prescribed since 1979 in a Europe-wide directive.
Devoted brother of Adele and Annette.
Arrow Electronics' shares fell 31.25 cents, to $12.8125, while Bell Industries dropped $2.0625, to $9.875.
I mean, I don't really recall if I did or not.
Sanders returned a punt for a touchdown in that one, too, for 59 yards.
Instead, we are served endless passages chronicling the helplessness of courts when it comes to resolving the intractable rancor of committed legal adversaries.
As poet laureate, Mr. Ferlinghetti does not begin any official duties until October.
The United States has strongly condemned North Korea's launching of the rocket on Aug. 31, calling it a provocation that needlessly stoked tensions in the region.
Microsoft Ordered to Provide Files A Federal judge ordered Microsoft to give the Justice Department reams of new evidence that Government lawyers say will bolster their antitrust case.
This week, when he plays a pair of Chopin concertos at Manhattan's Good Shepherd Presbyterian Church, Buechner will not be wearing the traditional tails and bow tie.
Building a nest in a New York high-rise, as far as hawk experts know, is highly unusual, if not unprecedented.
As it turned out, Annan was only a few minutes away, over at the Republican Presidential Palace, where he met with Saddam for three hours and, while the two men smoked cigars, persuaded him to accept what the Iraqis had said they could not accept -- unlimited access to the eight sites previously designated completely off-limits.
So far this year, the economy has been growing at a 3.7 percent annual rate and adding an average of 226,000 jobs a month.
Business In one of its most important antitrust rulings in years, the Court ruled unanimously that manufacturers can set ceilings on retail markups without necessarily violating the Sherman Antitrust Act.
But to put it simplistically, three ballets on the same program can make for good dinner conversation but a full-length work can engage you with real issues.''
SHANOK-Jesse Paul ''Ysaye'', on April 10th.
Mr. Seabrook, 46, who is chairman of the New York State Black and Puerto Rican Legislative Caucus, is raising money, lining up political and labor support and assembling a campaign team.
Today there is little awareness of new European music in this country.
From there, on second down, however, Tennessee's problems were compounded.
He paid a $250 fine, apologized to the police and was sentenced to 120 hours of community service.
But state officials are reviewing the policy, Ms. Facciarossa said.
A best buy is Gruet nonvintage brut, sold for $11 at Heights Chateau, at 131 Atlantic Avenue (near Henry Street) in Brooklyn.
The formula is much the same as at Soup Kitchen International (a.k.a.
Seven years after ''Planet of the Apes,'' Mr. Zanuck produced ''Jaws.''
More visibly, Mondavi has proselytized in the movement to make wine part of a healthy life style that includes European food traditions and an appreciation of the arts.
I think he exaggerates the passivity of the public in toppling Communism; while that upheaval was certainly led by an elite few, the people at the top were responding to a tangible throw-the-bums-out mood reflected by strikes, marches, raucous public discussion and, yes, elections.
One advantage to factory-built housing, which allowed Mr. Hampton to design New England-style bay windows, is the ability to better control the building process.
Then it's off to St. Louis, Atlanta, Detroit, Minneapolis, Los Angeles, Seattle, Toronto, Cincinnati, Montreal, Philadelphia and Boston.
Measuring a course can take as little as a few hours ''and sometimes four days or more, depending on if I get lost.''
In its premiere last fall, on Sept. 8, ''Ally McBeal'' earned a 9.3 rating.
Ms. Ferraro, a former candidate for vice president, is facing two men in the Democratic primary who are seeking to challenge Senator Alfonse M. D'Amato, a Republican, this fall: Mark Green, the public advocate for New York City, and Representative Charles E. Schumer of Brooklyn.
Mr. D'Leon and his band will be joined by Colombia's best-known salsa group, Grupo Niche.
When I started there, it was the worst of the worst and when I left it was cited by the United States Department of Education as having one of the 10 best programs in the country.
And, of course, without citizenship, immigrants cannot vote.
''The Emily's List group did more to slow Clinton down on campaign finance reform than anyone,'' Curry says.
Mr. Allen said the changes were entirely the result of cost-cutting measures taken because his highly praised films have not earned money in the United States.
These efforts are not about obliterating the past through bricks and mortar, but about creating a future that will survive another hundred years.
The popular Mercedes-Benz sport utility vehicle, the ML320, helped the auto maker record a sales increase of 64.1 percent last month compared with a year earlier.
That's a pretty big spread,'' Mr. Smith said.
In the first eight months of the year, the surplus was 89.2 billion marks, up from 69.6 billion marks.
For the reader, though, she's a cipher.
Here are my favorites along the Brooklyn tour route.
''We wanted to get it done in front of everyone, in front of the world.''
In a large, heavy saucepan, heat 4 tablespoons of the oil over medium heat.
Mr. Clinton also placed calls to at least two House Democrats today who appeared to be wavering in their opposition to impeachment.
Blacks can have just as much fun with these encounters as whites.
A spokesman for Kosovo's Albanian political leader, Ibrahim Rugova, said there were houses burning and ''massacres being carried out.''
At Friday's closing price, the company is already trading at roughly 45 times forward earnings, compared with a 17 multiple for Pier One or 31 for Williams-Sonoma.
''Analog design is more like wood carving.''
Secretary of War Russell Alger was blamed by the newspapers for the condition of the camp as well as for the poor care of the troops in Cuba.
He was also fascinated by the possibility of applying Western methods of early-music research and notions of ''authentic'' interpretation to this repertory, and he enlisted Mr. Chen, who has lived in New York since he left his native China in 1987.
''It is a means to tell the Cuban people that we don't forget them.''
Activated C-F Scott Williams from the injured list.
As a veteran member of our program he is well aware of expectations we have of all of our team members, both on and off the court.
NEW JERSEY PERFORMING ARTS CENTER ''The Snow Queen,'' a puppet ballet, featuring the Hudson Vagabond Puppets.
In lieu of flowers, donations to the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation would be appreciated.
''It's a very strange situation,'' said Representative Martin Frost, the Texas Democrat who chairs the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee.
Louis jabs a left and uppercuts a right to Conn's head.
Is La Russa ready for life without Eck?
He continued to work the whey.
The ink is actually microscopic particles embedded in the paper, inside tiny capsules, that flip over in response to changes in an electric field.
He remembered that the blameless truck driver was so distraught that he could not stand up at the funeral.
To New Yorkers who live along flight corridors on Long Island and in Queens and the Bronx, that can only mean more ear-thumping, window-rattling, baby-waking noise.
I mean, isn't that what you're supposed to do?
He is now a fugitive.
Basil germinates quickly, so seed can be sown outdoors as soon as the ground is warm.
Still, a new front is opening in the Internet wars with the development of so-called broadband services like At Home that offer transmission speeds 20 to 100 times as fast as traditional modems.
The decision immediately created a furor among many drug treatment experts.
Again relying on a familiar melody -- a sample from ''Every Breath You Take,'' by the Police -- Mr. Combs and Ms. Evans tenderly shared their astonishment at their loss.
The cabby cut a truck off, and the truck honked.
The trade report marked the fourth straight quarterly record for the current account, the broadest measure of international commerce.
Leslie Tonkonow 601 West 26th Street Chelsea Through April 25 What's different about these otherwise straightforward rural and industrial landscapes is the jumpy, edgy use of light that Tokihiro Sato effects by means of a small mirror and long exposure time.
The battle indicates that the death of Pol Pot last week does not necessarily mean that the force that he once led is giving up.
Of New Hyde Park, N.Y. on Oct. 8, 1998.
Last Friday, however, something more bizarre occurred: his new upper dental bridge fell out on the air as he was leading into his final segment, the featured horse race.
By 1996, Mr. bin Laden had emerged as the leading target of the C.I.A.
A perfect consumer, a rotten taste tester.
The verdict was a significant victory for Monsanto and DeKalb, which contended that their scientists had invented the technology for inserting a modified gene into corn plants to produce a protein that kills corn-eating insects.
In its six seasons, ''Homicide'' has lost a half-dozen major characters without losing stride, including those played by Ned Beatty, Daniel Baldwin, Melissa Leo and, this season, Michelle Forbes as Chief Medical Examiner Julianna Cox.
Mass at St. Bernard's R.C.
''We're at the point now where we have so much confidence,'' he said, ''it doesn't matter who we're playing.''
John G. Rowland cut the gasoline tax by a few pennies and sent us tax rebate checks.
The most recent report from the Audit Bureau of Circulations, for March 31, showed The Times's circulation had reversed a long decline, going up slightly to 1,095,007 daily, and 1,385,373 on Sunday.
But ultimately, the team is going to make the decision.
I heard a lot of commotion and I got off the train.
But it did not arrive in time for my family's supper.
The Pilobolus piece, which opened the company's four-week season at the Joyce Theater on Tuesday night, is the first of six premieres in a project, financed largely though the Doris Duke foundation, that matches jazz composers and choreographers.
Seconds after Mark McGwire's 61st homer was safely tucked in Section 281 in the left-field loge area at Busch Stadium, he focused on his faith and his family during his most memorable trot of the year.
Ron Artest had 21 points and 15 rebounds and Zendon Hamilton added 15 points and 11 rebounds for St. John's.
''I want you to know I did not have sexual relationships with this woman Monica Lewinsky.
Robert dreams of writing a great musical.
* CHUCK CLOSE, Museum of Modern Art, 11 West 53d Street, (212) 708-9480 (through May 26).
''We have had reports of passengers who refused to get off airplanes because their in-flight entertainment systems didn't work,'' said Dave Sebring, the chief engineer for cabin systems at Boeing.
With a handshake but without a word to Davenport, she departed in disappointment and defeat.
I had written to them.
We have survived several severe recessions and remained a viable and strong business, which merged a substantial part of our real estate portfolio into a real estate investment trust last January, which is now named Mack-Cali Realty and is one of the largest REIT's in the nation with a cap value of $3.5 billion.
''And I sensed some moments changing out there.''
BY MR. BITTMAN: Q: Was this contact with Ms. Lewinsky, Mr. President, did it involve any sexual contact in any way, shape, or form?
She very much wanted to come back.
A decade ago, many cabs carried $100,000 in liability coverage, but nearly all fell to minimal levels after the largest taxi insurer, American Transit Insurance Company, dropped the higher coverage.
And Ruben Delasierra, 36, a graduate student in natural resources, said: ''It's oxymoronic to match a Bug with a water-cooled engine.
Gillette, which gets a third of its revenue outside the United States and Western Europe, warned last month of the profit decline because of the drop in international sales, especially in Russia and Brazil.
The Met acquired its first photograph in 1928, after Alfred Stieglitz -- photographer, art dealer and self-styled messiah in a black cape -- showed up one day with a portfolio under his arm.
''Our policy has traditionally been to create our own stars,'' Mr. Noble said, ''so when critics ask, 'Where are the Ralph Fiennes of today?'
Grades 7 through 9 ''The Golden Compass.''
Matt Locker, 31, a radio station disc jockey with exceedingly white teeth, stood in a corner drawing smiley faces on his otherwise blank form.
Lunch Monday to Friday, brunch Saturday and Sunday, dinner nightly.
Unlike broadcast networks, which rely solely on advertising for their revenues, so-called basic cable channels like E!
His sommelier at Alain Ducasse, Gerard Margeon, is planning a new wine list for November that will feature 300 to 400 non-French wines, something unheard of in Paris, including 1993 and 1994 vintages of a wine called Moraga that is produced within the city limits of Los Angeles and, Mr. Margeon contends, bears comparison with the Bordeaux from Chateau Haut-Brion.
Smith did not choose to retain Esa Tikkanen last summer, but here he is in the Olympic semifinals, wearing another blue shirt, that of Finland.
But she found a way to recover.
The result is that we are the laughingstock of the world.
''I think when she went home to Brzezinka she saw the Auschwitz camp.
With $1 million in requests for buying development rights and ranchers vying to sell them, the county now has to choose conservation sites carefully to avoid creating unwanted development.
The general manager said there was a chance that Cone and the Yankees could announce later this season that they had agreed for him to return in 1999 and erase the uncertainty over the 200 innings trigger.
The models wore gray leggings that looked like long johns under everything.
Here, for example, is how she sums up June Anderson, a brilliantly gifted soprano whose career went awry: ''Of all the artists I have met, she made me most aware of how hard it can be for shy singers to come to terms with a mysterious gift that requires them to face several thousand strangers who do not necessarily wish them well.''
''THE PARENT TRAP,'' starring Lindsay Lohan, Natasha Richardson and Dennis Quaid.
''I refuse to conduct myself that way.''
On the day of the permit decision, Mr. Eckstein prevailed on Mr. Babbitt to meet with him.
Republicans are now heard opining that if Mr. Clinton had simply told the truth last January, this whole matter would amount to nothing.
The dollar settled at 122.52 yen, up from 121.57.
(Ages 10 and up) The Dry Creek Middle School needs a new drinking fountain; this comic epistolary novel tells about the search for a new design, and especially about the fifth-grade research project on the history of Dry Creek.
A good Lukens piece, for example, can be priced between $4,000 and $6,000.
''It took about three months,'' she said.
The reviewers ought to be liberal in allowing shareholders, who own the companies, to make key decisions.
Brand played 16 minutes, scoring 14 points on 5-for-7 shooting and grabbing 7 rebounds.
I treasure the simple beauty of Van Cortlandt and its history as a running mecca.
''You're always reading a book,'' he said to me once.
Japan's currency fell as lawmakers argued over a bank-reform package, delaying passage of a measure viewed as critical to economic revival.
Hockey fans -- this is your Tampa Bay Lightning: a team with the ultimate ego-free absentee owner in Takashi Okubo and the league's worst record, 17-49-9 -- 31 points out of the playoff race.
At a September forum, they also left little doubt that unless the association withdrew its proposal, they would sue and challenge the U.S.G.A.
''What did we know about the U.S.?''
In conformance with the change, the central bank stood on the sidelines this morning as the Canadian dollar tumbled through what would have been the central bank's normal intervention trigger.
Mr. Nierenberg then instructed the musicians to lower their standard to where they ''might be embarrassed.''
Iran, Kuwait, Venezuela, Algeria and other OPEC members are also reducing budgets, which could lead to higher prices for food, energy and public services that have been partly subsidized.
The business, based in Dayton, Ohio, employs 1,800 people and has seven production and technical facilities in the United States and Europe.
''It seems like the cycle is going to begin all over again.''
The speakers will be Sara Stein, author and ecological gardening expert; Page Dickey, author and authority on contemporary garden design in Europe and the United States, and Darrel Morrison, professor of Landscape Architecture at the University of Georgia.
If not, we would at least have access to a major repertory company with a long-term relationship.
We are Indonesian, but people here don't recognize us as Indonesian.
I should have left it at an honest, ''Beats me.''
It was an attitude, a way of carrying yourself and saying, 'Look at me!'
When he arrived here Thursday evening, Mr. Clinton pledged that the United States would do its part to lift Asia out of its economic quagmire.
Cross puts very little spin on, or passion into, his subject.
Old Swimming Pool, 505 Ramapo Valley Road, Mahwah.
Directed by James Cameron (PG-13, 197 minutes).
that they stop what they are doing.
''American Jews' perceptions of Germany remain split and not very positive,'' Eugene DeBow, the director of the new office, said recently.
It is the sort of place that evokes tiptoeing servants and ticking grandfather clocks.
He and a couple of other Big Apple clowns performed on stage for the children.
It just reached a point where I firmly believe it was time to change the subject and restore the focus back where it should be.''
Engelberg said today that he signed a form for the third straight day allowing doctors to stick a tube into DiMaggio's lungs.
It also sent a message to courts in other states, including New York, to strike down discriminatory education aid formulas.
Cone has a major league-best nine-game winning streak that also is his career best.
''We're happy to see young John is going home,'' said his lawyer, Bruce Cutler.
It elevates manned space flight to a goal in itself.
''It was hair-raising, it gave me chills,'' he said after they had reached Belmont Park.
The Manchester setting adds a valuable resonance here.
The Dow's move has come despite evidence that the United States economy is slowing.
Mrs. Nirenblatt was born March 6, 1911 in Charleston, S.C. A daughter of Elihu Mazo and Anastasia Tandit Mazo.
''I don't think that would be such a good idea,'' he said.
For the two and a half years that Mr. Schonberg ran the fund alone, he bought speculative technology or biotechnology companies with few shares outstanding.
An important amendment approved by the Senate to the bill reauthorizing the Higher Education Act would give states the option of allowing welfare recipients to enroll in postsecondary education or vocational training for two years without losing their welfare benefits.
Mr. Bowden writes that ''Juarez is an exhibit of the fabled New World Order in which capital moves easily and labor is trapped by borders.''
Since the fall of Communism, rich Russians have frequented this country's ski slopes and luxury boutiques, welcomed as free-spending guests but otherwise attracting little notice.
He said this has made the jails safer for guards and inmates alike.
''We'll just report the facts and let them go at one another,'' he said of the Council and the Mayor.
''It's not that they don't have it, whatever a board is looking for, but that they don't show it,'' she said.
A sportswriter tells of his weekly visits to his old college mentor, who was near death's door.
Still, Mets officials seemed relieved by all but elevating Yoshii into their rotation.
''We respect their wishes,'' he said.
Following are results of yesterday's Treasury auction of new 52-week bills: (000 omitted in dollar figures) Average Price .
's and there was that focus, he became a better hitter.''
Wife of the late Frederic D. Carter, mother of Charles W., Frederic, Jr., and Samuel P.W.
The drummer picked up a beat, other band members watched for chords, and the song lurched toward a good-time, gospelly lilt, living up to the lyrics that Ms. Williams proclaimed in her quavery voice: ''Don't fret, don't worry, just feel peace of mind/That peace of mind that you're always on time.''
Babaganush must be garlicky to be good, but sometimes it too obscures the dish's wonderful smoky charcoal-grilled eggplant taste.
Even without any charges filed, many large corporations have dismissed or avoided tainted contractors.
''He believed the agency would never risk the revelation of these secrets,'' Mr. Walutes said.
Friends may call at John E. Day Funeral Home, Red Bank, NJ, on Tuesday, June 30, 1998, 2-4 PM and 7-9 PM.
I couldn't have handled it the way she did, and I can see.''
''It's a zero-sum game,'' said Kevin C. Murphy, an analyst at Morgan Stanley.
''I told them that the torch symbolized the struggles of women's hockey.
B3 NEEDIEST CASES B2 ARTS E1-8 Dispute Over Schiele Works The Museum of Modern Art has turned down appeals from two families to hold on to two Egon Schiele paintings whose provenance is clouded by Nazi wartime plundering.
To the extent that there are similarities, they are coincidences, and if the similarities are striking then they are striking coincidences.''
Even after its recent renovation, the ''21'' Club remained faithful to standbys like its Caesar salad made at table side.
Ms. Crawford added material about the Hollywood star-system of the 1940's and 50's, an era of studio-cosseted stars and a naive public that permitted her mother's abusive behavior, she said.
''Michael knew Chamique, definitely,'' said Tennessee's sophomore center, LaShonda Stephens.
(Steps are everywhere, and those who have difficulty getting around would not find this a good choice.)
Playing God If only the grain were so fine.
The White House, which was least scathed in the Brill version of the Clinton/Lewinsky media saga, gloated as the Diogenes Watch morphed cannibalistically into Les Liaisons Dangereuses.
Most children under 5 are cared for by people other than their parents and, according to the Census Bureau, a rising percentage, nearly a third, are in formal day care centers.
A trip to Costa Rica Nov. 5 to 15 stops at the perpetually active Arenal.
WHEN Angela Ramirez was a high school freshman, she thought being a member of a popular, but tough, group of girls was the best way to fit in at school.
That, industry executives said, could end up consigning Sun to the same role as the losing personal computer operating systems in the early days of PC's.
The police received some 60 calls, which helped lead to the men's arrest.
In the first 20 years, 10,000 local reading circles were formed, a quarter of them in villages of less than 500.
''But the revenue potential becomes difficult to ignore,'' he added, particularly as fans ''become anesthetized to the increasing commercialization of sports, especially as it happens gradually.''
Other issues under negotiation include wages, forced overtime, increasing pensions for current retirees and the company's failure to offer early retirement inducements to everyone it said it would under the 1995 contract.
''The big difference is you can always fix a play, especially a comedy that's playing before an audience,'' she said.
American Hua Mao Enterprises is recalling about 139,000 cigarette lighters because their child-resistant mechanisms do not work properly, according to the Consumer Product Safety Commission in Washington.
Directed by Marleen Gorris (PG-13, 97 minutes).
''We stand on our record in terms of the way in which we have selected people to do business,'' Mr. McCall said.
Mercury, a highly toxic liquid metal, has become the latest drug of choice for many teen-agers in Texarkana, a city on the Arkansas-Texas border.
''The doctor took new patients, three of us at a time, into his clinic, and we were all treated very quickly,'' Miss Aka said, suspecting no major problems at first.
The drivers benefited financially -- an average of $100 a week.
''The county was then confronted with what it thought would be an explosive racial situation,'' Mr. Catterson said today, reviewing the history of the case.
All other states except New Hampshire say an officer can give a ticket for failure to wear a belt only if an officer has pulled the car over for some other violation.
Musicians worldwide generally agree that an A is a sound you get when a tone resonates at 440 cycles per second.
'' said his longtime friend, Norman Blass.
The mother of modern sport -- that's a self-description -- is still in the kitchen, stirring the pot, ladling out heaping portions of vision, hard sell, and encouragement, urging us to play fair, shake our booties, treat everyone equally, find balance, accept responsibility, eat, eat.
Third-quarter reports show vacancy rates either stagnant or inching up slightly, which some predict could be a continuing trend.
Seagram's stock has been lagging behind, partly because of a downturn in its liquor business in Asia and also by worries about Universal.
Not in St. Louis, where the marketing clout of Mark McGwire's assault on Roger Maris's 37-year-old record of 61 home runs in a season is packing fans into Busch Stadium at a pace 17 percent ahead of last year.
Whatever happens will probably be decided in conference later this year.
Mr. Povirk also offers a trove of old fliers, handbills and posters: what dealers call ''ephemera.''
A purple handkerchief, held up high, is Roxanne's love token to Cyrano when he poses as her future husband, Christian.
A basis point is one-hundredth of a percentage point.
''That's more rain than we typically see for the entire month of June,'' Mr. Morrin said of the five-hour thunderstorm.
Perhaps they should all come to mind as the world looks out on this strangely dated feast of Stephen.
On television, where she earned four Emmy nominations, Miss Nolan appeared on more than 300 programs, including ''Perry Mason,'' ''Alfred Hitchcock Presents,'' ''Richard Diamond, Private Detective,'' ''I Spy,'' ''The F.B.I.,'' ''Charlie's Angels'' and ''MacGyver.''
While this book achieves a partial success as a presentation of Pope's architecture, it fails to probe his work's complex significance in American cultural and architectural history.
Aside from that, however, there's no such thing as a gruntled screenwriter.''
He acted out rhythmic abandon, first on drums, then by ululating into a microphone; then he came out from behind the drums and stood at center stage, trembling a bit, as if possessed by the rhythms in his upper body.
''I think most of the women we see like to make their own choices,'' said Dr. William Wortrnan, one of 20 radiologists in the same practice.
Widely recognized as the queen of cabaret and the heir of Mabel Mercer in infusing everything she sings with a lifetime's accumulated wisdom and humor, Julie Wilson has settled in at the restaurant cabaret atop Bill's Gay 90's for what could turn out to be a semi-permanent residence, if audiences come.
The patriarch was Joshua Jones (1757-1821), a merchant who made his country home on in a hilly, wooded area on the East River, between what is now East 66th and East 75th Streets.
''Movies,'' she sort of rhymes, ''can still, thank God, enthrall us all.''
's 22 other assembly plants in the United States, Canada and Mexico are expected to quickly run out of the spark plugs, speedometers and other parts made by the giant factory where workers walked out this evening.
Among the victims was Iole Cascio, a piano teacher who said she was in her 70's and whose Bensonhurst home was hit on Wednesday.
''He's a good, good boy.''
How about giving her a large bunch of flowers and promising always to take care of the wiggly little dears yourself?
The numbers mean that for the first time since the oil shock of 1974, the economy declined for a full year -- falling by an annual rate of seven-tenths of a percent for the fiscal year ended March 31.
The bridegroom's stepmother is a nurse practitioner at Central Maine Medical Center in Lewiston.
Diapers for coping with incontinence.
Danilova was not like that.
The plan has been harshly attacked this week by faculty, students and city and state legislators who say that limiting remedial courses will keep disadvantaged students from getting an education.
How does one keep confidential information private?
It was the biggest one-day drop in the three-month bill rate since the summer of 1992.
This week's two biggest plots involve Woods and Duval.
Dr. J. Allan Hobson, who seems pleased with the new findings, once dismissed dreams as mental detritus -- a kind of disposal system -- a theory Freud described in 1900 and disproved.
That move had drawn a lawsuit by the Bank of New York against the Massachusetts Board of Bank Incorporation, the state's bank regulator.
Here the first half was composed of darting, exuberant decorations of static harmonies in a manner somewhere between Szymanowski and Luciano Berio, though continuity was not always sure.
To the Editor: Re ''Arguing Ethics, Forfeiting Progress'' (Op-Ed, March 14): Medical ethicists do not argue against change or progress.
In a statement released by her lawyers, the girl's mother, Viviane Wagner, said, ''These lawsuits will serve as a living tribute to my beautiful daughter by helping to prevent another innocent person from dying at the hands of a drunk diplomat.''
They also quote a draft letter, gleaned from Ms. Lewinsky's home computer, in which Ms. Lewinsky describes an incident in her relationship with the President where she refers to ''watching your mouth on my breast'' and refers implicitly to direct contact with her genitalia.
''We have the frenzy that we have this morning,'' complained Mr. Bennett, who had retreated from a similar threat once before last year in the face of sudden criticism.
For example, American is touting the fact that it plans to install power plugs for laptop computers in both first class and coach in many planes.
The dean's office kept expecting a call from someone on behalf of the judge.
''Sometimes I look at Kiss,'' Mr. Johansen said, ''and think, There but for the grace of God go I.''
The Iraqis and the chief United Nations weapons inspector made some progress in talks today, but Iraq is clinging to what the inspections chief, Richard Butler, called ''disarmament by declaration,'' refusing to provide further documentation to back its assertions that certain weapons have been eliminated.
Mauro Ortiz Ca rreno, was dead.
That was echoed by Ralph Rydholm, the 1997-98 chairman of the association, which is also known as the Four A's.
In that sense, she has more in common with English authors from Evelyn Waugh to David Lodge than she does with many of her American contemporaries.
Deputy Mayor Randy Mastro concurred.
Lecavalier, playing in his eighth game, scored on a low wrist shot while falling backward over goalie Garth Snow to tie the score, 1-1, at 9:38 of the first period.
Finance Minister Paul Martin said he had decided to reject the proposed deals because they ''would lead to an unacceptable concentration of economic power in the hands of fewer, very large banks.''
''I tell them, 'She did a lot for you.
But the strategically placed Sultanate of Oman is not only one of the most beautiful countries in all the Middle East, it is also a glorious place to vacation, well worth the eight-hour flight from London or what would be a 14-hour trip from New York, were there a nonstop flight from the United States to Muscat, the capital, which there is not -- at least not yet.
Start with the name Man Ray and you have the crux of Man Ray's working method.
In these, as in the Chopin songs, she covered considerable emotional terrain efficiently by expanding the distance between coloristic extremes.
While burning mostly through brush, forest and commercial timber since May, the fires this week have spread to people's doorsteps, causing the largest evacuations so far and tremendous dislocation for both residents and tourists before the Fourth of July holiday weekend.
A review of my credit history would reveal that I am debt free.
Because agent activities on college campuses are often highly restricted, agents use financial planners as recruiters to solicit new clients.
Also, there are probably selfish reasons: They had done a lot of work on supernovas and wanted to have the fun of being in on the big action.''
''Obviously that was not the case, and I am respectfully withdrawing the offer,'' Mr. Icahn wrote.
They want to influence the nation's drug policy.
Graduate Barnard College, research chemist Socony/Mobil, founder of Hazel Bishop, Inc.
Family rivalries flame anew when a champion boat racer returns to help a troubled brother.
A woman's harrowing progress from youth to middle age.
But it was clear that his focus was squarely on China, where he said he hoped to seize upon the momentum established by President Clinton's recent visit.
But if Wendell keeps on pitching as he has, he will have to learn to deal with it.
That a thrilling Japanese virtuoso, Koichi Kubo, partnered a polished young Californian, Sharon Wehner, in the ''Don Quixote'' pas de deux was less surprising than the jaw-dropping ease with which he tossed her from a lift into a perfect fish dive.
Both women have a similar headdress and the hair in each painting has been painted with fluent strokes of thinly applied oil paint.
Even for a first novel, ''Go Tell It on the Mountain'' suffers from undiluted autobiography; the Oedipal struggle of the boy preacher John Grimes with his satanically cruel father reverberates more strongly for Baldwin than it does on the page.
''They are lobbyists who make the decisions about who gets the big campaign money,'' he said in an interview as he traveled between meetings through the frozen lake country.
In talking with Stewart, he learned how to think his way out of a jam instead of using a crowbar to try to force his way out.
Immediately after this call, at 4:33 p.m., Mr. Jordan called Mr. Carter.
A: I agree with you that it is not so exciting a story as the controversies in France, such as whether to extend the paid vacation to six months or to admit the word ''cheeseburger'' into the French language, but for reasons that escape, we seem to find it amusing.
For weeks after the increase, Mr. Siegmann said, he was taking calls from ''seniors who only have basic service because it's all they can afford'' and who were worried the new rate was beyond their means.
Some plants are particular favorites such as yew.
Mr. Clinton listed the offenses with an air of stern astonishment.
The violinist Regina Carter had a good idea: in ''Spring Can Really Hang You Up the Most,'' she cut away from outdoing the master.
But two hours later -- with the battery nearly dead -- it would find its way back into Mr. Whisnant's hands.
Flares rocketed aloft and fell slowly on parachutes, and the night search recovered the first bodies.
Presidents Ford, Carter, Reagan and Bush declined to revive the program -- Mr. Reagan didn't want lethal ''Star Wars'' beams to accidentally vaporize a key G.O.P.
However, Woods tied for second at the season-opening Mercedes Championships and tied for third at the Buick Invitational three weeks ago.
Both are less than the 50 percent that Mr. Rabin, a military man, believed Israel could safely cede.
In Floral Park I discovered an eclectic mix of useless stuff that was mine for the taking.
Also present were Patrick Ewing of the Knicks, the players association president, and union lawyers.
Grandmother of Gwen, Robin, Rick, Michael and Jeffrey, greatgrandmother of Jessica, Jordan, Zachary, Marissa, Erica, Alix, Kayle, Reid, Chelsea and Blake.
chairman told a Senate panel that he might scale back a plan to connect schools and libraries to the Internet and said a final decision would be made by tomorrow.
Several paintings, which bear on the timing of the first colonization of the Americas, have been dated by Dr. Ronald I. Dorn, a pioneer of the rock varnish method at Arizona State University.
HOURS -- Lunch: Mondays through Saturdays, 11:30 A.M. through 3 P.M. Dinner: daily, 5 to 9 P.M. Brunch: Sunday, 11 A.M. to 2:30 P.M. CREDIT CARDS -- All major.
A10 Abortion Clinic Bombing A letter from the ''Army of God,'' the group that took responsibility for two bombings in Atlanta last year, said it carried out the bombing of an abortion clinic in Birmingham, Ala. A10 Disclosure for Doctors The F.D.A.
One might assume that Spiders would have fallen as low as $87.67 that day and closed at $87.70.
Every year, the city is sued for billions of dollars and winds up paying hundreds of millions in settlements.
The principal assured me that every 20 minutes the doors are checked.''
* DONALD LIPSKI, ''The Yearling,'' Doris C. Freedman Plaza, Fifth Avenue at 60th Street, sponsored by the Public Art Fund, (212) 980-4575 (through May 31).
But what has changed of late is that some of the envy, criticism and concern is now coming from loyal customers; more than anything that has caused some quaking at Microsoft headquarters in Redmond, where more than 12,000 people work for the company.
This total upset of their society, as poverty separates them from art and learning, is now their overriding concern.
Someday a software program using so-called fuzzy logic may scan my (or your) carefully composed messages and label them ''No Point.''
The merger announcement, made at the start of December, followed an announcement in August that the British Petroleum Company would buy the Amoco Corporation for $48 billion.
So, when you said to Mrs. Currie that, I was never alone with her, right, you just meant that you and Ms. Lewinsky would be somewhere perhaps in the Oval Office or many times in your back study, is that correct?
Zydeco takes the rural tradition of the black Creoles and marries it to rhythm-and-blues, creating a louder, more urban dance music in which the groove is all important.
When they entered or left the building, the replacements were greeted by angry cries of ''scab'' from the strikers, who were cordoned off by police barricades.
What more did I know?
In those circumstances, I wouldn't.
The Catholics argue that the marches should be banned or, at least, rerouted.
The Stars are in the midst of their longest unbeaten string since the Minnesota North Stars went 9-0-3 from Feb. 18 to March 15, 1982.
He was a gentleman and a scholar, a wonderful teacher and a gentle man who made a major contribution to communication disorders and authored many works including a major text on Woodrow Wilson.
''I'd call our new sound rich but light, with depth yet float.
He last attended an owners meeting in March 1989.
On the bottom of the plate, slices of green banana, bumpy with seeds, represent the imperfect earth.
Before that, three Democratic mayors of Chicago's southern suburbs announced that they could not endorse Mr. Poshard because he has not favored construction of an airport in Peotone, about 50 miles south of the city.
But you should certainly be made aware that the trip is new, and that there will be uncertainties.
The son patronizes her and says, ''I hope you don't mind us talking business.''
Emerging market equity funds declined by 0.5 percent to 3.5 percent.
Julio Cesar Chavez has been fined $5,000 for not taking a drug test before leaving the Foxwoods Resort Casino in Mashantucket, Conn., on Thursday night after his bout with Ken Sigurani.
At a time when even Hollywood, city of dreams, is in danger of becoming as homogenized as every other Star-Gap-Republic-infested town, Mr. Nicks and his pack, which isn't ratty but does revere the rats, have made it their mission to celebrate, maximally, what sets Hollywood apart.
After the November elections, it will be difficult for a Republican Congress not to investigate your relationship with the President, so your life may be disrupted a lot longer.
The eroticism is refined, just as it is in works of Tang's contemporary Shakespeare.
Instead, he has worked to school his Columbia squad in the intricacies of the Princeton offense and defense.
Financial terms were not disclosed, though Airtouch said the new contract would not change its capital spending projections.
His experience in war-ravaged Europe had made him all too familiar with injustice.
Tonight at 8; tickets are $25 (Pareles).
Today all our attorneys and support personnel have immediate access to information at their desks, including computer-assisted research litigation support, document management and production, network faxing, Internet access for search and communications and direct-line transfers to and from clients.
The players know that their team, which during the preseason was regarded as a Super Bowl contender, was in danger of missing the playoffs.
Several prominent aid organizations said they welcomed President Clinton's announcement this week that the United States would organize an initial emergency aid package of $70 million.
I just wanted to say that.''
He said he told the officials: ''With all due respect, it's time to shoot or shut up,'' and said he was disappointed that the American position still seemed insufficiently aggressive.
GEORGE NICOLAU New York, Nov. 19, 1998 The writer is a former president of the National Academy of Arbitrators.
Unlike most political columns, this one is unencumbered by detailed knowledge of the candidates' stands on important issues like health insurance and campaign finance reform.
This might be one of them.''
Officer Volpe is also accused of later ramming a stick into Mr. Louima's rectum and then his mouth in a station house bathroom, causing major internal injuries, while Officer Schwarz allegedly held Mr. Louima down.
At the same time, buyers who work in Hauppauge and Melville are becoming more willing to travel 22 more miles and 10 more exits from Veterans Memorial Highway for a country life style and better values.
''I remember when there were no lines,'' she said.
She went on: ''But it's becoming less political and more about affection, which is exactly the point.
The ad by Mr. Franks showed a black-and-white, slow-motion clip of Senator Dodd, then an ever-growing pile of money.
He called his show ''Geotropics,'' though how the clothes fitted the theme was not always obvious.
The grafting and replanting that the two researchers recommended eventually helped California move beyond jug wines to become one of the world's premier wine-producing areas.
''The amount of money they have is obscene.
For this reason, at an agricultural display in the Tuscan city of Lucca, I postponed buying bulky bottles of green olive oil from a first pressing ($11) and Montecarlo white wine ($5).
Four Webgrrls are part of the Suffolk County District Attorney's task force on Internet safety.
Three kindergarten children -- Muhammed Najar, 4, an Israeli Arab Muslim; Kerem Ben-Yeshai, 5, an Israeli Jew, and Mouna Boulos, 4, an Israeli Arab Christian -- stood in their classroom before a phalanx of cameras and solemnly lit a Ramadan lamp, a menorah, and, with an electric switch, a little tabletop Christmas tree.
In the lawsuit, it seeks $10 million in damages and to be released from its lease with Spectacor.
The sweet, eggy dough suggests a moist, fragrant cross between brioche and panettone, sparkling with rum-soaked candied fruits.
''There's a big difference between security and confidentiality,'' said A. G. Breitenstein, director of the Health Law Institute, a private nonprofit research center in Boston.
''The reality is that they'd be clobbered politically if they didn't call Kenneth Starr,'' said Representative Barney Frank, the Massachusetts Democrat.
And we went up past Snoopy's Nose -- that was the way the river ran, we called them different names and all that -- and next thing you know we were into Cambodia, up in the Parrot's Beak.
It was intended as a gift for his wife: a small abstract painting of two interlocking figures whose outstretched hands hold one another's heart.
''No makeup,'' said BARBARA LAYTON, the owner.
A8 Albright Meeting Angers Hosts Secretary of State Madeleine K. Albright met the wife of a jailed Malaysian political leader in Kuala Lumpur, a gesture of solidarity that angered her hosts at the annual meeting of the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation forum.
So as the inspectors came closer and closer to the chemical weapons and biological warfare capacity he built secretly for 20 years, in peace, war and cease-fire, he invited attack by the U.S. rather than give up trying to destroy the inspection system.
China devalued its currency in 1993 and 1994.
Just before he went up to do his thing, Postma said, ''I'll eat the first 11, then the last four I'm going to chew up, like the Jazz are going to chew up Chicago tonight.''
Is Mr. Dreman, 62, disheartened?
Last year, according to a corporate report, Lillian Vernon Corporation processed 4.8 million orders and employed more than 4,500 people during the Christmas season.
In her book, which she wrote with Sarah Wernick, she outlines a simple 40-minute, twice-weekly home program with ankle weights and dumbbells.
Mr. Shen told reporters that the rebels had stripped him and his companions of their bird-watching equipment after their capture.
Tonight, Kulik delivered a performance as gossamer as the wings on the sleeves of his costume.
You are disappointed, but you move on.''
Ambushed on the subject of Monica Lewinsky by lawyers who had been secretly briefed by Linda Tripp, Mr. Clinton had a simple explanation for all the visits, all the gifts, all the extraordinary headhunting help for a young woman who had been banished from the White House for inappropriate behavior: Betty made me do it.
With the aid of the Metropolitan Plant Encyclopedia and on-line questions and answers, you may even be able to identify that mystery plant growing in your yard or out of the cracks in your sidewalk.
That's the kind of place the University of Texas is.'
There is another Web site at www.les3vallees.com, and an unofficial site at www.merinet.com.
Performance artists whose lawsuit led to yesterday's Supreme Court decision on indecency in the arts expressed disappointment at the ruling, saying they feared it would have a chilling effect on creativity and freedom of expression.
Mr. Hamilton, a partner in the Washington law firm Swidler Berlin Shereff & Friedman, has written a book on Congressional investigations and has informally advised Mr. Clinton on how to control the damage from scandal inquiries.
Then came the second part of her education, in which she developed what she calls a populist's passion for the unadorned and unrehearsed in American culture.
The Sanitation Department tried to buy it.
''Of course, there will be foreign exchange risk,'' she added.
Casanova: The Man Who Really Loved Women By Lydia Flem.
The company, which warned investors in October to expect slower sales because of economic turmoil in Asia and Latin America, said it would announce a 10 percent cut in its work force, or 10,000 jobs, in January.
Does he balance his visit to the Gaza Strip with one to Masada, the Alamo of Israel?
One has to do with the public revulsion factor.
Cover and simmer gently for five minutes.
So far, no law school has been declared ineligible for aid, said Colonel Begines, though detente has not been reached with everyone.
The Sony Corporation, for example, said it was licensing Java to create a home entertainment network.
To get to tonight's vote, the bill's sponsors had to surmount months of challenges as the Republican leadership first tried to block the legislation from the floor and then tried to subject it to scores of amendments designed to fracture the bill's coalition.
They have done experimental work -- finding, for instance, that ''A Current Affair'' sticks in people's memories much better than an evening newscast does -- and have developed two rival theories of gossip.
Admission: adults, $5; the elderly and students, $3; children 12 and under with an adult, free.
No less mysterious is the department's treatment of his father, James Wrynn, an inspector in the Internal Affairs Bureau.
However, the unemployment rate rose a tenth of a point, to 4.7 percent, and nonfarm payrolls tumbled 36,000, suggesting that growth may be cooling a bit.
''It has a sweetish kind of smell,'' Mr. Scarangella said of the bright yellow plastic band, whose active ingredients are d-Limonene (an extract of lime peels) and two pheremones.
Many proposals were unrealistic or simply did not make sense, the Mayor said.
''We made a mistake with that ball there.''
''My wife and I want this institute to be viable forever, and the scientists are counting on me to do that,'' he added.
Curt Gowdy and Paul Christman came to work at NBC in 1965, after calling A.F.L.
Gang, a growing legion of readers who take preternatural delight in exposing the grammatical errors of the resident columnist.
By playing a lot you get in a game mood -- because the next week you go right out there and it's the real thing.''
It was that rifle that Kip used to fire off 50 rounds at Thurston High School.
Members of the Methodist clergy are appointed for one year at a time.
The other new crosswalk is on the Avenue of the Americas north of 50th Street.
He has just brought out ''The Secret Life of Bill Clinton,'' by a British journalist, Ambrose Evans-Pritchard, which accuses the President or his aides of having been involved, directly or indirectly, in mysterious deaths and conspiracies.
B3 Aid for Police Whistle-Blowers The New York City Police Department has instituted a new policy intended to protect whistle-blowers from retaliation from fellow officers.
American officials said two American F.B.I.
But last week, Cendant offered to buy the company for $58 a share, or $2.7 billion, and filed a Federal lawsuit seeking to break up the A.I.G.
Medical journal articles sometimes pay little attention to side effects.
Ground was broken last month on the Staples Center, a $300 million sports and entertainment complex.
asked Tim Russert on the ''Today'' show Wednesday.
There is little doubt the Mets would like to trade Hundley before spring training begins.
Veronique Bessis and Catherine D'Ovidio of France, 56.06 percent.
Federal agents arrested six men here on Oct. 9 after surveillance indicated that the men intended to harm several operators of adult entertainment businesses that openly front for prostitution.
But whether it was the tension of the deadline or just a tough night, the Nets could not survive the game, falling to the Atlanta Hawks, 114-104, at the Alexander Memorial Coliseum on the Georgia Tech campus.
A Broncos spokesman, Paul Kirk, said that he could not confirm the radio station's report and that no news conference had been scheduled.
All but 200 of them were living in makeshift shelters in Ciudad Acuna, Mr. Mena said, while the rest had fled south or moved in with friends or relatives.
An Armani tuxedo jacket is neatly hung over the back of a chair.
Mr. Collis said there are currently about 45 families in the Bridgeport area gathering hours towards their own homes, with an estimated wait of about two years before being chosen.
Hearst, bent on beating Joseph Pulitzer's New York World at the newsstands, told the artist to do no such thing: ''You furnish the pictures and I will furnish the war.''
Katie Seifried, the switchboard operator for 30 years, will be the last of her family to work at the track.
''Kodak is no longer on the defensive, but is buying more sales,'' said Ulysses Yannas, an analyst with Mercer, Bokert, Buckman & Reid.
For a quarter-century, it has stood like a gaudy fortress across from the Port Authority, withstanding occasional attacks from community groups and thwarting city inspectors with diligent health code compliance.
The problem is that in most instances, no one is sure which are the crucial species.
The Met went all out in 1967 for its premiere, with a cast including Evelyn Lear, Marie Collier and a young baritone named Sherrill Milnes in the role of Adam, the bastard son of Ezra's deceased brother.
But now they can lay off workers under certain conditions, including acute financial difficulties or under a merger with other companies.
I work 40 hours without going to sleep.''
Knoblauch is an excellent base runner, too.
Ron Mercer kept the Celtics in the game throughout and he finished with 31 points, including 10 in the fourth quarter.
Penn's Franklin Field, in its present conformation, dates to 1921.
While workers for big companies like Sprint get a break on the cost of their health insurance, tens of millions of others, the employees of small businesses that lack Sprint's negotiating clout, have seen their costs continue to rise at the 1980's rate.
The game has changed dramatically in the past two decades.
Based on yesterday's closing stock price of $74.4375, down 87.5 cents, those options are worth $67.8 million.
There, a bus carrying 22 would-be gamblers from Brooklyn spun out of control on its way south, plunging backward down an embankment and rolling over at least once.
He is a columnist for two English newspapers and produces a book or two every year.
''It was an honest mistake,'' said Patrick Clark, a spokesman for the Brooklyn District Attorney's office, which prosecuted Ms. Fineberg.
But he finally decided he was more comfortable admitting there were certain things he could not do, joining the community of the disabled and even making jokes on the subject.
As for the few people she refers to by nickname in the book, she said plainly, ''I doubt they would recognize themselves.''
Because of laws restricting the height of buildings, plus more than a century of zealous preservation of green spaces, Washington has an airier, less congested feeling than many cities.
This is why Italian households can be loud but rarely a threat to one's physical safety.
Blink, and you can confuse the late-night comedy panels of ''Politically Incorrect'' with the barking heads of Sunday morning.
A Japanese woman goes by with her two children, searching for a kids' museum that's supposed to be nearby.
Ample time is devoted to the myths surrounding Nessie and the various attempts to locate her.
Without singling out any official, General Fenimore, the military affairs division's commander, acknowledged that there have been managerial problems at the armory.
''It's been a hungry summer,'' he said.
He worked there specializing in corporate tax and agricultural cooperative law.
Detailed Screening But No Guarantees But the most assiduous screening of donors for physical and mental characteristics and personality traits can provide only limited assurances about the child who will be born, genetics experts said.
In Tenafly, the Superintendent is leaving after June 30 following conflicts with the board.
But on a night like this, Rose would have been little more than a shovel of dirt in the gaping hole the Bulls were digging for their opponent.
Columbia produces some attractive wines meant for newcomers to wine drinking.
Yellowstone, Glacier and the other great national parks of the West.
A carpenter friend of my father's had built it for me when I was a little girl.
Davis hit a solo homer in the first off Justin Thompson, and his home run off the hard-throwing rookie Matt Anderson (2-1) snapped a 4-4 tie in the seventh.
To put the matter kindly, he gets through the notoriously strenuous part sounding not much worse at the end than at the beginning.
The concluding test required that the top four riders in the standing jump the course riding their rivals' horses.
He plays Sonny, a Southern preacher of vast charm and volcanic energy, as serious in his faith as he is flawed in nature.
''From the outside it looks like three buildings, but it's really one,'' said Maureen O'Boyle, a director with Cushman & Wakefield's Stamford office.
The restaurant's thoughtfulness extends to the wine list, which now includes reasonably priced bottles along with its very expensive treasures.
Performances begin on June 15.
But the appointment had its critics.
The actual motive, though, is a stalled screen career.
Loving brother of John P., Christopher, Marianne, and Eugene.
Who in America, aside from Jerry Springer's panelists, runs around freely confessing to infidelity?
You just have to overlook the old.''
In December, Iraq executed four Jordanian students who had smuggled $850 in auto parts into the country.
Some real estate executives have speculated that the steep decline in the price of Vornado's stock (the name comes from a fan company taken over by Mr. Roth's predecessor as a tax shelter) have made it impossible for the company to issue operating partnership units, which eventually convert into common stock, to pay for properties.
Here are excerpts from a recent conversation with Mrs. Magilton: Q.
There's a nice inconclusiveness about these paintings; closure is not their forte (Glueck).
Mr. Rose said the administration was now willing to replace or reshape the Street Vendor Review Panel, a body dominated by mayoral appointees.
Builder was a senior operations research specialist at Rand, the research concern based in Santa Monica, Calif.
In 1922, John D. Rockefeller Jr. bought them and later gave them to the Met.
JIM WELLS Midland Park Turquoise Glass When we bought our first dining room set with a large hutch, I began collecting turquoise glass -- dishes, bowls, glasses, candle holders, vases, etc.
So we'll impose a mandatory car buyback to take vehicles out of circulation.
''What are your options -- charge the mound, get suspended, get somebody on your own team hurt?
So, you could waive it; that is, Judge Johnson granted a motion for an open procedure.
But about her work she said cheerfully: ''I congratulate myself all the time.
If the Yankees eventually decide or are forced to remain in a renovated or new Yankee Stadium, their fans should put a plaque for Judge McKeon out there in Monument Park in deep left field alongside those for Babe Ruth, Lou Gehrig, Joe DiMaggio, Mickey Mantle and so many others.
Some analysts even suspect a widespread sympathy for cult members who say they knew nothing about the violence.
She said the merger offered some opportunities for cost savings but would improve Alltel's earnings even without savings.
We're convinced there's going to be an alternative political party -- it's either going to come from us or from the right.
Dear brother of Shirley Wasserstein.
A state police trooper involved in a controversial shooting on the New Jersey Turnpike in April has been cleared by a grand jury of any wrongdoing in a separate turnpike shooting a month earlier, officials said yesterday.
In a large, heavy pot, heat half the butter over medium high heat.
''I don't want either India or Pakistan to fight,'' Mr. Kathwari said last week.
Other properties in the Feil portfolio are 7 Penn Plaza, at Seventh Avenue and 30th Street; 250 Park Avenue South, at 20th Street; the Gramercy Park Building, 257 Park Avenue South, at 21st Street, and the former Roosevelt Building, 841 Broadway, at 13th Street.
What has happed to erode the savings?
He was a dazzling complement to Ms. Lopatkina's vibrancy.
Yesterday, Luis, 32, lay in an open casket, his hands folded around a black rosary.
Right now I'm driving, and I've got a phone in one hand and with my other hand I just pulled out the Rex from my pocket.
Prosecutors and defense lawyers in the case declined to discuss the plea bargain arrangement, which was first reported today in The Star-Ledger in Newark.
Stocks Continue to Decline On Concerns About Profits Investor concerns about the economic crisis in Asia and its impact on the earnings of American companies continued to send stock market gauges lower.
The administrative staff of St. Luke's-Roosevelt Hospital Center mourns the death of our beloved friend and colleague, Frank Maffei, Vice President for Operations.
Robert McKee, a screenwriter, will discuss the film after it is shown at 7:30 P.M. at the Squire Theater on Middle Neck Road (773-3571).
During the campaign battles of the last few weeks, Mr. Stoiber has carefully avoided appearing on the same stage as Mr. Kohl or even mentioning Mr. Kohl's name in his speeches.
Immediately after the killings the President wrested the investigation out of the hands of state authorities and handed it over to the country's Attorney General.
But the difficulties ahead can be surmounted with goodwill and an honest effort to do what is best for the country.
A native of Waukegan, Ill., she went to work as a typist at Great Lakes Naval Training Center near Chicago right out of high school in 1957, and moved to Washington two years later to work for the Navy.
Because of the work involved in producing these wines, and because they are made from the best grapes and only in ideal vintages, they can be expensive.
The safe had been stolen from a store in Cairo, south of Albany.
Dr. Gould said research elsewhere had shown later suicides often had only peripheral relationships to earlier ones and seemed to involve less severe psychological problems.
It has a subsidiary that has issued shares publicly, and that company is Mrs. Liu's direct employer, China Aerospace International.
By 1972, the percentage had risen to 39 percent and did not budge through 1992.
She prepares and lights candles that are supposedly tailored specifically to the hopes of each client.
Ms. Brown was talking before the evening performance of ''Black Nativity'' on Saturday, the second-to-last day of this year's run.
A Day Away From New York Q.
''When the Civic Council refurbishes these homes, we will know they will be sold as one-family houses to people who are going to live in them,'' she said.
But as Mr. Giuliani said at a hearing in Albany last month, ''The block grant is inadequate to meet the mandates imposed upon the city.''
''They all have big boats -- big deal.
Vertical pieces of Sheetrock hold the simple construction in place.
Mrs. Schwartz, 33, is an associate at Zukerman Gore & Brandeis, a New York law firm.
Faced with the steamrolling might of companies like Ellen Tracy, small design houses had better have a taut idea to sell.
But Oman is not cheap, and a visitor should expect to spend at least $100 per person a night.
This Saturday in a Big East game at Boston College (1-0), the Scarlet Knights look to build a winning streak for the first time since 1995.
The stringers are the side boards that support the treads and risers.
The summit meetings started in 1975.
Mr. Scheck's father managed Connie Francis and moved his family from Forest Hills to the Upper East Side.
''We're always concerned when there's an attack that involves bias,'' he said.
At the hearing before the House Banking subcommittee on general oversight and investigations, Representative Bernie Sanders, the Vermont independent who ranks among the fiercest critics of the monetary fund in the House, charged that the Administration violated the law.
Crew said of the program.
'We can't take the easy way out.''
''I feel that working is the best thing anybody can be doing,'' she says, ''especially when you're doing something you like, and you're able to give other people some work, and generally be helpful all around.
The person she studied with told her to work on cylinder seals of the Akkad period.
Another was the proliferation of outdoor green markets.
Roberto Alomar had four hits as the Orioles improved to 6-1 for the fourth time.
Uncertainty over who controls the land has hampered such efforts.
Senator Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania recalled a Lincoln speech and felt the punning urge to tell a right-wing columnist that ''the Department of Justice cannot survive half slave and half Freeh.''
And then he started to speak of 50 years ago, 40 years ago.''
''With the recent tragic events involving students shooting students in school,'' said Mr. Rowland, ''I feel it is important to sensitize the entire school community about how we can prevent these types of episodes from happening here in Connecticut.
The 1,200-square-foot traveling exhibition, designed by the Children's Museum of Houston, invites families to become something like playing pieces in a big board game.
''It's a horrible, horrible loss,'' said Mrs. Myers, who had one daughter before the stillbirth and has had another one since.
''We have an opportunity to create a very special kind of region.''
3981 State Highway 9, Freehold.
Dinner for two from $135 with a nice bottle of wine.
It all looked so familiar at Giants Stadium today -- eight Giants sacks, three long Giants scoring drives, 141 yards rushing, no turnovers and three turnovers forced.
But they have little defense against mountain lions, especially when the sheep move to lower elevations in winter.
But, in this case, the decision has been made.
''Tearing the old building down would have been cheaper, but that would have offended a great many people,'' said Monsignor Swiger.
''I felt coerced to say more than I knew.''
A trooper says dryly, ''Well, what we had here was that these Jawas had stolen some imperial property and it unfortunately turned violent.''
Members of Ms. Fahey's family have watched the trial unfold.
Warhol less frequently used the larger negative image, in which several Franz Kline-like slashes of black seem to be overtaking the surface.
But pending mass-transit legislation, sponsored by Senator Alfonse D'Amato of New York, would set aside only about $36 billion for transit, or about 17 percent of total highway and transit spending.
The Devils made the score respectable and may have generated some momentum for Game 5 when they scored two goals in the final six minutes and almost tied it with about a minute left.
Red pepper soup is smooth, light and mildly spicy, fine for vegans, since it is made without cream.
I saw a teacher step in front of someone else and get shot.''
William Calley, who led American troops who massacred civilians at My Lai, did not go far enough.
with you when applied to the President's case?
''The small CD's that people buy are convenient, but the fanatic knows better.
Her life was totally devoted to her husband, the eminent Rabbi Israel Mowshowitz, to her family and to the community.
She will soon release her third video, ''Smoke,'' and begin writing songs and compiling her next album.
Jacques Lemaire, head coach of the Devils, will be behind the bench for the North American team.
In January, when the beach disappeared to the point where the waves were crashing directly onto the fat tubes of sand and all passage was blocked, public resentment rose to a boil.
Williams, who was laughing with Van Horn after his tap-in, said: ''I told Keith to dunk the basketball.
You could go right through to Canada like this, from lake to lake, and the idea appealed to me, at least in theory.
Joining a gym with so many younger members made her feel awkward at first, she said, but she quickly adjusted.
The company said costs and losses were forcing it to cancel coverage in Westchester County and three other counties in New York, nine counties in New Jersey and six of eight in Connecticut, including Fairfield County.
He said the process of trying to get his license back had taken a tremendous psychological toll on him.
That is the heart of the impeachment case.
Plan C was appealing to friends.''
A seven-year veteran, Vaughn had his finest season, clubbing 40 homers, knocking in 115 runs and hitting a career-best .337 to finish second in the American League batting race.
This may be one reason, he said, that learning a new language becomes much more difficult after the age of 10.
We are not here today to decide whether or not to impeach Mr. Clinton.
Most of the other Cabinet members will almost certainly keep their jobs.
When the Civil War broke out, Judge Terry abandoned politics for a military career.
So the likes of Al D'Amato and Carol Moseley-Braun are being shown the door, and quieter types -- Charles Schumer in New York, for one, and the aptly named Gray Davis in California -- are receiving warm welcomes.
''That's something we want to continue, but we also want to add some flavor in the passing game.''
''I'm not for any of this brotherhood stuff.''
Stanford White was everyone's favorite bon vivant and American boulevardier.
''[Bill] never knew what Jerry wanted.
Maybe she'll have one more year.''
The fastest way to make the 150-mile drive to Bran is to take E85 to Bacau and then E574 to Bran by way of Brasov (bra-SHOV).
Montaigne is a little too prolix in his determination to tell us almost everything that happens as he fishes his way across the country, and he gives us a few too many accounts of the people he meets and of their repetitiously gloomy opinions of post-Communist Russia.
''Everyone has always been very, very friendly.''
Bunch, featuring spidery sounds from contrabassoon, cocktail music (in which Yosuke Kawasaki relished his schmaltzy violin cadenzas) and a jew's-harp solo from Mr. Sachs.
One-inch ceramic tiles from Ideal Tile, 2048 Broadway (70th Street), are opaque but similar.
Click on ''Turkey Tips'' at www.starchef.com.
Last year, that amounted to $34.8 million.
And at one point he broke into English to discuss how the failure of a major Japanese bank, the Long Term Credit Bank of Japan, ''might result in systemic risk for the United States and for Japan.''
Immediately pour the mixture out onto a buttered pan.
Services on Monday, August 17, at 2 PM, at Ezrath Israel, Ellenville, New York.
In this memoir, the ''I'' who tells the story is far more elusive than the protagonists in his short fiction.
But his other ventures and his weariness with the plodding manner of the baseball owners sent Turner into the background.
The Travel Industry Association study predicts that by 2002, 57 million households in the United States will be on line, up from 15.2 million in 1996.
Michael Murphy, editor of the California Technology Stock Letter, said that the price was attractive but that the deal was risky because it left Seagate more vulnerable than ever to the cutthroat pricing of the disk-drive industry.
He was the starting left fielder for the Yankees tonight in Game 3, and he homered again, this time a three-run shot that gave the Yankees a 4-0 lead before the game was delayed by rain with the Rangers batting in the bottom of the sixth inning.
Other questions have arisen about the Administration's accusations, including statements by a senior intelligence official hours after the attack that the plant in Khartoum was heavily guarded and produced no commercial products.
GETTYSBURG--Announced the retirement of Jack Bream, executive director of the Orange & Blue Club, effective January 1, 1999.
In 1970, at a ceremony marking the 100th anniversary of the dedication of the Central Synagogue, Rabbi Schindler recalled the simple people -- the shopkeepers and tailors of the lower East Side -- who pooled their money to buy the land at 55th Street and Lexington Avenue where they would eventually build their temple.
David H. Steward, president and chief executive at TV Guide magazine in New York, part of News America Publishing Group, said yesterday that he would resign, effective immediately.
Into the Picture The actor ED HARRIS has spent three nights this month at JACKSON POLLOCK'S house, preparing for a forthcoming film about Pollock, the pioneering Abstract Expressionist, and his widow, LEE KRASNER.
In other words, the world may be stuck with coal at least for a while, but that may not be the disaster it might appear.
The exact sequence was still far from clear last night, but the police said that it appeared that Mr. Smith opened fire first.
We extend our sincere sympathy to her sons Henry and Walter, her grandchildren and great-grandchildren.
Services 12 noon, Monday, at ''The Riverside,'' 76th Street and Amsterdam Avenue.
The challenge to Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani is a change of course for Mr. Hill, who in the past had not objected to the city's Work Experience Program, which requires certain welfare recipients to work for their benefits, and accepted Giuliani administration assurances that no union workers were being replaced.
But she also has little use for menus.
Because the mountain alone will not be able to contain the waste without some help from man, if then, engineering details such as how the wastes are packaged and how the storage tunnels are laid out will be crucial, the assessment states.
Its goal was an independent country, not affiliation with Pakistan, and its membership, while Muslim, was largely secular in outlook.
Though the problem is greatest at two-year community colleges, a national survey by the United States Department of Education in 1995 found that nearly a third of all college freshmen were required to take at least one remedial course in reading, writing or mathematics.
Raised in Boston, Ms. Hawkes majored in art history at Swarthmore.
this is the story of a Santa Claus who really did exist.
Stock, Vladimir Vorobiev, Dan Cloutier, Daniel Goneau and Maksim Galanov.
The field of 32 is too small, LeCrone said.
''That will show he will not let a recession happen.''
''I expect a lot of them will decide to stay.
Crew, said that Efficacy was the winning bidder in a public bidding process, and that Dr.
Randstad, an Amsterdam international staffing company, said it wanted a stronger presence in the United States market.
Discussions continue with the city and state of New York and with the state of New Jersey.''
As a medical reporter specializing in end-of-life treatment issues, I knew the morphine would accelerate death.
But the jurors said they did not want to hurt the three advisers, who had portrayed their fight on behalf of Ms. Brawley as a singular battle in the decades-long civil rights struggle.
Sosa, 1 for 4 with three r.b.i., has six homers in his last 11 games.
The deforestation has led to more rapid runoff of rain waters and increased silting of river and lake beds.
Harlem has 5 percent of the city's nearly two million African-Americans, not 15 percent.
This could complicate the logistics of late-night activities.
Changes in American tastes in vehicles are also affecting how engineers look at roads.
Colonial Gas, based in Lowell, Mass., is a regulated natural gas utility serving more than 150,000 customers northwest of Boston and on Cape Cod.
Daylight had not yet arrived and a black Lincoln Town Car was waiting to take her somewhere.
WILL on-line bookstores someday doom the small, independently owned bookstore?
A spokeswoman for the election commission declined to comment on the matter.
Staller also has remained in the black by screening films.
By process of elimination -- ''See, those are the twins, and they have one older sister'' -- we settled on Rhona as our mystery cousin.
Names of delegates never appear on a public ballot unless a race is contested, which is rare.
The Deluxe Corporation said yesterday that it had agreed to sell Paperdirect Inc. and the Social Expressions component of Current Inc. to an undisclosed private investor for an undisclosed sum.
Scott Rieger, a spokesman for Daou, said the practice is required under generally accepted accounting principles and was validated by its accountants, Ernst & Young.
Mr. Ordonez's grandson, Francisco Rivera Ordonez, is currently one of the leading matadors in Spain.
Given to Richard Bushnell a small piece of land upon ye little plaine near the land of the Indian where the burying place is, upon a deep valley that goes down to goodman Elderkin's.''
If he sticks by his earlier statement, and Mr. Starr can corroborate Ms. Lewinsky's claims that she had sex with the President, Mr. Clinton risks being charged with perjury in these grand jury proceedings.
Which might have been why on Super Bowl Sunday, a day when all men are freight trains, rockets, battering rams, NBC turned down a $1.3 million, 30-second text-only commercial for an impotence treatment, a suppository manufactured by Vivus Inc.
She stood before us dressed in an elaborate floor-length white wedding dress and veil.
Local cable viewers fortunate enough to receive FX, Fox's cable network, saw the St. Louis game, with cut-ins to the Cubs and Giants games.
While it is still unclear whether full-blown financial contagion is afoot, analysts are finding little to be optimistic about overseas.
The Parkchester South Condominium Board, one of the two boards that represent the sprawling development's 5,900 condominium owners, voted unanimously last month to endorse a $180 million project to renovate the nearly 12,300 units in the complex.
More are discouraged than ever before.
Mr. Netanyahu declared that he was ''brimming with some confidence, but not overconfidence.''
You must keep saying, 'What can I do without?'
Often all that angst is played out at the ultimate moment -- when a writer delivers a manuscript or is supposed to.
The rosy reports were misleading, the shareholders say, and was intended to help Sunbeam arrange financing to acquire three companies.
Governor Wilson, an adroit practitioner of slashing advertising who had weeks ago predicted Mr. Checchi would win, said in an interview that he had never seen such fluctuations in a primary.
Central Synagogue, its Board of Trustees and members, record with heartfelt sorrow the passing of Eric Wasserman, the beloved son of our Vice President, Samuel Wasserman and Sandra Wasserman and cherished brother of Robert and Cary.
''Maybe fireball,'' Senator Dodd recently joked.
It communicates intelligence, sophistication, romance, masculinity, exotica.
A report on the Lyme disease study is to be published on Friday in the journal Science.
TORRIERO-Robert on October 30, 1998 in Stuart, Florida.
Impeachment, he said, is ''like a grand jury that looks at the evidence, and the House decides whether the evidence warrants sending it to the Senate for trial.''
'' Nine bronze sculptures will be displayed at Silvermine Galleries along with photographs of Solon and of other works.
Patients, younger surgeons and secretaries adored him.
If anyone deserved a happy ending to two draining weeks on this soggy red clay, it was Seles.
These are the worst kinds of tragedies.''
''Steel framing is especially good for jobs like kitchen renovations where cabinets have to be fitted,'' he said.
Mr. Butler said he repudiated the deal because, in his view, it would have hurt the public hospitals even while rescuing some workers from layoffs by redeploying them.
They call it the ''confessional season,'' the period when corporate America begins to warn Wall Street of the troubles that lie ahead.
Mr. Levitt said he did not intend to tell fund companies how much to charge.
Mr. Corzine and Mr. Paulsen are also expected to address the status of the firm's plan to end its private partnership and sell shares to the public.
GERMANY Franz Beckenbauer, who captained and coached Germany to World Cup triumphs in 1974 and 1990, respectively, will join the executive committee of the German federation next month.
His players feel a national championship would not be a bad third.
At about the same time, the board released two other inmates in cases that are also being scrutinized by prosecutors, according to interviews with officials and others in Albany and New York City who are involved in the inquiry.
Knowing the cause and how to prevent cardiac arrest is fine, but that is barely enough if it occurs during a Little League game.
I think the witness is confused on dates.
Outraged conservatives vented their anger today over the plan to change the laws.
Utah's victory in Game 1 may have eased, at least temporarily, the insecurities of a city that is desperately pulling for its team to win its first championship.
It is an old football injury that never healed right, and it gives him a slightly dangerous, back-alley look, thoroughly in keeping with his broad shoulders and powerful hands.
And for almost as long, the town's preservationists, planners and Main Street merchants have been arguing with large-scale commercial developers over the real key to Riverhead's rebirth.
They are poached and sauced just like the classics and taste every bit as good, but are much more economical.
The trio stood in the store, their gazes fixed on video monitors that showed documentaries featuring their comrades.
The waiter who had followed us with coconut drinks to our room was still on our tail, but this time, we decided to give in and see what fresh coconut milk with vodka tasted like.
He would move to the Swiss Alps in June to escape the summer heat.
I hope that Two Trees, Borough President Howard Golden and other city leaders will see that the new vision for this area includes those of us serving our community's children and families.
Starter specials with some panache included grilled sea scallops enveloped by smoked bacon in a pool of luscious lobster cream (that looked as inviting as it tasted) with daubs of fresh mozzarella on tomato slices, and grilled shrimp (two jumbos) wrapped in prosciutto, accompanied by tender grilled sea scallops in a delicate pesto.
THURSDAY The Commerce Department reports on factory orders for December.
''That's the mark of a good team.''
Maria Earle, majestically imposing with an air of charming innocence, winds through the piece like a motif, drawing the others along to music by Michael Wimberly, the group's genial, coolly impassioned percussionist.
''Everybody knew we wanted this dress, and that we were prepared to get it,'' she said, smiling sweetly and laughing.
LOOK at the body language,'' someone was saying in the press box as the Atlanta Braves took the field for the bottom of the eighth inning Saturday afternoon.
doesn't do anything for us.
Other categories include works on paper and sculpture.
The isolation of this island habitat led to the dwarfing of large animals, like elephants and hippos, which had wandered over from Europe on an earlier land bridge, and to gigantism in smaller species, for example, a giant dormouse.
You're only going to see what they want you to see.''
Similar pain -- and even outrage -- can be heard from Audrey Flack, the artist who won the competition to create the statue and has spent six years on the project.
Closed Mondays and the last two weeks in July.
The difference owes largely to the expiration of the patent on tamoxifen in England several years ago.
But in 1870 it was partly destroyed by fire.
Based on the valuations of Interpublic and Omnicom, about two times revenue, Y.& R.'s total value could be $2.5 billion, Mr. Gottesman said.
Ensemble on Tuesday night at the Paula Cooper Gallery on West 21st Street in Chelsea was a reminder that making assumptions is risky.
In ''The Disappearing Floor,'' the plot is resolved when Joe and Frank realize that the crazy inventor isn't a villain but rather the victim of a group of thieves.
Unless the commission finds mitigating circumstances, a carrier that fails to follow procedures for showing that it has a consumer's permission is punishable by a fine of not less than $40,000 for a first offense and not less than $15,000 for further offenses.
But David Unger, director of the program, said it was hard to place the interns ''because the business is so clubby.''
The police said Mr. Espiritu started shooting at a lifeguard after being ejected from the Highbridge Pool in the Washington Heights section of the Bronx on Aug. 5, 1989.
They have been married for almost six years.
Desserts include a classic pumpkin pie and chocolate blackout cake.
Columbia once intended to raze the building.
Most important, one should never try to play through pain.
The Tigers got a single and three walks in the first inning but failed to score.
Like ''The Blue Room,'' the Oval Office was all about sex without being sexy.
Broadcast on Channel 13 weekdays at 9 A.M. in the New York area, ''Teletubbies'' features four little creatures who could be junior E.T.
While this church awaits salvation, Target Stores recently bought a six-page insert in Time magazine, proudly hailing its role in helping restore the Washington Monument.
These sonatas were composed when Beethoven was not only struggling to find his own compositional path, but also depressed about his deafness to the point of contemplating suicide.
At one point his compulsions lead him to suspect he might have a mild case of Tourette's syndrome, something that will long since have occurred to the reader.
A senior military officer said that ''had we to do it over again,'' the plant would remain a target.
At 101, Jacob Darnov, a rabbi's son from Russia, who was a messenger in the Bolshevik army, is unwavering in his admiration for Lenin.
on the Upper East Side, children are preselecting toys and clothes, leaving nothing to chance.
To this day, nothing seems to please her as much as devising any variation on the word ''no.''
Gross profit at Donna Karan International decreased to 19.8 percent of sales last quarter, from 20.4 percent in 1997, and sales of the men's business fell 6.6 percent largely as a result of Liz Claiborne's getting the best part of that business.
When Patricia Curran was growing up near this sprawling township in southern Somerset County, she remembers buying raw milk from the dairy farmer down the road.
''But I was so impressed with how self-sufficient and professional she was that I hired her to work with our younger children.
One slight departure is Wench.
The standards give the Chancellor broad discretion to remove principals after two years of declining or poor performance in areas like city and state reading and math tests, referrals to special education, suspensions, truancy, violent incidents and dropout rates.
''The bottom line is that we need this project,'' Judge Sifton said.
Selling inflation-indexed bonds now is like ''selling ice in the winter,'' said Michael Shamosh, chief fixed-income strategist at Gabriele Hueglin & Cashman, a New York brokerage firm.
Many phone-service booths at the expo showed some of the smallest cellular phones available on the market.
Hotel, theater, museums and dinners -- a perfect weekend in Manhattan for Louise Condak Liebold and her husband, who live in Westbury, N.Y.
Copies of John Kerouac's 1950 first novel, ''The Town and the City,'' are $850 to $1,250.
Many of their male colleagues, it seemed, could barely utter the word ''woman.''
A village native, he was also sympathetic to its victims.
Owning that gateway to the Internet becomes intriguing to antitrust officials if Microsoft uses it to give an edge to its own Internet services.
Yet in Goldens Bridge, site work has begun on a 313,930- square-foot corporate office park consisting of two four-story office buildings connected by a main entrance lobby along Route 22, reported David J. Friedman, Northeast regional vice president of the Louis Dreyfus Property Group based in Stamford.
So Ms. Cabeen humorously posted circular white stickers, with words like ''rain,'' ''clouds,'' ''fog'' and ''haze'' over the summit in 70 of the 100 postcards.
Evidence of the United States military's reluctance to use its power to arrest the men is replete in public and classified records, he said.
But Hampton struck out Carlos Baerga and Tim Spehr and then induced Rey Ordonez into an inning-ending groundout in the second.
They couldn't win at four neutral Super Bowl sites in Tampa, Fla., Minneapolis, Pasadena, Calif., and Atlanta.
Immediately, rival oil companies complained about the absence of competitive bidding.
The list of other potential buyers include Richard Jacobs, the owner of the Cleveland Indians; Al Lerner, a banker and a former minority partner in the old Browns; Thomas Murdough, a toy manufacturer, and Bernie Kosar, a former Browns quarterback, and Bart Wolstein, a real estate developer.
Smith coached at Tulane, Arizona and Southern California before going to Missouri.
A1 American Confidence Still High The University of Michigan's consumer sentiment index indicated that the financial and political events of recent weeks had yet to shake Americans' basic faith in the economy or their own finances.
One of the things they hope to convey to their peers is that, contrary to popular belief, not everyone their age is having sex.
The slave trade is now characterized by some as the ''black Holocaust.''
Everything I read suggests that this is the end of the line.
Doni Setiawan leaned over the pot of boiled corn cobs that he was selling on the street and steam swirled around his flashing eyes as he argued with his buddy Sarpin.
The judges working on the expansion said they had to accept the reduced plan, even though it cut the room for future growth for both the court's caseload and its staff, one of the reasons for the expansion in the first place.
Letitia is unusual, ''a person of almost wayward generosity'' in whom trust, goodness and steely resolve ''were entangled in a nature that was disarmingly humble.
It affects us all the way down the line.''
says it is ''A story by: Mayor Rudy Giuliani'' but he is also the star, appearing in nine photographs and drawings.
In the first weeks of previews, the show that Mr. Morris staged satisfied neither Mr. Simon nor the producers.
They'll stonewall you to death.''
The pension system's excesses stem from the same underlying flaws, many retired firefighters, their lawyers and some fire union officials say.
But he added that he cannot resist a management challenge.
Mr. Clinton is to visit the Senegalese island of Goree, which was for centuries a slave deportation center.
But in recent times, there has not been a spat quite as public or vitriolic as the one now embroiling the two Democrats from New Jersey, Frank R. Lautenberg and Robert G. Torricelli.
Also yesterday, Armando Benitez apologized to his Oriole teammates and sent an apology to Yankee first baseman Tino Martinez, whom Benitez hit with a pitch that triggered a brawl between the Orioles and the Yankees last Tuesday.
Because the city contributes about $110 million a year to CUNY, Mr. Giuliani found fiscal justification to blast an educational system that he says deludes many students into thinking they are prepared for higher learning.
''The military bonds are strong, and it would be a mistake to underestimate the importance today of the ties from the Falklands war,'' said Christopher D. Scott, an expert on the Chilean economy from the London School of Economics.
In a two-hour debate tonight, party members agreed that the late-term abortion procedure was unacceptable, but they disagreed on whether the national party should punish candidates who do not oppose it.
The collapse of the banking system and fuel shortages have also delayed the sale and distribution of what food is available to regions that do not produce grain.
''It will not be the New Jersey Stock Exchange.
That information helped in passing a law allowing more tax breaks for horse farms.
And for all his talk of quitting he has been very busy this year, with roles in two new movies -- ''Hurlyburly,'' a dark drama about the male psyche, based on a play by David Rabe, and ''The Thin Red Line,'' the much-heralded return of the director Terrence Malick, whose last movie was ''Days of Heaven,'' in 1978.
A1 2 Israelis Accused of Spying Two Israelis have been arrested on suspicion of spying on a military installation in Cyprus, immediately raising questions in Israel about whether it was the latest in a series of bungles by the Israeli intelligence agency Mossad.
They have that evidence; they have the contracts from the computer makers.''
People mistakenly believe that only the last two decades of philosophy are worthy of attention, Mr. Strawson said.
His mother is a freelance interpreter.
But Ms. Murdoch suffers from Alzheimer's disease, as Mr. Bayley, himself a literary critic and novelist (''The Red Hat''), reveals in the second chapter of his touching book.
Perhaps the folkish rocker's rhythms were too reggae-influenced, or his singing too delicate, but his fine set was underappreciated.
I know -- much in the same way I know that we all must eventually die -- that the process of shrinking the hours of daylight has been going on since the summer solstice.
For the most part, discussion of these projects has focused on issues of economic development, or in the case of Penn Station, historic preservation.
''And a three-bedroom is $1,000 and above.''
You'd have to look to Tom McGuane's essays on fishing and hunting to find descriptions of the natural world as fresh as these, to Gina Berriault for characterizations as rich with presence and profundity, to Richard Ford for such an intense preoccupation with the small clues that reveal his characters' inner lives.
But Ms. Ensler says ''vagina.''
The action was intended to resolve an issue that split the Western Christian world nearly 500 years ago A1 Review of King Killing Urged Aides to Attorney General Janet Reno have advised her to go forward with a review of certain pieces of evidence in the assassination of the Rev.
High school students may well be puzzled by his claim that it has only recently become possible to model mathematically ''what might be happening when several variables alter at the same time,'' or by his assertion, three pages later, that ''today both heat and light are seen as forms of electromagnetic radiation.''
For Mr. Jennings, the canoe and the pioneering voyageurs who traveled in them across the North American wilds are to Canada what the dark stallion and the solitary cowboy are to the United States.
''Drugs were my priority,'' he said.
Mr. Wasser and Detective Rice both said they planned to appeal to the New Jersey Legislature to criminalize sale and possession of the weed's seeds.
So he decided to circumvent the operatic mainstream.
The book lacks the literary weight and ambition of books like ''The Information'' and ''London Fields,'' but it's a deliciously readable, highly polished diversion, a testament to its author's Nabokovian love of language and games, and his utter ease in delineating the seamy underside of modern life.
Hoover [Harding's Commerce Secretary and later President], who always thought he would have made a better President than Harding.
As we consider that goal, I question what purpose is served by additional exposure to the salacious details contained in the Starr report.
Vincent J. Trantolo, a lawyer for Andrew's mother, Lucinda McClain, said she was likely to sue the hospital and the state over his death.
Her telephone service apparently was shut off.
''It's trying to do what the shoe factory did, too, which is to make money for its owners and shareholders,'' Mr. Davis said.
He is spectacular but erratic.
Neither Mr. Brossman nor the Food Allergy Network knew of any litigation on peanut allergy that has resulted in a court decision.
After two appearances as a substitute, this was his first start.
The talks got off on the wrong foot on Friday morning.
As to adding liquid fertilizer: wait.
And just as there are forces of inflation and devaluation affecting currencies, so there are semantic shifts in the numbers that come to be associated with money.
I also discovered what a ''breakline'' is, why a set of keys is useful for ice-fishing and how to deal with the headache of ''huggybaits,'' those tangled lures in a tackle box.
So he has designed and patented a radically new transportation system for commuting by car.
When Georgia declared Indian laws on designated Indian land within the state to be null and void, the Cherokees sued -- and won.
Friday and Saturday at 8 P.M. Tickets: $18.
We knew we'd have a 170-mile drive down the Garden State Parkway to Cape May, but we were looking forward to a leisurely ferry ride at the end of it.
But because backing even for the current measures is clearly withering not only in Africa but in other countries around the world, it is far from clear that the Security Council could make good on that threat.
One star guard and one unpredictable former minor leaguer a side, and the tandem which outperforms the other will win.
The paper should be championing the city, yet it's not.''
Nobel does not publish its pass-along rate, but Mr. Nelkin thinks that between one-quarter and one-third of Nobel's preschoolers stay in its 129-school system.
In lieu of flowers, donations may be made to: Trinity College, Class of 1941, 125 Michigan Avenue, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20017.
Michael Schumacher overcame a penalty for veering wildly out of the pit lane, then zoomed away from his final pit stop to win a chaotic Canadian Grand Prix in Montreal yesterday.
All over Bryant Park, people on lunch breaks were lounging outside, chewing and sipping and reading and talking.
The Olympic figure skating trials begin here Tuesday on the fourth anniversary of the attack on Kerrigan by associates of Tonya Harding.
To try to undercut the widespread perception that anti-abortion groups do not care about the life of the mother, students on many campuses have formed groups promoting the view that abortion is unhealthy and unsafe for women.
Six months ago, Salvadoran lawmakers unanimously approved a resolution declaring Dalton the country's only ''poet of great merit'' of the modern era, adding him to the pantheon of national heroes.
Part of the house where a two-story section was added is a few feet from a neighbor's wall.
Roast Chicken With Seasoned Paste 3 3-pound chickens 1 recipe lime-leaf seasoning paste or bay blend (see above) 2 1/4 teaspoons kosher salt Freshly ground black pepper to taste.
How to enjoy life more and contribute to the world we live in.
''I love to write,'' she acknowledged, even putting a writer's perspective on her choice not to have children.
But that is still a formidable obstacle course when many of the amendments are designed to water down the bill or push away supporters.
The Investment Company Institute, a trade group, said that investors withdrew $11.2 billion from stock funds in August, the biggest outflow on record.
In 1947, when Walker made both conversion kicks, Southern Methodist defeated Texas and Layne there, 14-13.
''Historically, Livent has put on far more restorations of previously mounted shows than newly originated ones, and new productions entail far higher financial risk,'' said Edward Lawrence, an entertainment industry analyst with Standard & Poor's, the bond rating agency that last fall gave Livent a double B-minus rating, warning investors that as a bond issuer, the company is a risk.
Excluding automobiles, retail sales rose half a percent in July after having fallen one-tenth of 1 percent in June.
someone in the crowd shouted.
''I really enjoyed the baked catfish,'' Ira Dozier, a teacher and a project manager for a middle-school enrichment program, told a visitor after a brief deliberation.
DiMaggio, who has pneumonia and a lung infection, will be sedated for the next four to six days so he can breathe easier, Engelberg said.
Nikki Rocco, president of distribution at Universal Pictures, estimated this morning that ''Primary Colors'' would probably take in about $12.4 million at the box office this weekend, a runner-up to ''Titanic,'' which will probably gross about $17.7 million.
Then she goes home to her son and husband and a birthday celebration and sex.
NEW YORK RANGERS--Recalled RW Peter Ferraro from Hartford of the AHL.
And several equity traders are expected to join Lazard Freres & Company this month.
They sustain a tender gaze until the baby micturates on her bearer.
By the time the workshop folded, some important companies had taken up the slack, the New York City Opera, for example.''
Don't you talk to me that way!''
Though many cable networks offer video clips on their Web sites, including NBC's MSNBC cable channel, most of it has been news-oriented.
Hours: Tuesdays through Sundays, 11:30 A.M. to 7:30 P.M. Free admission (Johnson).
market has already attracted the attention of big makers of communications gear.
The idea is to sit in a cafe and greet passers-by, collecting points if they answer.
''When our friends leave, we walk them downstairs.
Although Mr. Dornemann said that Bertelsmann was still open to discussions about other kinds of relationships with the Kirch Group, he added the current plans to merge their pay-TV ventures ''are over.''
For investors the loss amounted to about $11.88 for every $1,000 of bonds held.
Admission to the event and the show: $7.
He got Spencer, who wound up being recalled and sent down three times.
The most important loophole in its salary cap lets a team sign its own free agent for whatever it is willing to pay.
Today he still showed a youthful exuberance as he won the Cadillac N.F.L.
He's not going to run on that issue.
With tensions high, the deaths of a score more ethnic Albanians were bound to further poison relations between Serbia's government and the province.
Fifteen of the injured were in critical condition tonight and 10 were listed in serious condition, said a Fire Department spokeswoman, Sheila Strehle.
Iteq, of Houston, provides equipment, systems and services to process, treat, store and move gases and liquids.
''So now,'' Dr. Franco continued, ''once we had that drug, then people began to look at transplanting the heart and the lungs in humans, and Dr. Bruce Reitz and Dr. Shumway performed the first human heart-lung transplant, at Stanford'' in the early 80's.
''I love this state,'' he said.
Dust a work surface with flour.
Corporate satire, political satire, big production numbers, celebrity guest stars.
THE night of Dec. 31, 1999, is still over a year away, but movers and shakers in the travel industry have been hard at work preparing for what many of them insist will be the biggest party the world has ever seen.
The boy put plastic bags over his head; the girl gave herself bloody noses.
Here the brain takes the sounds of language and converts them into words.
The deaths in the department stores were the most horrific casualties in three days of rioting, rock-throwing, arson and looting that saw much of the city turned into a battle zone.
Besides deep pockets, Microsoft has the built-in advantage in any computer-based medium because its Windows operating system runs more than 90 percent of personal computers sold today.
Schwarz would make such politically charged allegations,'' the official said, ''when it's common knowledge that his handling of charter revision was fraught with political rollovers.''
This is the place to order a platter of Northwestern oysters, cold and properly briny, or a Mexican-style seafood cocktail, served with a red sauce in a sundae dish.
''He possessed an ability to bring in good people, and to go very aggressively into new businesses,'' he said.
''In that sense, he was typical of his age,'' said Barry Harwood, a decorative arts curator at the Brooklyn Museum of Art.
So he agreed to set aside a choice section of his plot for the partnership, and he, Mr. Ntshangase, Mr. Platter and Gyles Webb, 50, each borrowed $250,000 to get it started.
''I know the rules of this business,'' he said.
The napoleon of smoked chicken and portobello mushrooms, for example, is a mushroom-lover's dream, layers of glossy spinach, smoked chicken, and portobello and morels (or whatever mushrooms are in season), misted with a balsamic vinegar reduction harboring bits of creamy foie gras.
''His physical therapist advised him that with the U.S. Open coming up, he could aggravate the condition by playing this week and suggested he come to Las Vegas for treatment,'' said Bev Norwood, a spokesman for Woods.
Among the 76 members of the State Legislature, only 14 are Republicans, and across Hawaii, Republicans are outnumbered by such a wide margin that some say they are embarrassed or reluctant to admit their affiliation.
Alaris Medical, based in San Diego, sells intravenous drug pumps and other products.
Shares of Sports Authority fell $1.0625, to $5.6875.
What we know so far is that CBS Sports' production of these Nagano Winter Games is not excellent -- yet -- although the weekend's taped broadcasts greatly surpassed the passionless, boring, live opening-ceremony presentation.
That breakdown held up several New Jersey Transit trains.
She was asked by a reporter to justify her switch to progressive Democrat from conservative Republican and supporter of Newt Gingrich.
Levi Strauss & Company is closing two finishing centers in West Texas as part of the jeans maker's attempts to cut costs.
''He was intent on something else,'' looking in one direction and pointing in another.
His attention is beginning to wander.
''This is a new start; we don't talk about the past,'' deBoer said.
However, he can recommend a fabulous plastic surgeon in Rio.
Larry King Signs New Contract The talk show host Larry King has signed a five-year contract with CNN giving him compensation totaling nearly $7 million a year, including salary, stock options in CNN's parent, Time Warner, and a signing bonus.
20, and now I'm 3, and that gives you more energy, more confidence to keep on going.''
But they exchanged notes, the way they sometimes do, about some guy who tried something funny, who pulled a knife or a gun or put his bare hands around a woman's throat.
I.N.A., for its part, saw its return on equity soar to 7.9 percent from 4.6 percent, and demand for its shares surged.
As the BID idea has grown, he explained, supporters have been able to showcase the fruits of cooperation.
The town is now ready for a Nineties sitcom to move in.
ELEVEN years ago, Elizabeth Standish Darst was working in New York as an editorial assistant at Snoopy, a children's magazine.
Saturday at 11 A.M. Free.
The police did not arrest Dr. Sheppard immediately, so The Press's editor, Louis Seltzer, wrote an editorial that was published across the top of page one, under the headline, ''Quit Stalling -- Bring Him In.''
When the South's livestock had finally been starved, eaten or slaughtered by the Yankees, leather became scarce.
Asked why, he said, ''Because for a time I thought that those I trusted most were trying to push things under the carpet and that might put all the blame on Salt Lake City.''
4 6 6 HIS BRIGHT LIGHT, by Danielle Steel.
White gazpacho, on the other hand, turns out to be so salty and dull that it is almost inedible.
''A lot of things that came out in the papers were based on reporters' assumptions.''
A memorial will be erected there someday, if the Metis agree.
Mr. Letang also said one trial with two juries would spare the state the cost and difficulty of conducting two trials and would eliminate the need to have 12 medical experts and several other witnesses testify at different times to each jury.
So far, only the courtyard wall facing North Ocean Boulevard is formally designated as a landmark.
Calenergy's shares rose $1.5625, to $28.
He presented himself as the man capable of holding together a country whose regional, ethnic and religious fissures have widened in recent months with the death of General Abacha, the death of Moshood K. O. Abiola, Nigeria's best known opposition figure, and unrest in the oil-producing Niger Delta.
N. C. WYETH, by David Michaelis.
The best way to deal with it is to sweep these guys, win this thing and get to the World Series.''
''But I couldn't stop thinking about the people I'd read about, so I gave just enough so that I'd feel it and they'd feel it.''
After another 20 minutes of sluggish basketball, the Huskies finally performed a little more like the best team in the Big East and punched a tired and disoriented Rutgers team around during the second half.
And few would rule out the possibility that some element of the military has commercial ambitions that ties to President Clinton might help advance.
The City Council has the power to restore the money without the Mayor's approval, and Mr. Gecan said that tomorrow, he and East Brooklyn Congregations officials will formally request that it do so.
Here are some examples: * He has subpoenaed his target, Mr. Clinton, to testify before his grand jury, and has reserved the right to do so again, even though he appears to accept that a President cannot be indicted while in office.
Seasoned campers bring their own entertainments, and indeed their whole lives with them.
Perhaps because so many of them were reared by television and think screenplay when writing, the current generation of reporters prefers to tease the reader with throat-clearing trivia.
At Benjamin Franklin Middle School in Ridgewood, the principal, Dr. Paul Folkemer, uses the game to lure students into building a bigger and better vocabulary.
Rest in peace our dearest treasure.
The work comes from heirs of the Parisian dealer Paul Durand-Ruel and is estimated to sell for $6 million to $8 million.
''Certainly New Yorkers are not prepared to tolerate their government putting innocent children and their families into the streets when they have no place else to live,'' Mr. Banks said.
''How can you tell them, here it is, it's exciting, but you can't do it?
To Behold The focus will be on the eye when Monday arrives at the World Financial Center Winter Garden, at West Street on the Hudson River.
''He said, 'We got a report of a black guy hanging around this office complex.'
And never was a glass of bubbly so well earned.
But many are substituting facilitator for that positive sense of ''helper'' and are using enabler to mean ''one who by ignoring, appeasing or condoning makes possible the continuance of wrongdoing.''
''We were in New York, then we went home and we made the trade and he had to go back to Philadelphia,'' a member of the Oakland organization said.
Tonight and tomorrow at 9 and 11 P.M.
Given the threat of dissolution, the possibility of future compromise -- particularly behind the cover of a secret ballot -- is still very real.
Today we stand stronger and taller than ever before.
Ellenor is a singular creation, unlike virtually any other large woman ever seen in prime-time drama.
And as Mr. Malone's financial plan unfolds piece by piece, it is worth remembering that his deals are rarely transparent.
''If there is any justification for being a lawyer, this is it,'' Mr. Scheck said.
To judge from the performances they gave three years ago, this series alone should be worth the trip.
But it allows suspicions and doubts to prevail.''
Because of his elegant and often acerbic manner on and off screen, it was sometimes assumed that he was British.
''Thirteen of the conditions are acceptable to us,'' Provost Joseph Shanker said.
Other White House staff members suspected that a sexual relationship was taking place, and some, including Evelyn Lieberman, the deputy chief of staff, took steps to prevent the President and Ms. Lewinsky from being alone together.
Ms. Moreland said employees would be put on a 40-hour-per-week schedule to make parts that will be stockpiled for the busy fall and winter seasons.
Bishop Symons, a Michigan native who served in Florida since his ordainment in 1958 and had led the Diocese of Palm Beach since 1990, left on Monday for an undisclosed location for what diocese officials described as spiritual and possibly medical treatment.
Lava Mind is best known for a series of zany CD-ROM business simulation games for personal computers, including Gazillionaire and Zapitalism, which generally receive high marks from game reviewers for sheer fun and pliability, and from educators for instructional value.
In the midst of the investigation of the President, he enjoyed traveling the country delivering speeches to legal and academic groups on subjects like ''accountability'' and ''civic virtue.''
Yet the actions, his municipal reforms, seem lost in inertia.
Mr. Giuliani said the police had acted commendably at what ''promised to be a much worse event, a really violent event.''
THEY are waiting, still waiting, for the wonder horse who will rescue racing from the casinos and the lotteries and all the other sources of easy action.
''It is a gift of manhood,'' she said, citing an ''implied intimacy'' that prevents women from giving ties to just any casual acquaintance or co-worker.
And in preparation for the return to normality, Bertrand de Billy, a 33-year-old French conductor who has made his career in Germany and Austria, was named the Liceu's new music director last month.
When we first started dating and we were apart, I'd lie in the bathtub in L.A. and he'd sit at the piano in New York and play me corny love songs.''
I had to pay heavily for this bit of good luck.
Pittsburgh has endured a deflating Jekyll-Hyde year.
The name comes from Renaissance French tapestries with animals in forest settings (hence the name, which means 1,000 flowers).
Excluding the revenue gains this year largely from the three companies Sunbeam acquired in the spring, revenue declined 24 percent, to $594 million.
Officials are concerned that another dry winter like the last one could make the situation even more dangerous.
It said the ''basic conditions'' for the financing had not yet been met.
Privatizations and other revenue-producing measures have taken off, while more difficult efforts to reduce Social Security benefits or Civil Service rolls have either stalled or been approved but not yet enacted.
The guests were a Who's Who of artists and writers, among them Claes Oldenburg, Robert Dash, Shana Alexander and Jerry Della Femina.
Most, if not all of it, came from low-caliber weapons that had no more chance of shooting down a jet fighter than a popgun would have.
It was the fourth consecutive time that Hasek has shut out the Rangers, who have tied their last two games and are undefeated in five at 2-0-3.
''We believe that the resolution gives us the authority to take whatever actions are necessary, but of course we would consult,'' Mr. Clinton told reporters before meeting with Mr. Annan.
Taylor-Smith, who began her swim-marathoning career here in 1984, said she was serious about having fun on her goodbye lap around the island.
Between times, it was the simple farmhouse of one of the pioneering families.
At the festival's symposium, which included Swedish, American, Danish and British speakers, I asked Anna Greta Stahle, the doyenne of Stockholm's dance critics, if this emphasis on emotional expressiveness came primarily from the dancers' schooling or their repertory, which has featured many modern-dance pieces and dance-dramas.
It has a small circulation -- 85,000, including 30,000 in the United States -- but its influence far outweighs the numbers.
In particular, the Administration has come under great pressure from the American steel industry and steel workers to address a surge in steel imports from Japan.
''They say, 'Will people stay away forever?'
Here's a look: A STYLE OF HIS OWN -- ''Statesmen are known to resort to the services of ghostwriters,'' Stanke says in a press release, but not the leader known to his people as ''The Guide,'' who insists onholding the quill personally.
Friends talk about the weather, too.
Pointing at Sybil and Hannah, they added: ''These your babies?
The Harlem River Center would cost more, $4 million, and employ about 70 people.
CAMPAIGN finance reform may be dead on the Federal level, but the League of Women Voters of Westchester County is determined to resurrect it at the county level.
I was just up there hacking.
and City College, both of NY.
They asked if I had been drinking and I told them we just had dinner and, yes, I did have wine.
The cause was a heart attack, his family said.
That is definitely not the case anymore.
William Catacosinos, the Lilco chairman, had been expected but was represented instead by his lawyer, John Reilly.
''SIX DAYS, SEVEN NIGHTS,'' starring Anne Heche and Harrison Ford.
Discovering her husband's infidelity, she returned to France, where she was imprisoned and her father guillotined.
(Library of Contemporary Thought/Ballantine, $9.95.)
A vast, plodding Hurricane Bonnie rumbled ashore near the mouth of the Cape Fear River this afternoon, bringing whipping winds and horizontal squalls through a region that was still recovering, both physically and emotionally, from back-to-back hurricanes in the summer of 1996.
He says he reached Hamburg.
Mr. Ritter points out that the U.N. already grants Iraq more oil to sell than Iraq can pump.
Her first book, a near-death account titled ''Embraced by the Light,'' was published by Gold Leaf Press, while the second book, ''The Awakening Heart: My Continuing Journey to Love,'' was published by Pocket Books; it reprises the near-death theme that she also sustains through her third book.
That blow came after Hill, Holliday had become famous -- or notorious -- for the campaign that introduced Infiniti in 1989, which eschewed conventional imagery in favor of a Zen-like pitch displaying images of rocks, trees and pussy willows.
The first time I just thought it was one of those things.
It was Daryl Gates's style to listen carefully to the needs expressed by City Council members and respond accordingly.
He made about 100 documentaries and produced nearly 600 weekly news programs broadcast by the Cuban Institute of Art and Cinema Industry.
''Irma Vep'' was the third in a string of much later hits, following, in sequence, ''Le Bourgeois Avant-Garde,'' Ludlam's homage to Moliere and scathing look at the fraudulent art scene in 1983 New York, and then ''Galas,'' his tragicomic riff on the life and divaesque personality of Maria Callas.
So far, Pakistan's protests about the American attack have been delicately measured, attempting to mollify its angry citizens while at the same time not distancing itself unnecessarily from the United States, whose influence might be needed to help Pakistan out of its economic crisis.
Mayor Eileen Pilla of Tarrytown, N.Y., officiated at Tappan Hill there.
Concerts and master classes with Joseph Silverstein, James Buswell, Ronald Leonard and Carol Wincenc.
I tell you what, if we would have lost to Arizona, then I would not have been nice.''
''The big publishing companies couldn't get it out in time,'' he said, explaining how the 144-page volume came to be issued by Wordwise Books, a small publishing house on the Lower East Side.
''My role has accelerated,'' Mr. Guarascio said in a recent interview in New York during a business trip from Detroit.
''My brother Irving was in his car one day and heard a concert from Tanglewood on the radio,'' Mrs. Barbash recalled.
The papal tribunals took different forms in different countries over the centuries, investigating and stamping out various forms of heresy, from witchcraft to Judaism.
But after trying some throws before the next half-inning, Jeter walked off, replaced by Luis Sojo, the veteran utilityman.
But he referred to the Sinn Fein leader as ''Mr.
''We just had antelope and deer out there until 1975.''
A10 Sub Sinks Off Korea South Korea protested the incursion of a North Korean submarine into its waters, but South Korean sailors lost control of the vessel when a towing cable broke and the boat sank to the bottom.
He said he had no knowledge that the Wells balls came from Clark but believed Clark's signature looked the same as the signature he had on letters on A.L.
''Any press crime should be tried in a public and open court and with the presence of a jury,'' the Ministry of Culture and Islamic Guidance said in a statement today.
In addition to his wife, Mr. Scharaga is survived by a daughter, Arlene Eisenberg of Manhattan; a son, Victor Schargai of Washington; three grandchildren and six great-grandchildren.
As for the players, the union's executive director, Gene Upshaw, according to people close to him, has heard nothing but complaints from many of the rank and file about the current deal and he wants to make significant changes.
Close your eyes, snap your fingers and you can fly.
Her characters were good at what they did, they played fair and they defended their sense of what was decent, even honorable, in a middle-class, middle-of-the-road life.
In the vast 2,000-seat Rossiya Concert Hall, the story of Mikhoels's life, presented in sketches by two well-known actors, was punctuated by variety show dance numbers and songs, garish purple lighting, dry ice and strobe lights.
All educational programs require advance registration.
A mob attacked a hostel in Castlereagh Street with stones, breaking up to 14 windows.
''This is clearly not a lessening of emphasis.''
MRS. TRIPP You know what I mean.
George Miller, a local lawyer representing Mr. Zoll, estimated that the case would not be resolved for at least another year.
Since its inception in July 1992, Calvert World has returned 10.8 percent, annualized, compared with 11.5 percent for the average foreign stock fund, according to Morningstar Inc., the financial publisher in Chicago.
Bob Knight, the men's basketball coach at Indiana, hired his son, Pat, as an assistant coach yesterday.
This body of posthumously released work is an object lesson in the building, polishing and maintenance of the myth that envelopes a cultural icon.
Not the Bronx I know.''
''If that's true, then Michael tomahawked the next one to the floor.
Eventually, in 1983, he took an ad in Southern Living, an eighth of a page, for $2,700.
Mr. Zelnick, 41, the president and chief executive of BMG North America in New York, will report directly to Michael Dornemann, a Bertelsmann board member, who is also chairman and chief executive of Bertelsmann Entertainment, which includes BMG.
It is the Miller Brewing Company's response to a flatness in sales, said Gina Shaffer, marketing communications manager for Miller Lite in Milwaukee.
''He'll help our coaching staff play different styles,'' Lamoriello said.
At a news conference at City Hall, Mr. Meeks is to appear with two of his longtime supporters: the Rev.
As the Delaware zigzags through 400 million years of geology to form New Jersey's western border, it slices through a cross section of the state, past steep forested hills, cornfields, small towns and struggling cities, busy interstates and deserted back roads, oil refineries and pristine marshes.
In litigation, parties often lose the right to raise an issue on appeal if they failed to make the argument in a lower court.
He has acted so immaturely off the field -- he threw beer on students at a bar during a recent return to the Washington State campus and cursed out a reporter last summer -- that Chargers Coach June Jones said he has to constantly work with Leaf on his professionalism.
Philadelphia Hospital Jefferson Health, $150 million of debt securities.
A Bernstein listing appears on page 6.
''I think there's a major idea there,'' Mr. Levy said.
Mr. Giuliani deems it much more imperative to close budget gaps in the next two years.
The various players in this drama knew the potential consequences of their actions, historians explain, but given the passions and the political struggle, no one could stop the process.
Ms. Frisch added that the company is not abandoning the commitment to art made by the Wallaces.
It will be on exhibit in the building throughout the Pope's stay in Cuba.
When new shoots push up through the soil, move pots to a cool, light place where night temperatures will stay under 50 degrees.
''But what is most remarkable is that there was no one even close to being in demand like Hillary Rodham Clinton as a campaigner.
In short, Iraq accepted its obligation to permit all activities of the weapons inspectors -- Unscom and the I.A.E.A.
''If someone looked in the study window, it's not me,'' she said.
He volunteered for the job in 1992, just to show his devotion to old rolling stock.
Referring to Rivera, Stanton said: ''We have enough experience to cover for him until he gets back.
Joel told the comedian that his routines and laughter were what got him through the pain of his disease and that he and his mother would be in certain seats.
The London-based company, which is controlled by the News Corporation, said its net income fell to $:64.2 million ($105 million) in the three months ended June 30, from $:84.5 million a year earlier.
Consider, for example, the people in Columbus, Ohio, who confronted Administration officials on our Iraq policy.
''This wasn't a monetary thing.
And so they just thought they would take a wrecking ball to me and see if they could do some damage.
''See the Sea,'' which is brief and expertly chilling, watches an uneasy rapport develop between these two.
Robert Marx, the executive director of the New York Public Library of the Performing Arts, was quick to point out that of the classical music recordings that were discarded, 98 percent of the works and 60 percent of the performances had been replaced on CD, and that there was nothing in the circulating collection that could not be found in the permanent research collection, the Rodgers and Hammerstein Archives of Recorded Sound, which holds more than 500,000 recordings of all kinds.
During his own rise to power at the head of a guerrilla insurgency, Uganda's President, Yoweri K. Museveni, recruited as many as a quarter of his fighters from his country's large Tutsi immigrant population, many of whom were fixated on revenge for Hutu attacks that had driven them into exile.
(It's a mini-''Angels in America'' reunion.)
But owing less to theology than to cultural discomfort, he said, the Mass has rarely been offered to families for comfort after a pregnancy loss.
But the fund does not give money on humanitarian grounds.
Still, some Government officials, including those who favor an independent prosecutor, said that it could be difficult to define a specific prosecutable offense in this area.
The 1,675- to 2,540-square-foot attached units, none on the golf course, start at $161,950 and have a $1,000 to $12,000 lot premium, depending on the setting.
They will leave me alone.
We mourn the passing of our devoted friend and colleague.
A $15,000 minimum applies to investors who work through investment advisers; the minimum is $25,000 for investors who buy directly from the company.
''Iranian words and deeds are not matching,'' said Sam Brownback, a Kansas Republican who heads the Senate Foreign Relations subcommittee on Near East and South Asian affairs.
Lo's prosperity as evidence that Myanmar's economy is awash in laundered drug money and that its military rulers have encouraged those who trade in drugs to invest in its development projects.
In the early 1990's, four hundred skeletons were found in a burial ground for early American blacks in lower Manhattan by workers building a 34-story, $276 million Federal office tower.
The song is a pure Bristol product: an enigma with a beat.
The nature hikes and walks were well planned and executed: we were given several choices of difficulty and types of viewing (i.e., birds vs. rain forest flora).
Many of the airline's flights were disrupted in April and May when machinists staged slowdowns and wildcat strikes to protest the slow pace of the contract negotiations.
In nuclear safety terms, an ''alert'' is one step more serious than an ''unusual event.''
American said its first lie-down seats will be available early next year, when it receives new 777's for trans-Pacific flights.
As long ago as 1861, the Court said, ''we held that the duty imposed by the extradition clause on the asylum state was mandatory.''
Younger artists have been moving away from the kind of object-making for which he is known.
Salmon, 29, has been suffering from a painful inflammation in the arch of his foot since early in the season.
Read the book to young children and you will see wide-eyed looks of delight on their faces.
A big buildup in business inventories helped drive first-quarter gross domestic product.
The clan has not been shy about promoting its clothing, even releasing a single called ''Wu-Wear: The Garment Renaissance.''
Any shortfall in foreign demand for American products can be offset by additional American purchases.
Sightseeing A very pleasant seven-mile ferry ride from Cancun lies Isla Mujeres.
In private, Marshall also disparaged King and opposed most demonstrations -- even the Montgomery bus boycott and the lunch counter sit-ins -- as senseless invitations to violence.
For the truly fanatical, the Houston Audubon Society offers a subscription reporting service on rare birds in the United States and Canada.
His maple sugar business had been put on ice by a stunning winter storm.
And what's going on with that barely literate woman whose diary of a strange ocean voyage keeps interrupting the text with a lament for a mysterious lost lover?
Almost every ESPN sportscaster has a signature call: ''He busts out the whuppin' stick!''
Dr. Mockapetris asked the offender what his excuse for such a breach of etiquette might be.
Despite being required to deliver stagey monologues in conversational tones, Mr. Caine and Ms. Blethyn add humor and spice.
Any sign that Russia is serious about collecting revenue would likely calm the stock and bond markets and, most important, impress the International Monetary Fund, which is negotiating with Russia on the terms of a new multi-billion dollar loan.
In the play, Wilde progresses from epigrammatic assurance to a public role for which, tragically, he is no longer writing the script (2:30).
The idea of taking a skeptical look at the forecasting profession is a good one.
Only the United States Federal Reserve, he said, had a higher proportion of its assets in Government bonds.
But when it shows up on a stage, there's no way you're not going to pay attention.
Two, shelter costs are growing faster than inflation as a whole.
In interviews with 200 middle-class citizens, many of them solidly conservative, Wolfe finds that revulsion at politicized religion extends well beyond graying hippies and the American Civil Liberties Union -- right into the Bible Belt itself.
It is also an adult, thought-provoking musical about the quest to forge an identity that works for both the head and heart.
And we just have to keep pushing forward in trying to work through it.
Dr. Satcher has not commented on the dispute; his bosses at the Department of Health and Human Services have refused requests to interview him since even before his nomination.
He's quite happy to let other people contribute and let your ideas be part of the film.''
Bring your own shovel and containers.
But, he added, ''He doesn't sit around and wring his hands.
L'Ardoise + (212) 744-4752 1207 First Avenue, near 65th Street Manhattan $$ All major cards This small, casual 30-seat cafe would be perfectly at home in any unfashionable French neighborhood.
The Administration claims full credit for good budget numbers.
''This legislation would govern an enormous amount of commerce, and a set of difficult-to-understand rules of uncertain scope wouldn't be helpful.
Still, some of the things he said were later acknowledged to be true.
Wealthy nations are gradually replacing the original whooping cough vaccine after decades of controversy over its safety, but developing nations should not be afraid to use the old vaccine, a study says.
''Why replicate a suicidal primary?
About 12 percent of the people in Montenegro are refugees from the wars that accompanied Yugoslavia's breakup, most recently from the conflict in Kosovo.
His wife, Melody, doesn't get it.
Also advancing into the quarterfinals were the United States Open finalists, Patrick Rafter and Greg Rusedski.
The details, the prosecutors believed, were necessary to show conclusively that the President had lied.
He had just published ''Confessions of a Window Dresser.''
I do not think he will resign.''
How does she do it?
An exuberant, fiercely driven woman, Ms. Miller is the breadwinner for a household that includes her husband, Kevin, and her two children and Brandy's newborn son, Jarelle.
MR. HYDE Well, I disagree.
In a non-Presidential election year like this, with the economy humming and no national issues stirring passions, only committed voters -- less than 4 in 10 of those eligible -- are expected to vote.
He was the first juvenile champion to win both honors since Secretariat in 1972.
It paid $211.5 million in interest last year, one of the biggest reasons why it reported a loss for the year of $42.1 million.
''There are some Democrats who are against impeachment who'd like to go on the record as disapproving the President's conduct,'' said Representative Martin Frost of Texas, the newly chosen third-ranking House Democrat.
''Nothing lasts forever, but our job is to do the best we can,'' said Father Soleiman.
He missed it, giving him bogeys on today's final two holes.
ISLIP, Mile 24.6 -- Rest stop No.
''Being able to wear my flip-flops to the bathroom.''
''We're going to take the building back to 1932, but bring its infrastructure forward past the year 2000.''
TROUBADOUR BOOKS, Route 5 at Depot Road, North Hatfield, (413) 247-3028.
In La Colonia Soto, residents climbed in disbelief over the wreckage of their former neighborhood, which was nestled between two hills alongside the river.
That made him 2 for 36 when he stepped to the plate with two out and two Mets on in the seventh inning tonight against the Baltimore Orioles.
It's a lot of stress, although he's a great weight carrier.''
Presented by Moonwork Inc., Mason Pettit, Gregory Sherman and Mr. Wolfe.
Moments after the restart, Eliseo Salazar spun and ignited an accident that saw Marco Greco veer toward the outside wall, slamming into the leader Roberto Guerrero, who was passing a group of slower cars.
While thousands of people need heart transplants every year, new medicines and surgeries have drastically reduced the number of transplants performed on children, said Dr. Michael Artman, director of pediatric cardiology at the medical center.
Many of the oldest research universities, like Harvard and Yale, started life as small undergraduate colleges, centered on nurturing and educating their young students.
Then she added: ''Five parties?
Mr. Colmes, 47, is looking for a mate.
The proposed legislation was prompted by incidents like the shooting in August of Michael Jones, 16, in Brooklyn by police officers responding to a call about an armed bicyclist.
But I am not that sort of person.
''Consumers are going to face higher prices for specific vegetables this spring because of interruptions in planting and the possibility of harvesting problems,'' said Keith Collins, chief economist for the United States Department of Agriculture.
THEATER AMERICAN STAGE COMPANY World premiere of ''Lizzie Borden,'' by Christopher McGovern and Amy Powers.
''The potential threat is just too great.''
''There is no future for my children in Russia,'' Mrs. Mouzykine said.
Several of the ministers at the news conference said yesterday they hoped that Mr. Jackson's intervention would also prod the company into reopening the settlement of the 1994 lawsuit.
Carter McKay (George Kennedy), formerly a Weststar ally, is back, but he's now on Sue Ellen and Bobby's side.
The channel tied for 27th place among all cable channels for the month of July, according to Nielsen Media Research, with a rating of 0.1 -- about the same level as the Country Music Channel.
And there were the members of the Ross Sea party who hiked more than 1,500 miles across a portion of the continent -- many of them without washing or changing their clothes for two years -- to lay in supplies for team members who never arrived.
The Jets were given Saturday, Sunday and Monday off, but Foley stayed at camp for treatment on his ribs.
Illinois taxes families of four starting at $4,000, while the thresholds are $4,600 in Alabama, $5,000 in Kentucky, $6,100 in Hawaii and $8,200 in Virginia.
SHERRY BRITTON, the onetime striptease star who at age 80 has taken to calling herself Stripteasaurus Sex, has not been following Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani's attempts to clean up the city's sex clubs.
Yet, what may help inspire Ms. Versace to lift her spirits is just that: Versace has always been the house where such a request is met with complicit laughter, not snooty derision.
American postwar policy in Asia reinforced this trend, historians say.
asked Patrick Leach, his day apparently ruined.
His present reinvention lacks the sophistication of the original jet-set life of the 1960's and 70's if only because now, unlike then, it is not an organic creation of the designer and the wearer but a costume for a poser dressed as a poseur.
American submarine espionage from the early cold war years to the present.
The recurring theme, said Denise Voigt Crawford, the Texas Securities Commissioner and president of the North American Securities Administrators Association, is that investors were told that the people covered by the policies they bought would die in a year or two.
LOVERS of Indian food often rant against New York's generic Indian restaurants, where the menus endlessly repeat the same dozen dishes and the food has been denatured for the home delivery market.
''I tell my colleagues that I've lasted so long because I commute.
The Setton plan to reintroduce Halston was hatched at a time when the success of another investment house, Investcorp, at revitalizing Gucci had set off a frenzy of interest in dusting off old names.
''Many times what I do shows up two or three months later in mainstream media,'' said Mr. Bell, who felt vindicated by having a hand in bringing the faked Hale Bopp photo to light, but he also had to deflect criticism over giving a modern-day soapbox to snake oil peddlers.
There's no reason other than that.
If Mr. Kabila's forces are unable to hold the capital, they may simply decide to retreat to Lubumbashi, the President's ethnic fief in southern Congo.
''I think everybody knew that this year, except the truly great teams that have dominated at home, and even Chicago struggled against New Jersey.
He nearly failed, and the scenes of these debates are some of the most gripping in the book.
The grandmother was sipping a cup of tea when she heard Ms. Cheeks scream, ''Grandma, my baby is dead!''
This 16-artist show, intended to mimic a real-life, at-home art collection, is appropriately unfocused and uneven.
Veeco, which makes equipment used to manufacture data-storage devices, computer chips and flat-panel displays, said the deal would give the company entry to such fields as atomic force microscopy, optical profilers and laser scatterometers.
The boundaries of the reservation were set in a handwritten document in 1859, when the State Legislature reduced the tribe's holdings on Long Island to 300 acres from 3,000.
There is no avoiding the conclusion that ''Corpus Christi'' is a minor work from a major playwright that probably would have come and gone quietly had it not been for its early and vociferous opponents.
The information to come promises more charges.
Relatives and neighbors said Mr.
The hotel is oriented to families and conventions, and had seemed more our kind of place than the hilltop Hotel Hershey across town.
Fridays and Saturdays at 7:30 P.M. Tickets, including four-course dinner: $42 on Fridays; $45 on Saturdays.
In 1979, the Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company and Jack Kent Cooke, who then owned the building, registered the Chrysler spire as a trademark.
While the men's game has recently fallen off fans' radar screens, women's pool has taken off like a cue ball on the break.
He spins cheerful yarns about life in Atlanta, where he once lived.
Some of the Swissair postings show people grappling both with grief and a new technology.
If San Diego was bland, La Jolla, the gilded enclave north of downtown, was blander still.
Greg Paul, the lawyer for the Stewart estate, said, ''I think it's fair to say the family's preference would have been to leave the house standing and perhaps renovate it in some fashion, but they fully understood that the buyer had the absolute right to do it.''
He is a product of the bygone, pre-open-admissions era of no excuses.
''A clear third of the Fortune 500 would see it as morally reprehensible.''
Technology Stocks Rally, But Market Finishes Mixed Stocks ended with a mixed showing yesterday, hurt by losses in consumer-product shares on a plunge in Kimberly-Clark, but helped by gains in small-company issues and further strength in technology shares, which extended their rebound from last week.
The Paris Auto Show (Mondial de l'Automobile) will be held Oct. 1 to 11 at the Parc des Expositions de la Porte de Versailles, in the 15th arrondissement (Porte de Versailles Metro stop).
I don't know why we had to come back.''
On Monday, Blue Jays relievers failed to protect a late two-run lead against Tampa Bay.
He said that Ernst & Young was not marketing Peoplesoft's products, only helping other companies to install the software.
Nick Monte called the settlement ''a great victory and a great step forward,'' adding that ''the Monte family is still running the place and we hope to continue to be involved.''
Joseph, who made $2.3 million last season with Edmonton, is being courted by at least four other teams, Meehan said.
The food is not the only lively thing here; Brazilians eat late, and as the night gets older, the restaurant takes on the air of a party.
Neither company is likely to produce direct competition against fixed disk drives any time soon.
But diplomacy and threats have failed to persuade President Hussein to cooperate.
Pavel Uryga, 26, a telecommunications technician who earns $500 a month, was eyeing a $400 microwave oven at the Multiservis store.
When Samaranch met on Friday with Michael Jordan, the chairman of Westinghouse Corp., CBS's parent company, he asked for a chance to redo the interview in Spanish, explaining that he considers English his fourth language, behind Spanish, Catalan and French.
The police said that they did not have any other suspects in the incident, and that they believed Mitchell, still three years shy of the age to obtain a driver's license, drove the van to a wooded area near the school, from which they did the shooting.
I've talked incessantly in private meetings with Chairman Hyde toward this end.
''If Microsoft calls Gates, they're crazy.''
Then I said: ''What if an associate says, 'I'm getting ignored because X is having a relationship with a partner and she's getting preferential treatment.
He described himself as a ''normal kid.''
For instance, the Dog Hause Web ring, a pack of connected dog sites found at www.doghause.com/ links.html, awards an I Care icon to sites that display a graphic about spaying and neutering if said sites are run by people whose pets are spayed or neutered (certified via an E-mail saying they are).
The undermanned Capitals had nine injured players unavailable for the game.
''We have 60,000 drug abusers in prison,'' Mr. Kahan said.
Last week, they voted to declared only a general set of guidelines on ''vital national interests'' in the West Bank, which defined areas from which they contend that Israel could not withdraw.
It was not until a month after the Sept. 26 start from Charleston, S.C., that Golding clawed his way to the front of the fleet.
Today several thousand Indians, seeming shaken but not intimidated, massed again in Ocosingo to continue their protest.
Maybe the problem is that the question is too narrow.
As part of its expansion, Science Times is renewing its coverage of the science of computing and the use of computers in science.
We still had our opportunities, and we missed and couldn't capitalize on them.''
The dancers glanced at one another, skeptical but game.
The damage trial lasted one month.
BOTH players are sixth-round draft choices.
''Next time, maybe it will be Bobby Julich's time.''
Booth, 222 West 45th Street, (212) 239-6200.
Some had specific ideas for an official Federal information packet, while others couldn't resist tossing in more personal advice.
St. John's did have 20 turnovers, but most came trying to force the action in the front court.
''In effect,'' he said, ''you've got to tell them everything.''
But Mr. Vajpayee has a reputation as an instinctive moderate.
With our love to you and the royal family.''
But with complex reflectors, which made their debut on the 1989 Honda Accord and are used today on a wide variety of domestic and import models, designers can make the headlamps match the smooth, almost seamless, aerodynamic shape of a car body.
Edwin Denby understood better than anyone else this dimension of Balanchine's art; he merits being described in the terms Oscar Wilde invented to emphasize the true critic's independence and artistry: ''The critic occupies the same relation to the work of art that he criticizes as the artist does to the visible world of form and color, or the unseen world of passion and of thought.''
He shrugged off the boos.
To their credit, Kors and Silverglate are old-fashioned civil libertarians who support everyone's right to sound off.
As part of a state plan to raise standards, the report cards, from the Education Department, are intended to enable communities to review information about performance and serve as a foundation for improvement.
''At that time the clear message was, 'This is the last time,' '' said Peter Shelley, director of the Marine Resources Project at the Conservation Law Foundation.
''It just gets too close,'' said Jon Elson as he let a stuffed No.
Glavine cruised through the final innings to make his record 10-3.
''There are those at $20 million who say to themselves going to $30 million doesn't appreciably change their chances, and there are those at $30 million who say we're no better off at 30 than at 20, so they go down.
The student body for most on-line courses is part-time, adult students in continuing education programs or full-time degree-seeking students who take most of their work in traditional classrooms.
Back in the 1920's and 30's, Belgian cars were all the rage, rivaling the Rolls-Royce as the choice of the rich and famous.
''Degree completion is not the sole reason people go to community colleges,'' said Clifford Adelman, a senior research analyst at the Department of Education.
Mr. Oregon, a 22-year-old Mexican immigrant, was the father of two who coached soccer and worked as a landscaper.
The Chicago-based UAL earned $61 million, or 34 cents a fully diluted share, down 42 percent from $105 million, or 92 cents a share, in the quarter a year earlier.
They discovered that they had been stopped by the same police officer for making the same left turn, from First Avenue onto 39th Street, but on different days.
''In the last month and a half, the global policy outlook has improved,'' Mr. Applegate said.
His crisp, light crab cakes are animated by ginger and enlivened by slaw and roasted pepper sauce Mr. Smith's salads are superb.
''He didn't return my greeting.
''He said, 'I got up and the gun went off,' '' the investigator said.
Even so, Morgan has repeatedly stated its intention to determine its own fate.
When he meets Mr. Netanyahu, Mr. Clinton should press for an Israeli withdrawal from an additional 10 percent or more of West Bank territory that begins quickly and is not hedged with preconditions.
The deposition was so very Clinton not only in shifting blame to aides who could ill afford the ensuing legal bills, but also in its brazenness.
''For years I have been criticizing this society for its approach to the Kurdish problem, for its failure to move toward real democracy, for its violations of human rights and banning of books,'' Mr. Pamuk said in an interview.
Suffice it to say that frankincense had been the key to the city's rise; that water, or rather the absence of it, was fundamental to its fall.
Zanardi, who last week wrapped up the PPG Cup championship for the second straight year, tried to get past Herta's Ford-powered Reynard, but Herta drove across the finish line 0.343-seconds (about three car lengths) ahead of Zanardi's Reynard-Honda.
Henry J. Lyons, president of the nation's largest predominantly black religious denomination, was charged in St. Petersburg, Fla., yesterday by the state authorities with racketeering and theft, stemming from accusations that he had misused his position for personal financial gain.
I don't get caught up in, 'What does this loss mean to us?'
Everyone, it seems, has a favorite Peter Oley story.
The cells, derived from fertilized human eggs, could be used to grow tissue for transplants or introduce new or improved genes.
Phyllis Tasby and her family have been covered by Kaiser for 11 years.
My father, who was from southern Illinois, adored the water and never liked to live far from it.
Several small statues of women stand out, among them the lovely ''Kneeling Venus,'' probably from the mid-1550's, whose pear-shaped posterior is a sensual celebration.
That's the attitude Mr. Fischer likes.
''I counted 11 occupied nests there this morning,'' he said.
''Every time I'm here, I think of my father.
He said he now regretted his vote and had concluded that the dissent ''had the better of the arguments.''
Looking suddenly distraught, the avuncular Mr. Kauffmann said: ''I don't want to go into it.
The most positive, she said, was ''Awakenings,'' in which Robin Williams played a neurological researcher who helped revive nearly catatonic patients.
To halt the invasion of a devastating insect pest, the United States said today that it would ban the import of all Chinese goods shipped in raw wood packing material, a move that is likely to strain China's economy -- as well as United States-China relations.
Before July, his portfolio had been in a half-barbell, half-bullet position.
''You can't come up with a standard measurement to put restrictions on leverage.
The Federal Communications Commission is still considering whether to require 11-digit dialing for city residents, even for calls within their own area code.
''The Government of Iraq should be under no illusion,'' Mr. Clinton said.
There continues to be some difference of opinion over what the proper course of treatment is for Garnes, who may need foot surgery if he continues to play.
THE award ceremony to be held on Thursday at Harvard University will draw more than 1,100 scientists and their students.
Between Jan. 28 and early March, Mr. Bittman invited Mr. Clinton six times to tell the grand jury his story, citing the President's public pledge to cooperate fully with the investigation, according to the correspondence.
Many studies have been done on the best way to teach English to non-English speakers.
There is more to be discovered about Townsend, his work and his role in Newport, R.I., society in the late 18th century.
For eight years he served as Village Justice of Oyster Bay Cove.
The royalty and overriding interests range from 2 percent to 80 percent.
cell, then another polarizing filter.
The Emeritus Corporation said yesterday that it was selling six of its unprofitable assisted-living operations to an undisclosed buyer for $53.1 million, reducing the company's losses by about $4 million a year.
Putting the archives in good order took about six years with a staff of five working full time.
Other restaurateurs who are definitely not taking a long break include the 64-year-old Mr. Maccioni, who is opening two restaurants at the Bellagio Hotel in Las Vegas, Nev., Le Cirque and Osteria del Circo.
agents working with Ms. Tripp.
The issue produced the liveliest moments in the Starr-Kendall confrontation Thursday night.
By 1960, that number had quadrupled.
But there is no more difference between his political ''ideas'' and Mr. Armey's than there is between those of Newt Gingrich and his milder successor, Robert Livingston.
Olga and Tatiana are feeling better; the latter even got up.
If all that is not complicated enough, many judges chosen for Civil Court or Criminal Court do not sit there.
He nearly went into hysterics when Cara wouldn't let him work on the computer and stomped, wailing, through the house when she insisted he go outside to play with her and little Kara.
But then the dashing Morris Townsend (Ben Chaplin) appears, inciting the smitten Catherine to chafe at the parental tie.
She was in stable condition at Hackensack University Hospital last night.
But he added that ''in certain cases, because of a lack of a date of birth in the Board of Elections records and people being in the same household with the same name, we didn't always have the most accurate information.''
Black folks must not be lured by this conversion of Butts.
Her ultimate dream is to build an observatory on the far side of the Moon, free of earthly interference, scanning the heavens for an unfamiliar hello.
Most people who were ordered to flee did so, Ms. Peery said.
Returning to the lodge, I learned that neither Cullman nor any of his other guests had taken a fish.
On defense, the Huskies were putting on a full-court press, and a runaway appeared in the making against a Rutgers team that had never been in such an exalted position.
In theory, this would help farmers by enabling them to withhold crops from the market until the price rose.
Still, count on plenty of hypnotized fans swaying happily throughout this set.
There, a band plays until 4 A.M. each night, moving from clip-clopping cumbias and the oom-pah beat of rancheras to ardent, lovelorn boleros.
These defects suggest that the wood under the siding has decayed.
The tax-deferred savings and investment program is designed to offer state residents variations in the allocation of assets according to the age of the child, and a flexibility in the use of the money upon withdrawal.
Michelle A. Skrupskis, who brought her two young children to the event, praised Mr. Clinton for a ''superb'' job in office, but said that she would be troubled if any illegal activity was proved.
Murphy's Bar Inc. faces 86 counts of selling alcohol to underage drinkers and a possible $8,600 fine and is trying to work out a settlement, its lawyer said today.
HOCKEY National Hockey League Phoenix Coyotes--Signed LW Andrei Vasilyev to a one-year contract and D Mike Martone to a multiyear contract.
''He has done a great job, and we're very committed to helping him,'' Mr. Norman said.
His defense improved markedly in the last six weeks of the regular season, and he began spraying line drives in the final 15 days to finish with a .265 average -- still nearly 40 points before his career average before this season.
On the morning after Times Square held a New Year's Eve party for 500,000 revelers, the neighborhood seemed subdued, but hardly hung over.
Hours: Mondays through Fridays, 10 A.M. to 4 P.M. Executive Offices, 1 Giralda Farms, Madison.
One of the toughest, he said, was in Jackson Township last fall, soon after 11-year-old Edward P. Werner was strangled while he sold candy door-to-door.
One solution was the Emerson Cultural Center, established in an old school building off Main Street, when a community group raised the money to buy it from the city in 1992.
Bucking the trend, Logitech has been making computer-pointing devices, like mice, joysticks and trackballs, larger and larger to fit more people's hands more comfortably.
That led her, in 1960, to Washington, where one can meander through a comfortable home and into a very dusty but tidy workshop filled with kilns, work tables and piles of glass.
That is a major reason, American officials have suggested, that the United States has remained mostly guarded in its statements about Iran.
The bond market ended 1997 on a high note yesterday, strengthening prices and leaving the yield on the most widely followed United States Goverment security near the lowest level in more than four years.
Bob Gabele, editor of Insiders' Chronicle, a newsletter in Rockville, Md., tracks executives' transactions.
''Hell, if you can't exercise your right to self-defense,'' he says, ''you are no better off than a Holocaust victim.''
I always found it a kind of vast and exotic mine to chip away at and use in terms of imagery.''
Paddling in the open water was harder than paddling inland, because a stiff breeze from behind was blowing up choppy two- to three-foot waves.
And many corporate-governance specialists say that any risk an executive faces from holding a big stock position is offset by high executive pay and generous severance agreements.
She and the bridegroom, who studied acting with the late Sanford Meisner and at the Actors Studio, are to appear in ''The Sopranos,'' a series scheduled for early next year on HBO.
In a ghastly four-minute session, the President told the nation no more than he had to.
Mother of Charles and Vivian.
Weiss Stagliano is part of a new generation of agencies that were founded in the late 1980's and early 1990's by entrepreneurial talents who broke away from such hot shops as Chiat/Day; Fallon McElligott; Goodby, Silverstein & Partners, and Wieden & Kennedy.
''He said, 'Get rid of all these wines and have more cheese,' '' Mr. Brennan said.
His run-in with the police started the morning of May 14 when he noticed the officer, on a scooter, straining to see the license plate of a car two parking meters away.
I think that at least in part, that was responsible for the tremendous public concern over the tuna/dolphin issue I've seen evolve over the last 10 years.
Partly because Navajo lacked words for most modern military terms, Mr. Gorman and his colleagues worked out a two-tier code in which English words were represented by different Navajo words.
Ms. Mills, 52, recalled that even as a girl she found the idea quite odd.
The Senate, after a hearing last week by its Finance Committee, is expected to vote on the measure soon.
The show, whose format is likely to include much of the brand of comedy Mr. Stern has ridden to enormous success on his syndicated radio show, will not be a network show.
Children must pass a qualifying test for admittance to Pearls, which covers kindergarten through sixth grade, according to Reginald Marra, schools superintendent.
Mr. Russell neither drank nor smoked.
To get to the Valleys of the Kings and Queens from Luxor one drives six miles along the East Bank of the Nile, crosses a bridge and drives back on the West Bank.
The Commerce Department's income and spending report, meantime, suggested consumers' buying could slow.
''You Never Can Tell'' is not in a league with such great, characteristically Shavian comedies as ''Pygmalion'' and ''Major Barbara.''
''We always received our parents' culture through electricity, through records,'' explained the guitarist, Chandrasonic.
''Even though I-200 sounds good, it's very deceptive,'' many of the volunteers said, reading from a script.
FOR once, the morning was clear and there was no one else around.
Neither side discusses the issue in terms of economics.
arenas, where Brett Hull and Chris Chelios play.
Therefore she leads workshops that acquaint dancers with the significance of liturgy and the nature of church space.
The Federal Communications Commission auction, which opened Feb. 18, closed after 128 rounds in which 139 companies submitted bids.
Edward Idris Cardinal Cassidy, the Australian head of the Vatican Commission on Religious Relations With the Jews, which produced the 14-page statement, told reporters at a Vatican news conference this morning that it was written as a teaching document for the worldwide church and represented ''more than an apology.''
Mr. Jackson's pronouncement on the courthouse steps incensed Mr. Pagones, who later brought it up on the witness stand.
And hope they don't smell you.
She got her start in national news at CBS network television, first in Manhattan and then in Chicago, where she was named a correspondent in 1984 and covered the Presidential bid of Senator Alan Cranston, Democrat of California, the 1984 Democratic National Convention and Election Night that year.
Shinichi Suzuki, whose revolutionary methods for teaching music led millions of youngsters around the world to study the violin using the ''Suzuki Method,'' died this morning at his home in Matsumoto, Japan.
But there is another way to look at the proposed fees -- not so much as a new layer of regulation, but as a realization that there are costs to operating a public communications network and that everyone using the network should help cover those costs.
So it was yesterday that the manager had to be asked, is he still having fun?
''The Basque people do not fit in the Constitution,'' Xabier Arzalluz, president of the moderate Basque Nationalist Party, said in September.
Santa Barbara, Calif., received 21 inches of rainfall in February, a once-a-millennium event.
Ohio State's John Cooper said that piling up ''solid wins'' makes his team immune to the whims of poll voters and the computer-ranking calculations.
ROCKIES 11, PADRES 5 Vinny Castilla hit his 40th and 41st home runs and drove in a career-high six runs to power host Colorado over San Diego.
Usually it is sold prepackaged in 1/4-inch thick strips cut and grooved for closet installation.
''These days, people have a lot more money,'' Mr. Shriberg said.
In raids begun on Thursday, Police Department officials said that they had closed 22 gambling parlors on the Upper West Side and in Harlem linked to Mr. Marquez's numbers network.
Even after they learned its English translation: monkfish liver.
That comes to about $50 a household a year, Mr. Meier says.
With seconds left and the Big East victory in hand, the younger Greer stole a pass and steamed toward the basket all alone.
In 1996, an exhibition of 80 works, ''Ancient Art from the Shumei Family Collection,'' opened at the Metropolitan Museum and later moved to the Los Angeles County Museum.
The only concrete accords to be announced at the meeting are agreements to reduce both nations' plutonium stockpiles and to share data on ballistic missile launchings.
Leaky roofs and ceilings in some buildings once forced tenants to open their umbrellas on rainy days just to step into the hallway.
That's when they began a flurry of layups and runners and brazen jumpers in the face of whatever offensively-challenged lineup Bird threw at them.
The rebel group was described as recently as a month ago by the ethnic Albanian leader Ibrahim Rugova as ''a creation of the Serb security forces.''
The left-leaning Party of the Democratic Revolution has said the fund is illegal, because Congress never authorized it.
Sundstrom's second goal also restored some calm to the Rangers after they squandered a 2-0 lead in a 30-second collective brain cramp.
Almost the only time the Mayor allowed his pointer to linger on a troubling statistic came when he revealed a chart indicating that the Police Department's average response time to crimes in progress had slightly increased.
Hours: Sundays through Wednesdays, 10 A.M. to 6 P.M.; Fridays and Saturdays, 10 A.M. to 8 P.M.
Mr. Jackson threatened the woman with a knife before raping her and sodomizing her with a toothbrush case, the police said.
Or as in the case of the retired auto dealer, even a spouse's enthusiasm and support may not satisfy a wanderlust penned up by years of self-doubt and frustration.
The Dow closed at 8,986.64, up 118.32 points, or 1.33 percent.
''It's only a breakthrough if you haven't done it before.''
''Those were great days,'' Lowe lamented.
Their sixth straight loss, by 5-0 to D.C. United, was their worst at Giants Stadium and established the longest losing streak in their brief history.
''I don't think there is anything wrong with something coming to me.''
The French Foreign Minister, Hubert Vedrine, said after meeting on Thursday night with Secretary of State Madeleine K. Albright, ''I understand that all options are open, and this is why it is necessary to intensify the search for a diplomatic solution.''
But they are beginning to question whether politicians seeking office, the news media and the public should attach so much importance to the annual, and sometimes monthly, release of the latest crime figures.
Holmgren still has nothing to say publicly about his future.
Now his family, its meager funds exhausted, cannot raise the $46 it needs to get his body out of the morgue and into the city cemetery.
''No one has ever told them the intent: to back off.''
UNZIPPIN' MY DOODAH AND OTHER NATIONAL PRIORITIES Conceived, written and directed by Bill Strauss and Elaina Newport.
''Payroll growth is tailing off, but not as dramatically as we feared.''
In such a polarized place, self-protection comes before self-interest.
The work uses opera, dance and the spoken work to tell the Oedipus story from the imagined perspective of Jocasta, his mother and, later, wife.
A request for an orchestral piece from the conductor and composer Bruno Maderna afforded the opening he needed, and Druckman composed ''Windows,'' which won a Pulitzer Prize in 1972.
Briggs, who grew up in Brownsville, Brooklyn, and lives in West Orange, N.J., thinks that the boxing gym at the Stella Wright Homes will make a difference in the community.
''The South Bronx is a tough location,'' Moores said.
Mr. Haggerty said a manager whose company had bought the program had it linked to his pager so that he could be alerted as he walked around the office.
I would have played those eight shows instead of six.''
If using dried mushrooms, soak them in the red wine until they become plump.
Caterpillar reiterated its forecast that 1998 profit will be near 1997's record level.
A Memorial service is scheduled for Saturday, May 2, at 3 P.M. at the Garden City Community Church, Stewart Avenue at Whitehall Blvd, Garden City, NY.
Working pitchers deep into the count, forcing them to throw more pitches than they care to, was not a new development with the Yankees this year.
Sweden invited governments, institutions and educational experts to attend a conference in Stockholm on Holocaust education and research in 1999 or 2000.
Although she has gone without a Grand Slam victory, she has piled up $4.8 million in prize money since turning pro six years ago.
Wrote books, film scripts, light verse and articles over a 50 year career.
''Some of the things I've done, I haven't been an angel.
Loving wife of John J. Linnehan, devoted mother of Seana Linnehan Wood and her husband Roger H. Wood of New York, NY, an attorney Courtney C. Linnehan of Boston, MA.
During the tunnel work between 110th and 116th Street, trains will be able to pass through the section, but only on one track.
For another, Arab allies that stuck by the United States in the gulf war are keeping their diplomatic distance, at least publicly, with the exception of Kuwait and to a lesser extent Bahrain and Oman.
Juana Garcia lives in a neighborhood of small wood and concrete-block houses, Barrio Blanco, along the eastern bank of the Higamo River.
Fernando Carrillo and Nkosi Kress danced in a spirit of cutthroat competition.
What mattered was his talent.''
Check at the Governor's office at the pueblo to see if photography is permitted.
On that list: Madonna, when she was only a rock star (motherhood got her through the Hassler's doors), and Muhammad Ali, who refused to put on a tie to enter its august rooftop restaurant.
The shifts, all announced Friday, include another departure from Wells BDDP in New York, changes at the flagship New York office of Young & Rubicam Advertising and the staff for a revived San Francisco office of TBWA Chiat/Day.
A spokesman for the State Comptroller's office, Steven A. Greenberg, angrily denied that there had been a loss.
The briefing was led by James W. Nance, a retired Navy rear admiral who is not only the committee's staff director, but also Mr. Helms's boyhood friend and alter ego.
She cannot feed herself or go to the bathroom on her own.
Parcells's pursuit of Martin indicates that he believes the Jets can be serious contenders for a championship in the next season or two.
They represent 10 countries that were considered prominent in the establishment of mail service when the building opened in 1914, said Andrew Sozzi, the New York spokesman for the Postal Service.
It appears to be finished, although the court did not announce a decision or say when it would.
''It's as if a boil was lanced and the fever has broken,'' said Ed Markey, a Massachusetts Congressman, after the Bill Clinton grand jury video.
Screenings Sunday nights at 7.
Canseco's second homer of the day was a 422-foot drive off Jim Mecir in the seventh inning that broke a scoreboard light just below a restaurant window on the third deck of the Skydome.
Indeed, the Toronto-based Four Seasons Hotel Group did not hire a shaman to situate the resort, nor recruit an employee to remember the gods three times a day.
The family of Eva Reuter, devoted wife of Max Reuter, loving mother of Fay and Dov Stern and Diane and Harry Ramras.
That language could not possibly have been used when Crete was under Mycenaean control, they said, and anyway, the entire Bronze Age world was thought to have been illiterate.
On busy weekends and holidays, a horse-drawn sleigh shuttles skiers between the lifts and the cozy base lodge.
For the last few years many large businesses have had a choice of local telephone companies.
The action came in response to comments from tens of thousands of consumers concerned about the purity of their food and the integrity of the organic label.
Earlier this fall, Kroll-O'Gara bought a factory for making armored cars in Colombia, said Bruce Goslin, a managing director of the company's office in Miami.
''His three sons and their mother sorted out about 100 pictures to be included and selected portions of home movies to be used in the piece.
Ocean and Chestnut Avenues, Island Heights.
A few weeks later the State Superior Court in Freehold in Monmouth County ordered Englishtown to cooperate, enabling the projects to tie in to the Western Monmouth Utility Authority's sewage system in Englishtown.
To the Editor: There is a difference between inspections by the United Nations Special Commission on Iraq and nuclear inspections by the International Atomic Energy Agency (Week in Review, Dec. 20).
to talk about books and ideas.''
But these days Mr. Browne is getting a different kind of reputation around the Queensbridge Houses, a sprawling complex in Long Island City that stretches alongside the trusses of the Queensboro Bridge.
''I've turned down at least 500 -- maybe 6 or 700 -- requests to go on talk shows on this issue,'' Mr. McCain said in an interview several days ago.
The reason: There is little overlap in the production of the two companies, and as a result, union officials see little prospect of consolidation and layoffs.
The provincial companies officially account for $38 billion in foreign borrowing, much of it coming due in the next year or two.
Katz provides digital printing and prepress services for advertising and marketing companies in New York and surrounding states.
The Pirates lost to Georgia Tech, 88-78, last week in the first round of the N.I.T.
++ means discounted tickets were available at the TKTS booth for performances last Friday night only.
'' Mr. Stewart said that through his music and Sly-Fi, he is proving wrong the skeptics of the marriage of music and the Internet.
*Will play all preseason, regular-season and postseason home games (except any Super Bowl game) in the stadium.
''The meters are still there,'' the Mayor explained.
''It's a further confiscation of people's property rights.''
A 3 X 10 [to the sixth powoer] adolescent baby sitter would be established a $3 million member of the phylum.
In the pacts, named for the Prime Minister's official headquarters, political leaders agreed on economic austerity measures and social reforms to maintain a degree of stability during the transition to democracy.
Much loved nephew of Ruth Ciner.
There were a lot of emotions.
The tie goes back to the 1870's and Walter Camp, an executive at a clock company who helped shape the rules that separated football from its parent game of rugby.
Amouneh Abed Rabu's killed two Jews in the West Bank town of Beit Jala.
Sources of pollution that failed to comply can be forced out of business under this provision.
The hills surrounding the harbor bristle with stumpy white apartment buildings of no distinction.
Dr. Dickinson, the spokeswoman for the supplement industry, said that the digitalis case actually showed that the law worked, because the F.D.A.
FAT CAT, 75 Christopher Street, Greenwich Village, (212) 675-6056.
's and the doctors and hospitals in its network.
The Orioles' starting pitcher, Sidney Ponson, allowed only one hit through five innings, but after he left in the sixth with a blister on his right middle finger Chicago promptly scored twice to take a 3-2 lead.
Oistin F. MacBride, a professional photographer who lives in the Murray Hill section of Manhattan, fretted that many people would put down the paper or snap off the television and think there was peace in Northern Ireland.
''People turn off their reality checkers because they desperately want to find something that will help them be young forever or be healthier or better-looking.''
Box 4100, New York, N.Y. 10261-4100 No agents or solicitors are authorized to seek contributions for The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund.
Mr. Treadwell, 55, said that ''turning 50 had come as a tremendous shock, and I really decided I wanted to do something different with my life.''
After neutron bombardment of the hair, investigators would be able to gauge the relative levels of mercury, arsenic and other substances in the composer's tresses.
Genovese Drug Stores Inc., for instance, runs commercials proclaiming that its employees ''take good care of you.''
''Many major banks have taken bold steps to improve their financial health by writing off, directly or indirectly, enormous amounts of nonperforming loans at the end of March this year.
That total pales beside domestic debt, the money South Korean companies owe South Korean financial institutions, which at current exchange rates is somewhat more than $300 billion, according to analysts.
''I expect all or most of the prisoners to be released at an early date.''
Expects to open in September with 100 students, grades 6 and 7; projects 250 students, grades 6 to 10, in four years.
Why is Java such a big deal?
Your husband, Dr. Duane M. Rumbaugh, is a distinguished comparative psychologist who is a pioneer in the study of ape language.
What the Administration should do now is make several things very clear to Iraq, to our former coalition partners, to the Congress and to the American people: * The next time Saddam doesn't comply with agreements he has made or with applicable Security Council resolutions, we will react with force.
And emerging markets still face tremendous problems that could set off more selling: DEVALUATION -- Columbia effectively devalued its currency last week, and other currencies from the Brazilian real to the Hong Kong dollar are still under pressure.
I like Gillian Welch and Lucinda Williams, which I listen to a lot in the car.
It also asks lawyers to state points of law and facts of a case accurately, avoid conflicts of interest like providing trial strategies to a lawyer involved in the case the commentator is following.
Mike Modano and Grant Marshall each had a goal and an assist for the Stars, who were playing for the second straight night.
A Superior Court judge ruled in his favor, but critics argued that many of the two million women nationwide who belong to women's gyms would not work out if their only option was a coed club.
Rumors abound that Mr. Yeltsin is about to be forced out of office in favor of Mr. Chernomyrdin.
''This can be a home,'' he said.
The hamlet has nine marinas and more than 60 professional captains, and for many years, fishing has been about the only source of jobs or revenue, said Grover Moore, captain of the Charter II.
''We still have a window of exclusivity, but clearly you assume some risk when you put time off and don't get contracts done and allow even the potential for a player to move out on the open market,'' he added.
We'll be replacing Massapequa with space in the Bellmore-Merrick School District.''
Play in the Kingdome, and the Yankees would lose.
Ms. Bogart, who brought far more theatrical wit to her 1994 look at Marshall McLuhan, ''The Medium,'' presents Warhol as a deeply frightened, unattractive little man, made to feel inadequate by the idealized images of mass advertising.
In the sultry 95-degree heat, the fields shimmered along the highway leading west from Guadalajara, as if the hazy blue sky had tumbled to the earth and splashed over the hillsides.
But their tranquillity evaporates when their only neighbor, a doctor, begins a succession of seemingly interminable, increasingly uncomfortable afternoon visits.
He will also announce expansion of a network of universities connected to a Next Generation Internet, adding 29 schools for a total of 90.
's position ''is politically unrealistic and economically not very sensible.''
Their journeys toward self-discovery lead the protagonists toward each other.
Sister of Larry Drath and aunt of Nina Priven and Eric Drath.
''This could be the catalyst for reviving the Bronx.''
Although he rarely exhibited, his sculpture had been shown at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, the Robinson Gallery, the A.C.A.
At the rate he has hit home runs this season, one every 7.27 times at bat, McGwire could reach 70.
And the number of commercial craft continues to rise.
Their criminal code, Mr. Wu says, gives the Government the right to extract body parts when the condemned give their consent or when their bodies are ''uncollected.''
The White House squeezed the Russia trip into a Presidential schedule already jammed with foreign travel.
It was a Monday, market day, and many farmers and their animals had come to town.
Frost added, that his own committee ''has taken the role that historically the D.N.C.
With the Fuji bank to your right, and the Hachinoya confectionery shop to your left, walk away from the station.
The charter school is a flawed endeavor that is unfair to the public school system and unfair to the many successful private schools that provide quality education without any financial assistance from the taxpayer.
And there are some bruised feelings when the homeless are told to enter and leave through an unmarked basement door instead of the canopy-covered staircase used by restaurant and exhibition visitors.
''We want to demonstrate that the Senate continues to understand the importance of Mexico and Central America for our country's interests,'' Senator Lott said in a statement on Monday just before the delegation left.
Mr. Fortier also is being sentenced for plotting with Mr. McVeigh to take 25 stolen guns from Kansas to Arizona and then moving them.
Tommy Salo, the Islanders' goalie, made 13 saves for his fifth shutout of the season, which ties him with Buffalo's Dominik Hasek for the National Hockey League lead.
That success coincided with the release of ''Big Night,'' creating the synergy needed to kick his career up to a level commensurate with his talent.
That accusation was not an uncommon one spoken about Testaverde before this season.
He once prosecuted members of his own Democratic party for absentee-ballot fraud.
''This is not a popularity contest.''
The state gains tax was considered particularly onerous, real estate executives said, because it was triggered by events not normally taxable, such as the acquisition of property by an investment trust shielded from Federal taxes.
Both sides insist that they have not shut the door on a future deal, while implying that the other needs to budge.
''The more important issue,'' he added, ''is that where cause was found for work to be stopped, it has been.''
Col. Terrence W. Wilcutt of the Marine Corps, to power up all the shuttle's jets, and that seemed to fix the problem.
We have to bear down on our chances.
Two new publications entered the field last year: Jump, published by Weider Publications, and Twist, published by the German company Bauer Publishing.
''Just have fun,'' Williams said.
So after Army service, he chose Trinidad, on the Purgatoire River, which meanders through 2.5 million acres of range land in Colorado's largest county, Las Animas.
Nicole R. Nason, a committee counsel, said it was ''premature to say exactly what a resolution of articles of impeachment would look like.''
Still, Shanahan's supporters say he isn't ruthless, just straightforward.
From April 23 to May 10, Norfolk will be host to the Virginia Waterfront International Arts Festival, with 100 artists and companies from around the world performing classical music, opera, ballet, theater and jazz.
To the Editor: Dr. J. Reid Meloy's explanation that most stalking behavior stems from mental and personality disorders (Science Times, Aug. 25) comes from a psychological standpoint.
Beloved daughter, cherished sister and loving aunt.
The state promised to make any road improvements necessary so that the stadium could be cleared in one hour or less.
Armed with only his Russian and a shy, gap-toothed smile, he was terrified by the boisterous world of kindergarten.
It has reported that from 1984 to 1994 prison spending in California rose 209 percent, compared with 15 percent for higher education.
The invading Moors founded Granadilla in the ninth century and later lost it to the Christians, who built the castle in the 15th century.
The ads for ''Godzilla'' proclaim that ''size does matter.''
And it is too heavy to put in much at a time.
You're lucky if you get one or two anecdotes about ''Down in the Delta'' before she careers off onto another story from what has been a remarkable life.
I would note only that, once again, your letter stonewalls my request for information concerning contacts between members of the Independent Counsel's law firm (Kirkland & Ellis) and the Paula Jones lawyers as of the Jan. 16, 1998, expansion of your Office's jurisdiction to encompass the Lewinsky matter in the Paula Jones civil suit.
And so it seems nearly miraculous that the best teachers can somehow accomplish what's required and still have the focus and concentration to help students discover what they are destined to do and magically, in the process, change entire lives.
Congress would be unwise to head down that same road again.''
The State Department violated Government regulations and the retirement law governing Federal employees by denying the pension, the suit said.
''It's very much a success; he made it,'' Mr. Stehn said.
In the directness with which they confront life's problems, Mr. Aznavour's ballads are comparable to American country songs, although their musical vocabulary is very different.
Ira L. Rennert, the owner of the Sagaponack property, was hardly known outside his own private circles until news of his pending house hit the East End earlier this year like a hurricane.
''Middle-class working Russian immigrants are probably the hungriest for the American way, and the fastest learners of it,'' Mr. Nasti said.
According to a survey by Andersen Consulting, only 71 percent of Japanese executives have access to the Internet, the lowest level among senior management in nine of the world's leading economies.
Fearing that the Brazilian crisis would quickly spread to other Latin American markets, they would bail out of those too, causing them to plunge.
J.C. PENNEY CLASSIC A Three-Way Tie And Tourney Mark The teams of Kris Tschetter and Steve Jones along with Chris Johnson and Steve Lowery each shot an eight-under-par 63 yesterday to move into a three-way tie with Meg Mallon and Steve Pate in the J.C. Penney Classic in Palm Harbor, Fla.
In 1992, I came across the story of a 16-year-old black boy, Eric McGinnis, whose body had been found a year earlier floating in the St. Joseph River in southwestern Michigan.
''We've got cab drivers so old they can't see the road,'' one of them joked.
I was injured by a rubber bullet.
5 are ranked the second-, third- and fourth-hardest holes on the course, respectively.
There is only a car with no brakes on a slippery slope to trouble.
On the day Mr. Gucci was shot, there was a single word entry: ''Paradeisos,'' the Greek word for ''paradise.''
That slower growth, he added, would cap the rise in total compensation.
And the plots are lugubrious and slow, even when they try to be lurid.
Even so, as serious injuries in taxi accidents were increasing 4 percent, serious injuries in accidents that did not involve taxis fell by 33 percent.
Food service in the station has already improved as new tenants arrive or existing tenants renovate.
His situation has raised questions -- mainly, why?
The shipment left Shanghai on Sunday and arrived safely in New York, Mr. Redden said.
As part of the plea, Royal Caribbean acknowledged ordering an engineer to lie to a Federal grand jury and destroying evidence to conceal its illegal dumping.
But if anyone deserved a sympathy vote, it was Seles.
''They are asking the doctors and the hospitals to fund the rehabilitation of HIP and I find that unconscionable when it was mistakes and lack of regulation by the state that led to this.''
Cloud, who gained 200 and 156 yards, respectively, in victories over Georgia Tech and Rutgers, carried 27 times for 196 yards as the Eagles (3-0, 2-0 Big East) extended their best start since opening 7-0-1 six years ago.
That went on Mr. Loizeaux's desk at home in Hyattsville, Md., with the photograph of Hannah Baker Wells and the rest of what he calls ''the artifacts'' of Rabbit's life.
Of course, no one, least of all Mr. Giuliani, expects commission members actually to put forward any far-reaching proposals.
He speaks with quiet confidence.
Betty hasn't had sex in nine months.
Interment to follow at Holy Cross Cemetery, Brooklyn, New York.
In 1984, the mother died in her room, surrounded by family members, during the final chords of a performance in the theater below.
''We've made a lot of progress in 75 years,'' said Ozcan Cakir, 45, manager of a small candy factory in Safranbolu.
Loving father of Dr. Robert and Bianca Gilbard, Dr. Jeffrey and Elisabeth Gilbard, Dr. Steven and Lauren Gilbard, and step-children Andrew and Cherlye Carlton, Dale Carlton, and Arnold Carlton.
Bowman sleeping, Mr. Harper said.
It is unrated and is 90 minutes.
I'm now writing down stuff a whole lot more.
Set in a field with rolls of hay, the scene has a deliberate homoerotic quality.
For the treaty to take effect, 44 countries identified as having nuclear abilities have to ratify it.
It can then be dumped out into a trash container.
The settlement is the largest ever negotiated in a case involving charges of lending discrimination, far surpassing a $1 million settlement in 1996 against a North Carolina Bank, according to the Department of Housing and Urban Development.
That needle-in-a-haystack approach was expensive and inefficient.
Students from Bir Zeit University who had marched for the release of Palestinian prisoners stoned an Israeli car and smashed its windows at a junction on the northern outskirts of the city.
After Juan Peron was thrown out of power, subsequent editions appeared under Ms. Main's real name.
Tomorrow at 10 P.M.; admission is $10 (Pareles).
Let the Jets observe the Giants' dismal locker room; let them see firsthand how fragile success can be, how dreams so quickly can turn to ashes.
Thousands of people swear they saw him perform a move known as the Double Dunk, in which he would slam the ball through a net, catch it as it dropped through the cords and, still airborne, dunk it again.
Could this most practiced of pretenders have faked his own demise?
Mr. Netanyahu countered with maps developed by Ariel Sharon, a veteran hawk in the Cabinet, contending that any withdrawal beyond 9 percent would pose a security threat to Israel.
At the time, the album sold only about 100,000 copies.
The next day, he announced the project would receive state aid after all, from a special fund for community projects.
Almost any domestic company that would be interested in Sprint would probably not be interested in the whole company.
''I'd work at home,'' she said.
Chwasky said he would read the contract over the weekend before Lewis signed it.
Such risks are possible only because this is a non-litigious society where liability insurance is affordable.
in edging Pruett by 0.247 seconds.
A high-ranking mayoral aide, speaking on the condition of anonymity, said that the Giuliani administration has established other productivity incentives in the past: teachers who teach an extra period get more money, as do two-member sanitation teams doing the work once handled by three employees.
Freed from prison, Mr. Munoz returned to Ciudad Juarez, but another trafficker, Amado Carrillo Fuentes, had taken control of the cartel based there.
Guests are jamming the show's phone line (877-APOLOGY) and hitting the Web site (www.forgiveorforget.com), asking to appear on the show, which Mother Love promises will improve their lives as it mends their relationships.
Three months after the injections, another test, X-rays known as angiograms in which a radio-opaque chemical is injected to outline the coronary arteries, showed that no new blockages had developed.
The United States also joined Canada in recruiting other sponsors, and by the end of the day 21 countries had agreed, including Russia, Germany, Britain, Japan, Australia and Argentina.
Mr. Galliano -- a vision in marcelled hair and a single dangling earring -- scored a coup and thrilled the 1,000 dinner guests by showing the fabulous clothes many of them had read about but not seen in person.
But Mr. Netanyahu does not want a lasting confrontation with his prime ally, the United States, because a majority of the Israeli people do not want one, American officials say.
NOTRE DAME 94, ST. JOHN'S 57 Notre Dame (19-8) ran off to a 14-0 lead and countered the zone defense of St. John's (6-21) with 3-point shots.
He said it was a nuisance.''
Loving father of John, Kathryn Grim, Virginia Grim Jensen, Emerald Grim Mandracchia, Christopher, James, and Dr. Maria Pons.
French doors lead to a private patio or terrace.
He said that when he was a child, a major influence in his life was the head lifeguard at the 134th Street Bathhouse in Harlem.
Of a simpler sort, and generally best when young, are the reds and white from Lucca's own hills, the Colline Lucchesi.
The lower the rates, the less the prepayment risk.
When he traveled to China in 1955 to win the release of 15 captured American airmen, he explained that his authority lay not simply with the member states that he represented but with the U.N. charter itself, a novel interpretation that came to be known as the Peking Formula.
Almost all of the Republicans who voted against that article did so not exclusively on legal principle but at least partly because of special political circumstances -- the Democratic majority in Representative Constance A. Morella's district in the Maryland suburbs of Washington, for example, and the gratitude of Representative Peter T. King of New York for Mr. Clinton's peacemaking in Ireland.
As the rivals pursue the Countess and she greets a retinue of guests, the characters engage in nonstop banter.
Mr. Marcus, 93, has sold the home in Santa Fe, N.M. that contained his trove.
Capital fun and ''flawlessly done,'' as Holmes would say.
Choreographic styles or messages are often clearer when the performers look alike.
Innsitting has often been a casual arrangement between innkeepers and someone they hire.
Analysts who looked at today's transaction said that Olivetti now survives essentially as a financial holding company with its principal holdings and activities in telecommunications activities like mobile and fixed-line telephones.
Just back from Paris myself.
It is worth hiring a Chinese-speaking guide to take you into Pingyao's protected homes, since this will provide more chances to interact with local residents.
11 9 6 WOBEGON BOY, by Garrison Keillor.
Now who is confusing sex and rape?
UPPER EAST SIDE $400,000 115 East 90th Street 2-bedroom, 1 1/2-bath, 1,200-sq.-ft. prewar co-op; 24-hr.
(''Remembering Ansel Adams,'' a memorial piece as energetic as it is somber, is included on the new CRI release, played by the clarinetist Richard Stoltzman with the strings of the Warsaw Philharmonic.)
With evaluation and further rounds of testing, it could take several years before the drugs are available on the market -- if they become available at all.
''By the time I was 14, I was playing 54 holes a day.
The actor, known as the father of Kirk Cameron on the ABC sitcom ''Growing Pains,'' brooded until the door swung open.
A3 Diamonds and Angola Rebels The sale of diamonds is still underwriting the war by Angolan rebels, and a United Nations embargo to cut off that income is not working, a human rights organization said.
But they were already paying almost $200 a month for their three lines, an Internet service provider and three car phones.
In addition, he hinted at a greater benefit: ''What kind of society are we going to have when everybody has the Truster?
He said his investigation ''has expanded considerably and the end is not yet in sight.''
If Mendoza keeps pitching shutouts, El Duque may be long for Columbus.
But her recording of Juliette shows a voice that has slipped noticeably.
''But it's ultimately the results that matter,'' he said.
But these days, despite a Cabinet change, nearly the only Government employee who has gone anywhere is Katsuhiko Kumazaki, the prosecutor who led a much-heralded investigation into scandals involving expensive free entertainment paid for by businessmen who wanted the bureaucrats' favor.
205 West State Street, Trenton.
Adults can also act like spoiled brats.
I fertilize it every six weeks and keep the soil evenly moist.
Excerpts from Nijinsky's diaries and snatches of his choreography and best-known roles are woven smoothly into the script and performance, which was directed by Dom Salinaro.
''The possibilities of starting a step that will lead to a permanent peace arrangement are before us.
On Monday, Parliament is likely to pass a vote of no confidence in Mr. Netanyahu, which would lead to elections within 60 days.
While New Jersey has imposed new taxes on cigarettes and tough new restrictions limiting cigarette sales to minors, the state now spends about $1 million annually in advertising and marketing efforts to counter the big tobacco companies.
The usual reasons are advanced.
And even before they set out on their difficult mission, the prosecutors wanted to establish Ms. Tripp's motive for coming to them, rather than to the Justice Department.
He has his reasons: *When he embarrassed himself and the club years ago with heavy drinking and boorish off-the-court behavior, the Nets stuck with him.
members with life membership because he was appointed before age limits were imposed in 1966.
But while Trevor succeeds handily in chilling the reader, he also paints a more ambivalent and muted landscape.
''I'll be more than happy to talk with them.''
He used his experiences at Pleasantville, two group homes and a youth residence to escape the world of drugs and violence that his parents inhabited.
The only evidence the O.I.C.
When my researcher, Karen Goettsche Lubell, pointed out this oversight to the lexicographers at Oxford, they snapped into action.
The Lifetime Vision Award goes to Blake Edwards, who started his career in the 1950's.
Amy Duran nailed three of four 3-point attempts in scoring 22.
''It's my one day off,'' she said, ''and I can't watch my soap operas because of this.''
For sheer elegance, something the Indians can be very good at, no London restaurant of any kind outshines Tamarind (20 Queen Street, W1; 011-44-171-629-3561), which is in a Mayfair basement.
''They know when it gets difficult, you need to find strength outside yourself to be able to get through it.''
''I shall never forget or forgive your insolence,'' Jeanne announces.
No money was on the table in that early round of settlement talks.
The producing director, Joyce ParryMore, just starred in a production of ''Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?''
Mr. Bordonaro, a conservative former rancher and tax preparer who has already entered the regular June primary for the next full term, which begins in January, vowed to continue his challenge, telling his supporters, ''The war is far from over.''
And touching on a local issue of great interest, Mr. Schumer said he would urge discount airlines to open new routes to upstate communities.
''I'm fortunate in that for me there's life beyond radio,'' said Ms. Harris, now 51, who first came to prominence while singing harmony with the seminal country rock artist Gram Parsons in the early 1970's.
Mr. Moore, meanwhile, has also appealed the murder and robbery conviction.
There is no room for discussion, just the recognition of right and wrong.
One of the most interesting oddball dancers is Lawrence Goldhuber, a former Jones-Zane performer, who is six feet tall and averages 350 pounds.
He was a still figure in a Cleveland clubhouse where players ate their post-game meal of chicken and rice in silence.
Amid a sea of ''New York Loves Gore'' posters, the Vice President, in a keynote address on the convention's opening day, declared, ''This place is noted for the resurgence of the Democratic Party.''
(AP) NATIONAL A10-14 Emergency F.A.A.
Tickets: $50; 18 and under, $25.
Ruth, Jane, Robin, Chuck, Stefan, Jessica and Bradley
That produces resentment, and in 10 or 15 years that resentment could bring trouble.''
We'd be in a defense that didn't account for that.
Another possible use would be additional space for two museums now planned for the site: a national museum planned by lighthouse preservation groups, and a cultural center.
In this confrontation, Washington has failed to garner much substantial backing from the Arabs, giving Israel little reason to stay on the sidelines should Iraq attack.
And that doesn't include the $5 million or so, maybe even $10 million, that can be spent winning a primary to get on the fall ballot.
He had leading roles with the Stratford Shakespearean Festival in Ontario, including Tiresias in Tyrone Guthrie's celebrated masked version of ''Oedipus Rex,'' starring James Mason.
He also looked at the vast decorative schemes at ancient Mexican ruins.
The company, which is trying to sell its Attends adult-diaper unit for North America, will move diaper production elsewhere if a buyer is not found.
Like hors d'oeuvre platters of black olives in white ramekins, the gossip-column paragraphs in the two large magazines are stuffed with celebrities' names in bold-face type.
His father, Jim, who is now a scout with the Cowboys, had coaching stops in New Jersey, Florida, Pennsylvania, Dallas, Houston, Cleveland and New Orleans while Garrett was growing up; Garrett transferred from Princeton to Columbia in his sophomore year when his father was briefly the Lions' coach, then transferred back.
The four excerpts in the Peking Opera's program last 15 to 40 minutes each, and are introduced and described by a narrator.
''There's blood everywhere,'' he said in a panicked call to a 911 operator that was played to the jury yesterday.
He was most at ease with his wife and six children, not with a world that did not welcome his surpassing Ruth's record.
Beneath the objections of groups like the American-Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee, I sense a fear that the image of Arabs and Muslims in America is so poor that any negative depiction, even if part of a balanced whole, is inherently perilous.
You chauffeured the kids, helped Eugenie fix things, chase heifers, and keep a sense of humor.''
''We believe that a policy of engagement will result in dividends,'' Mr. Lane said.
David Justice hit an r.b.i.
9 6 11 THE TEN COMMANDMENTS, by Laura Schlessinger and Stewart Vogel.
HOWARD BAHR'S first novel was published in hardcover last year by a small press in Baltimore, but despite being nominated for several awards it escaped the attention of most reviewers and readers.
Gershwin's centenary came and went in September, yet the commemorative concerts continue unabated; and Elliott Carter, who doesn't turn 90 until Thursday, has been feted continuously since the season began.
Saturday at 8 P.M. Tickets: $10.
In a report to leaders of the two countries, the envoys said the parties in the dispute, mainly fishermen, had failed to agree on salmon allocations.
ANTHONY RAMIREZ GIRLS ON FILM (http://www.girlsonfilm.com)
His presence will be sorely missed.
My husband and I enjoyed a sumptuous Sunday brunch in the same restaurant and paid $13.50 each; the price for children was $5.50.)
MUSEUM OF TELEVISION AND RADIO, 25 West 52d Street, Manhattan.
''I wouldn't say she deserved it, but she should have known better.''
Angry heckling when Iago threatens to destroy Othello?
He looks at his feet, utters something about not being perfect until he bats 1.000 and makes no errors and shifts the focus to the Yankees.
The Universal repertory includes 11 story ballets, 7 of them 19th-century classics, and 24 short ballets by 19th- and 20th-century choreographers, including George Balanchine, David Lichine, Ruthanna Boris and Choo San Goh.
Eighteen-wheelers roar down nearby U.S. Route 1.
As the former Miss West Seattle went off in her wheelchair for her weekly hair appointment, she said, ''One has to keep up one's image.''
''Right now the Net is not a way to see movies,'' said Mayra Langdon Riesman, founder of Filmscouts, a well-known Web site about movies (http://www.filmscouts.com) and a practiced hand at putting shorter pieces of film on the Internet.
''The Fifth Annual Celtic Summer Solstice,'' a concert with Paul Winter on soprano saxophone, Paul Halley on piano and great organ, and vocalist Karen Casey.
That could threaten the city's credit rating, and under state law, it would require budget-balancing moves by the city, like cutting expenses or increasing taxes.
Of the 37, he said, 26 were rated ''deficient,'' meaning that they had been cited for at least one deficiency in their most recent available inspection report.
''The stampede to collect the Nazi stuff is overwhelming now,'' said Mr. Cillo, a Maryland collector who owns hundreds of German war medals and other World War II memorabilia, including a Nazi photograph album said to have been bound with human skin.
The Government should apply sanctions against financial institutions that do not honor public commitments on such things as keeping branches open and protecting jobs, the task force said.
''It's been the strangest election I have ever seen in my life,'' said Pierre Roy, 61, a retired businessman from Lac Beauport, near Quebec city.
''Gum chewing is definitely cool,'' said Ruth Hiller, an artist and a trainer at Peak Performance in Gramercy Park.
But every time she asked the club's management to lower the volume, Ms. McGinty said, she was ignored.
''Earnings quality has gone downhill,'' he said.
You Know His Name The next cast for ''Art'' -- George Wendt, Judd Hirsch and Joe Morton -- will take over on Dec. 22.
In contrast with Soviet times, law and economics have become prestigious careers as the Russian media publicize the growing wealth and political influence of the country's top bankers.
But many machines still labor to reproduce the sounds of acoustic instruments.
His teams have played in the National Collegiate Athletic Association tournament the last 10 seasons and have won the Big East regular-season and tournament titles the last five seasons.
The Human Rights Campaign, a leading gay and lesbian political organization, protested the action by Mr. Perot's company, Perot Systems Inc., as a slap at homosexuals.
Sometimes when it's Christmas, you're in a giving mood.
Tuesdays through Fridays at 8 P.M.; Saturdays at 3 and 8 P.M.; Sundays at 3 and 7 P.M. Tickets: $45 to $47.50.
It was an eventful game for Hundley, who also had two singles, scored a run, was caught stealing on a botched hit and run and could have gunned a runner out at second if Carlos Baerga had applied a quicker tag.
No punishment is recorded for the fourth, whose father is among townsmen invesitgating the charges.
I was just trying to make sure it didn't escalate.
The White House has already begun preparing for Judge Durham's formal nomination, asking the Federal Bureau of Investigation to complete a routine background check on her.
5KANSAS STATE 2-0 Kansas State has beaten Indiana State by 66-0 and Northern Illinois by 73-7.
These twin reversals alone would cut two to three percentage points from economic growth, said Yukon Huang, Beijing representative of the World Bank.
Anchored by tree-trunk legs, he strides forward a little, but never so much that he looks foolish if he misses -- and like all sluggers, he misses most of the time.
Mr. Wang also charged that Computer Sciences had tried to fend off the hostile bid by raising issues with ''racist overtones.''
A study being published on Thursday in The New England Journal of Medicine reports that laboratories around the nation are finding a greatly increased incidence of resistant salmonella when the bacteria are tested for resistance to five common antibiotics.
Because the schools examined had to have several years' worth of graduation data, most of the dozens of alternative academies founded since 1993 were excluded.
The show, he said, ''could be kind of grim'' if that was all it was about.
Summerhill's 1996 ehrenfelser (a dessert wine) made from a German grape of the same name, was sweet and full of peachy aromas.
''But you have to say that things are better than they were a month ago,'' said Steve Radelet, an economist with lengthy experience in Indonesia who now works at the Institute for International Development at Harvard.
Many politicians say Ms. Ferraro's real legacy was not legislation but politics.
In a speech to 500 developers, investment bankers, brokers and corporate executives, Mr. Roth raised eyebrows by declaring that Mr. Mendik, then Vornado's co-chairman, had given him a lengthy vacation schedule and informed him he leaves for the Hamptons on Wednesday afternoons in the summer and returns the following Tuesday.
Nervous rebels tightened their fingers around the stocks of their weapons, and several went outside to peer at the metal glint of the aircraft as it passed in the moonlight.
This one is a small (about 4 inches wide by 5 3/4 inches deep) but thick (an inch, 455 pages) guide to the Internet; the subsidiary World Wide Web and Usenets; on-line services and Internet service providers; E-mail; history of the Internet, and much else.
She marries a fellow deal maker worth around $1.5 billion and has a career so meteoric that it propels her onto the cover of Fortune magazine, which terms her the ''toughest babe'' in business.
I'm going to say this again: I did not have sexual relations with that woman, Miss Lewinsky.
''Setting up a barter chain is a tedious and long process,'' said Mr. Shulman.
While many other athletes take part in softball games, hit golf balls or roam tennis courts, these ''boys of winter'' play ice hockey year round.
And with this ranking, the Department of Education in Washington proclaims our schools ''Schools of Excellence.''
The matchup was the last regular-season game for both teams, and Connecticut won in overtime, 75-71.
134 on East Broadway at Grand Street.
I recently asked a group of parents of top-ranked 12-year-old tennis players to identify the potential benefits of their children's participation in tennis.
player of the year award.
GHB is extolled by some as an aphrodisiac.
''When she came to me, she was on 14 medications,'' Dr. De Jonge said.
Susanne Peck leads the Charis Chamber Voices.
Now, the longleaf pine forest that he and Willie had planted is burgeoning.
One example they give is the crash of a Comair turboprop on its way to Detroit in January 1997.
DALLAS STARS -- Activated C Mike Modano from injured reserve.
Robinson, of Philadelphia, who weighed in at 133 3/4 pounds, said that was nonsense.
It was expected to crest at 31 or 32 feet at Smithville, with a new record of up to 46 feet at La Grange.
LAFORGIA-Felice, Dr. On May 29, 1998, in Naples, Italy.
So when Diana Cash, 34, applied to become a foster mother last year, case workers accepted her word and her signed, notarized statement that she had never been in trouble with the law.
They based their action on a clause in the uniform player contract that says players must ''conform to standards of good citizenship and good moral character'' and disallows ''engaging in acts of moral turpitude.''
His Arkansas classmates said he had bragged about being in gangs, but even 12-year-olds knew that a white boy in Arkansas bragging about being a member of the Crips or Bloods, big-city street gangs mostly made up of black youths, was far-fetched.
Popular hangouts include Carlos 'n Charlie's on Melgar near the municipal pier, and Karen's Grill and Pizza on Avenida 5.
The ''Ring,'' though conceived over three decades on the grandest scale, is nevertheless the most tightly unified of theatrical creations.
He works a 3-to-11 P.M. shift and cares for his son Joshua, 4, and daughter, Moriah, 3, while his wife, Debora, 29, works as an office manager from 6:30 A.M. to 1:30 P.M. ''All I do is watch the kids and work,'' Mr. Morgan said.
Still, it was relatively painless to attend, and even the most serious new-media executive could leave with at least one solid contact to make it worth his or her while.
Technology shares, however, faltered amid new alerts about quarterly earnings.
The entire Kol Ami community expresses profound sorrow at the sudden passing of our congregant Jerry Howard, cherished husband of our beloved Cantor, Annie BornsteinHoward.
But until this week, he held his tongue.
The block where the killings took place is a cul-de-sac of five houses, a place where the scent of garbage from the nearby landfill never quite wafts away.
Several companies offer these services under a bewildering variety of labels.
In addition to external monetary forces, he said, Indonesia's hardships are the result of ''our own internal weaknesses,'' though he did not elaborate.
He wails ''Gaaaas,'' summoning the building's residents.
The consultants did not look at whether those plans allow employees to get more than a 15 percent discount.
The Latin teen-age sensation Menudo has churned through some 30 members over two decades years without losing any resplendence.
Tibet is not an area studied by the authors, but they remark in a footnote that the problem of torture in Tibetan prisons is well documented.
One day earlier this year, Marcos Toal, 17, who had been caught within seconds of sliding under the fence, was in the ''cage'' waiting to be taken back across the border.
As the junior partner, Dr. Steven Mehl, 44, took over the practice, law enforcement officials said, he discovered what he believed were financial irregularities, so he made a series of angry phone calls to Florida threatening to stop payments on the practice.
Paced by gains from Intel and Cisco Systems, among others, the Nasdaq composite index rose 4.6 percent.
Tranquillity fills the leveled, shady park that leads to the pool.
Monmouth and Ocean counties have been identified as being underserved by higher education, said Peter Birnam, Brookdale Community College president.
''Forty-two inches isn't that excessive.
This points up a problem in the State of the City speech yesterday by the New York City Council Speaker, Peter Vallone, who plans to run against Mr. Pataki.
Or head into town and meet some Marines.
Mr. Annan, who returned this afternoon from an aborted trip to North Africa, will not meet the Security Council until Friday.
Samuelsson's teammate, Aleksei Kovalev, the Russian right wing, wasn't so sure it will happen.
has set a record for truck sales, pushing G.M.
''But I live in it, and I know.
At a time when art and politics were often seen as an either-or choice, Mr. Baranik defended painting's sovereignty against those who thought it was dead or irrelevant and argued for its social role against those who thought it should remain above the political fray.
''If a customer wants remanufactured cartridges, we're best off meeting the need ourselves,'' said William R. Duffy, Lexmark's vice president for worldwide supplies marketing.
The archbishop said that the commission had decided to delete the references to Mr. de Klerk from the 3,500-page report with ''great reluctance,'' but said that the commission needed time to prepare to fight the legal challenge.
''DER KUHHANDEL'' -- If it's Kurt Weill ''opera,'' it must be ''Threepenny,'' right?
''We just sort of did them out of corporate.
We're not breaking the law.''
McManus has plenty of stocking up to do.
Any activity that might cause environmental damage to the island's rare flora and fauna is prohibited.
One way to talk on line is to enter a chat room, or forum, by following the directions at America Online or Microsoft Networks to one of their chat rooms or by logging on directly to a chat site on a Web page like Big Star's or the one offered by Ivillage: The Women's Network.
''The Chinese gave Pakistan a tested design using highly enriched uranium,'' he said, adding, ''The Pakistanis then went on the world market and bought the components to fit the design'' from companies in countries including the United States, Belgium, Canada, France, Germany, Norway, Sweden and Switzerland.
''They make no attempt to recreate the table exactly,'' said Mr. Hirschfeld, 95, who pointed out the spot in the room where he used to dine with Dorothy Parker, Charles MacArthur and Robert Benchley.
My generation, the Baby Boomers, worked 80 hours a week, and it was ridiculous.
Yonkers officials have objected to building the plant at the defunct Yonkers Raceway, preferring housing and other development.
Both drove away without buckling up.
Curiously, the turning point came in 1909, when James was invited by the widow of Lord Byron's grandson to examine family archives that might throw light on the poet's alleged incest with Miss Leigh.
Three weeks ago, Mr. Greenberg, who is widely known as Hank, matched Mr. Silverman's offer.
In celebrating Earth Day on April 22, Vice President Al Gore directed all Federal agencies to re-emphasize the Administration's policy, saying that ''there have been strong expressions of concern from community leaders that our efforts to date have not been sufficient.''
The Essential Cinema series is free for members.
''Those guys are well mannered, well bred.''
''I've had one good outing, one bad outing.
But previous research suggests that whether someone reports being happy is surprisingly independent of factors like income, age and level of education.
Mahrukh Tarapor, the museum's associate director, arranged the deal directly with the Moroccan King, Hassan II.
An airlift involving more than 70 helicopters started on Saturday, when the skies cleared after 10 days.
''The average claims per person go up.
Mondays, Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays at 8 P.M.; Wednesdays and Saturdays at 2 and 8 P.M. Tickets: $15 to $75.
He returned to Zaire to set up a gem business and did deals, he said, for Mobutu Sese Seko, the country's dictator, who was overthrown last year.
The security organization has its roots in the efforts during the 1970's to defuse tensions between the East and the West.
But its identity as a protest instrument remained intact, well after the instrument had shed its violent past.
In a move to help their bench, the Braves got first baseman Greg Colbrunn from the Colorado Rockies for two minor league pitchers.
That being so, the arrival of ''Native Paths: American Indian Art From the Collection of Charles and Valerie Diker,'' an exhibition of choice objects now in private hands, is a real blessing.
Not surprisingly, Foley's favorite target was Keyshawn Johnson.
After two decades in which period instrument bands fought to be the first on the market playing the standard Classical and Romantic repertory on gut strings, wood flutes, valveless horns and antique reeds, installments of David Zinman's new Beethoven cycle with the Tonhalle Orchestra of Zurich bear the startling label: ''World Premiere Recording on Modern Instruments According to New Barenreiter Edition.''
The firm stumbled in trying to expand overnight into a national distributor, and Marvel later dismantled the venture.
For five years he has been building geothermal power plants for Indonesia, digging deep under the islands to find steam that can be used to turn electric turbines.
But no soccer, Mattson was saying -- no twice-a-week horsing around with my beloved team, a boisterous collection of middle-aged men and women whose good humor quite exceeds our level of discernible skill.
What, in heaven's name, is to become of the dearly beloved book borrower?
''The Department of Corrections must be given leeway to perform the difficult tasks with which it has been entrusted,'' Ms. Campbell said.
The victims, including 4 pregnant women and 18 children, favored the Zapatistas, although they were not part of their organization.
Many use walkers or wheelchairs that are in sharp contrast to the baby carriages and tricycles of young families.
''Regrettably,'' said Representative Michael P. Forbes, a New York Republican, who made his mind up to impeach on Wednesday, ''there was an arrogance coming out of the White House that this was slam dunk over.''
Ivan, who went from Collegiate to Harvard, graduated magna cum laude in three years, in part to prove something.
Your strength and sense of purpose will be sorely missed.
We fished again that evening, competing for good spots with tired golfers.
Opponents say the proposal will not offer permanent housing and will warehouse the tenants in modules that are cell-like, whatever their inventiveness.
''I've survived open-heart surgery,'' he said.
After she became the wife of the minister's son, she adopted a son born to another of Mr.
But one White House aide said it was unlikely that Mr. Clinton would have said anything today on the unraveling situation in Russia in any case, for fear of roiling financial markets and adding to the instability in Moscow.
Jayson Williams was tired, feeling the effects of the 11-day road trip the Nets had just returned from, and anticipating the hectic schedule that he will be carried through as the unofficial goodwill ambassador of the National Basketball Association's All-Star Weekend.
Had its premiere right here!''
The plan is to follow all the plots for several years and record the abundance of each species through time.
Signs on the former Atlas paper recycling plant on Greenwich Street in lower Manhattan suggest that a caller might find the property available for sale or lease.
Talks between the airline and the pilots broke down on Sunday night after management refused to retract its decision to reduce pilots' flying hours by 15 hours a month and cut salaries.
MICRO MACHINES V3 is to video games what ''Toy Story'' was to the silver screen.
The Royal Crown Revue, a swing-style band that slips socially conscious lyrics into its jivey tunes, opens the show.
Before he knows it she's peeling off those wet clothes, and he's easing into hot water he'd be better off avoiding, like how to deal with her crazed father (Robert Duvall).
The Board of Correction has clashed repeatedly with the hospitals corporation and St. Barnabas over the quality of care under the three-year, $345 million contract -- the largest prison health care contract in the country.
Biggio recalled one instance in particular in which he thought he would be out at first.
To the Editor: Your June 24 Kalisz Journal on a school playground in Poland that was once a Jewish cemetery says that the World Council of Orthodox Jewish Communities suggests that ''perhaps even the school,'' as well as the playground, be moved.
While he hired Jackson, Krause also believes that after a certain time, a general manager and a coach may tire of each other, as, has been said, Jerry West and Pat Riley did with the Lakers, thereby compelling a change.
Faced with a growing number of accusers who threatened to destroy his sterling career, Sergeant Major McKinney fought back strenuously, arguing that high-level officers charged with similar offenses were allowed to retire quietly without prosecution or penalty.
We mourn the loss of our esteemed member and extend heartfelt condolences to her family.
On May 31, he was 6-5 with a 4.88 e.r.a.
When she died, in 1945, Wallydore Eschenbach, a childless cousin of his mother, found him in a refugee camp and adopted him.
''In 1999, the program will focus on public utilities,'' such as ''state-owned companies in the electrical sector,'' the accord stated, but also including such highly attractive entities as Banespa, the former bank of Sao Paulo state that is now in federal hands.
An official with the Administration for Children's services said that the children had been placed in the home by a contract agency.
's Opel Vectra, the 9-5 is a new car, and a pure Saab, from the ground up.
So it isn't surprising that when they moved to Long Island in 1954 to be closer to Mr. Barbash's career as a developer and contractor, music would help determine the location.
And then the evening turned on a freakish hit in the sixth.
''It evokes all kinds of emotions,'' he said.
Scientists have obtained an atom-level picture, reconstructed by computer from X-ray data, of the first contact made between an AIDS virus and the human cell it infects.
West, who scored 15 points on 5-for-8 shooting from 3-point range, was buried under a pile of celebrating Mountaineers.
Only then did the City Bar respond, arguing that she lacked ''judicial temperament,'' Mr. Kolb said.
''The department's official story was that contamination stopped a few feet beneath the tanks, and even when they got samples from the bore holes drilled near the tanks that showed contamination at much deeper levels, they argued that the contamination could have been pushed down by the drilling,'' he said.
After Purdue's long snapper, Andy Standifer, twice sent the ball over punter Dan Rogers's head -- the second time in the third quarter, when the Wildcats recovered for a touchdown and to narrow the deficit to 17-13 -- Bishop and fullback Brian Goolsby muffed an exchange in their own end zone.
If nothing else, whatever happens to the book, it could become a trivia-question answer.
And Assemblyman Roberto Ramirez, the chairman of the Bronx Democratic Party organization, said, ''There is no question that there is a focus and concentrated effort to challenge ballots in the minority community,'' adding that the Vacco campaign had crossed the line ''that separates having an accurate and fair counting of ballots and an abuse of the law in order to delay the outcome.''
He was dramatizing the game, but always in control.
He intends to tour New York City with his three children, an opportunity for them to see Ellis Island and the Statue of Liberty, and then he and Jennifer Brosius, his wife, will turn the kids over to a baby sitter for a few hours and go to a Broadway show.
''That's what we did for years,'' Mr. Hinkle said.
(Juliet, for example, is betrothed to the hotheaded Tybalt when she falls in love with Romeo.)
The province, which has been ruled directly from London since 1972, has 900,000 Protestants and 650,000 Catholics.
The pop-culture recycling machine has already disinterred the goofier looks of the 70's; why not the most ultra-fabulous one?
A1 Stocks' Slide Steepens The meltdown in stocks expanded on growing concern about financial turmoil and possible recession.
''It doesn't seem high to me,'' Mr. Ginsburg said of the number of visits, for which Ms. Lewinsky was usually cleared by the President's secretary.
''We couldn't find anyone with the right vibe,'' he said.
A crisis arose in the mid-1950's for Mr. Dickerman and other conservationists when the Federal Bureau of Reclamation announced a plan to build a dam in Echo Park in the Dinosaur National Monument on the Utah-Colorado border.
And I gave them up, cold turkey.
The company said cost reduction programs and voluntary attrition in the labor force helped offset expenses resulting from a shutdown at the Indian Point 2 nuclear plant and start-up costs associated with non-utility subsidiaries.
''I don't think I could ever go through this again,'' he said.
When all the potatoes are in the saucepan, bring the milk to a simmer.
A8 Secretary General Kofi Annan canceled a trip to the Middle East in order to remain at United Nations headquarters to help work toward a diplomatic end to the confrontation with Iraq.
He's got such a calm about him.''
Over all, Honda's share of the United States auto market is 8.1 percent.
This season the injuries have stayed away and big victories have followed.
You know how some people talk the talk but don't walk the walk?
State officials were urging Mr. Silverstein yesterday to reconsider.
Sometimes the behavior is very discreet.
Galleries, unless otherwise noted, are in Manhattan and are open Tuesdays through Saturdays from 10 or 11 A.M. to 5 or 6 P.M.; gallery admission is free.
It's bad for us too.
Services were held March 26 in Great Neck with interment in Atlanta, GA.
Fridays and Saturdays at 8 P.M. Tickets: $18.
The glorification of the Big Hit by television networks and periodicals only fans the flame and encourages younger players to strive to make the hits that will be featured on ''SportsCenter.''
School District and volunteer with the former Track & Field Organization of AAU.
He published his memoirs, ''A Kentish Lad,'' three months ago.
And I don't like it.
in 1992 to restrict the salaries of certain assistant coaches to $12,000 for an academic year had stifled competition and deprived them of fair market wages.
But naming Mr. Hussein a war criminal would complicate negotiating with him.
''If we can demonstrate that we can help the good guys,'' he said, ''then there is hope.''
In establishing its first video courtroom, New York State is well behind other states, according to experts on the subject.
''Baseketball'' is at its looniest when it is content to be a scattershot blitz of gags, jokes and insults puncturing the pretensions of sports stars, sportscasters and fans alike.
For five years, the Taj Mahal has posted the highest gambling revenues in Atlantic City, averaging up to $2 million a day.
(+) 2 71 DON'T SWEAT THE SMALL STUFF .
In March, EMI Music completed its $125 million purchase of the label.
Wednesdays through Fridays, 2:30 P.M.; Saturdays and Sundays, 1 and 3 P.M. ''Weather Machine,'' an investigation of the storms of Earth and the whirlwinds of Jupiter.
For a welfare recipient with a history of working, the monthly plan might involve daily attendance at a job-search center in downtown Chicago.
Besides Yuri D. Maslyukov, a Communist appointed as First Deputy Prime Minister in charge of economic policy, Mr. Primakov has enlisted Vadim Gustov, a Communist and Governor of the Leningrad region around St. Petersburg, as his second top lieutenant.
THEY are opening Yankee Stadium again tonight, which should produce surging emotions in all Yankee fans.
In a tape-recorded message played for recruits and cited in the United States Attorney's case, Mr. Groeschel said: ''It tells us in Second Corinthians that it is God's will that we become rich, in order that we might be generous, that God might receive the praise.''
The review is published by the Independent Institute, a nonprofit research organization in Oakland, Calif., that advocates free markets and less economic control by governments.
Doubles with private bath are about $82 a night, including breakfast.
The game progresses at a fast pace, keeping the child involved and interested.
It was really exciting, said Hetherington, who won twice on the European tour in 1995.
Family members have helped, and Ms. Rodriguez only shrugs when asked how much harder life is.
From Cuba, Luciano approved the execution of Bugsy Siegel for looting the syndicate's money building the Flamingo Hotel in Las Vegas.
I believe he knew he was losing the fight against nonviolence and realized the terrible toll that violence would take on the black community, and the ways in which it would undermine the fight for civil rights.
Memorial service in Cold Spring Harbor, 72 Shore Rd., April 19 at noon.
''Yeah, it means a lot to me,'' he said.
At least I look better on the court, I say to myself.
Moreover, some were White House interns, who could continue working because they were not paid.
Mr. Giuliani is then scheduled to fly to San Francisco to meet the co-chairman of the Republican National Committee, James Nicholson, and stump for the party's candidate for United States Senate, Matt Fong.
After losing at home to Blackburn on Dec. 13, Arsenal put together a run of 15 victories and 3 ties to overtake Manchester United, outscoring the opposition by 36-7 and amassing 48 of a possible 54 points.
Mr. Clinton's aides, who had implored Mr. Lieberman to cancel or postpone his planned remarks, would perhaps be surprised to hear the view of John P. Burnham, a retired curator of Yale's numismatics collection, that the address was ''an easy shot'' that could have been orchestrated by the White House.
To the Editor: In ''Charting the Globe on a Cocktail Napkin'' (Aug. 30), William Grimes wrote that ''the right drink takes you somewhere.''
''I think that what the Governor did here was responsible,'' Mr. Giuliani said at a news conference.
Each year about 30 percent of the sweet cherry crop is exported, mostly to Japan, Taiwan and Hong Kong.
Exclusion of Sinn Fein would disrupt the peace talks, but not necessarily scuttle them.
Results are what matter to him.
But Mr. Linder acknowledges, ''We've got to energize the base.
Meskerem's injera is glorious, with a light, fresh sourdough aroma rising from the bubbly brown bread.
As in ''Living in Oblivion,'' it's clear that the filmmaker truly knows his terrain.
Those encounters are made memorable because the hospitality of complete strangers means so much far from home.
CIBC Wood Gundy Oppenheimer & Co. Philadelphia Suburban Corp., Bryn Mawr, Pa., 1.1 million shares.
He was a veteran who served his country.
Fervent feminist, founder of a children's aid group, Eleanor is dazzlingly bright and doesn't care who's burned by her glare.
The man was described as a black man with a large tattoo of an AK-47 assault rifle on his stomach and a pencil thin mustache.
Iranian officials said Mr. Sharif died of a heart attack but dissidents are skeptical.
*Establishing a state investigation unit to conduct random audits.
The description was irresistible (who writes those things, anyway?
Mr. DeLuca said that farms converted to golf courses could not be farmed again.
Susan knows because Jimmy told her so.
This portrait has emerged from interviews with a score of staff members and officials both inside and outside the White House.
(788) Mr. Jordan testified that the President ''was aware that people were trying to get jobs for her, that Podesta was trying to help her, that Bill Richardson was trying to help her, but that she really wanted to work in the private sector.''
It celebrates the month in which God revealed the Koran, Islam's holy book, to the prophet Mohammed some 1,400 years ago.
(He prefers to keep the results to himself.)
Several calves have been born that were cloned from fetal cells, but this is considered easier than cloning from cells of an adult.
As a prominent academic in the years after General Pinochet took power in 1973, Mr. Arriagada churned out critical studies of the military and its rule.
Retailers and fast-food concerns could be helped if Mr. Clinton's plan to raise the minimum wage is undone by scandal.
Conversations with the Vietnamese would require interpreters and the final rigorous days of riding would lead to a ceremony at the My Lai Memorial.
A: A syndicate of local businessmen, headed by George L. Stivers, a Charlton Street physician, put up this unusual building in 1922, designed by the architect Hector O. Hamilton.
Though the motto of the jubilee is ''Together With Pride, Together in Hope,'' the Labor Party has complained that its dominant role in the early decades of the state is being played down, and that its leaders were not invited to some events.
According to court documents, Mr. Duker's legal justification for the lopsided apportionment was that there was no official profit-sharing contract, only a one-page attachment to the union contract.
''The American public and media were happy with the trip.''
(Their favorite flowered teapot is stolen, but on the bright side a bit of insurance fraud lets them trade up to a big-screen television with Surroundsound.)
A Tour of Hurricane Damage Lurking in the back of the room at the fund-raiser were Police Commissioner Howard Safir and Jerome M. Hauer, the director of the Mayor's Office of Emergency Management, who will accompany Mr. Giuliani on Saturday to the Dominican Republic and Puerto Rico, where they will meet politicians and survey the damage caused by Hurricane Georges.
I E-mailed back to her.
''I didn't know they were completely out of money.''
Saturday at 8 P.M. Tickets: $28.50.
Ways to improve one's life physically and mentally.
Municipalities and individuals could renegotiate contracts with trash haulers to save money in the state's newly deregulated solid-waste industry under one of several bills approved by the Assembly yesterday.
Slowly, you lift your head and gaze languidly up at .
But after exchange officers put on an elaborate protest and threatened to move the exchange to New Jersey, Mayor O'Brien abandoned his sales tax idea.
But no one is surprised by the theater's demise.
The left-hander, unhappy since the Mariners indicated last year that his contract wouldn't be renewed beyond this season, struck out 10 and walked two.
's projected costs were too high, Richard Pound, an I.O.C.
This is all a dream come true.''
19 ab ab 20 Ra8 Ra8 21 ed Qd5 with good results.
As planned, though, they couldn't see out the window from their seats.
The top magazine editors may not have gone downtown themselves, but representatives of their publications and of major stores like Saks Fifth Avenue, Neiman Marcus, Bloomingdale's and Henri Bendel searched the Off Seventh Avenue shows for new talent.
There is indeed a zany, ''Front Page'' quality that keeps you wondering what -- or who -- the Hildy Johnsons of today are going to pull out of their rolltop desks next.
Buck Rodgers leads with 520.
Mr. Leonhart's ''Customs'' is the complaint of an explorer detained in customs with his menagerie.
Yuri Nazarov was not so philosophical.
My grandfather would have simply heated the kernels in butter and heavy cream; I update this old-fashioned dish with an East Indian mixture of coconut cream flavored with cumin and fresh ginger.
For all its commitment to tradition, WQEW (with the exception of Mr. Schwartz's 25 hours a week on the air) generally took the low and easy road in its programming.
Indeed, the circumstantial evidence tends to support the notion that Singer was less than enthusiastic about that particular book.
House and Senate negotiators agreed today on a final bill to provide tax breaks to parents who save for elementary and secondary school costs, including private school tuition, a proposal that President Clinton has threatened to veto.
In addition, he said, some of the facilitators, who are paid for each child they produce, ''are more anxious to place the kids than they are to give you good information and truthful answers.''
''This was a very narrow restructuring announcement and didn't get to some of the more meaningful issues like credit quality,'' said Judah Kraushaar, an analyst with Merrill Lynch & Company.
That may be part of Duncan's success, the notion that he is oblivious to the attention and the pressure.
July 18, 1994 You were an original-there will never be another like you.
Avid dog lovers are a breed in themselves.
Democratization and the forces of global capitalism were inside the bubble, rarefied and faintly preposterous.
He said Ellerbe had operated ''under the most intense kind of pressure'' this season because he was ''trying to win games and at the same time trying to show that you can do the job.''
But GIB as South bid a strange one no-trump and faced the lead of the club queen.
''Paul Robeson: A Political Portrait, 1948-1959,'' more than 40 photographs focusing on Mr. Robeson's political work, and ''From These Roots,'' an exhibition chronicling Robeson's life.
Singapore, Malaysia and the Philippines have already voiced their concern.
Despite what fans and critics believe, there is no one, true version of an opera.
Kathy called Effective yet again, and they responded to the desperation in her voice.
We're giving instructions to the city manager, and the city manager follows these instructions.''
administrator at the company's headquarters in Armonk, N.Y., paid $7,475 for a Plains ceremonial club that the Fort Peck Assiniboine and Sioux Tribes of Montana had asked be withdrawn from auction.
''There were lots of discussions about 'Should we align with the Spice Girls?'
Two often neglected groups that this site serves are junior and senior players.
The opening attractions, appearing through Feb. 14 at 9 P.M. Tuesday through Thursday and at 9 and 11 on Friday and Saturday at 9, are the vocalists K. T. Sullivan and Jeff Harnar.
The first issue stems from a difficulty inherent in combining the books of two companies that have different fiscal years.
He was a creative, generous teacher and leader, whose legacy will live on through his many innovative contributions to the Einstein community.
Friends may call at the Stroyan Funeral Home, 405 W. Harford St, Milford, PA, on Monday, December 21, 1998, from 5:30 to 7:30 PM.
Raising them usually slows the economy in a more or less predictable way.
To the Editor: Re ''Role of U.S.
After the first yellow flag on Lap 125, the race restarted on Lap 130 with the leaders part of a 31-car draft.
Waiting a decade or two to act, of course, would drastically increase the cost of the fix.
Mondays through Saturdays at 8 P.M.; with 2 P.M. matinees Wednesdays and Saturdays.
The restoration should be complete, including repairing the clock with its figures of St. George killing the dragon, top right, the next year.
The Buckeyes have 18 starters back, and the Wolverines have 17 from a national co-championship team.
However, the book is less a rousing portrait of a generation than a retread.
In the hasty effort to confer some dignity on the departed, family members entered the shed and tried to wash the faces of brothers, fathers and children.
There are Coty's green-tea bath crystals and shower gel in its Healing Garden line; Avon's Stress Shield Serum, a skin revitalizer-moisturizer; Clinique's Weather Everything S.P.F.
''The only reason the jitneys could get those contracts was that they had a strong association that backed political candidates and knew how to make deals,'' Mr. Pappas said.
She offered to send each of her brother's seven children to college, and four of them took her up on it.
The ever-present, fun-loving, twinkle in his eye showed three youngsters that giving joy to others is very much a part of one's life.
Shares in Endesa dropped 170 pesetas, or 5 percent, to 3,275.
Confidential,'' Jerry Goldsmith ''Titanic,'' James Horner ORIGINAL SONG ''Go The Distance'' from ''Hercules,'' Alan Menken and David Zippel ''How Do I Live'' from ''Con Air,'' Diane Warren ''Journey To the Past'' from ''Anastasia,'' Stephen Flaherty and Lynn Ahrens ''Miss Misery'' from ''Good Will Hunting,'' Elliott Smith ''My Heart Will Go On'' from ''Titanic,'' James Horner and Will Jennings COSTUME ''Amistad'' ''Kundun'' ''Oscar And Lucinda'' ''Titanic'' ''The Wings of the Dove'' DOCUMENTARY FEATURE ''Ayn Rand: A Sense of Life'' ''Colors Straight Up'' ''4 Little Girls'' ''The Long Way Home'' ''Waco: The Rules of Engagement'' DOCUMENTARY (short subject) ''Alaska: Spirit of the Wild'' ''Amazon'' ''Daughter of the Bride'' ''Still Kicking: The Fabulous Palm Springs Follies'' ''A Story of Healing'' FILM EDITING ''Air Force One'' ''As Good as It Gets'' ''Good Will Hunting'' ''L.A.
One example cited with an obviously negative connotation was that of a 7.5-acre area with a historic home on it to a local businessman, the founder of Renaissance Technologies, James Simons, my father.
More like a week in high school, maybe.
The petitions are still coming to Capitol Hill, as do tens of thousands of E-mail messages and faxes, because many callers cannot get through the overloaded Capitol switchboard.
TAP allows smoking on its trans-Atlantic flights.
AS if to make sure we do not underrate the best-ever greatness from the good old days, the last player to hit .400 showed up here hours after the Yankees' Broadway parade Friday afternoon to honor an old pin-striped catcher who won more than a handful of World Series rings, and apparently never wanted his fiercest rivals to forget it.
''I was not really a member, but I was allowed to go.
As it turns out, Vacca was impressed.
Mr. Pally said it helped snare the Empire State Games to be held next July.
For the week, the Dow lost 400.61 points, or 4.3 percent, from last Friday's record, though it is still up 13 percent for the year.
The case was County of Sacramento v. Lewis, No.
And fast-food and take-out establishments are prohibited.''
High Point's winter sports, normally available through the end of March, shut down this week for lack of snow, although a snowfall could bring people out again.
Among the main courses are soy-glazed Chilean sea bass, roasted salmon in a mustard crust over savoy cabbage, and a braised lamb shank with broccoli rape, roasted tomatoes and five-bean ragout.
''We all married, and she packed her bags and went to New York.
And Windows machines are cheaper.
On Monday, Senator Chlouber withdrew his bill, saying he didn't want to force his colleagues to confront such a hot-button measure in an election year.
Mr. Melo used his lovely, if not very big, voice in a cultivated manner, and Mr. Fath vividly portrayed his character's amiable cynicism.
May they, their wonderful spouses, grandchildren and their families find consolation in Jerusalem.
Olerud is 11 for his last 12, raising his average to .352, which puts him behind only Colorado's Larry Walker, who started the day at .357. .
They -- Q: So -- A: And so I -- and since she didn't know Paula Jones and knew nothing about sexual harassment, and certainly had no experience with that, I, I clearly understood why she didn't want to be a part of it.
After reviewing the Tuxedo Reserve brochures and press releases, Tony Hiss, whose book ''The Experience of Place'' explores the ways communities are coping with urban sprawl, said the developers' stated goals -- to bring jobs and businesses, to increase the tax base and to improve the quality of life -- ''generated a lot of questions.''
A preliminary issue the Justices must decide before they can reach the merits of the case is whether the individuals had the standing to sue the Federal agency in the first place.
Detroit musician, Golden Gloves medalist, Ford Motor Company administrator.
In prosperous Moscow, two Western-style supermarkets stocking both Russian and European brands opened last month alone.
9 8 7 A NIGHT WITHOUT ARMOR, by Jewel Kilcher.
Digging up the mystical roots of klezmer music with the shovel of expressionist jazz, Mr. Statman unearths the soul of Jewish music on this surprisingly sedate, melodic and evocative disk.
When do I have time for myself?''
From a prosecutor's vantage point, the defense ''spin'' can be harmful.
To the arbitrator's credit, he did uphold the commissioner's power to make similar rulings.
Services Thursday, noon, at Beth David Cemetery in Hollywood, Florida.
But the small company kept having problems getting beyond research and bringing products to market.
Under Mr. Hill, the district council's membership was largely passive, except in a few of the locals, most notably the hospital workers' local, which has repeatedly demonstrated against the Mayor's plans to privatize or close city hospitals.
Q. Mr. President, Gen. Barry McCaffrey is in the midst of controversy over the needle-exchange program as well as a personality conflict.
Although this was the 18th slaying this year in the 48th Precinct, there had only been seven there by this time last year, and there were just 14 in all of 1997, Detective Samuel said, For the city as a whole, the the murder rate continues to decline: until yesterday, there were 409 homicides this year but 519 at this point last year, a 21 percent drop.
Joseph Njoroge, an employee in the water department, was at the end of a two-block-long line outside the Kenya Commercial Bank.
Of particular concern to members of the subcommittee, who echoed similar themes whether they spoke for the economic task force, the environmental task force or the maintenance and expansion task force, was the impact on Kensico Reservoir.
One reason legislators have been slow to act on the homestead exemption is that no one is willing to tangle with politicians and doctors' lobbies from Florida or Texas, who have traditionally defended state policies.
For workers, Mr. Clinton proposes an increase in the minimum wage, without specifying the amount.
Lectures, therefore, are painful at times.''
He wasn't anxious to disagree with a colleague, but his intent was to look at the play and analyze it as an umpire would.''
Inside, several dozen people had gathered near cameras under an awning in deep left field.
Conscientious About Americans Police corruption is widely acknowledged to be far more prevalent in Mexico than in the United States.
And you might catch a glimpse of Mme.
''My speciality is acquiring and putting things together,'' Mr. Jordan said.
When pressed, he allowed that he might be masquerading as an actor by the name Munro Bonnell.
Hundreds of billions of dollars are needed to rescue Asia.
The highlights of that plan call for a broad tax reform that is supposed to simplify the country's byzantine system and that would reduce the overall burden by about 10 million marks, or about 1 percent, a year.
Great, but will it help me, a veteran of World War II?
Flight 800 two years ago, when the cockpit voice recorder and flight data recorder did not appear to offer any clues.
''But it would be overstating it to say the thing is on the point of collapse.''
In Mr. Drabinsky's previous show business incarnation, he founded Cineplex Odeon, the movie theater chain, beginning with an 18-theater multiplex in Toronto in 1979 and building it into an 1,800-screen empire throughout the United States and Canada.
Cut the remaining bread slices into strips about 1 1/2 inches wide.
They have pointed out that the resolution does not fix blame for the killing of Armenians and promised that it will have no effect on bilateral relations.
At the Algonquin, the Round Table may be in, but the Rose Room in which it stood is out.
Soon thereafter, Gael Greene, the restaurant critic for New York magazine, called it ''woebegone.''
Cardinals, 27-19 Kansas City (5-7) at Denver (12-0) The last time these two teams played, the Chiefs lost their composure on the Broncos' final touchdown drive and committed five personal fouls.
Michele Acuna of Saugus, Calif., a 34-year-old mother with two teen-agers who is working on a bachelor's degree from the University of Phoenix, signs on almost every day to the Hewlett Packard computer in her bedroom for a communications course.
The other two cents would generate $84 million a year for an annual fund of $170 million to help buy and preserve one million acres of farmland and open space over the next decade.
With 35 games left in the regular season, the Knicks (26-21) are one game ahead of the Washington Wizards for the final playoff spot in the Eastern Conference.
Ciro Scalera, the executive director of the association said ''the jury is still out'' on the reasons behind the declines.
They let us look at ourselves with an acuity we'd love to recover for good.
Viewers deluged television stations with angry phone calls and threats.
Stokeen is wooded, part of a vast national reforestation project that has been particularly vigorous in Wicklow.
The contact group said it welcomed the decision by Mr. Milosevic and the Kosovo Albanian leader, Ibrahim Rugova, on Friday to begin talks on a settlement.
Another tip Dr. Singer suggested is changing the name.
This is no reflection on the actress, who has been exuding sensuality since ''Bye Bye Birdie,'' when she was 22.
Under Rehr's prodding, that figure quickly jumped to $1.5 million -- more than even the A.F.L.-C.I.O.
Fidel F. Del Valle, a former chairman of the taxi commission, said that fleet owners ''will never do that, regardless of what kind of cost they put on it, because it still isn't worth risking your entire fleet.''
One of the Republican Mayor's most ardent critics, City Councilman Fernando Fuentes, a Democrat who represents part of the city's black and Hispanic west side, warned recently: ''The Mayor is treading in dangerous waters.
Their only hope of reaching the playoffs is defeating Philadelphia on Sunday and having Arizona and Tampa Bay lose.
Nelson Leads By Two Shots Larry Nelson moved closer to the first Senior PGA Tour victory of his career with a three-under-par 69 yesterday for a two-shot lead entering the final round of the American Express Invitational in Sarasota, Fla. Nelson's 36-hole total of 12-under-par 132 put him two shots in front of J. C. Snead, who carded a 69.
Mallory is a self-educated photographer who studies his dictionary and writes letters to dead men.
Although people tend to look at it as if it were a painting, a sculpture is really a continuous series of contours, as Leonardo da Vinci first pointed out.
Grilled fresh sardines are superb, moist and briny, served with new potatoes in olive oil, while roasted mussels are combined with earthy rounds of grilled linguica sausage, a variation on the Portuguese standard of pork with clams.
I don't care what the facts are!''
Now they're starting to grapple with college tuitions and investing for retirement, and individual retirement accounts and 401K plans have been driving up the stock market.
The other defendants got fines ranging from $1,750 to $5,300.
He ended the game with six rebounds and four steals.
Although the risk of stroke is about the same for elderly blacks and whites, it is considerably higher for blacks than whites at younger ages.
I don't know if you could say that about the guy who was here last year.''
The Sweeneyites in the nation's capital, backed by a Clinton veto promise, can block Federal legislation to carry out the Supreme Court's decision to protect the individual worker.
The dispute over Dr. Wilmut's claim raises the issue of how thoroughly a researcher should replicate an important result before publishing it, and the related question of what standards of proof a journal editor should demand before accepting a paper for publication.
Mr. Zweifel said he likes items that capture the couple's personalities.
The simplest defense is always pure escapism, for if you define ''pure'' as a single-minded, unimpeded state or drive, then the need for escape is surely as pure as the need for truth or beauty.
''None'' finished third in four other Nevada primaries, some of them with half a dozen or more contenders, getting 16 percent of the vote in the Republican race for comptroller, 15 percent in the Republican race for state treasurer, 12 percent in the Democratic race for governor and 11 percent in the Republican race for lieutenant governor.
But virtually no Chinese opera star in this country can survive on performing and teaching alone.
In striking the deal with Mr. Starr, Ms. Lewinsky also turned over a navy blue dress that prosecutors have sent to the Federal Bureau of Investigation crime laboratory.
*Elitch Gardens amusement park in Denver budgets up to $5,000 for scholarships, the amount depending on length of service, and recently began helping students apply for Federal aid and student loans for which they are eligible.
''On the other hand, many black folks have said, 'Well, she's not really black.'
Mr. Lapides, 26, graduated from Colby College.
In a fractured Republican caucus struggling to define itself, he could never satisfy every ideological instinct and faction.
Could such a commission help insure equality of life for residents?
The Florida complaint said Mr. Lyons was often helped by Ms. Edwards, who was charged with racketeering in the case.
But Senate rules are so hard to change that it is unlikely these would be tinkered with in any meaningful way.
Peter J. Boyer, the evening's reporter, gives Mr. Smaltz plenty of time to make his case on behalf of himself and of the unpopular institution that is likely to be allowed to expire next year.
The independent counsel in the inquiry, Donald Smaltz, sought to keep the case intact, arguing that the jury should have the opportunity to rule on each count.
I think right now, we are mentally strong to defend what we have.
''It's one of the strangest feelings I've ever had,'' he said.
NINA BANERJEE Pittsburgh, April 13, 1998
But the fact that people are blowing the dust off old plans and figuring out ways to get them done is an indication of how sharply the market has turned in the last few years and how executive mindsets have shifted from trying to stay afloat to changing the skyline again.
Arizona held Northeast Louisiana to 205 yards in total offense last week, and its home-field advantage could decide this Pacific 10 game.
BUT in the last five years, Ocean Shores has started to boom as a trendy place for vacation and permanent homes, especially as the economy improved and employment grew in the Seattle metropolitan area at Microsoft and Boeing.
He also believes in making dinner reservations six months in advance.
COLLEGE OF NEW JERSEY The College of New Jersey and Rowan cannot escape each other.
''They will endure international sanctions.
Philadelphia Suburban, based in Bryn Mawr, Pa., provides water to a million customers in five counties.
While Mr. Vajpayee may find that signing the treaty entails significant political risks, he is also in need of accomplishments that show he can govern effectively.
Hundreds of his followers once lived on Manor Street, in buildings called ''Merciful and Mighty'' and ''Everlasting Father,'' surrounded by statues of Christ, Caterpillar tractors, sculptures of lions and mermaids with water spurting from their mouths.
JAMES NORTH New York, Jan. 20, 1998
The application for stay is accordingly denied.
Here is a great American film that's no more likely than ''Nashville'' to turn up on the American Film Institute's Top 100 hit parade (where ''Rocky'' outranks ''The Searchers'') but will linger where it matters: in the hearts and minds of viewers receptive to its epic vision.
Still, Mr. Yaacoub said philosophically: ''What will happen will happen.
It's been four years since he has done it.
In 2002, how many people will remember how this race was decided?
Mr. Hackeling, a lawyer who forged friendships with Democrats, became presiding officer in part by offering the Democrats the chairmanships of committees, as well as the post of deputy presiding officer, a largely ceremonial position.
Her father is the chief executive of the P & L Group, an executive search concern in Hicksville, N.Y.
He also told her, lawyers familiar with the proffer said, that she would not have to produce any gifts he had given her if they were not in her possession.
Spinning wittily and nattily from one vignette to the next, ''Duet'' is a delightful sendup of that wholesome staple, the boy-meets-girl story, and at the same time a bewitching spoof of the tacky Hollywood and Broadway values that make that story such a wonderfully easy target.
The defense lawyers and the prosecutors said they had found no legal authority for using that rule to prevent Mr. Kaczynski from representing himself.
Whole passages never hint that all the firepower specs and tactics concern a world that is only a game, a game that exists only on the shiny surface of a CD-ROM.
Eloise is ''a wonderful character that was in mothballs for some time, per Kay's wishes,'' Mr. Richter said.
The evening will include an open bar, a buffet and dancing, and will start at 9.
Only the show's pilot and one other episode have ever had a prime-time broadcast.
The Justice Department had sided with the news organizations but today said, ''The order is clear, and we will comply with it.''
Girardi, who often catches Pettitte, said that the left-hander's control is the best it has ever been.
That's advice not likely to be offered at your local book superstore.
My wife couldn't have been happier.
As he spoke, he jostled the doll's foot and played with her hand.
Sure, but in a dish like this, the French make it their own.
Like leaders of other gulf governments, the Saudis are cautioning that if force is used, it must severely damage Mr. Hussein and his sources of power.
''It's been a little bit of a shock to the system and that's not bad for journalists to have,'' said Robert Love, Rolling Stone's managing editor.
To attract talented, educated writers, editors and reporters, the news media should not resist self-improvement, which requires self-regulation.
''You know, Secaucus is well known for pigs and such, but before that we had fields and fields of flowers, all kinds of nurseries,'' he said.
(Fierberg has a sign asking visitors not to feed, tease or touch the animals because they bite.)
The good times around the country are particularly evident in San Francisco and its environs, where there's a hum of activity, a show of wealth and an expansiveness of spirit from the Sonoma to Silicon valley.
''Hey,'' Mr. McKernam said, chuckling, ''isn't is strange that this is how the cold war ended?
The tendrils are much slower.
Relations with the Philippines could be hurt if the country does not soon release 20 Chinese fishermen under arrest here, the Chinese Ambassador, Guan Dengming, warned in transcripts of an interview released today.
The electric chair used to be in the state prison in Trenton, which is where death row still is.
Her mother started her at 10 on local ballet lessons to broaden her horizons, but Ms. Ansanelli soon discovered she did not have the best body for ballet.
Mr. Marvin is one of a growing chorus of South Korea watchers warning that the world's 11th-largest economy could face a financial meltdown, not because of the foreign debt crisis but because of the mountain of domestic debt.
''We don't have anybody who can play like Dougie,'' Holik said.
His rare public remarks on the conflict came one day after the departure of a European mission that came here to offer assistance in ending the six-year civil war.
All the principal roles have been assumed by first-rate actors with the vocal assurance for the epic's rousing anthems.
So does a more comprehensive show called ''Louis Comfort Tiffany at the Metropolitan Museum of Art.''
But some of these changes trouble some doctors at Beth Israel.
Mr. Karmann is survived by his wife, Christiane; his son, Wilhelm Dietrich, who is a manager of the company; two daughters, Christiane and Stephanie, and eight grandchildren.
Ms. Khanna, 28, understands Indian cooking by way of her ethnicity; her training was at the French Culinary Institute.
The group today also endorsed the idea of establishing a ''bridge bank,'' and will work out the details by July 2.
''That's when they saw I was in a good situation,'' he said.
Another issue in the race is the indictment in June of Pedro Espada Jr., who was arraigned with two employees on charges that they illegally diverted $221,000 in Medicaid money to his failed 1996 re-election campaign and that of his son, Pedro Gautier Espada.
Nasir is controlled by Riek Machar, one of the former rebels who allied himself with the Government when he signed a separate peace pact with Khartoum last year.
Look who wants to do his show.
The visibility is very poor to the sides and rear.
Mr. Miller will appear twice on WNBC-TV, where he was a reporter from 1985 to 1987 (except for 13 months as the main spokesman for the New York Police Department).
Sangeet 296 Ethan Allen Highway (Route 7), Ridgefield.
Michael Dewar, age 2 1/2, was having fun as he worked the controls that sent one train over some of the 600 feet of track on the 10-by-24-foot layout.
For this reason it is essential not to compact soil around or anywhere near the base of trees.
To refute it would take many hours of work.''
What she and the masterly actress Kathleen Chalfant provide is a prose correlative.
HBO offered Holyfield $16 million for the fight.
So instead of just doing the minimal amount, the owners commissioned Richard Rice Architects for a $500,000 restoration, which included redoing the highly theatrical murals.
The two companies had been exploring a plan to offer interactive program guides for cable television.
Financial analysts and bankers say that the system will hold but that a couple of the weakest banks may be shut down, merged or absorbed by other institutions, perhaps even in the next few months.
McCARTER THEATER ''In Lava and War,'' The Princeton Triangle Club's 107th annual spring show.
Nobody feels sorry for you, so you go out and play.''
single, over six and a third innings.
Everyone else is against you, so you have to pull together.''
This work, performed by the four sterling actors who created their roles for the Druid Theater Company in Galway, Ireland, is on many levels an old-fashioned, well-made play.
William also lost cases he brought against his brothers over the distribution of a family coin collection and an income tax issue.
Anybody famous spend the night?
Her gentle grace and enthusiasm will be sorely missed.
The building is set up like a dormitory, with bunk beds and modest furnishings.
I met people like that in Northern Ireland.''
It takes months, years, sometimes generations.''
'' Corey Widmer, the middle linebacker, said: ''Every team goes through this.
This was friendly territory, after all.
Barbara Cartland has envisioned a heroine called Clarissa, a stylish, spirited resident of another century, whose penurious existence takes a sudden turn for the romantic.
THOUGH a political product of the city's mainline Democratic organization, Mr. Paterson, who is 44, says his party's inflexibility and lack of creativity have driven away vast constituencies.
And the talk rapidly grows wearisome.
Funeral services were Sunday at Congregation Berith Sholom in Troy, N.Y. Memorials may be made to the American Cancer Society or Hospice Inn at St. Peter's Hospital in care of Wenk Funeral Home, Chatham, New York 12037.
But both sides are in full spin control.
''A turnover almost always represents a substantial loss of field position.
Whether in the guise of vitamins, hormone supplements or food additives, there is apparently a synthetically engineered anabolic look-alike out there for everyone, whether the athletes are looking to raise a barbell or their tennis ranking.
But if there is a clause laying claim to your firstborn, or anything else that seems outlandish, don't worry.
Begonias, browallia and vinca belong in the seed grower's ''challenging'' class.
After the Federal Reserve rejected the idea, a trade group representing the securities industry abandoned its proposal today to create a bank holiday on Dec. 31, 1999, to help solve the year 2000 computer problem.
But other supernatural creatures are fearsome.
While the court was under construction, the often-changing image on the ad was that of Muhammad Ali.
I got this Diesel jacket in New York.
But the films were flops like ''McHale's Navy,'' ''Flipper,'' and ''That Old Feeling.''
His many published letters to newspaper editors served as a lesson to us all -''When we disagree, we should let it be known.''
Like many members of Congress, Mr. Moncrief, still a commanding presence at 78, wants the income tax abolished and replaced by a national sales tax.
They are more easily readable, yet they anticipate the layered-over images of his later work.
Small-scale breeders can also make good money, Mr.
It is round, rather flat, and has only three layers of meringue and filling.
And the aid they are considering -- about $10 billion -- is about a quarter of what was promised to Indonesia, and a fifth of what was promised to South Korea.
Under their suits, one is a cross-dresser; another, a tough guy who favors chains and pierced nipples, and the third a boyish fellow who prefers vinyl and boasts of his sexual conquests.
Others require new Congressional action that is, in some cases, uncertain at best.
His lawyers did not return calls seeking comment yesterday.
For example, he does not own the newly meshed Citigroup, because of its high foreign and credit card exposure as well as what he euphemistically called ''management risk'' -- evidenced by the departure of its former president, James E. Dimon.
It was very constructive criticism.''
This is increasingly useful in an age when casino managers worry that each new computer advance will be challenged by hackers hoping to turn it to their own ends.
SILVERADO buyers tend to be hard-working, middle-aged married men with incomes around $55,000 a year -- ''the Marlboro man of trucks,'' said Kim Kosak, assistant brand manager of marketing for the Silverado.
They've got a very good team. ''
But I can get on the No.
But in Ms. Bryant's case, at least, one thing was certain: her boss, a doctor at a clinic at Jacobi, said that losing her meant that he could not perform a scheduled pelvic exam.
The Ansari family, for example, live behind a pile of rubble that, not long ago, had been the outside of a house next to theirs.
Davenport will face ANKE HUBER, who defeated 19-year-old PATTY SCHNYDER, 7-5, 7-6 (7-2).
It came to represent the opposite of what she believed she stood for as an election official -- enfranchisement for all.
It is difficult to criticize a 15-6 team that still has the best record in the American League and has won 14 of its last 16 games, but the Yanks have started Mendoza four times and he has not produced a victory.
''It's a cornucopia of ideas and talent.''
Of those perhaps 80,000 will be from Lesotho.
Just whose definition of common sense are you talking about?
They need to know where they are supposed to go.
Another long shot, Albaha, was right on his heels, with Gentlemen and Free House next.
By the time he retired in 1993, he had been promoted to senior vice president for worldwide communications.
Ms. McCaffrey, who said she has suffered plenty from insensitive people (like those who tell her to look where she's going when she walks down the street), said the driver shouted at her.
Treatment -- and hundreds, thousands of meetings of Alcoholics or Narcotics or Cocaine Anonymous -- can temper and tame the craving.
That wonderful, classic Saddle River look, which was so understated -- well, all that is now to buyers is just a beautiful piece of land.''
Throughout the rest of the 1970's, Mr. Devlin made yearly returns to southern Africa, taking friends with him to help him get around.
''The whole experience is replayed,'' Snepsts said the other day.
The horse is made up and I'm real.''
This is a show score that should be recorded, preferably by this City Center cast.
Jessie McDole, 77, puts in a five-and-a-half-day week at her late husband's welding shop.
And for once, Mr. Loktev makes his feelings absolutely clear.
''It would be different if we had a way to transport this to Honduras,'' said Mr. Riera, a volunteer who oversees the warehouse.
He represented Fuji Securities, which was being sued by Orange County in the case before Judge Taylor.
Ralph Nader, the consumer advocate who ran for President as the Green candidate in 1996, said the outcomes in New Mexico this year and last should be a wake-up call for Democrats to field more progressive candidates.
He certainly has, to this day, acute memories of minor infantile delinquencies, and of later sins, especially the sin of anger.
he British retailer Kingfisher P.L.C.
WILDERS-Monsignor James G. The trustees and staff of the Seamen's Church Institute (SCI) note with sorrow the death on Tuesday, August 25, 1998 of former Trustee, Msgr.
She hopes this imperfection leaves her well placed for the new, possibly more compromising, Livingston team.
has not been developed for diseases whose prognosis might take a long time.''
Joseph V. Battipaglia, the chief investment strategist at Gruntal & Company and a leading bull, criticized Mr. Metz -- with whom he has sparred often -- as being overly pessimistic, particularly on oil and commodity prices in the early and mid-1990's, and on the prospects for American productivity improvements.
A6 Distress in South Korea Growing numbers of ''economic orphans,'' though still very rare, are just one symptom of the psychological distress tearing at families as South Korea's economy descends in a tailspin.
''When I went down, I was thinking the puck has to go in,'' said Lapointe, a career grinder who was again playing on the Islanders' top line with Bryan Smolinski and Trevor Linden.
''We see liberalization of telecommunications as a means to an end, rather than an end in itself,'' Mr. Woodhead said.
But as his old boss sees it, ''The direct mail wasn't good, the vendor was poor and Ralph was in transition and not focusing.''
As a result, he told the group of real estate brokers and executives, in a time of economic uncertainty caused largely by events in Asia and other overseas markets, , '' for the first time real estate's not the bad guys.''
The Seattle-based company's first step into general retailing will be a holiday gift selection starting today that will feature consumer electronics, games, toys and other items.
IOWA 77, MASSACHUSETTS 59 Tangela Smith scored 32 points, including 11 straight midway in the second half, to help No.
Mr. Giuliani said this was reason enough to keep the children in foster care.
Mr. Skolnick said that at least a half-dozen developers were interested in the same sites.
''I mean, there are far more sophisticated people she could have hired here than Johnny Chung.
The body has not been recovered.
''He was able to mobilize everybody and pull it together when it came to crunch time.''
''I am not a specialist in all that stuff, although I have some sense of markets and have tried to develop some historical perspective,'' Mr. Herzog said.
But a look at both men's roots suggests another possible prism -- a duel between Southerners, each representing competing instincts of the South, that has dragged the nation into a morally charged meltdown of sin, repentance and redemption.
It gives us time for fellowship -- there's so much negative going on in this world, and it gives us something positive getting together.''
Even 170,000 rubles was too much for one elderly woman, who refused to give her name but said as she walked away that she lived on a pension of only 1.5 million rubles a month, about $5 to $15.
Women now account for 43 percent of all H.I.V.
Mr. Williams was legendary as one of the sharpest field observers around, and his illustrated guidebooks remain a staple for serious tourists at the lodges in African game parks.
Beloved husband of the late Nancy Hallisey.
Falling prices create an expectation of future decline, which compels consumers and investors to postpone spending, setting off a self-sustaining downward spiral of production, income, spending and prices.
(O.K., there's paying taxes, but that's never mentioned in a campaign season.)
The four charges carry a maximum penalty of 40 years in prison, Mr. Corbin said.
Even if you made a mistake -- jeez, you were just talking to your friends.
Although still young, his influence on the younger generation of artists both here and abroad is unmatched.
But his name is known everywhere.
Since 1987, Avalon has spent about $8.6 million in local tax dollars to replenish its five-mile beach after storms, Harry DeButts, Avalon's public works director, said.
They stared at the scorched walls and windows of the upstairs room where the three Quinn boys -- Richard, 10, Mark, 9, and Jason, 7 -- had been sleeping when the attackers threw a flaming gasoline bomb though a downstairs window at about 4:30 A.M.
The front desk is behind glass, recalling a sleazy liquor store's checkout counter.
Only a labored Menuetto disappoints amid the tight energy of the rest.
Mr. Arnett said he would not argue that his long service under fire should save his 17-year career with the network, but rather that ''they should judge me on the totality of this story and my involvement in it.''
While the force has not yet solved any of the murders, it has developed significant leads that could soon lead to breaks in several cases, and it has brought about numerous arrests in other crimes, from attempted murder to impersonating a police officer, by winning the confidence of prostitutes on the streets of Essex County, Ms. Hurt said.
This is a very good color for our shark.''
The Expos handed Kevin Brown (17-5) just his second loss in his last 16 decisions.
The Employment Cost Index rose a mere seven-tenths of 1 percent in the first quarter, more slowly than in the previous quarter and far less than economists had expected.
The couple was claiming an income of about $40,000.
Today would have been Harry's 40th birthday.
What if Mrs. Ledgerwood should win the runoff, remote as that possibility might be?
The people involved are not specified.
in English, Magna Cum Laude and a teaching certification.
''We've wound up with a lot of ground for apartment and office projects.
''I just like him,'' said Jon Shamroe, 39, a salesman, as he gassed up his white Mercedes.
The stock soared 20 percent.
Lehman is usually one of the most accurate long-iron players in the game.
To some, the defeat of Garry Kasparov, the world chess champion, at the hands (chips?)
For the first half of this century, structural linguistics reigned as the field's dominant methodology.
The country descended into war and ethnic massacres on April 6, 1994, when a plane carrying the Rwandan President, Juvenal Habyarimana, was shot down by unknown forces as it approached the capital, Kigali.
But the transport of illegal immigrants across the Mohawk land was widely known in the reservation and surrounding territories.
The Chargers (2-0) don't have a third-string quarterback, having cut Casey Weldon before the season started.
In July 1995, for example, he noticed that an extraordinary amount of goods was being delivered to the loading docks of Sears, Roebuck stores across the country, and he figured that meant an extraordinary amount of merchandise was being carried out the front door by customers, as well.
But the Canadiens tied it at 1-1 at 10:55, also on the power play, on a goal by Scott Thornton, who put the puck past Ranger goalie Mike Richter on a rebound from close range after the Rangers failed to clear it from their zone.
For more than 50 years, Elmsford Sheet Metal Works has been engaged in the design, fabrication and installation of air-conditioning and heating ducts for use in commercial buildings.
But those famous architects released their floor plans -- not actual blueprints, some complete with electrical and plumbing diagrams.
''It used to get stiff on the bench, but it didn't get stiff yesterday after I ran the bases,'' he said.
But they have not responded since he left a message on Sunday, so Cashman is not even certain if Johnson is available.
There is a price to pay, though, for the constant dislocation.
In its fiscal 1997 year, which ended in March 1997, the Tommy Hilfiger Corporation had net sales of $661.7 million.
If he does it, Real Quiet will top off his journey from rags to riches.
In lieu of flowers if donations would like to be made in her name, please send to VIBS (Victims Information Bureau of Suffolk), a domestic violence agency where Judy was a Board member, P.O.
Rand-Whitney is based in Worcester, Mass.
-- Robert Shapiro, biochemist, New York University A.
I even blush to think of the President getting ''Vox.''
''I'm a fourth-generation safecracker,'' he said.
Loving grandfather of John Katz.
In Bucharest -- a cold, hard and desperate city, even for people with jobs and shelter -- nearly a thousand children spend their lives in the streets.
''What's funny is that they support and encourage each other as much as possible, but they're also very competitive.
And we are still suffering from that.''
Dr. Turecki told the mother: ''You can tell her to stop, but if she doesn't, don't react.
As the drug makers try to educate the public on the migraine, the competition for the market has begun to grow nasty.
They were out in kilted force, piping Mr. Ryan's coffin into and out of the church and later to his grave at a cemetery in suburban Hillside.
Mr. Rousuck sought out the best Munnings he could buy for the club.
The Islanders recalled the 6-foot-9-inch defenseman ZDENO CHARA and the enforcer STEVE WEBB.
Jennifer, we learn, was a girl who supposedly had everything.
Tonight and tomorrow night at 8:30 and 11.
Donald A. Duffy of Washington had some friends who took great delight in telling bizarre tales when ascending in crowded office-building elevators and then exiting at the first stop -- thus leaving their stories unfinished and their fellow passengers agape, spellbound and hanging in suspense.
In fact, according to newspaper reports, real estate prices have already edged upward 25 percent in Russian ruble terms, and where they will land at the time buyers sign their contracts is anybody's guess.
Judge Stanton said he had based his competency finding on his observations in court and on a psychiatrist's assessment of Mr. Koskovich during the suspect's recent 30-day stay at a state forensic psychiatric hospital in Trenton.
Devoted mother and mother-in-law of Dr. Jules and Susan Titelbaum, and Elaine Moss.
Parcells growled, contemplating Sunday's affair.
Beloved wife of the late David Bernstein.
Church, White Plains, New York.
* Tom Cotton was named to the new positions of president for global business and executive vice president and global business director for the Merrill Lynch & Co. account at J. Walter Thompson New York, a unit of WPP Group P.L.C.
''We know for sure that he will not be a hands-on President, but the general trends will be the same,'' said Alex Magno, a political scientist who in the Philippine style of non-ideological politics is advising both Mr. Estrada and his chief rival, House Speaker Jose de Venecia, who is backed by President Ramos.
But if investors think they're worth 100 times earnings, who am I to say they're only worth 86 times?''
Rg2 32 Kh1 Rf2!, starting a perpetual check draw) Qd4 32 Kh1.
The navy leather placket-front shirt and navy felt pants had enough room for a man to reach across his desk for a pencil or toward a basketball hoop to try a dunk.
But CBS would have to justify how a number deemed excessive for another network is reasonable for CBS.
During the five-game slide, Cincinnati has scored nine runs and committed eight errors, pushing its major league-leading total to 71.
''This could be a very exciting place to be over the next decade,'' he added.
There are also great columns and pillars, rare marble facing, intricately designed ceramic tiles and some of the world's most admired mosaics.
As the editor of The Atlantic Monthly, Howells was highly respected and highly respectable.
Mrs. Currie also said, according to lawyers familiar with her account, that she had retrieved a box of gifts to Ms. Lewinsky from Mr. Clinton, including a dress, a hat pin and a brooch.
''There's something deeply wrong with the American system.
A dark cave with a bunch of flying rats -- I don't think so.''
To the Editor: Whether Bill Clinton's indiscretion or Kenneth W. Starr's lack of discretion is worse or more damaging to our institutions, I cannot say (editorial, Sept. 10).
The report also says Mr. Salinas, Mr. Peralta and the other executives who supposedly joined the fund never discussed what investments they would make.
''This ruling is really a prelude to the privacy fight,'' said James X. Dempsey, a telecommunications expert at the Center for Democracy and Technology, a Washington-based privacy rights group.
She is angry at the people who assess her at auditions.
''They were excited; there was a sense that the team is going to win,'' Ventura said.
This film is not rated.
But Mr. Hardy called that ''ridiculous,'' noting that the trigger for the confrontation was an awkward episode today in which Justice Hickman anticipated an objection from Mr. Hardy on a matter involving the jury and seemed to single Mr. Hardy out, in front of jurors, as someone prone to bickering.
''They are free to pursue other employment, but they do so at their own risk.''
''Jazz musicians have a very elemental need for groups to play in and original music to play,'' said Bill Kirchner, a composer and historian of big bands.
Another report said he had received permission to answer the call of nature and had just kept on walking.
And when it came to what the critic Gary Giddins has aptly called the rhythmic midground between pop gentility and jazz swing, Sinatra had the taste, skill and clout to bring audiences there, away from a mainstream glutted with slush and treacle.
On 125th Street yesterday, few people were willing to talk openly about the fire and the theory that it was a bias crime.
PITTSBURGH PIRATES -- Purchased the contract of 1B David Kennedy from St. Paul of the Northern League and assigned him to Nashville of the PCL.
Most Indian commentators expect the days after the election results are known, possibly as early as next Tuesday, to be filled with efforts by the two main parties to round up a parliamentary majority by forming alliances with parties outside their blocs.
Both are on the minds of the nation's curators, who have assembled some of the strongest and most diverse selections of such works ever shown in this country.
Mr. Carville said the President did not appear to be angry.
Apparel stores like Gap, Talbots and Limited, which introduced their lines of spring clothing in February, have shown significant sales strength.
Ricky Ian Gordon combined ragtime and blues in his ''Desire Rag'' (1998), and overlaid high-spirited variations on a rollicking rock-and-roll figure in his ''Ring-a-Ding-Ding,'' a piano duet played by Mr. Faiman and Ms. George.
Unemployment in a country that once prided itself on finding jobs for every citizen has reached 8.2 percent, most of it concentrated in angry blue-collar ''development towns.''
To the Editor: Jimmy Carter's frustration with ''anti-biotechnology activists'' is understandable, but he presents an overly rosy view of how agriculture and drugs can be improved with genetic engineering (Op-Ed, Aug. 26).
Crossword E8 Weather A22 Public Lives D8
And that led to collecting key chains made by disabled veterans between 1942 and 1975 (when the practice was discontinued).
Developing a pacemaker was long a medical dream.
To fetch a high price on a tracking stock it planned to issue, Mr. Eidelman said, a company could tweak profits at the related subsidiary before the offering.
''That would cost half a million dollars and would be half of what I could do in a year,'' Dr. Wilmut said.
The answer was Ann Patterson, the 30-year-old Emma Thompson look-alike, who was leading the pack high above us.
''I was tearing it up!''
Martha Anne Hagen and Michael Ian Black were married yesterday by the Rev.
The winning plays were staged again last week, and the audience picked four to move on to Wednesday night's finals.
They also bring her face into focus.
They got to see who has better food.
The Rangers had already squandered four man advantages when Leetch drove past the blue line, kicked the puck back to Gretzky and streaked between the circles on another power play.
The neighborhood is graced by a popular restaurant that goes by the name Bar Sigi and serves a concoction of cognac and vanilla named after the father of psychoanalysis.
A celebratory installation of 69 Warhol-style portraits of famous gay (or supposedly gay) people by this German artist.
The world the Taliban movement imposed on the women of Afghanistan is not without its paradoxes.
The national debate over their land has startled many in Ralco, who are accustomed to a quiet life well outside the hubbub of the modern world.
''They're from the neighborhood,'' she said.
In Orange, 699 customers lost power for one to three hours Sunday because water leaked into underground equipment, said Mark Capalbo, a spokesman for Public Service Electric & Gas.
Again, there are ever so many sorts, and it is up to the individual to choose the species that best suits.
''What's more important is this is a group of people, and they decided to continue the show, and not quit, in his honor.''
HARLEY SHAIKEN, professor of industrial relations at the University of California at Berkeley, on the status of the labor union movement.
''landfills are to remain ugly and useless.
and hepatitis,'' the advertisements said.
''We tell parents if they smoke, to quit,'' he said.
Martinez (16-4) ate up Texas batters and innings alike, taking a three-hitter into theninth as Boston beat the Rangers in the opener.
Mirage Resorts Inc. in Las Vegas, Nev., said yesterday that it had named GSD& M in Austin, Tex., to handle the creative portion of its account, with billings estimated at $30 million.
They're really low and uncomfortable if you're trying to eat.''
Newpapers reporters ask that all the time, but you don't see the question, you only see the answer.
''It all boils down to punishment, deterrence and prevention,'' said Joseph Alpher, the head of the Jerusalem office of the American Jewish Committee and an expert on military affairs.
The students of Boys Town Jerusalem's Maria and Joel Finkle Torah and Technology Academy, and the school's extended worldwide family, mourn with profound sorrow the passing of its esteemed Board Member, a noble human being who personified in thought and deed the lofty values of Torah study, community service and acts of lovingkindness.
President Ernesto Samper praised Mr. Perez for having approved negotiations to establish a framework for peace talks.
But Mr. Jordan declined to play one role, that of Attorney General.
All industrialized countries face this challenge but most have put off the hard decisions, while Japan's leaders last year ignored its economic weakness and confronted the problem by raising taxes.
South Korea's unemployment rate rose to 6.7 percent in April, a record.
He completed 20 of 34 passes for 260 yards.
Marcella Fava, Chairman Dr. Thomas-Robert Ames and Dr. Paul H. Levitz, Vice-Chairmen Board of Trustees Dr. Joel M. Levy, CEO Dr. Philip H. Levy, COO YAI/National Institute for People with Disabilities NORTON-William S. With deep affection, the Norton, Naude, Waters and Schultz families honor the memory of William S. Norton who died on Sunday June 21.
In December, he auditioned for Chet Walker, a co-choreographer with Ms. Reinking of ''Fosse,'' and was signed on.
By assiduously avoiding sensitive subjects, he has cleared a path to discuss only his favorite issues, Administration initiatives that many Democrats claim have bolstered the economy and reflect voter satisfaction with Mr. Clinton's stewardship of the country.
A second editorial was titled ''The Peep-Show Presidency'' and said, ''We hate ourselves for staring, but we can't turn away.''
In uncertain times, United States Treasury securities are seen as a haven, and yesterday a surge in demand for bonds sent the yield on the bellwether 30-year Treasury to a record low of 5.58 percent.
But it will be about a week before the results of the key pathology tests are available.
There are mobile computers large and small, from no-frills travelers to big alternatives to desktop machines.
If it goes through, will the new company outperform or underperform the old one?
The Duplease family has not received any money, however, while Lexie's ''life plan'' is compiled and negotiated with the Justice Department, representing Secretary Shalala.
In describing the Mafia's gradual decline in the area, Robert T. Buccino of the New Jersey Attorney General's office said that in 1969, the apparent peak of the mob's influence, more than 200 Mafia capos and soldiers flourished in the state.
Winters are mild from October through February, with an average temperature of 80 degrees.
Although they live on opposite coasts, they are in touch by phone several times a day, Ms.
Also survived by a brother Saul.
Then her father, David Gardner, addressed the crowd at the vigil, and recalled Charise's wit, intellect and compassion.
Mr. Ramone said that at most Mr. Greene had raised his voice to Ms. McGinness, saying: ''This is settled.
She also feels more secure about her own financial future since joining a women's investment group, which she recommends to others.
The 76-year-old Reader's Digest, based in Chappaqua, has announced a redesign for the magazine's 48 editions, taking the table of contents off the cover and replacing it with photographs and enhanced graphics.
If they are present, they will greatly complicate the efforts to get a unique solution.''
''It's surrounded by performance spaces where people might want to know the time,'' he said.
Or at least that's what Hong Kong's Government feared, and given the way this global financial crisis has spread, who can say with confidence that it is wrong?
In the last four years, police departments in Palisades Park, West New York, South Hackensack and Lodi, all within about 10 miles of one another, have been subjects of similar corruption investigations by county and Federal authorities.
ROTHKO CHAPEL, with 14 paintings by Mark Rothko, 1409 Sul Ross.
A few weeks before Balanchine died on April 1, 1983, the City Ballet's board named Mr. Robbins and Peter Martins, a principal dancer in the company, as artistic directors.
''What if someone you never met, someone you never saw, someone you never knew was the only someone for you?''
If, in signing Belle, Reinsdorf had raised the scale by the same percentage, Belle would have received just under $10.2 million a year.
She said that she trusts history to recognize the value of her work.
Furniture sales tags will usually identify the upholstery as full-grain or top-grain leather.
Robin Williams, with his Humpty Dumpty grin and crinkly moist eyes dripping with empathy, is Chris Nielsen, a gifted pediatrician, doting husband and father of two, who, in a feat of metaphysical heroism, travels into the netherworld to rescue his wife and soul mate, Annie (Annabella Sciorra), from eternal damnation.
A walk through a chic midtown area that was a fashionable residential neighborhood of the early 19th century, before becoming an industrial center.
Born in Boswell, PA. he moved to Florida in 1989 from Georgia.
''He felt very strong and I felt real confident.
But, two longtime residents said, young men also come and go from prison in bunches, like seasonal harvests.
''What a lot of people, including certain New York Times columnists, seem to have trouble understanding,'' he rumbles, ''is we are a permanent independent party in the state of New York.''
The first hour is given to the shadowy, some say shady career of the movement's founder, L. Ron Hubbard, the science-fiction writer who discovered or invented or conjured up the principles and tactics, which he labeled ''Dianetics,'' and which have attracted hundreds of thousands of followers.
They adopt not one or two changes in the workplace but a battery of reforms.
Hours: Tuesdays through Sundays, 11:00 A.M. to 1 P.M. 22 Hamilton Street, Bound Brook.
To the Editor: In his welcome article on film music [''When Will Oscar Really Know the Score?,'' March 1], Ty Burr neglected to mention an important contributor: the orchestrator.
And nearly two-thirds of Americans said the Republicans were not trying to judge the accusations against Mr. Clinton fairly.
''It's not unusual to take a few years to solve one of these cases,'' said James R. Young, the Corps of Engineers park manager of DeGray Lake, ''but this one's a real mystery.''
There, an innocent from the middle of the Middle West, I had one of the first toasted bagels of my life.
Today that means that Shanghai is undergoing a boom in construction so vast that officials like to boast that nearly one-fifth of the world's cranes are at work in their city.
On May 27, 1997, the nine Justices of the Supreme Court of the United States unanimously ruled that Paula Corbin Jones could pursue her Federal civil rights actions against William Jefferson Clinton.
At the bank closing, they were giddy with joy to take over Mandalay, a house they may not bother to name.
He has to be removed, and removed very fast, for the good of the country.''
As nervous White House advisers have suggested this week, the flesh-and-blood picture of Mr. Clinton drawing fine distinctions as he is asked about sexual encounters with an intern may be more damaging than any transcript.
has hired 513 people in West Virginia to handle its share of the work.
One tune used a reggae bass line as an organizational device.
Mr. Lindsay goes squinty-eyed at the question.
The mountain, with its 100-mile-an-hour winds, yawning crevasses and brain-numbing altitude, can catch up with either kind of person.
James Witt, director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, said: ''It is the storm surge coming behind the Keys that will have a lot of the force.
''Psychologically, economically and in every other way, it's cheap talk, people really enjoy it, and it feels safe too.
The resulting show wins her sales, fame, controversy and a second patron, who offers her still greater wealth and inspires her to further invention.
A short distance from the shore, he reached his destination: a wooden platform where he had suspended two traps the night before.
Instead, the cultural bridge was Debussy's Impressionism, which draws on a variety of devices to make its effects, including modified and expanded versions of Asian scales.
''It puts them in a more formal mind for schoolwork and class,'' she said.
To the Editor: In September I spent three weeks in Bali, reacting quite differently from P. J. McElwain of Tokyo, who wrote on Nov. 8 expressing disappointment in the destination.
rates are lower in Asia, Eastern Europe and South America.
''If this happens to you someday, you'll bloody know what it's like,'' he said.
A few minutes later a serene-looking young woman named Andrea Montes arrives.
Now the cycle has turned.
On March 7, 1917, the new provisional Government ordered the arrest of Nicholas II and his wife.
But when a teacher asked her to join an elevated class for algebra, she politely declined.
Suddenly the man once satirized as the dotty ''Prince of Sorrows'' is being celebrated for integrity, modesty and good taste.
''It galvanized the United States and NATO to act.''
Anyone waiting to receive $10 billion in economic aid should be expected to tolerate those denunciations and more, when appropriate.
Financial terms of the all-cash transaction were not disclosed.
They say Iraq's record of deception and its wealth of talented scientists point to both the intention and ability to recreate an atomic program quickly.
Secretary of Defense William S. Cohen and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Gen. Henry H. Shelton, postponed their departures on separate trips to Europe over the weekend, though their aides cited budget negotiations as the ostensible reason.
He said the smuggling appeared to have been arranged by fast-food restaurant owners and franchisees rather than by larger corporations.
Well, they have a higher predisposition.
And it is not clear that either foreign or Russian scholars will soon gain the access to the archives that he enjoyed.
If ever a documentary played like a gothic novel, ''Grey Gardens'' does: it watches mother and daughter bask in the filmmakers' attention while trumpeting half-buried old grievances and memories of a patrician past.
Some people don't use Bcc because they don't trust it.
His biological brother, he said, is heterosexual.
Enormous green stalks stretched in every direction, completely blocking out the sun and our view.
In polls, he still trails Ms. Ferraro, who has raised far less but may need to spend less because she has the more recognized name.
Plaintiff states she returned to the registration desk and told Blackard some of what had happened.
Box 5193, General Post Office, New York, N.Y. 10087, or any of these organizations: BROOKLYN BUREAU OF COMMUNITY SERVICE 285 Schermerhorn Street, Brooklyn, N.Y. 11217.
''We just kind of went our separate ways,'' she said.
''Certainly, if they want stability and continuity in the system and they are pleased with his job, he ought to be compensated and validated by giving him a contract,'' Ms. Levy said.
Froggy said she liked life on the streets of The Haight.
''I have an idea I'm at the top of the class,'' she said matter-of-factly.
For a humorous look at pages that once burned brightly and then flickered out, visit Ghost Sites (www.disobey.com/ghostsites), an active page that chronicles inactive ones and is updated monthly.
An alternative was three no-trump, implying a club stopper since North could bid three hearts to show a stopper in that suit.
Ms. Heffernan said her niece recalled that, seconds before the blast, as police officers alerted to a bomb mistakenly led crowds toward the explosion, not away from it, an older woman had turned to her and her friends and said, ''This is the real thing, this time, girls.''
Accorsi is still asking Young questions.
In June 1997, the Anyanwus traveled to Nigeria with the two girls to soothe tensions in their marriage, said Janet Porro, Mrs. Anyanwu's lawyer.
Sosa hit a two-run homer in the top of the ninth off the reliever Rich Croushore to erase a 5-3 St. Louis lead and set the stage for extra innings in which the Cubs twice took leads only to have the closer Rod Beck squander them.
Following the progress of these experts and understanding the science behind each step in their quest ultimately dispels the seeming horror of cloning.
''That was his clue to me that when he started in the stretch he was going to come to third base.
The New Mexico politicians consort with the real estate people, and everyone, including drug dealers, mixes it up in Santa Fe's art circles.
This is the second major move by the Fox Group, which bought the Dodgers from the O'Malley family two months ago and traded Mike Piazza as part of a seven-player deal last month.
11 1 SUMMER SISTERS, by Judy Blume.
The Broadhollow Players also mount holiday productions at 9:30 P.M. with champagne and dessert ending the evening: Anne Meara's comedy ''After-Play'' at the Broadhollow Theater on Stewart Avenue in Bethpage; ''Last of the Red-Hot Lovers,'' the Neil Simon comedy, at the Bayway Arts Center, East Main Street in East Islip, and a musical double bill at the Center Stage at Molloy College in Rockville Centre.
While most of the patties that were cooked to 135 and 150 degrees looked on the rare side, as might be expected, some reached the 3.5 level of slight pinkness.
''The most incredible moment was when I was at the helm during the worst of the storm.
ST. LAWRENCE--Named Greg Burton football coach.
''I'm happy to be born in the same state as Bruce Springsteen, Mary Steenburgen, Meryl Streep, Eva Marie Saint, Frank Sinatra and my good friend Achilles D'Amico.''
I don't want to do too much with him.''
Mass of Christian burial Wednesday 10AM, at St. Catherine of Siena Church, 411 East 68 St., NYC.
Its proposal builds on a call that the group's past president, Sandra Feldman, made last year in her first speech as the president of the American Federation of Teachers, the U.F.T.
The higher speed limit will be introduced for an 18-month trial period on parts of the Atlantic City Expressway, the Garden State Parkway, the New Jersey Turnpike, Routes 18 and 55 and Interstates 78, 80, 195, 287 and 295.
A judge rejected requests for parole today for two of the five men convicted in the 1980 rape and murder of three American nuns in El Salvador.
Livent is the producer of ''Ragtime'' on Broadway as well as other shows now in New York, Chicago and Toronto.
Every coach or manager who worked with him loved Mendoza, Newman said.
''When they start out, these kinds of cases are often 'all for one and one for all,' '' said Ronald P. Fischetti, a prominent Manhattan defense lawyer who was not involved in the teen-agers' cases.
Noting that the property is the only intact example of the kind of lowlands that were once characteristic of the Hudson Valley, she said, ''Unfortunately, most of what was there is now covered up by developments and urban sprawl.''
The good news is that except for Hurtado, who will be out until the playoffs, the rest of the injured can return for the regular-season finale at New England in 10 days.
Sometimes he botched the results, but this was intrinsic to a process that consciously flirted with incoher ence: accidents, on which his art depended, had to be held in tension with acts of extreme control, and the exhibition is instructive, among other reasons, for letting you see some of his failures, which, by contrast, clarify his successes.
Beginning sometime this week, the rink will be open 10 A.M. to 10 P.M. daily until mid-March.
Prices of United States Treasuries rocketed last week as investors fled troubled overseas markets for them -- the most stable securities in the world.
Mr. Neukom said that he did not believe that the litigation would interfere with Windows 98, even if the case is settled before the release of the program in late June.
''We are in a mini-refinancing boom, and that is definitely a kick for the economy,'' said David Lereah, chief economist at the Mortgage Bankers Association.
For all these rigors, conductors and engineers get two rewards.
In a recent paper on its Millennium product, a Microsoft research team wrote: ''We argue that advances in hardware and networking technology enable a new kind of operating system to support tomorrow's applications.
''This incident is unacceptable, and is disconcerting for relations between friendly countries,'' he said.
Mr. D'Amato influenced local and state politics to a degree unmatched by perhaps any other senator in modern American history, helping elect a governor, several Congressmen and dozens of local officials.
Those negotiations began the State Department of Banking and Insurance and the State Department of Health and Senior Services, which regulate H.I.P., moved in state court last month to take control of the plan, saying that it was running deficits in excess of $20 million.
A Courtly Demeanor And a Tidewater Drawl If in his professional career Lewis Powell seemed to epitomize the legal establishment, his courtly demeanor and soft Tidewater drawl made him the image of the classic Southern gentleman.
MATCH POINTS The day session proved disastrous for just one seeded player, 15th-seeded ALBERTO BERASATEGUI of Spain, who ran out of resilience after the first set's tie breaker against THOMAS MUSTER of Austria and wound up wilting, 7-6 (7-1), 6-2, 6-3.
Each new management team had its own ideas about programming.
''Jews are no longer trying to get into the American academic establishment,'' said Rabbi Arthur Hertzberg, a historian of American Jewry.
General Motors has spent the last two months trying to restock its dealer lots after two strikes by the United Automobile Workers virtually halted its North American production in June and July.
''Discounters did well along a very broad base,'' said Richard N. Baum, a retail analyst at Goldman, Sachs.
An information sheet provided by the Consulate General of Turkey, 821 United Nations Plaza, New York, N.Y. 10017, says: ''If you are going to Turkey on a cruise line and leaving with the same cruise line [a] visa is not required.''
Nobody could accuse ''The Invention of Love'' of being seemingly simple, or anything but pretty complex.
Back in New York by 1950, Mr. Rosenberg opened a print shop on Christopher Street and plunged into the hip world centered on the San Remo at Bleecker and Macdougal Streets.
Both he and Ayatollah Khamenei are considered descendants of Mohammed.
Either way, he said, Kwan is already talking about continuing toward the 2002 Winter Games in Salt Lake City.
But a short position could also increase because of complex trading strategies, especially those related to arbitrage activity.
John E. Fisher, who served as chief executive of the Nationwide group of insurance companies in the 1980's and directed its national expansion, died on Tuesday at the Indian River Hospital in Vero Beach, Fla.
Choices include Lions (37 schools), Tigers (56) and Bears (26).
''It raises questions about whether he's a consistent progressive advocate on all these issues, or whether he's more a politician trimming his sails to adjust to the political winds,'' Mr. Green said.
And in New York's 31st Congressional District, Caleb Rossiter, the Democratic candidate from Ithaca, has placed Mr. Gingrich front and center of his campaign, accusing Representative Amory Houghton Jr. of voting to cut Medicare and Social Security and to send Federal spending to Georgia instead of to New York.
Henderson was only 2 of 9.
Meets tomorrow at 1:30 P.M. in front of the Washington Square Hotel, 103 Waverly Place.
The remarkably robust markets of 1997 put currency in the form of more valuable stock into the hands of acquisitive executives.
We run searching for answers that cannot be found.
ATLANTIC CITY HILTON ''Love Letters,'' starring Robert Wagner and Jill St. John.
''All he really wants to do is come into the house, open the fridge and get a beer,'' Mr. Siddle said.
But the more people see they have a stake in it, the more fighting over it there will be.
JOHN GLASEL Tenafly, N.J., Feb. 5, 1998
Margaret Williams Theater, Hepburn Hall, 2039 Kennedy Boulevard, Jersey City.
The trip signaled what Mrs. Clinton's aides described as a ''fall initiative'' and suggested that the First Lady, rather than President Clinton, would be the political celebrity most sought by Democratic candidates during the fall elections.
''In the same way that when I worked in porcelain, I went to the factory to learn what I was selling, I learned how to spin to know what I was selling,'' she said.
Art, thank goodness, is not made by companies.
Then, with Nunnally running, Barry Larkin ripped a double into the left-center gap, scoring the runner all the way from first base for a two-run advantage.
There was the 6-9 Charles Oakley flailing against Mutombo and finally being called for a flagrant foul, which could lead to a one-game suspension against the Miami Heat on Wednesday at Madison Square Garden.
The Central Intelligence Agency had been looking at Al Shifa for 18 months.
Someone pointed out he didn't seem happy about it.
The second $1 million gift to Renbrook will be used to build a new dining room and kitchen.
Traditionally, solo concerts by dancers have been a women's preserve.
It's time to see where the problem is coming from.
Mel Rojas does not look all that different than he did last season.
And since there is still a lot of Title IX money out there for women's sports I think I'm well positioned.
Les Muses at the Hotel Scribe, (33-1) 44.71.24.24, will have an Egyptian theme for its menu presentation and decor, and there will be fireworks in the gardens for diners and hotel guests at Plaza Athenee, 25 Avenue Montaigne, (33-1) 53.67.66.65.
Because Spain lies at the crossroads of several cultures, its music has an exoticism that sets it apart from styles that developed in other European countries.
With her eye firmly on the demands of popular fiction, she briskly attends to scene setting and pacing; the plot prances along swiftly to its (admittedly pat) conclusion.
Kathy Redmond's dad sobbed as she left for college in late August 1991, in two cars loaded with stereo equipment, stuffed animals and lacrosse sticks.
Persuading the baymen to employ more sophisticated aquaculture methods has gained advocates on both sides of the Sound.
But how long it will last?
There are too many guys.
Mr. Ibrahim's lawyer declined comment.
Yet it is easy to get from one end to the other, and back, in a day, even if one takes the obligatory two-hour French lunch break; in between there remain miles of runs to come back to.
In New York, governors and lieutenant governors are elected as a ticket.
While Young officially remains probable, Mariucci said a final determination would be made after seeing how well Young holds up in practice this week.
directorate of operations, the agency's clandestine espionage arm, to ask for help.
The panel attributed the building's standing to its famous architect, Henry J. Hardenbergh, who designed some of Manhattan's best-known buildings of the time, including the Plaza Hotel and Dakota Apartments.
Cherished grandmother of Edward, Steven, Ivan, Judy, Daniel, Julia, Emily and Richard.
THE BARBARIAN CONVERSION From Paganism to Christianity.
The woman's case was then taken up by the Immigrants' Rights Project of the American Civil Liberties Union, which was challenging the new law's application to asylum seekers in Federal court.
It was the weakest quarterly growth rate in three years.
''I pictured a Dominican friar rousing the mob to break into our cellar, my master taken and handed over to this Jewish mercenary like a sacrificial lamb.''
Columns: William Safire, Bob Herbert.
Overall, German unemployment has been stuck at postwar record highs for months.
To the Editor: I read with interest your article ''Neighborhood's Sore Thumb'' (Nov. 8) about the deserted building in Park Slope.
He did not offer a specific figure.
But if the Patriots don't make the playoffs, he could get a quick hook.
The chamber, a cylinder made of a fiberglasslike material and made by a company based in Boulder, Colo., is just long enough inside for a person to lie on a small mattress.
Now that the heat is off they are scattering, and the betting here is that the inquiry will return to its earlier state of momentumless disorganization.
DU MAURIER OPEN Wild-Card Entrant Defeats Pratt Sonya Jeyaseelan gave Canadian fans something to cheer about yesterday.
Pies are rarely eaten during lunchtime, but are devoured after dinner and as late-night snacks.
''This book seemed like a really good way to break through that.
He also said that the results of polygraph tests were ''almost never'' admitted as evidence in criminal trials in Delaware.
Although Dr. Kelly and the two co-authors are likely to vote for it, Sandina Robbins, a spokeswoman for the district, said that the other members, including the board President Carlota del Portilla, have not committed themselves to support it.
''Today, I felt I played great.''
Mr. Ludwig grew up in Westchester County and studied trumpet at the Eastman School of Music at the University of Rochester, where he worked part time as an engineer for a small custom record label that recorded concerts by high school bands.
EDWARD H. LEHNER New York, April 21, 1998 The writer is a Justice of the Supreme Court of New York.
Their murders were rich with the human-interest angles that are catnip for the press.
What is known is that the warm and personable Mrs. Currie, who is 58, liked to chat with the famous and humble alike and got along with everybody, including staff members many years her junior -- like Ms. Lewinsky.
The original unknown soldier from World War I was interred in 1921.
Not too many people want to challenge them.''
His goons only manhandled Monica's mother, interrogated a schoolchild, investigated a witness's adoption of a foreign child and held Monica hostage at a shopping mall in pursuit of almighty facts.
''He is someone who is brand new, who has a good reputation, who might energize a lot of people.''
' From that moment on, we worked out how we would do it and be true to the spirit of the book and yet have it be a movie.''
In its 51-year history, Pakistan has been a democracy only sporadically, with elected governments trading turns with military dictatorships.
(The immigration service has made one exception, granting parole to an elderly man with health problems.)
The to-do lists include fields for entering each project, the person in charge, the timing and the date completed.
In Arkansas, the State Supreme Court recently upheld the conviction of a 24-year-old man who was sentenced to the maximum of 30 years in prison for knowingly transmitting the virus to a woman through unprotected sex.
We miss you every day.
The population of the Marlins' rookie corps matches the total number of rookies on the rosters of baseball's two expansion teams, the Tampa Bay Devil Rays and the Arizona Diamondbacks.
To be sure, fleece is an ingenious and beneficial technological invention, but one day soon we'll recognize it as fake in every way and we'll be a little bit ashamed of what we once felt about it, if we think about it at all.
Mr. Chiles also faults the role of redistricting in carving out minority legislative districts that left white areas open for a Republican takeover.
Mr. Lake's arrangements have dissonance built in; he has a conception.
Wildlife officials plan to release 750 pallid sturgeon today into the two rivers at four sites near their confluence, which is southwest of Williston near the Montana border.
Does he start the fleet wing Thierry Henry, who scored two goals against Saudi Arabia?
From May 15 to Sept. 15, it is open 8:30 A.M. to 7 P.M. daily; the rest of the year, hours are shorter and it is closed Sunday; (354) 562-3045.
Television said this morning, as dozens of reporters jostled their way through the lobby of the Habana Libre, known as the Hilton until Fidel Castro's revolution put Cuba off-limits for all but a handful of Americans.
And he has already reduced the number of employees, from 47,000 in 1994 to 35,500 now, mostly through severance packages.
''If you're going to keep somebody permanently enslaved to methadone for the rest of their lives, then I have real questions about your common sense.''
The 90-minute tour is scheduled Mondays and Tuesdays; $25 a person.
In lieu of flowers, memorial contributions may be made to the Center for Modern Psychoanalytic Studies in New York City or the Boston Graduate School of Psychoanalysis in Brookline, MA.
Yagudin remembers the story differently.
I want to make this a more welcoming place, not mess it up.''
''If the multiple was 30 to 35 times 1998 earnings, I would be interested,'' he said.
Roberto Albores Guillen took over just six days ago, after his predecessor was forced out by President Ernesto Zedillo for failing to stem the rising violence in Chiapas.
The bear departed, but was tracked down and killed shortly afterward.
Down a hill is the ranch's fishing pond.
The Kosovo Liberation Army was officially invited to join the alliance only today, but it did not immediately respond, diplomats said.
Today at 3 P.M.; Friday and Saturday at 8 P.M. Tickets: $10; $8 for the elderly and students.
Touch others with them, pat them together, stroke them on your face 'cause they don't love that either.
The chip division had been a part of Rockwell for about 30 years.
Yet while both teams present tantalizing targets, the team the Mets most want to emulate right now is none other than the 1997 version of themselves.
And he acknowledged that if Tennessee ran through the tournament and finished undefeated, ''They're going to go down without question as one of the greatest teams of all time.''
And he urged an aide to Senator Alfonse M. D'Amato, Republican of New York, to persuade Gov.
champion Indians, who go into the All-Star Game break with a commanding 10-game lead in the A.L.
She asked me how long after a date I would call someone; she asked if I'd ever been to jail.
Plus, you don't see a liquor store on every corner like you do where we come from.''
Balding pates and slackened jaw lines are emphasized here rather than camouflaged: these veterans look, in a word, old.
Until then, however, it's a funny, philosophical, lovely evening (2:00).
Some of the homeless people worked as many as 81 hours a week and a total of up to 1,500 hours.
''I want the nomination again in two years,'' he said.
The varied accompaniments range from tangos and African music to Beethoven's ''Moonlight'' Sonata.
To the delight of housing advocates, the final bill creates 90,000 much-needed new vouchers and requires that 75 percent go to the poorest of the poor.
Kevin Elster's run-scoring single gave the Rangers a 1-0 in the second before Bragg's homer gave the Red Sox a 3-1 lead in the bottom of the inning.
''It makes me wonder why we had a committee in the first place,'' she said.
''Wedding Gowns in Color: 1850-1950.''
We could not hold out any longer.
Moreover, there are pockets of lots of microwave energy, some energy and none in the oven.
Jim Burke, a retired factory manager and avid jogger who volunteered to head the trail project through Burlington Township, said: ''Putting this trail through is going to be a powerful sales job.
Thread the other end of the wire through the hole in the T brace, then bend it back enough to suspend the brace.
It is an extraordinarily ambitious undertaking, combining the history of milestone events in countries as diverse as France and India, the biography of leaders as different as Margaret Thatcher and Deng Xiaoping and the evolution of ideas ranging from Keynesian economics, which focused on how governments could manage economies, to the Chicago school of free markets.
Alas, it doesn't really work.
She spoke only once, requesting a cappuccino in French.
But as the death rate accelerated, and inventories fell, retailers say they had no choice but to pass higher costs on to customers.
''I came 3,000 miles just to see this,'' said Louis Gordon, 83, a retired union organizer from Kingston, N.Y., sporting a button that said ''Stop Franco Terror,'' a reference to the general against whom the brigade fought in the late 1930's in the Spanish Civil War.
Red Sox 5, Devil Rays 1 Reggie Jefferson hit a two-run homer and Troy O'Leary got two hits for the fifth straight game last night, leading the Boston Red Sox over Rolando Arrojo and the Tampa Bay Devil Rays, 5-1, at Fenway Park.
The Royal Concertgebouw of Amsterdam, conducted by Sir Colin Davis, will perform the Overture to Berlioz's ''Benvenuto Cellini,'' with the pianist Maria Joao Pires playing Chopin's Concerto No.
Meanwhile, other cabdrivers coming to Manhattan either for work or to join the planned rally at City Hall were met by police officers at all the East River crossings.
Cooking directly over wood, coals or gas does not yield the subtle perfume of smoke nor the delicate tenderness that are the hallmarks of genuine barbecue.
You wanna go to the diner?''
''That would have been interesting,'' he said yesterday, cherishing the mischief of the notion.
Dr. Rumbaut came from Cuba in 1960 when he was 11.
The two nations will work more closely on fighting disease and environmental health problems, on combating drugs and on clean energy programs.
''But as the kids got older it was just getting to dangerous and too rough.
The proposals were issued to the parties by George J. Mitchell, the former American Senator who is chairman of the talks, after weeks of consulting with the parties and the Irish and British Governments.
D1 Auto Sales Tumble General Motors and Ford announced steep drops in January sales, with all but the latest-model cars selling slowly.
Iran, which plays the United States in the first round of the World Cup on June 21, has games against Nantes on Friday and Montpellier on Monday.
Although the statute of limitations on murder never expires, Ms. Tubbs Jones said, ''It is very difficult to prosecute a case that is 50 years old.''
New York forbids you to smoke even in a privately owned restaurant with no one nearby, but in public space you're free to disturb the peace of thousands of New Yorkers with helicopters, sirens, car alarms and radios.
THE LAST KING OF SCOTLAND, by Giles Foden.
THOMAS COLE NATIONAL HISTORIC LANDMARK, 218 Spring Street (southeast corner of the intersection of Route 23 and Route 385), Catskill, N.Y., (518) -943-6533.
The Chicago branch of the National Association of Purchasing Management reported a bigger-than-expected drop in its manufacturing index, to 52.9 in June from 56.3 in May.
But today, Torre seemed to be leaning more toward resting Strawberry and his left knee, rather than sitting him down indefinitely.
It could be that the Mexican Government decided to crack down on weapons cases, Mr. Ward said, or simply that looser gun laws in Texas and other states, combined with eased travel restrictions, led to more people driving into Mexico with guns in their cars.
''I don't know about a hero,'' Van Gundy said.
Ms. Greenwood said she spent much of her time looking at the collection of vintage clothes at the Metropolitan Museum of Art and other places.
Now 74 and retired, he often serves as the motorman on a trolley at the museum or as a resident expert on the history of them.
But this retelling of African-American history through tap dance continues to make visceral contact with its audience in a way few musicals do (2:00).
The Knights have had the Saints' number, winning 11 of the last 12 matches between the two upstate rivals.
Now that Hong Kong has confirmed its economy is in reverse, the bad news is coming thick and fast.
His Republican partner on this issue, Senator John McCain -- with his 70 percent blowout victory in Arizona -- now becomes the dark horse to challenge front-runner Bush.
When they tried to stop him, he drove to his home a few blocks away and tried to dash inside.
With the greatest love Aunt Sara: Zelig and Dolores, Ira and Yvette, Richard and Kassia, Seymour and Noreen, Zelig H. and Heather, Helen and Phil, Jerry, Rose.
Let us disregard the outside influences and do our constitutional responsibility, which is to present the case of impeachment, and, if a majority of the members, by their own consciences, wish to vote for or against that issue of impeachment, let them cast their votes without pressure -- without pressure from the majority, without pressure from the minority, without pressure from the White House.
With the rise of the Internet, the personal computer is a gateway to a widening realm of on-line commerce and entertainment.
A spokesman for Tropicana, Mark Gutsche, said Ms. Marram would have no comment on her plans or on the deal.
But the prices of Ford's highest-volume cars, the Ford Taurus and Mercury Sable, will fall by $1,000 to $1,800.
Curtis Hanson, who brought James Ellroy's intense and complex drama to the screen, was chosen best director by the society yesterday in voting at the Algonquin Hotel in Manhattan.
And since few Wall Street traders believed rates could drop to their current levels -- 5.14 percent on the 30-year bond -- interest-only strips were the thing to own.
But several Yankees began pointing at third, telling catcher Joe Girardi to ask for an appeal on whether Sweeney left the base too early.
''That's when I realized I was going to win the race,'' said the 46-year-old Earnhardt, who pumped his fist as his car roared down the front stretch.
As Paul Valery writes, we can see in the shell ''the semblance of invention.''
Other residents mistook the sound of the crash for thunder.
Wal-Mart slumped 1 1/4, to 79 7/8.
Adults can golf at the 18-hole municipal Dlhy Ridge Golf Course.
''We talked out loud, and that was very useful,'' she said.
I also get a good feeling because I give the clothes they've outgrown to the Salvation Army.
''It was shot in my home.''
You can make trellises out of bamboo or sapling weed trees or buy them ready-made, and they work equally well in the ground or with planters.
But now Goldman is walking away from that structure.
''I'm taking that day off too.
That time he had to remain silent about winning the championship, $26,300 and two computers -- one for himself and one for his high school -- for six weeks.
''You're fatigued all the time,'' she said.
The Natural World Used Metaphorically Speaking to the Press Association today, the poet Andrew Motion, a longtime friend of Mr. Hughes, said he presented ''a vision of England which managed to bring the whole of the history and traditional past into play with a present that is recognizably modern.''
Another shrewd idea: she'll team up each year with a different publisher, who will guarantee a minimum run of 10,000 copies.
Along the way I can see both major and minor league ball games and research family records.
A table sings the blues to the chair that double-crossed it.
There are pedophiles and couples in ''spiritual marriages,'' princes who like dirty jokes and writers who try not to touch another Indian.
It now sits in a warehouse.
The company's stock fell 124 Swiss francs, to 3,312, its biggest one-day loss in nine months.
''I tried to get Mike,'' he said, referring to Michael Jordan.
That set the stage for Stockton, who had missed two other field goals on the afternoon.
LOS ANGELES A magnetic resonance imaging examination yesterday revealed a cartilage tear and an increased tear in the right rotator cuff of Dodgers pitcher Ramon Martinez, who is expected to miss one start.
It places the number pad and cursor keys on the right-hand side as traditional keyboards do, forcing overuse of that hand.
In 1938, two men in a dark, makeshift laboratory in Astoria, Queens, rubbed a handkerchief on a zinc plate coated with sulfur to give it an electric charge, placed a slide on it on which they had written the date and the site of the lab and exposed it to light.
Dear brother of Margaret Pafundi, Edward T. McArdle and Winifred Greeley.
Hess was asked then for a comment about the success.
''Those who were really engaged with the struggle against ancient injustices and war didn't have a lot of time to think about space, and probably had a jaundiced view of this as a kind of escapism,'' he said.
The restaurant has a casual cafe in back and more formal seating in front.
The president, Serafin U. Mariel, is a native New Yorker of Puerto Rican background.
Later, one 10-year-old girl complained to her mother that the psychologists were trying too hard to reassure them that everything was fine.
They had called out to Mother Earth while on the ferry to Staten Island.
Together the Beilensons made Peter Pauper into a publisher of classic literature already in the public domain, volumes of works by Shakespeare, Shelly, Keats and Donne and many others bound in hand-designed, high-quality materials.
Service and interment are private.
We were almost staggering with fatigue.
William A. Perlmuth Chairman of the Board John N. Kastanis, FACHE President and CEO Victor H. Frankel, M.D.
But the report's section on impeachment charges -- obstruction of justice, perjury, witness tampering and abuse of power -- is grounded solely in the Clinton-Lewinsky relationship and the President's response to questions about it raised in a civil suit, the lawyers said.
RUTGERS UNIVERSITY Rutgers Theater Company presents ''The Rivals.''
Like people elsewhere in the Pacific, native Palauans set off dynamite charges to fish en masse, blasting holes 10 or 15 feet wide in coral reefs.
This week, it will also note the birthdays of Bing Crosby (May 3) and Red Nichols (May 8).
Two of the women are full-time mothers, four work at home or have tailored their jobs to their children's schedules and two work in offices in relatively inflexible 9-to-5 situations.
Not in Mr. Nunn's superlative production.
Help is on the way.
''My grandmother was 82 when she died.
Some would joke that the suspects could recite them from memory more accurately than the detectives.
Susan Panetta, a Brooklyn graphic designer, used a computer to arrange the mural's blue and green lettering to resemble bars of music.
Mr. Peterson, the brief said, had admitted those actions in a statement to a detective in Gettysburg, Pa., soon after he returned to Gettysburg College, where he was a freshman.
Place two fried green tomato halves in each pool.
By the early 60's, the rhetoric began to cause even some of his admirers to squirm.
Virginia is the only state with the death penalty that does not specifically instruct a jury about the meaning of mitigating evidence and how to weight the evidence.
But the hearing officer, Lieut.
Candidates for a corporation's top financial job, of course, may balk for any number of reasons.
''He was a representative of our people's hopes, our people's dreams.
Pervua Marku, the village mechanic, said: ''They will do it.
''It's murder, especially in this season, when everything's out there,'' said Naomi Kavish, an electrologist who lives on the Upper West Side and has committed to cutting back, decreasing her debt and saving for retirement.
After all, few had heard of 11-year-old Tara Lipinski four years ago, and now the 15-year-old reigns as Olympic champion.
Its name alone has changed three times since Mr. Feld established the Eliot Feld Ballet in 1974.
Tickets, $500, from (212) 370-7180.
A recent description of a dinner in Sicily in which the suckers on a just-killed octopus were still sucking, however, left me close to ill.
In his public and private discussions of the task force recommendations, Mr. Giuliani said that he was particularly annoyed with a proposal to raise the salaries of the city's police officers to be commensurate with officers in surrounding areas, including Nassau County.
At a time when revenues are scarce, Russia must find a way to pay or refinance more than $5 billion in debt, mostly accounted in rubles, by the end of June.
One parishioner, Bill Berry, 54, vice president of an advertising agency, said, ''Most simply and succinctly, our strategy is to generate dialogue with the Vatican.''
Devoted mother of Paul, Ernest, Johanna and the late Betsy Kay and Marianne Loeb.
Now, after seven years of Iraqi refusal to reveal the truth about its preparations for making weapons of mass destruction, a plan was worked out at the U.N. that could have lifted sanctions, possibly beginning in October.
Backwoods picking and an old-time sense of sin and revelation link the two performers on this double bill.
Sales have continued to fall even after the effects of the Government's April 1997 tax rise wore off.
MATTHEW A. SELIG Indianapolis, May 11, 1998
Bhutan's efforts to preserve its distinct character have led to clashes with non-Buddhist or non-Bhutanese minorities along the country's southern border with India, who have demanded more democracy.
''They see the President as tarnished, probably irretrievably, and they're wondering how they can capitalize on it.''
Here is a selective listing of new or noteworthy cabaret shows in Manhattan this weekend.
Beloved son of Henriette and the late Arnold Bullough.
Come November, Californians, who recently weighed in on the fates of bilingual education and affirmative action, will be asked to decide the destiny of horses: specifically, whether to make it illegal to participate in the sale or purchase of a horse pegged for human ingestion.
And though it would seem that her many recent successes would add up to a smooth ride from here on out, Ms. McDonald said she still had to audition for parts and imagined she always would.
That immediately raised fears that the country's economic problems, which have worsened despite an International Monetary Fund bailout, could be exploited by itchy generals looking for ways to push aside President Suharto -- probably not the best way to handle Asia's most problematic political transition.
Then, earlier this year, I.N.S.
The Regents and the State University of New York could grant charters to new ones.
American efforts to obtain Pakistani and Indian cooperation to halt their nuclear weapons programs are high on the agenda.
Her strategy is to present damning evidence against her subject selectively.
While it contains no cholesterol and is high in protein and vitamins A, D and E, pumpkinseed oil is, by definition, dietary fat -- more healthful than butter but not quite as good as olive oil.
'Titanic' actually came from this ad,'' said Jack Supple, laughing.
Tomorrow at 11:30 A.M. and 1:30 P.M. and Sunday at noon and 2:30 P.M. Fee: $10.
Gen. Sani Abacha, who ruled ruthlessly for five years and turned Nigeria into an international pariah, died suddenly in June.
One time when I was walking with a friend through a slum in Lima, Peru, a mugger grabbed my friend's decoy wallet, which had only about $10 in it.
''Maybe,'' said Robert S. Kerr 3d, the chairman of the Oklahoma Democratic Party.
The Birmingham Opera folded last year, and the Alabama Symphony has only recently been revived after collapsing in 1992.
There was playoff money to be earned.
She added, again referring to the day of the army attack, ''It was the birthday of Rajiv Gandhi, and I can tell you, I saw anguish in his eyes.''
ROBERT BARRETT Santa Monica, Calif., July 27, 1998 The author is the manager of Hennessey & Ingalls Art and Architecture Books in Santa Monica.
True to the flaky form of Clinton-haters, he's vague about where his money comes from and is tireless in hunting down conspiracies.
''My numbers were sky high.
Court members know that any felony conviction almost always brings loss of pension and retirement benefits and can devastate an innocent family.
Badillo has a longstanding relationship with the Mayor and the Republican Party.''
The potential problem in this is that it is contrary to what Irabu believes has made him successful in the past, throwing two primary pitches: a hard fastball and a diving forkball.
''Realistically, it might be a 10-goal differential with the Americans and Canadians,'' Kozak said today as his team prepared for next Sunday's opener.
But I did not tell her I would order someone to hire her, and I never did, and I wouldn't do that.
And today, he accused the Hong Kong government of buckling to pressure from China, which wanted to try Mr. Cheung on the mainland, where he faced a harsher punishment.
It is every oystercatcher's fondest dream to settle down with a mate on a high-quality breeding ground and start laying eggs.
Religious service 12 noon, Tuesday, at the John Krtil Funeral Home, 1297 First Ave, New York, NY.
BRENDAN MCDONOUGH Vice President Parkway Towers Owners Corporation Manhattan
Aye, New York City loves a winner.
And then his masterly effort splintered in the seventh, suddenly and decisively.
The task of reconstructing Castle Grande has been difficult for investigators because Mrs. Clinton decided in July 1988, three years after the deal, to destroy her files on Madison and Castle Grande.
While Ms. DeBarge continued to sway to the rhythm at the counter, a man from Nashville with a starched plaid shirt and dress watch picked at a plate of eggs and toast at a nearby table.
It's the single most dramatic one-man event.''
Contributions to the National Ovarian Cancer Coalition, P.O.
William Mahon, a Roman Catholic priest, at the Maplewood (N.J.) Country Club.
While there is nothing to suggest that Goldman will pull the offering, a discounted price could give some partners reason to pause.
But few patients agreed to try the program and they could not stick with it, he said.
And it compelled impeachment, Republicans said.
A16 Enoch Powell The right-wing British political figure known for an address he gave in 1968 opposing immigration from former British colonies was 85.
Among those to play at select dates are the Chieftains, Sinead O'Connor, Chumbawumba, Richard Thompson, Shane MacGowan, John Lee Hooker, Los Lobos, Nanci Griffith and the Indigo Girls.
WILL DUCHON West Harrison, N.Y., July 13, 1998
Ole Lokensgard, 52, an architect who visits the dump twice a week, has done devotees like Mrs. Langdon one better.
I climbed back onto a tartan-covered table for a facial -- hand massage and hot mittens included -- and finished with a somewhat anticlimactic aromatherapy scalp massage, which was done in the small salon.
I was in Grand Central Station, and I suddenly felt very sick, and I leaned over and began to vomit.
Diners are reminded to order their dessert souffles ahead of time.
Even if you settled a while ago on a firm asset allocation that you expected to fit your risk profile for some time, you might have drifted far away from your plan.
The victim, a stuntman in a protective suit, writhed realistically in the flames.
He said Mr. Cardoso gave up a second pension he could have collected for having been a Senator.
He wants to return and take the matter to court.
Coach Jeff Van Gundy said today that his team could get Mills, Chris Childs and Brooks Thompson back in time to play Portland on Thursday.
The exterior of the building was never altered and was granted landmark status in 1987, but the theater itself seems to take on a new identity every few years.
Halloran's survivors include his wife, Eileen, and a son, Sean.
''We recognize that the Chinese have lots of difficult problems to face,'' Mr. Aaron told a small group of reporters, listing the broad Asian economic crisis, troubled state-owned enterprises and this summer's disastrous floods.
had no authority to impose such a rule.
Foreign Affairs has also benefited from an increasingly global economy, building new readers in the business community.
But Mr. Mitchell conceded that the affection here was far different from anything he had experienced back home.
Thus, while the umbrella is not completely lightning-proof, the only metal is the small release clip buried deep in the shaft.
Both parties plan to cash in at the Super Bowl this weekend.
Its decor has the earthy tones of a Tuscan piazza -- muted yellow, brick and gray.
After retirement, he was active in civic affairs, becoming a founding trustee of the Eisenhower Medical Center.
Her dedication to the needs of children at Surprise Lake Camp for over forty years is an inspiration to us all.
Very few women have acted so sure that they had a right to be rock stars.
Some scenes bear an eerie resemblance to icons of religious suffering -- a monk whipping a penitent, a Christ being taunted with a crown of thorns.
Several newspapers had written about them, but they'd been allotted just a short paragraph or two apiece.'')
When the season ended, Gabe Paul traded him.
A row of home-tapers with video cameras lines up in front of the stage, and the perimeters of the club are alive with couples dancing.
The brothers, after all, never absconded, even though they were aware that any of the women could run to the authorities.
Where necessary, we must use all our political and diplomatic leverage to seek reforms now rather than later.
She rejected the suggestion: ''I don't think I would say, how interesting that you're a burglar, tell me about your deprived childhood.''
Sales opened last month and 54 units in the initial 84-unit section have been sold, said Mr. Solkind.
''Sometimes, he says things that ruffle people's feathers,'' Lamoriello said.
EVENTS HOLIDAY CRAFT MARKET, 534 La Guardia Place, Greenwich Village.
Some people fret that corporate America's obsession with the bottom line will stifle the creative spirit that animated the smaller companies they have snapped up.
Sands Hotel and Casino Indiana Avenue and Brighton Park.
''I have this dream to be the president of Beijing University,'' he said.
I wasn't the aggressor and was late to the ball.
Instead, the Devils used a team that looked more like the American Hockey League's Albany River Rats than the Eastern Conference champions.
But several products, like those from Chanel and Clarins, also include a sun-blocking formula with an S.P.F.
VIOLENCE Swordplay and shootings yield heinous injuries, but the effect is softened by the spirit of dashing adventure.
''It was wonderful,'' said Ms. Wasserstein, ''but they were really confused when I added some characters from Flatbush.''
Mr. D'Amato, whose aides acknowledge that Mr. Clinton continues to have strong approval ratings in the state, has been silent about what should happen to Mr. Clinton.
What that tells is that the market is changing.''
''They've got the same guys, year after year,'' Cunningham said.
An employee in a rowboat used a net to remove extraneous objects -- guns, dead sea gulls, lamps, waste paper and, once, a nearly complete set of the Encyclopedia Britannica.
The following equity and convertible debt offerings are expected this week: 99 Cents Only Stores, Commerce, Calif., 3.5 million shares.
Because he does not deal in the bombast that characterizes much of Northern Ireland's sectarian politics, his words are not stirring.
Or so Mr. Boulle thought.
The Beach Boys quickly became the leading surf-rock hit makers, with songs like ''Surfin' U.S.A.'' (1963), and branched out to songs about girls, cars and an idealized California life of fun in the sun.
Businesses need concrete information about future exchange rate policy, monetary policy, emissions and so on.''
If we block all the leakage of information, we can block the whole project.
Investors have already taken note of the company's success, bidding up the stock 42 percent last year.
Upstairs, in the Gaslight Club, groups of businessmen settle down for dinner and the evening's entertainment.
''They have the better business model,'' says Paul Sonkin, an adjunct professor of securities analysis at Columbia University who also is a money manager.
They could return home early Saturday morning to prepare for the American League Championship Series starting next Tuesday, against either Boston or Cleveland.
When you're criticized for not building enough low-income housing, it's real hard to do an elephant.''
Another is photography, and this week the museum announced that an anonymous donor had given it the Monroe Wheeler Collection of 531 works by the 20th-century photographer George Platt Lynes.
But whatever you do, don't miss the movie's first scene.
And while including the basement in the calculation of maximum floor-area ratio necessarily reduces the available floor area for the rest of the building, Ms. Fink said, it is has been the department's position that such is the intent of the Zoning Resolution.
According to the N.A.S.D., between April 1994 and October 1994, Troster Singer traders deliberately withheld information on 28 transactions in Nasdaq stocks.
As Hardwick begins dealing with people she has actually known, in her association with Partisan Review and The New York Review of Books, she moves away from literary criticism and into the territory of personal reminiscence.
Gregory J. Wallance, a former Federal prosecutor who worked on the Abscam political corruption cases in the 1980's, said Judge Wright's ruling might open an avenue that lawyers for the President could use to challenge any potential prosecution.
(380) Ms. Currie would ask President Clinton, and, if he agreed, arrange the meeting.
''By offering the books on the Internet, people won't have to pick up the phone during business hours,'' Mr. Redden said.
Indeed, a more Gallic approach is being taken at Bistro 56, 109 East 56th Street, a cafe that has been fashioned from the street-level front room of the Park, a restaurant at the same address.
It is always followed by an infinitive, is only used with actions in the near future and, as Sheidlower points out, ''remains one of the best-known indicators of Southern speech, along with such words as reckon and y'all.''
SWAIN GALLERIES A summer showcase of artists from the du Cret School of the Arts.
Of course, after enough sales, the immigrants were able to build their own stores and advertise: ''I.
Fearing subpoenas, many staff members -- from the junior level to the most senior -- simply do not want to know how the President and his lawyers are mapping his defense.
I told them that you can't dwell on these things and you have to do the best you can.''
He also threw three interceptions in his debut last week.
The Stars wanted a cross-checking penalty, but Lapointe's teammates didn't see it that way.
Free, but tickets must be ordered in advance.
On one-year adjustable-rate mortgages, lenders were asking an average initial rate of 5.50 percent, the same as last week.
Although his commercials are broadcast, Hill has stepped into the background and declined interview requests concerning lockout issues.
And turnovers have added up to disaster for the Knicks.
The problem does not discriminate in the places it affects, they said, adding that it would probably get worse.
Columns: Anthony Lewis, William Safire.
Though this four-story structure near City Hall employed conventional wood and brick framing, Bogardus's ingenious wraparound curtain-wall facade of modular cast-iron panels was as innovative (if not as celebrated) as London's iron-and-glass Crystal Palace, completed two years later.
MR. CARRO, who is 38, said he did not even realize his father was an outspoken liberal when he was growing up.
She is dressed as a sequined French apache dancer with a lamppost poking out of her head.
Adored grandfather of Jeffrey, Gregory, Christopher, Caroline and David.
''I spoke about dreaming big and setting goals, staying away from drugs and alcohol,'' Leaf said in the statement.
's emissions represented a small percentage of global emissions, he said, B.P.
''Asylum seekers are not criminals,'' the report says, calling on the United States to detain refugees only when there is no other recourse and their behavior makes it necessary.
His subjects are not always stunningly original -- can't we, for instance, give ''Star Trek'' and commercial jokes gold watches and send them into retirement?
For now they insist that China and the world must recognize Taiwan as a separate entity.
His battalion received a Presidential Unit Citation for its extraordinary heroism, gallantry & determination.
Many people are calling for the United States to overthrow Saddam Hussein.
To hang a painting over a couch is to draw attention to one's taste while ironically making the painting less visible.
Aug. 6 is the Feast of the Transfiguration, devoted to the Gospel episode in which Jesus blazed bright before two disciples' eyes.
But while the Government insists that its approach reduces the risk of a global financial cataclysm, this approach has also turned off investors who see it as just one more sign that Japan is afraid of the pain of free markets and is unwilling to allow market solutions.
Milwaukee was in Detroit on Sept. 3, 1988.
But now those distinctions have been blurred.
Most ordinary people are now wise enough to ignore them.
SELECTED POEMS, 1947-1995 By Allen Ginsberg.
And Patrick Knapp of Georgetown said, ''I would be very proud and happy to do it for one of my kids.''
A prisoner named Mohammed Arif, 34, volunteered to speak first.
The choice is not just between hot or cold, sugared or nonsugared, fortified with vitamins and minerals or not.
''To make that permanent, so that this is not just cyclical for the city, but it represents what the city will be in throughout the 21st century.''
Toto became such a regular in the store that when it fell ill -- it died last year -- the Black Orchid customers chipped in to help Ms. Dougherty pay for the dog's expensive veterinary care.
Joseph J. Lhota, the Mayor's budget director, said that most of the money would be set aside to reduce future budget gaps, with the rest going to spending increases and tax cuts.
You have three Grade I winners.
Diplomat is also acquiring substantially all the remaining assets of Jean Grayson's Brownstone Studio Inc., a women's clothier.
''Gary's trying a lot of things, and he knows some of them won't work,'' Mr. Kundtz of Lehman Brothers said.
Mr. Clinton has so disgraced the Presidency that he was unable to make his recent public statements from the Oval Office, because that is where his adulterous affair was carried on.
Amid the rock and funk propulsion, the Somalian songs easily hold their own.
The cheese and charcuterie counter was astonishing.
Born in Peoria, Ill., in 1916, Mr. Brickhouse chose breeziness over bombast as his broadcasting style.
In that sense, he is in the theatrical tradition of Alfred Jarry and Antonin Artaud, who were artists as well as playwrights.
But like candidates around the country, Ms. Musser complained that the intrusiveness of the scandal made it difficult for the campaign to gain momentum.
Rangers were notified of the accident about 2:30 P.M. by another climber on the mountain who was using a cellular phone.
They do not beat themselves up about it here, but go on to explain how their lives have changed forever.
PARK CABARET ''Legends in Concert,'' impersonations of Neil Diamond, Elvis Presley, Charlie Daniels, Madonna and the Blues Brothers.
The upgrade includes better tools for browsing the Net, automated links for obtaining updated Windows tools from Microsoft's Web site and a much better system for getting help on line.
The individual captain will not participate in anything not approved by the city's health officer, and apparently, Munger was not properly solicitous of him.
That still beat analysts' 55-cent average estimate.
But Mr. Bretz, Mr. Collado's lawyer, filed his own motion arguing that the case should be dismissed for other reasons.
Inside this dreamlike stew is a riot of reds, blues and golds covering walls, columns and friezes.
This time he made it closer to the Livonia rail yard, but not close enough.
Then from these photos, one could tell a story.''
Although its stock has already suffered -- it is off 22 percent from the July high -- investors are still awarding it a hefty price-earnings multiple just above 28, more than twice that of many insurance companies or money-center banks.
National Semiconductor, also a chip maker, said that 55 of the 450 technical people it has hired this year required H1-B visas.
Remember ''The Brian Benben Show,'' the sitcom about a disgruntled demoted television newsman?
We don't want your racist war!''
The deal was rejected overwhelmingly.
Arthur Rock, principal, Arthur Rock & Company.
Not once did Bob call John Stockton ''John.''
To underscore the connections, ''Felicity'' will have its premiere tonight in its regular time slot, after ''Buffy the Vampire Slayer,'' and will be repeated tomorrow, after ''Dawson's Creek.''
He said he could see a coalition with the Freedom Union and the Christian Democrats.
As a hundred World War II movies have taught several generations of postwar filmgoers, the Americans and British were never more high-minded and noble than when collectively standing up against Nazism.
''We heard the same stuff when we started doing football,'' Mr. Hill said.
The agency's chief, Michael Dombeck, seems determined to give at least as much weight to the forests' environmental values as his predecessors gave to their commercial values.
''I think Bernie's a Yankee, Bernie wants to be a Yankee,'' Steinbrenner said.
In a sign of Arab concern over growing tensions between Turkey and Syria, President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt flew on short notice to Syria today in an effort to defuse what is being portrayed in the Middle East as an unsettling crisis.
Mayor Bill Campbell today dismissed the well-regarded but tenaciously independent general manager of the city's bustling airport, the second busiest in the world, and appointed the general manager of Newark's airport to replace her.
The House today overwhelmingly approved the largest public works bill in the nation's history, despite objections from both President Clinton and conservatives that the bill threatens the fiscal discipline of last year's balanced budget agreement.
Hair of that fluffy brilliance may be home grown but it looks as if it had been picked in a cotton field.
He is a very large figure in the school system.''
The victory moved Gomez, the 1990 French Open champion, past Bjorn Borg and John McEnroe into second place in the Nuveen Masters point standing.
Some days it sounds like Bosnia.''
But whether or not the investment groups end up making offers, their expressions of interest, followed by close study of financial records as well as meeting with Polygram's management, are bound to slow up the sale process.
In a field of four, her name received 21 percent of the vote, finishing second behind an air-conditioner contractor who got 46 percent.
Admission: $7, with $2 surcharge for Soutine; students and the elderly, $5; members and children under 12, free (Roberta Smith).
The fire was extinguished at 6:30 P.M., and 11 people were treated for minor injuries.
That raises the how-could-you-not question, as in how could you not be somebody important?
A vaccine can prevent the infection, and it can be treated with huge doses of antibiotics if caught in its early stages.
Bard College Wei Jingsheng, an exiled Chinese dissident, delivered the keynote address to the 281 graduates at Bard College in Annandale-on-Hudson, N.Y.
The neighbors this week are complaining about helicopters, not mosquitoes.
In 1986, the authorities in Florida had enough evidence to indict Mr. Jenks, charging him with smuggling 55,000 pounds of marijuana from 1978 to 1982.
TRUMAN CAPOTE, by George Plimpton.
At the grown-ups' fete, drinks are served, then more drinks, then more, as the three unhappy couples snipe at each other, and the men snicker lasciviously over the discovery that one of their sons has amassed a collection of girls' pubic hairs.
It was part of a three-game stretch.
Reynoso, who scored on Alfonzo's home run after grounding sharply into a fielder's choice in the third, doubled hard off Ashby to open the fifth.
-- that Mr. Reagan was ''an amiable dunce'' -- wasn't he?
Music on Hudson WEDNESDAY -- The Greenwich House Music School will benefit from a concert at the Church of St. Luke's in the Field, 487 Hudson Street (Grove Street).
But all of the effort is of little solace to residents along West 96th Street, Mr. Hogue's favorite haunt.
Grandmother of Jennifer, Julie, Jason, and Andy.
He also wanted to fill air time on his Turner Broadcasting System, which will offer daily prime-time coverage in the United States and provide feeds to more than 130 countries.
This is where Frank Lloyd Wright, his son Lloyd Wright, R. M. Schindler, John Lautner, A. Quincy Jones, Ray Kappe and other great first-, second- and third-generation modernists built, and where the current crop of architectural talent, including Eric Owen Moss and Michael Rotondi, have erected adventurous descendants of modernism.
Karyn, Steve, Emily, Gabe and Julie Rotter
Born in Bernardsville, New Jersey in 1947, Mr. Lee was raised in the New York area.
D4 Major stock indexes were higher, with the Dow closing above 9,000.
THE mountains or the shore?''
Still, the conferences arranged by Ms. Tucker and Mr.
In 1680, a man from this pueblo known only as Pope organized an uprising that killed many Spaniards and that drove the rest down to El Paso.
Hours: Mondays through Thursdays, 9 A.M. to 9 P.M.; Fridays and Saturdays, 9 A.M. to 5 P.M.; Sundays, 1 P.M. to 5 P.M. 31 Engle Street, Englewood.
But the company had a one-time gain of $:78 million ($129 million) related to the recovery of disputed sales taxes paid in Brazil.
Nine plays later, Martin zipped a pass to Peerless Price and he dived into the end zone on a 3-yard play that helped make it 22-3 with 6:06 left in the third quarter.
Tonight at 8:30; tomorrow and Sunday at 2 and 8:30 P.M., Filene Center, Wolf Trap, 1624 Trap Road, Vienna, Va., (203) 218-6500.
The number of lawyers in the country has grown from 2,000 in 1979 to 100,000 today.
''The widow is more inauspicious than all other inauspicious things,'' it says.
Another station in San Antonio is supposed to begin broadcasting in April, its content built around the Tejano music made popular by the slain singer Selena.
It should feel authentically French and yet comfortably New York, not a pale imitation of the Bistrot des Augustins but a place that combines many of its bistro qualities with the invention and vigor of this city.
There, Jean Giuliano, 81, said she understood the family's anguish.
Thirty-four years old, penniless and pregnant with Hank's child, she seeks him out at his cabin in the rugged mountains of northern Arizona in an attempt to create a stable home for the baby.
And it was that plan that prompted vigorous discussion about how, or even whether, Rockefeller Center could balance esthetic sensibilities with commercial pressures.
Posso has broached the idea of moving to Albuquerque permanently, but Thugwane has so far declined.
He cited a number of encouraging trends, including the birth rate for unmarried black women, which has reached a 40-year low, and the high school graduation rate of black youngsters, which now equals that of whites.
Hasek is tied with the Dallas goalie Ed Belfour for the league lead in shutouts.
It is a process, some journalists said, that shows why reporters, who need prosecutors to get their articles and broadcast reports, rarely scrutinize prosecutors as rigorously as they do other public officials.
Nonetheless, many African-Americans feel betrayed and insulted by what happened, and have told prospective students to beware of what could be an isolating experience.
Careful watch, because they are as well camouflaged against the white walls as they would be on an ice floe.
The experience of Nicaragua in 1990 serves as a good precedent.
And the band's guitar riffs are both its strength and its limitation.
Mr. Fonda is an incentive to watch ''The Tempest'' (NBC, date to be announced).
''The Real Blonde,'' which also stars Matthew Modine and Daryl Hannah, centers on an interconnected group of characters whose lives are dependent on industries that advance artifice over art: fashion and entertainment.
Another American official said that the Clinton Administration, under pressure from Republicans who have denounced the agreement as a capitulation to President Saddam Hussein of Iraq, said the Administration was likely to press for the strongest possible interpretation of the accord, that is, the interpretation favored by Mr. Butler and the experts of his Special Commission, known as Unscom.
He added: ''This is not just him.
To the Editor: Re ''Where All Doors Are Open for Disabled Students'' (front page, Dec. 28): As the parent of a special-education student, I believe that New York City and state should take a lesson from the Vermont inclusion experience.
Her cousin Karolina, though also a widow, no longer wears black and has clearly not sworn off the pleasures of life.
He builds on the ''documentary hypothesis'' accepted by most biblical scholars since the 19th century, but tilts it in a surprising direction.
Dioxin is a cancer-causing compound that is a byproduct of chemical processing.
Attorney General-elect Eliot L. Spitzer announced yesterday that a former member of the State Assembly, Daniel L. Feldman, who unsuccessfully sought a Congressional seat this year, would join his staff in January.
Ms. Grunwald mocked ''all the people on television saying 'Poor Hillary, poor Hillary,' '' adding, ''Hillary's just fine.''
The court papers say the elder Mr. Kelly woke his son by shaking him and confronted him with the allegation.
The panel cannot compel the city to follow its directives.
Mr. Anzaldi called Ms. Gierbolini's efforts to share custody ''shooting in the dark,'' and said, ''I would not consider that.''
On the 403-yard fifth hole, he nearly holed his wedge and, after the others missed birdie attempts, he rolled in a five-footer to collect the $100,000.
The couple graduated from Duke University, the bridegroom summa cum laude.
Finding a place is as simple as using a search engine and much faster than trying to use coordinates like F-3 to find something on a paper map.
Sosa now has 20 home runs in his last 21 games, and 29 for the season.
Mr. Birtwistle is represented by a new production of his savage-beautiful opera ''Punch and Judy'' and by a new set of piano pieces, ''Harrison's Clocks,'' written for Joanna MacGregor.
What is more New York than becoming outraged when you are being wronged although you are absolutely right?
They are tired of all these people on television talking endlessly about something that everybody knows more about than they ever wanted to know about.''
Many Americans sleepwalk through high school even though the wages of poorly performing high school graduates have plummeted since 1979.
''That bracelet is what I've always wanted,'' said the very young thing.
Genentech announced plans to distribute Herceptin to morbidly ill women through what is called a ''compassionate-access program'' two days after Dienst died, in August 1995.
Brian Deane, a $4 million-a-year import from England, gave the Benfica faithful what they wanted, scoring the first two goals in a 3-1 victory.
By the time you get to the ending, you lack the spirit to celebrate the surprising changes of Forever and Forever and its manically resurrected Old Ones.
Only one Super Bowl has generated a rating below 40.3 since 1972, a 39.0 for San Francisco's 55-10 thrashing of Denver in 1990.
The Wildcats just looked disinterested, and that was enough to put Purdue on top by 17-7.
Mr. Mahoney is taking me to the one place on the East End where otter sightings have been reported -- the Long Pond Greenbelt, a 6.2-mile chain of coastal ponds that stretches from Sag Harbor to the Atlantic Ocean.
Its conclusions were unequivocal: ''Silicone gel breast implants are not associated with any greater health risk than other surgical implants.''
His band's new album, ''The Pace Is Glacial,'' represents its first recorded work in two years and actually kicks things up a notch.
It is now a hardware store.
One of the chief goals of Dogma was to eschew the idea of the auteur, but, Mr. Vinterberg admitted, things have turned out quite differently.
A senior aide at the National Security Council, Maureen E. Tucker, repeatedly pressed for a rapid decision in forwarding early drafts of the Presidential decision paper to associates at the council.
By race, 140 cases were black, 60 were Hispanic and 50 white.
Lee Konitz/Brad Mehldau/Charlie Haden, ''Alone Together'' (Blue Note/Capitol).
Waiting for Clinton So what if Billy McShane, 5, thought he was waiting to see George Washington.
Mr. Netanyahu, to better defend the agreement before his Cabinet and his angry right wing, has tried to have every ''gray area'' in the agreement ''turned into black and white,'' an American official said today, no matter how embarrassing that may be to Mr. Arafat.
Tickets, $500, from (212) 997-0100.
''With 180 adult teams and 21 girls' teams, there is still a list of 45 to 50 teams waiting to get in.''
Razi Nikkhah, a Kurd, said he drives three hours to the library from his home in Rhode Island for Ms. Saeedpour's special exhibits.
I was appalled reading the description of the late Sanford Meisner's teaching methods.
The problem may sound silly, but condom distributors say it is not.
In 1992, the State Legislature required for-profit insurance companies to offer policies to high-risk customers.
The committee, which is considering whether to vote impeachment charges against the President, is scheduled to question Mr. Starr on Thursday in what is anticipated as a moment of high drama.
Devoted father of Robin, Lynne and Laurie.
But Mr. Jacobson and his co-conspirators -- Mr. Boyd, 21 Publishing and the editors of Modern Painters -- said Mr. Boyd's work was not intended to expose the shallowness of the New York art world.
Now Mr. Strahan, who also found time to get a master's degree in history, has written a frank and funny corporate biography of sorts.
Lisa Mielke, an environmental educator with the Aquarium for Wildlife Conservation, will talk to ages 7 to 10 about the world of these misunderstood predators.
Aside from the EV1 electric car that is leased (in very low volume) through Saturn dealers in California and Arizona, the three-door coupe unveiled in Boston is the first big leap in Saturn's lineup since sales began in 1990.
I began reading about the posters and soon realized that there was a great deal still to be discovered about them.''
''No one cares,'' one Republican member said as he rushed from the chamber, noting that he and others had tickets to a Billy Joel concert tonight in Washington.
As in previous debates, he and Mr. Larocca noted that Ms. McCaughey Ross switched from the Republican Party just a year ago, and accused her of altering her positions for political convenience.
spokeswoman declined to comment, and Mr. Bensinger did not return telephone calls.
Our forces also attacked a factory in Sudan associated with the bin Laden network.
GOLDMAN MEMORIAL BAND, Damrosch Park, Lincoln Center.
For TACA -- shorthand for Transportes Aereos Centro Americanos -- that means more head-to-head competition with some of the giants of the industry on what could be less than favorable terms.
As a former New Yorker who will always be a New Yorker at heart, I find rudeness is one of the things I miss most.
He has missed his goal several times; the heat and humidity of a marathon in Siberia forced him to stop, and he missed his limit by 53 seconds in Stockholm.
It will be performed on Wednesday at 10:30 A.M. and 12:30 P.M. Mark Twain's ''Tom Sawyer,'' presented by the American Family Theater of Philadelphia, has been adapted as a musical with all the familiar characters, including Huck Finn, and scheduled for Friday at 10:30 A.M. and 2:30 P.M. Tickets for each show are $8, available by calling 358-6333.
Dorothy Bird Nyswander, who was widely regarded as a primary promoter of public health education in this country, died on Dec. 18 at her home in Berkeley, Calif. She was 104.
They are intense with chocolate and incredibly good.
''If I were a smoker, I would certainly take the replacement for a while, but not forever,'' Dr. Conti-Fine said.
Luxury: The fashion crowd fills the elegant Four Seasons on the Via del Gesy at this time of year.
teams with longer winning streak this season -- 11 games each.
There are clap skates for speed skaters, although those are not quite as new as one might imagine.
9/12/98 --Mark, Armond and I work the crowd over hot dogs and pony rides at the Y.M.C.A.
For many years, the Cantor and Boas families have been devoted friends of our medical school and respected members of our Society of Founders.
It has some strong language.
But Sanders has flourished on Monday nights already.
When he tried to sell it abroad -- the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum was one of the interested buyers -- the Italian state intervened, citing a law that bans the sale of state treasures.
Grant F. Winthrop, President Board of Trustees Dorothy A. Hutcheson Head of School
Wyatt Tee Walker, the pastor of the Canaan Baptist Church in Harlem -- would wage a three-pronged campaign against them.
Until Mr. Clegg's flight, scientists did not know if the technique would work with whooping cranes.
The 18th-century physician George Cheyne specifically said it was a disease for well-fed and hearty types.
Words are one thing, actions are another.
Saban, who had won a championship in the old American Football League, called and apologized a few days later.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
Oil declined again on fear of a protracted global glut and insufficient OPEC cuts.
In general, analysts and portfolio managers say, Kellogg's new marketing initiatives are at least a year too late, product innovation has been slow and spotty, and the company is still struggling to find the right pricing mix.
But the psychology began to change with a speech on Sept. 11 by Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin, which broke weeks of silence from the Clinton Administration that had left investors confused about United States policy.
The company's shares rose $2.375 yesterday, or 4.5 percent, to close at $55.375.
Unlike the much smaller contingent before them, Generation X, which came of age during a recession, these teen-agers are far more willing to embrace consumerism as an indoor sport.
''I have achieved what I came here to achieve,'' Mr. Clinton said, referring mostly to the vote by Palestinian leaders on Monday to eliminate calls for Israel's destruction from their charter.
Sally Ann Voehl, a daughter of Mary and David Voehl of Pine Brook, N.J., is to be married this afternoon in Princeton, N.J., to Caleb Alexander Dailey, a son of Karen and Dale Dailey of DeWitt, Mich.
At 1333 P Street, N.W., Washington.
The elongated figures in ''From 'Learning to Learn Anew' '' are the result of his having dragged a picture through a photocopier.
Eleven years ago Cheryl McKnight dropped out of high school in Sumter, S.C., about 120 miles southeast of here, to get married and start a family.
[S]he would have embellished the story.
''The President has his own actions to justify,'' he said.
Approximate running times are in parentheses.
302, is the player who was given the wild card that McEnroe declined.
Its names include A.& P., Waldbaum's, Food Emporium, Super Foodmart, Super Fresh, Farmer Jack, Kohl's, Sav-A-Center, Dominion and Food Basics.
This provoked a torrent of response.
Chamblee, who started the third round tied for the lead with Chris DiMarco, had a 68 on the 6,893-yard Northview Golf and Country Club course.
It seems a short step to the world of artists like David McDermott and Peter McGough, who have not only adopted 19th-century photographic methods, but dress and life style as well.
Oxford's no ordinary Southern town.
''Based on the rents they will be getting, they could sell it now, though they have no plans to do so, for at least $28 million.''
The Ty Cobb-led Tigers lost two of three in Pittsburgh that year -- the Pirates' first in a new park named Forbes Field -- and went on to lose the World Series in seven games as Honus Wagner outhit Cobb .333 to .231.
The final deal, shown in the diagram, seemed likely to give victory to the Poles.
He added, ''He has maintained his authenticity as a person and not taken on any professional veneer, which is very refreshing.''
It got to the point where I just decided not to tell anything about myself, which was childish.
That's one more victory than the total won by the 1954 Cleveland Indians, who won 111 games in a 154-game season.
Human rights advocates like Harry Wu, the Chinese-born American citizen who has made this a crusade and who helped investigate the New York case, say it is impossible for condemned prisoners in China's harsh penal system to give voluntary consent for their organs to be used.
It is illegal and has the potential to wreak havoc on the entire New York State racing industry.
He received E-mail from as far away as Japan as suggestions about lyrics and digital beats for the song-in-progress streamed into the studio.
an agreeable bit of bluster.
He is considered capable, if he is willing to testify, of implicating the Yugoslav President, Slobodan Milosevic, who has not been indicted.
Mitsubishi's promotional material makes much of the sedan's passing resemblance to the ''chiseled look'' of the Diamante.
The segment was originally set to run yesterday but was pushed back to next Sunday, the last day of the Olympics.
Mr. Siegelman, who has hired several former Miller aides for his campaign, has proposed a lottery plan that is virtually identical to Georgia's.
''I wouldn't have a party any other way,'' he said between high fives and hugs.
That did not stop the Southern Republican Leadership Conference, representing Republicans from 13 states, from conducting what may be the earliest party-sponsored straw poll in a Presidential campaign.
He signed a $6.6 million contract with the Yankee organization.
Members of the moderate coalition that backs Mr. Khatami called for the ''personal intervention'' of Iran's spiritual leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.
THOUGH the Encarta organization says it has the biggest research staff, Britannica is bigger, article for article.
And the Cafe des Artistes, 1 West 67th Street, has reopened for lunch and dinner.
As part of the requirement, students must submit what the board calls a ''reflection'' on their service -- an essay, a video project, an oral report -- according to the measure passed by the district's school board last week.
The limited-sales plan was adopted by a 13-to-4 vote as part of the agency's 1999 budget, in which it plans to spend $150 million to improve bus and subway service.
However much he overstated, the editors nevertheless cite Jerome's Homily 7 on Psalm 67 as example.
Associates said they did not believe his involvement with the book was the reason, but rather some other activity -- possibly contacts with the former Communist Party chief Zhao Ziyang, who has been under house arrest in Beijing since he was ousted in 1989 for being too soft on the student demonstrators.
''Texans are not focusing on the governor's race yet,'' Mr. Mauro said.
One of the Board's meeting rooms was dedicated to James J. McPoland, a Democrat representing Yonkers, who served from 1971 to 1979 and was the Board's minority leader in 1972 and 1973.
James Allen Gordon, the Queens man convicted two weeks ago of killing three women and trying to kill two others, sat quietly in court yesterday as members of his family chronicled the details of his short, wretched life in an attempt to save it.
Others wonder whether at a time when private companies wield power over on-line behavior by computer code, constitutional principles should regulate private as well as state action.
And all, when it is politically advantageous to do so, call themselves ''black.''
With this method, Dr. Stice said, 5 to 10 percent of the group's attempts to create embryos from adult cells have been successful.
''Avalon is onto something,'' said Catherine Pancak, professor of real estate at the University of Connecticut at Storrs.
There is no way to verify what actually took place.
Once again, smaller stocks took bigger hits yesterday than their large-capitalization brethren.
Fishing with ''long lines,'' for example, is the main method of catching tuna, swordfish and other species in the open seas.
Billy Childish, the reigning world champion of garage rock, has worked on the docks and been on the dole; he loves the writing of Knut Hamson but has trouble keeping all the names straight in Russian novels.
In the late 1960's, when he visited Madame Tussaud's Wax Museum in London, he said, he was aghast that there were no black figures.
's complaint charged that these claims were false and violated Federal law because 90 percent of those who took part in the pyramid lost their money.
The man, Gerald Dennis, 36, was listed in stable condition at Kings County Hospital Center after the plunge, said Detective Joseph Pentangelo, a Police Department spokesman.
Cameras and computers at strategic intersections are taking note of thousands of violations annually, and doling out more citations than an equivalent number of flesh-and-blood officers could write up.
In the agreement announced in London today, BMW said it had acquired the Rolls-Royce name -- and the ''Spirit of Ecstasy'' emblem that adorns the hoods of Rolls-Royce cars -- from Rolls-Royce P.L.C.
Anyone looking carefully through the haze might have discerned the spirit of Mr. Davis and the younger Ms. Greco -- now a Left Bank neighborhood preservationist -- bopping to the live jazz duo that was the backdrop to Mr. Gaultier's show.
To this day, Mr. Posada maintains that he did not order the bombing and blames a Cuban colleague in Venezuelan intelligence for the action, which he called ''stupid.''
This time, however, the Government has promised to cooperate with the new team.
''We want the world to be an ordered room, but in a corner of that room there hangs an untidy web,'' he writes.
He has hired a director of development and one for public relations and marketing.
''If parents want the illusion of control, then I think they should scamper out and buy this kit and use it,'' said Dr. Daniel H. Gottlieb, a family therapist in suburban Philadelphia and an adviser to the Federal Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration.
''The minute I feel the Vogue brand is in bed with Elizabeth Arden and then read an article about how Elizabeth Arden wrinkle cream is the best on the market, I don't believe it,'' Mr. Adamson said.
Services today, 10AM, Riverside Nassau North Chapel, Great Neck.
''He's much more amenable at election time,'' said a Washington lobbyist for a civil rights group, speaking on the condition of anonymity.
Plath's gravestone, which bore her married name, was repeatedly defaced, the ''Hughes'' chipped off.
Now we're on the verge of winning six and it's a different approach.
Last year, cashmere was considered a luxury.
Their desperate father, Oliva, had signed a contract with some American promoters to display the babies at the World's Fair then being held in Chicago.
In The Globe, he admitted, ''The fact is, I just wanted to go home after 23 years in prison, and I had no other opportunity of ever getting home.''
For giant companies like Coca-Cola or Philip Morris, it may be more difficult to establish intrinsic value, so he relies heavily on a model of discounted free cash flow.
Martinez walked, Quinton McCracken sacrificed and Wade Boggs singled.
''He said, 'You're a smart girl.
''You're a fake; this isn't you,'' the writer concludes.
He has some support, because he has consistently urged a more aggressive posture in tackling Japan's economic problems, but he has also made missteps over the years.
Perhaps a fellow who looks this grandfatherly can't help but inspire respect from the profligate bunch of millionaires who pilfered away the first half of the season under Campbell.
Some clubs falter for the social or emotional reasons that apply to many collective endeavors -- bickering, perhaps, or boredom.
Nine months ago the National Front, for years the most powerful far-right movement in Western Europe, turned French politics upside down: it lured moderate conservatives into political alliances that had been anathema.
In the game's most surreal moment, the protesters waved their T-shirts and banners jubilantly at halftime as the public-address system played the macarena.
Martina Hingis has neither an eye-catching coiffure nor an imposing physique, and the only things about her appearance that hint at her profession are the calluses on her right palm.
It was only after Jean-Marie Leblanc, the director of the race, consulted with government officials and promised some changes -- including questioning in team hotels rather than police stations -- that the riders called off their second sitdown.
We will miss his strength, his guidance, his warmth, his good humor and his unfailing confidence in our future.
Everything about the development is outsized.
In addition to fancy food shops, they now sell to Northwest Airlines and Kings Super Markets in New Jersey.
He drop-stepped beneath the Wildcats' Michael Bradley for a reverse layup that was sweetly touched off the glass.
But the Internet now allows some dealers to market their low-cost cars to anyone with a computer and a modem.
''No one attributes the drop in crime in New York City to policies coming out of Albany,'' said Robert Gangi, executive director of the Correctional Association of New York.
''I'm not going to say it's making progress because that would mislead you,'' he said.
Law enforcement officials have said the group was responsible for a string of bank robberies, murders and assaults on police officers.
She was around that, you know, working in that, and I would talk to her, and she was always very friendly and very nice, but that conversation, I was so agitated and she seemed to be in very difficult straits.
But what it does have is the best handling of the three cars that have tested at Daytona this winter, which could make all the difference in the race.
During the last Presidential campaign, the sex life of the Republican nominee, Bob Dole, came under scrutiny, but not only potential Presidents have been held to the higher standard.
And two weeks after the drug arrest, Taylor was given three traffic summonses for leaving the scene of an accident on Route 80 in Saddle Brook, N.J.
Today Secretary of State Madeleine K. Albright, Defense Secretary William S. Cohen and Treasury Secretary Robert E. Rubin issued a public appeal for Congressional support, saying the nation's economy and national security were at stake.
NEW JERSEY PERFORMING ARTS CENTER Simentera de Cabo Verde, Portuguese music.
But in wines like Mr.
Greg Norman, who barely made the cut after an 82 on Friday, shot a 77 to finish at 299.
LoVecchio then hooked up with Relay on a 46-yard pass on Bergen Catholic's second play of the third quarter.
Richard N. Haass, a Middle East expert in the Reagan and Bush White Houses and now at the Brookings Institution, says the museum visit was, in principle, a good idea badly handled.
And keep this sauce in mind for the next time you have shrimp or fillets of white fish.
's fleet of over 1,000 cars are operating properly.
The First Charter Corporation agreed yesterday to acquire the HFNC Financial Corporation for $241 million in stock, more than doubling its business in the Charlotte, N.C., area.
Only the children seemed curious, gathering around my hut to observe me in my utter stillness.
The actual anniversary of the city's consolidation was on New Year's Day, but organizers thought the summer's first weekend would provide a natural opportunity to herald both history and warm weather by piggybacking onto the many events that always take place this time of year.
Surrealism, like Dada, one had to conclude, was basically a male affair, and this remained the institutional take even after the women's movement began to pry open the doors to temples of high culture in the early 1970's, correcting and augmenting the historical record.
''Even though we know Jackie is a very good writer, we all know that most journalists think they have the great American novel in them and we didn't know whether it would work.''
A closer look reveals the leather briefcase at his feet and the car keys in his hand: he's working on a weekend.
It was a two-hour drive northeast to Kinabalu Park, where I planned to spend two days hiking and exploring with my guide, Mr. Liang.
While you can achieve intimacy amid the hurly-burly, you might also consider an off hour.
I had my tutu on, starched within an inch of its life, and I wore a headband with flowers from the 5-and-10 sewn all across the top, like I was some grand ballerina.
According to Ms. Lewinsky's account, given by her lawyers to the independent counsel, she discussed the subpoena with Mr. Clinton and he told her if she did not have the gifts, she would not have to turn them over, said lawyers familiar with the account provided by Ms. Lewinsky to the Whitewater independent counsel.
By setting up its own insurance company, Fidelity gains an advantage over fund companies that might go to outside insurers for coverage.
Between July and August, the line forms early so plan to arrive well before the 8:30 A.M. station opening.
A Tower on Theater Row Meanwhile, developers and officials say, the 42d Street boom will feed development in surrounding neighborhoods, especially farther west along 42d, toward the Hudson River.
Mr. McCabe adopts a straight chronological approach to Cagney's life, from the actor's childhood on the streets of the Lower East Side and Yorkville through his days as a song-and-dance man in saloons and on the stage to Hollywood stardom.
Olazabal had his second straight five-under-par 67 for 134 and a one-stroke lead over the American John Cook, who had a 66.
Lay back, take your opponent's best shots, let him tire himself out -- and then pounce.
Representative Steve Chabot of Cincinnati, a Republican, sits on the committee.
Some editors, including Ms. Gillard-Jones, have said that the recent trend is just a natural extension of their style.
Ivars Berzins, the lawyer for the Lithuanian, Aloyzas Balsys, argued that the protection should apply because his client's fear of prosecution was real.
His first tied the game at 1-1 at 13:23 of the second period, and it came on the power play when a shot by Brian Leetch hit both MacLean and a Bruin.
W. Richard West, the director of the Smithsonian Institution's National Museum of the American Indian, said the Pequots' museum was tremendous poetic justice for ''a people and a culture that had been left for dead.''
As dozens of Flint workers stood in the hot sun today while waving ''On Strike'' placards, the strikers are convinced that the public strongly supports them.
''The President believes that cannot be achieved without Federal legislation.''
To complement the living experts, there are deft cameo portraits of such scientific precursors as Louis Agassiz and James Hutton, and character studies of more obscure figures -- most notably David Love's diary-keeping mother, a clear-eyed pioneer woman whose ghost carries the narrative structure of ''Rising From the Plains.''
''I want to play well, but before, I don't want to say it ate at me, but when I didn't play well it really, really, really bothered me because I did play well for so long.
The price that Chinese immigrants pay to be smuggled has climbed, Mr. Kwong said -- to about $45,000 today from $30,000 in the days of the Golden Venture, five years ago.
Dr. Simon, 41, is also something of a child of Hollywood.
Most of the major fund-raisers are private universities like Harvard, Cornell and Stanford; a few are public, like Michigan and Illinois.
''He wouldn't let us get on base hardly.
Unruffled by Asia's crisis and buoyed by the promising job market, American consumers approached 1998 with more confidence about their economic future than they have expressed in almost three decades, according to the December survey by the Conference Board.
But that could prove to be a flimsy reason because the bill maintains the status quo on that issue and actually expands it a bit.
How long he remains in Federal prison has nothing to do with the peace talks, and should not have become a disruptive issue in the last hours of the Maryland summit meeting.
''But it was like no other casino I'd ever been,'' he said.
Beloved member of the Sisters of Charity, Convent Mary the Queen, died Saturday, August 29, 1998.
Meanwhile, Joseph Caracappa, a Republican and chairman of the Suffolk County Legislature Sports and Recreation Committee, said he had long sought Seldin's interest in moving to Suffolk.
Drain and serve the shrimp immediately, garnished with lemon wedges.
In addition to Goldman, Sachs and Lehman, the other banks chosen to handle large parts of the privatization program are Salomon Smith Barney, Jardine Fleming, Morgan Stanley Dean Witter, Credit Suisse First Boston and SBC Warburg Dillon Read.
Paul Brichta was a rare individual whose kindness was felt by all.
The surge of optimism that accompanied the United Nations-sponsored election has slipped away.
Though rock, college music and alternative musical styles are at a commercial ebb, this is oddly one of the festival's strongest lineups in several years.
Sytia Messer led the Razorbacks (13-4, 3-2) with 18 points.
Advocates for greater controls on small-arms trade point out that so-called small arms and light weapons -- assault rifles, grenades, mortars -- have caused more death and destruction in the last 50 years than nuclear, biological and chemical weapons, which are the objects of international alarm and controls.
He broke off a stalk from a two-foot-high plant.
It all seems so coherent now.
Assembly District 30 (Queens): Margaret Markey, a Democrat, is making overcrowded schools her prime issue, in contrast to Michael Kuzmicz, her Republican opponent, who is focusing on crime.
American negotiators want both countries to halt their production of weapons-grade plutonium and uranium, the stuff of bombs -- something Pakistan is especially reluctant to do.
(106) The President thus contended that he had not committed perjury on that question in the Jones deposition -- even assuming that Monica Lewinsky performed oral sex on him.
Six months after New Jersey missed its latest Federal deadline to toughen its automobile emissions inspection program, the State Treasurer, James A. DiEleuterio, yesterday awarded a $392 million contract to build and operate the system to the lone bidder, Parsons Infrastructure and Technology Group of Pasadena, Calif.
WHEN Lisa Benne left her job as a seller of medical diagnostic equipment two years ago to join the Essential Data Corporation, a Stamford consulting firm, little did she expect to get breakfast at the office every morning, not to mention massages and other eclectic thank-you's, courtesy of her boss.
EXTRA POINT TYRONE WHEATLEY was reported to have had the flu and left practice early.
Republican committee aides said today that they would most likely cancel a deposition scheduled for Thursday with Robert S. Bennett, Mr. Clinton's personal lawyer in the Paula Corbin Jones sexual-misconduct case.
But he rejected the city's argument that the neighborhood could not possibly accommodate the thousands of people expected to attend the march, which is scheduled to take place from 7 A.M. to 7 P.M. on Sept. 5.
Dance DAYTON CONTEMPORARY DANCE COMPANY.
''He was always there, like a sponge.
AMERICAN NUMISMATIC SOCIETY, Audubon Terrace, Broadway at 155th Street, Washington Heights.
Cassell hit the free throw to cut the deficit to 1 at 97-96.
But perhaps that was never Mr. Danielpour's intention.
Not that all the decision-making is especially convenient.
Frederick Lee, a New York inventor, has patented a surveillance and recording system that uses a battery of video cameras to monitor what happens to a plane in flight.
Source: MCM Corporatewatch Ratings: Moody's Investors Service/Standard & Poor's Corp./Duff & Phelps Credit.
True patience, I see now, is being able to feed a duck for an hour near a river that begs to be paddled, or to drift under hanging branches while singing, ''Row, Row, Row Your Boat'' and -- here's the key -- enjoying it.
But many ''Titanic'' fans who posted replies on the linked message board, were fawning.
Instead of merely spending a few nights at a farmhouse inn in Tuscany, or ensconced in a charming village in Provence and dining in the local cafes, travelers are signing up for cooking classes in places like these.
A few days later, Davis hired them all back.
Oddly enough, though, Baerga's name has surfaced in persistent trade rumors involving the Orioles, White Sox and others.
Only the pilot should be aware of the ultimate destination of the weapons, he said.
For academics, Godzilla is the golem come to the rescue in a morally untenable situation.
Before becoming director of the colony, he was headmaster of Kendall Hall, a private girls' school founded by his father that had moved from Massachusetts to Peterborough.
This Verona is a small Italian town, and it is this smallness that makes it impossible for the feuding clans, the Montagues and the Capulets, to avoid the skirmishes that end in tragedy.
During monsoons, rains poured through the roof and collected in puddles on the uneven floor.
Then the waitresses start a seemingly endless parade, bearing the small, beautifully arranged ''classic little dishes'' and ''seasonal offerings'' to their tables.
Tonight and tomorrow at 9 and 11 P.M. Cover: $40; two-drink minimum.
''But 24 to 48 hours is the most critical time.''
We tend to picture Pollocks in black and white, partly because we know them from black-and-white reproductions and partly because we focus so much on his use of line.
Sprewell is accused of injuring two people after driving 90 miles per hour and slamming his car into another vehicle as he tried to swerve back onto a freeway from an exit lane.
Written by Dorothy and DuBose Heyward, authors of the novel and play on which the opera ''Porgy and Bess'' is based, ''Mamba's Daughters'' is the episodic story of the heroic efforts of an uneducated black woman, played with enormous appeal by the charismatic Heather Gillespie, to insure that her own gifted daughter grows up to be somebody.
The Ford Motor Company, expressing concern about the death rate of people in cars hit from the side, plans to announce on Wednesday that it will offer side air bags on all of its cars and Ford Windstar mini-vans over the next several years, company officials said today.
Claris Ramos and Richard A. Sukkar Jr. were married yesterday in Austin, Tex.
He opened a store directly across the street, and continued his tradition, much to the love and enjoyment of the citizens of Bayonne!
The reason has much to do with the direction of women's designer fashion: as clothing styles have become more minimal and casual, the feet are increasingly where customers choose to make their statement.
In an essay in the brochure accompanying the show, Carl Hazelwood refers the strong influence on Mr. Shaw of his grandmother Emma Lottie, who was a suffragist in Louisiana, the artist's home state.
''Not likely we would have ever met.
The principal grape in this and other Chiantis is sangiovese.
''You can't draw a Maginot Line at the borders of your country and say you are going to compete on a global basis,'' he said.
Noah arap Too, the chief of the criminal investigative division, and his top deputy, Peter Mbuvi, have not responded to repeated telephone messages left at their offices and homes.
The age of innocence is over, and none too soon.
Sirotka (6-4) got his third complete game in 10 starts this season, striking out six and walking two.
Dr. Ozkaynak said that it could theoretically be used to treat any solid tumor, pending Food and Drug Administration approval of the device that is used for the procedure.
Microsoft has misused, and continues to misuse, its Windows operating system monopoly by requiring PC OEM's to agree, as a condition of acquiring a license to the Windows operating system, to adopt the uniform ''boot-up'' sequence and ''desktop'' screen specified by Microsoft.
West Virginia's Marc Bulger completed 34 of 51 passes, both Insight.com Bowl records, for 429 yards and four second-half touchdowns to bring the Mountaineers back from a 21-point deficit.
Meanwhile, Kanell's teammates were making good-natured jokes about how sickly Kanell appeared.
Last month, lack of interest by airlines forced the company to slow development of the new 777's, delaying their expected delivery beyond 2000.
During election campaigns, we don't bother to talk about it.
The party has gained power only once before in the 50 years since India gained its independence from Britain, and the Government it formed, in 1996, lasted only 13 days.
At the tribunal's special sex-crime unit, officials say they go to great lengths to protect a victim's identity and, if necessary, that of other witnesses.
Prison officials have decided that Mr. Harris will have no contact with the nearly 2,000 other inmates at Clinton, most of whom have been convicted of drug offenses or violent crimes.
Treasury prices fell for the first time in more than a week on uncertainty over a rate cut.
Chernomyrdin has told me that he recognizes the validity'' of the monetary fund's program for restoring the Russian economy.
By comparison, the Vanguard Group charges 0.20 percent annually on its Bond Index: Short Term Portfolio, which tracks the same index as Schwab Short Term Bond.
''I don't know if I have a job now,'' he said.
''We were getting everything we wanted,'' Ewing said of the early going.
Without the dike, it would take out the bed and wipe out the creek.''
With that, he proceeded to ''eat'' the blades, spewing ''blood'' all over himself and onto a few audience members close to the stage.
The Eagles are struggling and they have never been worse under Ray Rhodes, but somehow he'll have his players ready.
Her mother is the assistant director of tutoring services at the College of New Rochelle.
But there is still a debate among economists over if and when the Fed would decide to lower interest rates.
This is an important moment to give a secure and peaceful future for our children and the children of our neighbors, the Palestinians.
''As they lifted it, the officer came tumbling through the driver side window, and I watched him fall out and land on his head.
She was at home in Greenwich Village watching their wedding video with friends, he said.
''Minority teachers serve as role models for all students, and often bring critical understandings and perspectives to the classroom,'' the task force said.
But Pettitte struck out Canseco.
Mr. Walden is the biggest tobacco grower, he thinks, in Barren County, which produces more tobacco than any other county in the state.
''He left all his friends behind,'' he said.
In January 1911, two aged, impoverished Brooklyn residents, Herman Robinovitch and his wife -- she was unnamed in news accounts -- showed up at a hearing for Robin offering to help.
The manager of the building, who refused to give his name, said: ''The sign is up.
Sun, confirmed in an interview.
Perhaps that is because his contributions to American popular culture are so profound as to be intangible.
Henry Ford (1863-1947) (Larry Daggett) By cutting production costs, adapting the assembly line to automobile manufacture and designing a standardized car, Ford's company became the largest automobile producer in the world.
The administration also could decide to hold off on any immediate response to give more time to test Iraqi compliance or gauge support in the Security Council for a tough response.
Berrigan rose from his seat to give the homily; draping a stole over his paisley shirt, he consecrated the Eucharist at the prep table in the back.
The $1.5 million penalty is the largest criminal penalty in a food poisoning case, Federal officials said.
Mr. Livoti was earlier acquitted in state court, and the verdict prompted sharp debate about police brutality in New York.
Attacking the President's private behavior as a campaign tactic, one Republican House member said this week, ''is a dead horse.''
The boat, which was overall winner in the I.M.S. division last year, has been a trend setter.
In the wake of all this, some of Mr. Keady's friends wondered why he had left a championship soccer team he loved.
Although Detective Wrynn will not receive a pension, his resignation was accepted with the approval of Police Commissioner Howard Safir -- the department's equivalent of an honorable discharge, and a courtesy that angered many investigators.
But to do that, Faldo must improve his putting, which has become the most suspect part of his game.
Cooper in Deal for British Company Cooper Industries of Houston said that it had acquired the British company TLG, formerly known as Thorn Lighting Group, for $535 million in cash.
At the first recital, he noted that in Hollywood movies, the English are typically cast as bad guys or butlers, and stated his willingness to serve as Bach's butler.
for Quebec, the Devils and St. Louis.
All such talk has ended now, with William left free to have as normal an adolescence as an heir apparent dressed in a morning coat and striped trousers at Eton can have.
Shaquille O'Neal led the Lakers with 25 points, and Eddie Jones added 20.
Mohammed injured a shoulder during the S.E.C.
To finance the project, he solicited $1 million from Zhejiang Furun, a textile conglomerate in his home province of Zhejiang.
By running the two ads in media markets where they were most certainly not intended to be shown -- or at least by talking about doing so -- Democrats hope to dramatize internal contradictions in the Senator's campaign.
Hinchey (D) Nay Nay 27.
Mr. Sorrell was born in Washington, went to schools there and became fascinated by photography.
''To be honest, though, I don't think anybody really thought the Taliban were serious about closing us down.
Congress seems particularly confused about what the endgame is, and in some cases it questions the value of bombing at all unless the purpose is to get rid of Mr. Hussein.
Still, there was nothing to suggest that he would soon be coaching the United States in the World Cup any time soon.
Visitors were invited to toss effervescent tablets into buckets of water and envision the bubbles as architectural configurations.
Bills, 23-10 DALLAS (8-4) AT NEW ORLEANS (5-7) Dallas goes into this game without either of its starting cornerbacks.
The bill would establish penalties of up to five years in prison and $7,500 in fines for gang members who try to recruit a person to their gangs more than twice in one month.
CLARK-Hazel K. Former alumni office director at Deerfield Academy.
Reduce heat to 450 degrees, and bake 2 minutes.
He apparently spotted this feature that he thought he could pass off as the summit, and it was easy to stage the photograph because Barrill had to climb only a few hundred feet above the glacier floor.''
Melanie Angst of Germany, a blonde 8-year-old who has had 18 operations for congenital defects, was enchanted as Midori played the quick notes of Pablo de Sarasate's ''Tarantella.''
RUSH HOUR -- Jackie Chan teams up with the comedian Chris Tucker (playing a rogue Los Angeles cop) to solve a kidnapping and avert an international crisis.
And they look like active, confident young people.
Today the state is unveiling a computerized system, aimed at making clear what even state officials said were confusing rules for whether an incident should be reported, Mr. Hinkley said.
''I have never wanted to see motor vehicle taxes diverted for any reason other than transportation issues,'' Mr. DeCroce said.
But small businesses and individuals would like to see more domains created to increase the odds of obtaining their own preferred addresses.
''It looked,'' Johnny Oates, the Texas manager, would say, ''that by the time McLemore got the ball, it was too late to get Curtis.''
At $26.1666, the stock trades for about 14 times 1999 earnings estimates, less than half the multiple of 37 for the industry leader, Cintas.
We fondly remember his his enthusiasm for life, his years of dedication to our sport and his impact on thousands in the tennis world.
Morrison has played four games for the Devils and has one goal.
A3 Embassy Bombings Inquiry The F.B.I.
Throughout the day, the friends and foes of Mr. D'Amato took comfort in whatever information they could glean.
'The Old In Out' Barbara Gladstone Gallery 515 West 24th Street Chelsea Through Oct. 17 Sarah Lucas is much touted among the fashionable young Britpack.
When a string of subway cars swings around a curve, the gap between cars at the outer edge of the curve widens by a foot or more, depending on the angle and radius of the curve and the length of the cars.
By going to Costa Rica, he became a free agent and could field offers from all teams.
Through his generosity, Mr. Lippert estabished the Lippert Pavilion at North Shore University Hospital in Manhasset.
Mrs. Williams knows the death penalty is widely debated, but she is not philosophical in the least.
The 11 members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries will meet in Vienna tomorrow to talk about oil prices.
The industry is beginning a nationwide advertising campaign this week on television and radio and in newspapers and magazines touting the June agreement.
LA SEPARATION Directed by Christian Vincent; written (in French, with English subtitles) by Mr. Vincent and Dan Franck, based on the novel by Mr. Franck; director of photography, Denis Lenoir; edited by Francois Ceppi; Bach's ''Goldberg'' Variations performed by Glenn Gould; produced by Claude Berri; released by Phaedra Cinema.
In a genre in which gunning down men, women and babies is as commonplace as ordering a drink, this rare psychological thriller deals with the human conscience.
Jeff Bagwell hit two doubles and his 28th homer, a two-run shot in the eighth for Houston.
Archeologists involved in the excavation are not certain which part of the sprawling palace complex they have uncovered, but believe that one room they found may have served as a library or archive.
They did not play smart.
The New York City panel that sets annual increases for rent-stabilized apartments voted yesterday to delay the release of a survey that would provide the first detailed look at rents since the State Legislature scaled back protections for tenants last year.
The directors and staff of The Library of America note with sadness the death of Alfred Kazin, a long time friend and literary advisor.
Mr. DeStefanis' wife, the former Ethel Engelman, died in 1975.
Over time it's possible that management would have worked to resurrect profitability and price improvement, but you wouldn't have seen it this fast.''
Makamah in Huntingon Orioles migrating (common) 4.
''I don't think he should have did what he did,'' said Mr. Johnson's grandfather, Luther Johnson, as he sat in a lawn chair on the sidewalk outside James Johnson's house.
None of these changes address what might be called the independent counsel culture, in which a counsel, unlike an ordinary prosecutor, has unlimited money to spend and essentially one target to spend it on.
These days, an editor's sharp pencil can be a luxury in the consolidating industry of large trade publishing houses, which through the 1990's have undergone a significant contraction in their editing staffs.
When weather forecasters say there is a 50 percent chance of rain tomorrow, what does that mean?
He said the Federal Government should impose safety standards on bus systems that receive Federal aid, or have the states do so.
Those shortcomings, Judge Pisano said, were ''symptomatic of all of the problems and the lack of performance that has been demonstrated to date by the department.''
The basket came off the 12th pass of the possession and destroyed 34 seconds of seemingly sound man-to-man defense by Yale.
They were hired by a contractor who shipped them out here to Florham Park, then known as Madison.
But we'll wait until tomorrow before we decide on anything.''
11 4 *NAKED, by David Sedaris.
Even if he gives just more than half of his fortune away, Mr. Malone said he would still have a nest egg of hundreds of millions of dollars.
Savatheda Fynes of the Bahamas was second in 11.06.
For the first time since the magazine was founded in February 1925, The New Yorker did not publish a Tilley cover.
The French had objected because Mr. Annan speaks French with, well, an English accent.
The rectangular building at the center of the site, moreover, resembles the icons used to represent spas on early Roman road maps.
Asked what he would be doing when Mr. Clinton was in town, Mr. Vallone responded: ''God only knows -- I haven't the foggiest idea.
It's not the number of teachers.''
The lack of recognition accorded Ben's Kosher Delicatessen Restaurants in comparison to other longtime Manhattan and Queens eateries will change if Mr. Dragoon has anything to say about it, and he does.
It also accuses Microsoft of illegally integrating its browser, Internet Explorer, with the Windows operating system and then claiming that the browser and Windows were never intended to be separate products.
So there you go again, Senator D'Amato, distorting my record.
/ Before the miniaturization in electronics'' and ruminates that ''it ought to matter what battlefield you died on.''
The servants in the court of Cymbeline (the busy Edward Petherbridge, also the star of the company's ''Krapp's Last Tape'') scurry about with the stooped stances and mincing postures of extras in ''The Mikado.''
They felt used by it.
His success at the 1986 U.S. Senior Open at the Scioto C.C.
The Malaysian state bank, Pahang, agreed to acquire 29 percent of the company, Rashid Hussain Bhd., for 530 million ringgit ($139 million).
In individual cases, borrowers and banks have until December to work out payment plans.
There is beauty in ''Six Gestures'' and in the later programs, too -- why not, with Mr. Ma playing Bach?
The bill resurrects an effort to weaken environmental and other regulations that conservatives have been pressing for several years.
''The whole world knows Lilco was fully compensated for that plant.''
Facing the huge costs of building infrastructure, foreign companies have used Telmex facilities.
The family will receive friends at the Humphrey Funeral Home-A.W.
''There were a big bunch of thick booklets, with all these actuarial tables, and no one understood them.
''Like a lot of other young reporters,'' Mr.
Cadet Yolshina was devastated, but encouraged by her father, she wrote a letter to President Boris N. Yeltsin and Defense Minister Igor D. Sergeyev begging for a chance.
The search continued today for the man, Mario Centobie, 32, who was to be tried in December in the fatal shooting of Officer Keith Turner of Moody.
Platinum Technology Inc. said yesterday that it had agreed to buy Learmonth & Burchett Management Systems P.L.C., a London-based software concern, for about $70 million in stock.
Mr. Kulewicz added that the short weaving segment led to many accidents.
Still, they banged out a dozen hits, including eight against the Atlanta left-hander, but it wasn't enough.
Conductors struck and disrupted rail traffic around the country on Friday.
Here are excerpts from a recent conversation with Dr. Lerner, who has been affiliated with the White Plains Hospital Center for about 24 years: Q.
Michael Faulkner, another task force member, and Colleen Roche, the Mayor's press secretary, agreed with that assessment.
''I just wanted them to know the situation and the possibilities.''
Ms. Pixley, who must live at least another year in the halfway house, has two other young sons.
Tomko (6-6) gave up two runs -- one earned -- on eight hits and one walk for his first victory since May 13.
Then it was back to Paris to complete the fall collection she will be showing there on March 11.
And whatever he believes, she just naturally goes along.''
But there have been fragmentary accounts that White House officials were concerned that she had a crush on the President.
''At times while we were making it,'' Mr. Yakin said, ''I would sit there and feel like it's too soft.
Yet, some of these creations are actually produced for sale.
Flip Benham of the anti-abortion group Operation Rescue said that starting April 19 demonstrators will not only gather at clinics and doctors' homes to protest abortion but also hold rallies in front of bookstores to protest child pornography and at high schools to promote abstinence.
As for the present, Mr. Rutherford suggested that Arkansans would appreciate more diversions like Sunday night's football game.
''The only alternative would be for the President to admit publicly, with absolutely no ambiguity, that he did in fact lie under oath, to be followed by a formal finding by the Congress that such lying constituted an impeachable offense meriting removal from office.
Rutz hopes 100 families buy three-acre plots and get back to simple ways of living: plowing with mules, reading by kerosene lamps, drinking from springs and wells.
''But I couldn't tell whose it was at first.''
The Land O'Lakes Holiday Bakeline, (800) 782-9606, has operators on hand through Dec. 24 from 9 A.M. to 7 P.M.; its Web address is www.landolakes.com.
''But I did not feel that way today.
Belle's home run, a solo shot in the sixth inning off Esteban Yan, was his 34th of the season and 16th in 25 games since the All-Star Game break.
Most of the names will be shortened.
In June, the French jockey won the English Derby, another of Europe's showpiece races, on High-Rise, who was never in contention yesterday.
They say that research shows that the primary language of deaf people is visual, not verbal, and that schools using their preferred method, called American Sign Language, educate students better than other schools do.
But he added that he would not agree to meet the Friday deadline to return more land to the Palestinians until they complied with more Israeli demands for change.
Mr. Summers said he was ''encouraged'' by the reforms undertaken by Mr. Habibie since he became head of state on May 21, after President Suharto resigned under public pressure after 32 years in power.
Summary Substantial and credible information demonstrates that the President made three false statements under oath in his civil deposition regarding whether he had been alone with Ms. Lewinsky.
The soft texture, with chewy slivers of pig's ear, is balanced by the crunch of sweet marinated onions and the tang of lime juice.
Camembert and prosciutto are ''imported from a New York deli.''
You never know what can happen.
Diary B2 Crossword E4 Weather A12
Even with the temporary freeze on debt payments announced last month, the burden of more than $65 billion in corporate debt seems insurmountable.
It is, she thinks, time to move on.
But he struck out Jose Valentin to end the fourth, and retired the next nine in a row.
He wants Geryon to enjoy sex, as he does himself, without the awful complexity of thinking.)
Purdue 68, Illinois 47: Purdue's Brad Miller scored 19 points and led a defense that held Illinois to 36 percent shooting, while Chad Austin scored 22 points for the Boilermakers (26-6).
Ms. Mader, who served less than three years in the job, testified at the hearing that the position needed more power.
One is a three-building, 1.3 million speculative project consisting of office, warehouse and distribution space.
His difficulties underscore the meaning of a trite phrase like ''it could happen to anyone.''
''He is in acute pain,'' Leigh said.
''I didn't have no robe,'' Mr. Nix said.
This was a year where that really seemed to be true.''
As the Schatzes and other residents pressured the police, one pimp threatened to bomb the house next door, she said, and prostitutes trailed her as she walked down the street.
But her roommate -- who is several years older and much more experienced -- earns less, as a line cook at Cafe Boulud, an expensive new bistro owned by one of New York's star chefs, Daniel Boulud.
Students of Plath's own work will find added layers of meaning: many of Mr. Hughes's poems are written as direct responses to her poems, while others describe events she recorded in her journals.
''The grave issue isn't an issue,'' Mr. Kohler said.
Some protesters said it was cramped, airless and lacked adequate exits.
Mr. Hanks said he had several motivations for making the mini-series.
President Clinton was asked during his civil deposition whether he had discussed with Ms. Lewinsky the possibility of her testifying in the Jones case.
The Marlins rallied from a 5-0 deficit with three unearned runs in the third, but Karl and two relievers shut them out the rest of the way.
On the night I saw the show, a sticky, ectoplasm-like substance in which Mr. McDermott was cocooned by his partners was more adhesive than it should have been, and this was duly remarked upon.
Ms. Comfortsaid that if no solution was reached, the state would return to court on Nov. 23 to commence the formal takeover of H.I.P.
When a company so resolutely reflects the vision of a single person, can it survive that person's death?
If we, as the majority owners, give back all of our profits into the communities, maybe we could be good role models for other people in the sporting world, said Katz, previously the controlling stockholder of Kinney Parking Systems.
OCEAN BEACH PARK in New London was glamorous in the 1940's.
Mr. Nettles said that the shortfall reflected not only the loss of the sale to Digital Teleport but also delays of a number of smaller sales that are now expected to close in the fourth quarter.
As Charles Kindleberger showed in his classic study ''Manias, Panics and Crashes,'' those good old days were marked by frequent and often devastating panics, in which even people who thought their money was in safe hands could be wiped out.
Military Deserter David Fagen was one of the African-American soldiers sent to the Philippines when Spain gave the United States the islands after the Spanish-American War.
In response, a lawsuit was filed on behalf of the group challenging the city's policy of limiting the number of people to 25 at such events.
What is certain is that whether you want it or not, eventually the television you own will have one.
''At this point it's hard to use them without being totally tongue in cheek,'' he said.
''We were not interested in the financial rewards as much as we were in quality care and having a place to put our patients,'' he once said in an interview.
The House and Senate voted overwhelmingly to place sanctions on foreign companies that sell ballistic-missile equipment to Iran.
It's a familiar American story of sacrifice, to be sure, embellished by marvelous renditions of Negro spirituals and a beautifully calibrated central performance by Heather Gillespie.
By the time the beating was over, Matthew's head was entirely covered with blood except, as a sheriff's deputy explained, ''where he'd been crying and the tears went down his face.''
Four participants in a Northwestern University basketball point-shaving operation were sentenced in Federal court in Chicago yesterday, with each receiving a short prison term and two years of probation.
With that, the dog gave a little bark of joy.
Unless Mr. Clinton and the Senate reach an accommodation in the next two weeks to avoid a trial, the first stage will begin on Jan. 6 when the 106th Congress convenes.
''I don't want to be the person who is said to have driven the greatest player to ever play the game out of the game,'' Floyd said.
The fans are not happy that the Wildcats are not blowing people out of the gym every game.
Kenneth Starr is no guiltier of truncating Presidential freedoms than a reporter whose article on child-labor sweatshops creates the demand for industry reform is guilty of limiting the prerogatives of business owners.
His bigger challenge, especially with a Republican Congress, will be converting this tactical coup into policies that will be remembered beyond his final term.
How bittersweet to see the game played so well, but in pinstripes.
''People write that I dig through the pickle barrel of the past,'' he said.
In the last concert of its season, the Queen's Chamber Band (named for the ensemble John Christian Bach formed to play for Queen Charlotte Sophia of England in 1762) is offering seven premieres in a variety of styles.
''It has been bad all day,'' he said.
Those that don't survive are remembered in his ''plant graveyard.''
Mr. Palmer graduated cum laude from Amherst College and received a master's degree in journalism from Columbia.
Instead of automatic garage-door openers, there are remote-control gate openers.
Taken to Kings County Hospital Center, he could not recall whether he had health insurance or how he had come to be in Brooklyn.
Mr. Holbrooke, who brokered the 1995 accord, used shuttle diplomacy to get Mr. Milosevic to agree to sit down with Mr. Rugova.
Ted Williams, perhaps the greatest all-around hitter of the modern era, expressed awe in a ''Nightline'' interview: ''I never saw anybody .
The deal comes just three days after Kelly Broadcasting agreed to sell an NBC affiliate and programming rights to another station, both in the Sacramento, Calif., area to Hearst-Argyle Television Inc. for $520 million.
''How long can this go on without change?
The secrecy is critical because prosecutors do not want to tip off other suspects to the direction of the Government's investigation or the role or identity of the cooperator.
Mr. Albert called on the city to construct a bypass track for the J, M and Z lines, which he said would cost about $23 million.
Their encounters with the boy form a dark subplot to Sean's search and serve to amplify one of the novel's main subjects: the bitter, irreversible damage that can occur in the relationship between parent and child.
Tischbein did not spell out the misery and humiliation that this caused.
''I don't know if we were tired or not,'' Rivers said.
The flaming car shot into the air, splintering into shards of metal and glass that littered the marketplace and the charred street.
The tentative arrangements for the fund-raising dinner in May, which were reported yesterday in The New York Post, underscore the uncertainty that Mr. Giuliani harbors about his political destiny.
He then launches into a tale about his wife and her cell-phone company.
The gene governs sociability and feeding behavior in a microscopic roundworm, a favorite laboratory organism chosen for its ease of study and its relative simplicity.
Charges for Water Usage Q.
After he has pitched poorly, his shoulders seem to sag, and will until he wins again.
The loss was the fifth straight for the Giants, equaling their longest losing streak of the year.
The yacht is exceptionally well appointed, with glitzy bathrooms attached to every bedroom, satellite TV's and telephones scattered about the living quarters like coasters.
Its specialty is personalizing the labels for weddings and birthdays.
Rather than be an absentee artist who merely lends a name to a good cause, she performs at every participating school, declining paid engagements to do so.
She was pregnant with her second child and in the midst of a divorce when she entered the program about a year ago.
The effort is well meant but seems strained.
Elated by their crossover, and freshly transplanted to a rambling, Spartan farmhouse in upstate New York (the rundown place and its nonetheless ''magical'' ambience are splendidly evoked), Florence and Solly emerge as Paul and Veronica Dubner, pillars of the local church, and the spiritually charged, if materially impoverished, parents of a thriving brood of eight.
Trying to get my attention, he stood, extended his right arm and called out, ''Waiter, waiter!''
Dole said its third-quarter earnings would be about 35 percent lower than a year ago and that earnings for the full fiscal 1998 year were expected to be about 20 percent less than those for the prior year.
For all the loving obituaries and on-air panegyrics to the former president of CBS News, Fred Friendly, his death forces us to realize what thin soup television news has become after the hearty stuff Mr.
With the committee mired in constant political, budgetary and personal squabbles, even the date of the formal inauguration of the jubilee year has been changed several times, and many events have been canceled or changed.
It's not that collector-musicians (they also include Beck, the Dust Brothers, Stereolab and Cornelius) are fans more than artists.
A $1 billion satellite that went dead and disappeared six weeks ago while observing the sun has begun transmitting brief signals, and NASA officials said yesterday that they hoped the spacecraft could return to duty.
''He said that's where the money was.
That was an edgy morning for Ms. Max and Mr. Fraysse in a building reeking of fear and failure.
An American, Mariano Ferrario, injured his left knee when he leaned back on his landing and tumbled onto his side.
It looks like the classic sweet and airy pastry, but when you take a bite you discover that the filling is made of mascarpone, which gives this confection an entirely new character.
FLORIDA MARLINS--Placed RHP Brian Meadows on the 15-day disabled list.
At first, he ran a fund that made equity investments in small businesses and a nonprofit institute, linked to the bank, that operated some of the development projects.
In the last year, investors leaped to buy stocks of Internet retailers because it seems so much more efficient to create a virtual store that can reach millions of people rather than build a chain of physical stores.
(Rowan lost to Wisconsin- La Crosse in the 1995 title game.)
They were then flown to Mexico City.
Mayor Gholamhossein Karbashi was arrested on Saturday on charges of embezzlement that supporters attributed to political opponents.
The embodiment of such determination was Eunice Shriver, who organized the first Special Olympics on July 28, 1968, one month after her brother Robert was assassinated.
Weeks This Last On Week Week List Fiction 1 1 6 RAINBOW SIX, by Tom Clancy.
Streets and lots have an air of postnuclear desolation, but the skies, painted black or orange-red, as if flushed with the glow of distant fires, are vibrant with activity.
Here they are -- out of the playoffs even quicker than last year's second-round loss to the Rangers, the ultimate embarrassment for a team that finished first in the Eastern Conference only to lose to the eighth-seeded team.
He will not be just a transcending omniscience, but an intellect, with a knowledge of things that are tangible.
Now the Orioles have promoted a young power-hitting third baseman, Ryan Minor, for the final weeks of the season, but on Friday, Minor started at first base, instead of third, because of Ripken's streak.
''It's very powerful, she says.
to live longer disease-free lives have eased the atmosphere of doom surrounding AIDS.
''I was spying on my friends and ratting them out almost every day,'' she said, and the guilt preyed on her mind.
From hockey's immense Stanley Cup to basketball's tiered totems (proportional in height to its players), each sport has its cup, and so does every momentary prowess.
(A long, graphic depiction of the latter is one of the most wrenching sequences here.)
Even Vernon E. Jordan Jr., one of Mr. Clinton's closest friends, has complained to associates that he cannot talk to Mr. Clinton because both are potential targets of a criminal investigation.
He saw zeros, a row of them, and he could not help but be reminded he was pitching a perfect game.
Divx is DVD designed for rentals.
Rayovac, based in Madison, Wis., makes batteries used in flashlights, toys and portable electronic devices.
When large amounts of cash arrive in a relatively short time, it becomes difficult for a manager to invest the money without running up the price of the stocks he or she is buying.
It is unclear how far these cuts will go in helping oil prices recover because demand may also fall because of recessions in big oil-importing nations like Japan.
The bombing plot, which was aborted in a police raid last July with possibly only hours to spare, involved a nail-studded explosive that the authorities said would have burst into hundreds or thousands of streaking metal shards that could have killed scores of people had it detonated as planned.
A year later he returned to America and got a job on Wall Street.
Bryant Park has pledged to work with Seventh on Sixth on the new dates but has already sounded the alarm.
DAVID RAGO AUCTION CENTER ''Lambertville Portfolio,'' paintings by Robert Beck.
Fast talking and cigar smoking, he is an avid skier and soccer fan who once personally bought a French team, Olympique Marseille, to keep it from falling into Nike's hands; at work, he eschews collars and ties for sweatshirts and jeans.
Mr. Bedford said that the President was ''a very persuasive gentleman,'' but that he had chosen not to run.
''He had wonderful job offers.
The garment's simple lines enable the full glory of the embroidered silk to assert itself.
''I couldn't locate him, and no one I spoke to knew where he was.
And seeing my friends laugh.''
In the past, Mobil reportedly had further talks with British Petroleum about other combinations, as well as talks with Amoco about forming an American refining venture.
Two more Marlins reached base in the third with one out, but Nomo struck out Dunwoody and induced Zeile to bounce to short.
Now it has become a popular cause with people all over the country.
You did not have to wait until midway through the fourth quarter to see which team had more resolve.
The American Olympic team was knocked out in the quarterfinals in Nagano, Japan, with a 1-3 record.
''There's not an hour that goes by that I don't think of her,'' he said.
But I had major press conferences on every one of these situations.''
Tickets, $150, from (212) 243-3042.
Elizabeth Cubero still bristles at how one of her son's teachers suggested she place the child in a behavior modification class and put him on Ritalin.
Why did Long-Term get special treatment?
Euro RSCG Worldwide in New York, part of Havas Advertising, bought Sharpe/Blackmore in Toronto, which has been renamed Sharpe/ Blackmore Euro RSCG.
Denny McLain was professionally wrong for putting a home run pitch on a platter to Mickey Mantle.
It would seem difficult for a nightclub deep in a hotel basement on a busy, noisy corner of Broadway to become notorious.
His mother, who is retired, was an owner of the His and Hers Gold Stop, a jewelry store in Union City, N.J. His father, also retired, was an installer of air-conditioning equipment in Manhattan.
Hilliard, 22, is a playful man of few words.
The looming project has sparked apparent differences on Community Board 11, too.
But in ''Quota,'' Carl Inger's acrobatic immigrant, Mr. Collins's elegant black entertainer and Madeleine Onne's dazzling flapper stand out with a projection that any ballet troupe would envy.
''Air Time With the Fred Garbo Inflatable Theater Company,'' through Next Sunday; New Victory Theater, 209 West 42d Street (between Broadway and Eighth Avenue); $25, $20, $10 (Members $15, $12, $6); (212) 564-4222.
''No one needs a kind reminder, the day you asked me to be your wife.''
Tuitions for such schools range from $1,000 to $4,000 a year.
(26) The President arranged this encounter by calling Ms. Lewinsky at home and inviting her to visit.
13 Michigan State in Champaign, Ill., to tie the Spartans for first place in the Big Ten.
''Judge Roberts has had a monumental impact on the Bronx courts and the entire unified court system,'' the state's Chief Administrative Judge, Jonathan Lippman, said in a statement.
You practically had to climb inside to get it going.
He was a prose machine, a futuristic piston, pumping out lucrative sentences.
The Speaker did not say in his speech how the city would make up for the lost revenue from the tax cut.
Nearly 10,000 blazes, many of them the size of a football field, have claimed scores of lives, forced the closing of airports and left at least 50 million Mexicans choking in smoke.
''This is an issue that is less about political strategy and more about character quality,'' Mr. Cuomo said.
Carson-Newman has a hot running back in HEATH HAWKINS, who rushed for 299 yards and 3 touchdowns on 21 carries in a 47-21 semifinal victory over Slippery Rock.
Actually, she would prefer May's chin-length hair even longer, so she just cut some layers to correct the shape, which was rather flat on top and wide at the bottom.
Holy Name, which has an enrollment of only 200 boys, plays in the top division in Massachusetts and is rated as the third-best team in the central part of the state with a 15-5 record.
One of these, set for launching in 2000, would complement AM-1 by making many of the same measurements (plus some new ones) at a different time of day.
's provide, including time spent with each patient and medication prescribed, did not differ much.
New York: Henry Holt & Company.
The other three Irish cast members will leave ''Beauty Queen'' early next year.
It was so when her father owned her, in her mother's words, ''like a plot of land,'' and it is still so in her maturity -- wed, so to speak, to the continent.
The Democratic candidates went to considerable lengths to curry favor from this influential audience.
One 34-year-old father, Matt Moran, brought his 3-year-old son, Harry, from Queens to watch from a second-floor office on Broadway.
And I hope this will be a message to all New Yorkers that we stand up for what we believe in and we respect all people.''
The bridegroom graduated from George Washington University.
In a sobering reminder of the impact of high interest rates, the auto parts industry in the Sao Paulo industrial area announced yesterday that it would be laying off 30,000 workers, of a work force that now totals 80,000.
In Colorado, for instance, the state social services agency was cited for allowing the friends and family members of patients to translate during psychiatric evaluations.
Jon L. Johnson, 57, chairman and chief executive of Evans, who is based in Salt Lake City, will become chairman and chief executive of Publicis-Dialog, a new unit of Publicis that will offer integrated marketing communications services.
Under cross-examination in his court-martial, Sgt.
The Wisconsin court decision is controversial.
(The information at the end of the report notes that Robertson Stephens was in the syndicate that brought Gene Logic public.)
When the city's only Yiddish theater group lost its performance space after an Aug. 28 fire at the Central Synagogue at Lexington Avenue and 55th Street, the troupe and its fans worried that for the first time in its history, it would fail to put on one of its yearly shows.
After fending off police investigators and Federal prosecutors for more than five years, Detective John K. Wrynn has resigned rather than face a departmental trial on charges that he leaked top-secret information about undercover detectives and confidential informers to organized crime associates in the Bronx, police officials said yesterday.
No one disagreed when Senator John F. Kerry, Democrat of Massachusetts, called the tobacco question ''as contentious an issue as you can get in Congress.''
''I am not hitting my irons that well; I don't feel that comfortable over the ball,'' said Olazabal, the 1994 Masters champion, who saved par from greenside bunkers on the par-3 fourth and the par-4 16th.
Bill Simas gave up a hit in the ninth and walked the tying run before getting a fly ball and a double play for his 14th save.
'' said Sally Pearl, 63, a retired junior high school teacher from Long Island who is divorced.
A: It meets the conditions.
More money than ever is pouring into New York campaigns, but the system of regulating these funds to curb their influence on politics and policy has all but broken down.
And New York is ground zero.''
The enhanced inspection testing system is being pushed by Federal environmental officials as one way to ease the nation's second-worst air pollution problem.
But third is not first.
The 30-year yield rose to 6.07 percent from 6.05.
''I think that we can consider 260 seats a working majority, as long as other parties don't vote against us,'' he said.
Unresolved issues include parallel Palestinian actions to insure Israeli security and to fight terrorism.
A Thompson Connect sibling, J. Walter Thompson San Francisco, is the lead Sprint consumer agency.
The show was mundane, which happens when you hardly alter the style from the season's hourlong formula.
Sutton Place Synagogue records with deep sorrow the loss of our longtime member.
The rebellion was the subject of a 1997 movie directed by Steven Spielberg, who filmed several scenes at the Mystic Seaport.
Roses and lilies were revered as Marian emblems; pomegranates and apples spoke of the pleasures and the pitfalls of carnal love.
Global makes refractories that line steel furnaces, along with other industrial products.
After Houston's Clyde Drexler tied it at 83-83 on a 3-point play with 3 minutes 1 second left, Charlotte took the lead for good with a 10-0 run that started with Glen Rice's jumper from the top of the key.
I think, at some point in the off season, I was going to sit down and think, wow, it wasn't a bad year at all.''
The question of how Nike lost some of its coolness is an open debate inside the berm.
But she has kept in touch with her father, with whom she says she has a loving relationship.
As United States bombers landed in Britain for a buildup of NATO forces ready to strike against Slobodan Milosevic, Richard C. Holbrooke, the American envoy, pressed the Yugoslav leader for a sixth day to back down in his confrontation with the West over Kosovo.
SCHERING-PLOUGH GALLERY ''Environs,'' by the New Art Group of the Watchung Arts Center.
Mr. Kirchner said he would drive past the weedy clearing where the Palace once stood and stop to meditate on the genuine chutzpah of Mr. Daynor's ambition.
Initially, Mr. Marais's great asset was his striking good looks, a feature that turned him into a heartthrob for teen-age girls in his heyday in the 1940's and 50's, but also into a pinup among gays who knew of his unpublicized relationship with Cocteau.
It was labeled a success before it even took place: people heard about it and came in red and white, trying to crash.''
The daylong absence of the $1 coffee-and-bagel specials, the plastic plates of curried chicken and rice and the two-dogs-with-mustard-and-onions lunch had time-pressed New Yorkers grumbling as their stomachs rumbled.
And he swings the bat a little, too.''
Missler says they're beings called Nephilim, the lingering spirits of ''supernatural monstrosities'' created eons ago when fallen angels mated with human women.
And Mr. Berezovsky is not the only one making demands.
He said the declines seem so large because they follow a sharp rise in September, fueled by the publication of the Starr report and other revelations about President Bill Clinton and Monica Lewinsky.
By seeking objects that show up in green and red filters but not in ultraviolet, the astronomers detected galaxies with red shifts from 2.2 to 4.
Nobody need go to Chicago for brain food.
It was a typical East Village walk-up with domestic violence happening across the air shaft.''
''If I make the trip now,'' Mel Stottlemyre asked, managing to joke, ''do they have to take him out?''
Our deepest sympathies go to Samuel's wife, Isabel; his son and daughter-in-law, Peter and Leni; his daughter and son-inlaw, Linda and Stephen Sklar; his grandchildren, Jonathan, Leslie, Caryn, Marci, and Kenneth; and great-grandchildren, Jacob, Alison, and Carlee.
Today at 3 P.M. Tickets: $10; $4 for the elderly and students.
Sweden's women's team continued to dominate the tournament, raising its record to 4-0 by defeating Japan, 12-6.
Of all the Government's affronts that the Microsoft Corporation feels it has had to endure, including a request that it ship a competitor's product with its own, the most galling to many here at One Microsoft Way was the admission last week by Attorney General Janet Reno that she did not use a personal computer.
Unocal Corporation, which leads a consortium that hopes to build a pipeline to transport natural gas and oil from Turkmenistan through Afghanistan to Pakistan, is financing a University of Nebraska program to train Afghan workers and teachers in regions controlled by both sides, and has paid for Taliban members to visit the United States.
TANGERINE DREAM: -- ''Oasis'' (Miramar, 45 minutes, $19.98).
The budget passed today does include many of the Governor's original proposals, including the acceleration of a scheduled property tax cut, only for the low-income elderly, at a cost of $537 million.
Beloved husband of Sivia, loving father of Ann and Greg, father-in-law of Bob and Leigh Anne, devoted grandfather of Allison, Daniel and Jake.
''For every one place they hit, 10 other places are trembling in their boots and cleaning up their act,'' Dr. Reinhardt said.
BRUCE FEIN McLean, Va., Oct. 13, 1998
But, soon after raids on Archer Daniels in 1995, Mr. Whitacre was discredited as a witness and eventually lost his immunity from prosecution when it was revealed that he had been secretly taking millions of dollars from the company, even while working as a Government informant.
He said the employee has been dismissed.
Sonia Gandhi, Italian-born standard-bearer for India's most famous political family, moved today to take full control of the Congress Party, setting up an intriguing battle between her as the leader of the chief opposition party and the Hindu nationalist Government that is due to be sworn into office on Thursday.
''If it doesn't get resolved in the next few days, I really don't see it getting resolved.''
And Republicans are beginning to fight back.
From there I would hike to the park's refuge, which I had been told by the park guard lay some two and a half hours ahead, to spend the night.
President Clinton has said all of the surplus should be set aside until a plan is developed to put Social Security on stronger financial footing, and has threatened to veto the legislation.
''The Beauty Queen of Leenane,'' about mother-daughter cruelty in rural Ireland, was considered the evening's likely winner.
Aircraft Modular Products has a 60 percent share of the market for new business jet interiors and more than 10,000 installed interiors that may need replacement parts.
When he returns, Torre intends to use him in middle relief until he is throwing at full strength.
This one has a fresh, citrus-y top note that is a blend of bergamot, orange and other ingredients.
To reveal here just what they found, and where they found it, would betray the suspense of Clapp's narrative.
''We explored all options with them,'' said Elizabeth Addison, the Modern's deputy director for marketing and communications.
About a half-hour later, the rebel force assaulted a military barracks at the airport, which is six miles from Bujumbura.
Because the detail and texture of this lavishly produced film shine theatrically in ways that weren't possible on Showtime, and because the film's mostly unalloyed subtlety (except in its opening and closing sections) rewards a closer view.
And although Keebler is in the relatively defensive food industry, if the economy cools enough, cookie sales may taper off.
''Throughout this budget proposal, the Clinton Administration has been playing games, and the typical example is with Amtrak,'' said Representative Gerald B. H. Solomon, a Republican from Glens Falls, N.Y. ''Congress put up the money for capital improvement that was paid for last year, and now the administration is going to short-arm Amtrak and divert that money toward operating expenses.''
Other telltale signs of settlement problems: gaps at the floor-wall junctions and floors that are not level.
''I'll teach my kids at home.''
''But if we're on the edge, it's barely just the edge.''
We selectively choose who we extend our graciousness to.''
''CITY OF ANGELS,'' starring Nicolas Cage and Meg Ryan.
And for a nine-room sublet at the Richmond on East 80th Street: $20,000.
Mixed Signals At that point, the retirement of the first wave of aging baby boomers, who are entitled to generous Social Security and Medicare benefits, will darken the budget picture.
''For me, nothing has changed,'' he said in an interview today.
Until now, Bibi has kept the Jews on board -- while negotiating with the Palestinians -- by constantly delegitimizing Yasir Arafat, building settlements and playing down prospects for any deal.
In art, the grid tends to sponsor formalist tendencies; the orb often inspires Symbolism, Surrealism or primitivism.
The world is barely aware of what happened.
He buys the glass in large sheets from a supplier in Peekskill, backlights it and moves the silhouette around it ''until I get just the right pattern and color in the glass.''
The festival's next attractions, on April 9 and 10 in the Victoria Theater, are the contemporary dance company of the Portuguese choreographer Paulo Ribeiro.
The White House hopes to push these accounts, which have appeared in recent weeks in the on-line magazine Salon and in The New York Observer, into wide circulation in the mainstream media to demonstrate their theory that the inquiry is tainted by right-wing money and politics.
But Reyes's first pitch was inside and low for a ball, and the fans booed.
The museum offers one of the best glimpses of the opulence enjoyed by Japan's merchant elite, many of whom founded the multinational corporations of today.
By the time the mackerel arrives in this fishing village, wrapped in plastic bags and sold on the riverbank, it has doubled in price, several traders said.
In a remarkable peace overture, North Korea appealed directly to South Korean politicians today, asking them to work toward reconciliation on the divided Korean peninsula.
''I try to work with images that young people can relate to,'' he said.
''We expect our clients to be around 5,000 over the next two years after the review,'' a bank official said.
''But once it became part of an organic process, after you have spent six weeks in rehearsals, it grew out of the natural chemistry between the two actors.
Sometime after she came back, she invited me to come and see her.
It had revenue of $1.41 billion in 1997. AES purchased the stake from a joint venture of Houston Industries Energy Inc. and a unit of Technit S.A., an Argentine industrial company.
On the Israeli side, one potentially helpful development is the promotion of Mr. Sharon to Foreign Minister and chief negotiator.
For now, the risk may be reduced simply because the banks have learned a lesson, and are getting more cautious with their credit for hedge funds.
Palffy, a three-time 40-goal scorer, is in that category.
(429) Ms. Lewinsky had not been alone with the President since she had worked at the White House, and, she testified, ''I was really nervous.''
And here you are, on the opposite end.
Aside from the United States, only Japan and Canada among the major industrial countries have taken any steps to halt aid payments or impose other economic penalties on India.
Discovered less than a decade ago, the drawings make him a contender for the outsider pantheon.
Her memory will inspire others to count their blessings, not their misfortunes.
Devoted mother of Barbara Eber-Schmid and Richard Eber.
Daimler-Benz shareholders would receive one share of the new company for each Daimler-Benz share.
It is, arguably, because voters cite education when they have nothing much else to complain about.
Some lawyers' groups are trying to ban campaign donations from firms doing the public's legal work, and Mr. McCall himself has argued for years that New York should ban political contributions from anyone doing business with the state.
''While I have not always agreed with F.A.S.B.
How does he feel about those who see him as simply an erudite adjunct to the King, more at ease with highbrow economic manuals than the Bedouin tribes and restive Palestinian majority that mark his land of four million?
Bat guano is killing them.
They raise two questions: When will a Chinese leader decide that to maintain the stability of China he has to connect these dots with lines that constitute a framework for democratic transition?
The Labor Department's employment cost index -- a broad gauge of compensation trends closely watched by the Federal Reserve chairman, Alan Greenspan, and other policy makers -- rose nine-tenths of 1 percent this spring, slightly more than the seven-tenths of 1 percent increase in the winter.
''We probably would not sacrifice one of our own religious early-childhood programs for the sake of secular programs.''
This week he returned, all grown up, for the Goodwill Games.
The luxury of having a lead early is a lot.''
He was charged with drunken driving, resisting arrest and driving without a license.
Peter Ted Surace and Alexis Hubshman, who own Rare, searched Chelsea for five months before leasing a 2,000-square-foot space on 14th Street.
Children can have fun with a trio of king-size ants and giant grasshoppers by the sculptor Dave Rogers made of all-natural materials like branches, vines and bark.
After liberation, he was re-elected to Parliament in 1946 and was named to his first cabinet post, Minister of Labor.
For my money, the United Nations bill is a bargain.
There are no special guest turns from Whitney Houston, Eric Clapton or other solid-gold elves who have received gifts from the songwriter's workshop, but the vocal group Take 6 makes an appearance to sing background vocals in ''I'll Be Home for Christmas.''
The last time the heat claimed more lives was in July 1995, when a deadly stretch of weather baked the Eastern United States for about a week.
Italian authorities have been investigating him and some of his former advisers for tax evasion since last summer and are reportedly nearing a judgment.
''That's why no one touches the Mona Lisa.''
''It's a step I'd like to pass, but I feel it's probably the next one,'' he said.
Tonight and tomorrow night at 8, the Supper Club 17-Piece Big Band; at 9:20 and 10:20, ''This Joint Is Jumpin','' 1940's-style cabaret, featuring Larry Marshall, with the Supper Club 17-Piece Big Band; at 12:30 A.M. tonight, the Blues Jumpers; tomorrow night, Full Swing.
Boston, off to its best start through 21 games since 1946, has won 5 straight and 12 of 13.
When the experts ran my soil sample through their fingers, they suggested that it might be too sandy or gravelly to form an adequate seal.
Mr. Grenci and meteorologists with the National Weather Service said that the unusual winter weather probably had little to do with El Nino, a periodic warming of ocean temperatures in the central and eastern equatorial Pacific Ocean.
Almost half had gone to college.
In May 1995, they embarked for South America.
Only the Miller Brewing Company prospers (you can tour the brewery on West State Street), joined by a number of thriving micro-breweries, notably Sprecher and Lakeside.
''We're in it for the adventure,'' as well as the potential treasure, he said, adding: ''We understand what we have and how important it is.
And yes, he has a reason that only a Cuomo could give.
''I just think I will have done what is possible in me to express about Virginia.''
The ''austere maternal ideal,'' she observes, of the ''ever-present, always responsive'' mother -- a phrase coined by the psychologist and child-rearing guru Penelope Leach, for whom Peters has considerable scorn -- makes us reluctant to examine ''why we give up so much when we become mothers'' or to ask why the most highly motivated, loving mothers often engage in a kind of zealous ''overparenting'' that actually ''takes away from children's self-importance, from their ability to take responsibility for their own happiness.''
Ms. Solero had pleaded guilty to hindering prosecution -- for helping her boyfriend, Luis Santiago, dispose of 8-year-old Justina's body after he killed her -- under an agreement in which she testified against him in return for a prosecution recommendation of probation.
Before that, he had been a brushy, figurative painter mixing influences from Matisse and Abstract Expressionism, and he had made some roughly modeled plaster figures that he posed in front of his paintings.
VIOLENCE: Extreme bloodletting and deconstruction of human bodies.
When asked about the role of Ms. Currie, he said he could not recall telling her to call Ms. Lewinsky about the gifts, the lawyers said.
Although the Poland stock market fell yesterday, it is up 4.8 percent over the last month.
As a result, they said, Ms. Reno lacks a basis to find probable wrongdoing, a requirement of requesting an independent counsel.
k.: No, thank you for that!
''A Flag for Sunrise'' (1981) was set in another exotic war zone, an ersatz Nicaragua convulsed by bestial civil war.
Telebras accounts for 18.3 percent of the fund's net assets, he said, ''by far, our No.
''It all depends on what happens on the ground in these few months.
PATRICIA ILLINGWORTH Boston, Feb. 17, 1998 The writer, a lawyer, teaches medical and business ethics at Northeastern University.
VIAGRA Impotence and Writer's Cramp In only its second week on the market, Viagra, Pfizer's impotence drug, accounted for 79.2 percent of the new prescriptions written for the condition, causing the market shares of its competitors to plunge, according to I.M.S. America, a health care information company.
Tourists can also spot guys with pocket protectors getting into their Porsche Boxsters at Faultline Brewing Company, a Sunnyvale-based microbrewery that is an after-work watering hole for engineers at Amdahl, 3Com, Hewlett-Packard, Sony and other companies.
Styling is a big part of the new Galant's appeal.
Traded D Jamie Macoun to the Detroit Red Wings for the Tampa Bay Lightning's 1998 fourth-round draft pick.
Mr. Louis-Dreyfus was only 42, and when he sought a skiing or golfing partner, no one was around.
That has caused the economy to contract by an annual rate of 3.3 percent in the second quarter, the third consecutive negative quarter.
The staff of Parade Publications, where he was a senior contributing editor to PARADE Magazine for more than 15 years, mourns the sudden death of our beloved friend and colleague.
Not until he was hospitalized in 1991, after being injured at another fire, did doctors take X-rays and discover the fracture in his lower spine.
There is more technology and more things to adapt to.
The author was made to revise his initially honest, gloomy finale to close this tale more palatably.
About six miles off Exit 39 North on the L.I.E., in Glen Cove, over the Ferrari shop.
She graduated from Maxwell Teachers College and taught school prior to her marriage.
''It's been that way all year.
Mr. Franks has misquoted Mr. Dodd and gone over the top with his rhetoric more than once.
Though they are made with a little Valrhona chocolate, the fat content amounts to less than 0.5 percent, permitting the fat-free label.
''I'm a little jealous I can't be up there running around hitting people.''
The ratcheting up of the football spiel is indicative of the intensifying effort to sell sports programming to viewers even when, in the case of football, surveys show that fans continue to anticipate coming seasons.
But as Alec pointed out, Beresford's gunners would have had no shot at the old house now; their sights would be blocked by Cinnamon Falls Gourmet Coffee and the House of Candles.
Representing the nursing home at the committee hearing was Alfred B. DelBello, the former Westchester County Executive and former Lieutenant Governor now in private law practice.
The Albanian authorities would find ways to move Serbs out of government jobs and to shut down Serbian-owned enterprises.
It's a large area with thousands and thousands of little fragments that have been collected and taken to a warehouse.
He graduated from the University of Toronto Medical School '46.
Critics of China on Capitol Hill and human rights groups said the tough prison terms were evidence of the failure of the Administration's policy to encourage trade and diplomatic ties with China in hopes of democratic reform.
All day on the Senate floor, Republicans and Democrats took turns attacking the other's philosophy.
Ms. Mink will face Carol Douglass.
Jay S. Harris, a lawyer for the Larson family, said that Mr. Larson, who died in 1996, had read Ms. Schulman's book and that there were some ''minor similarities.''
By the evening's end, all those jokes come to seem, as that eminent theologian Madonna once sang, ''like a prayer.''
''I wanted it to be the biggest creature in the world,'' Mihail says over lunch with his daughter, Iana, 33, after the ceremony.
He accepts William Carlos Williams's advice that by exploring the specific thoroughly enough one can achieve the universal.
Russia's decline also shows the power of global price trends.
The Steelers are feeling extremely confident after beating up Jacksonville last week; the only reason the Lions will make it a game is running back Barry Sanders.
The chairman of the House International Relations Committee, he observed that seniority has put him in a position to have more impact.
Skewered on a branch of rosemary, grilled jumbo shrimps made another satisfying choice.
McKenna upset the prosecution last week when he did not replace the first juror.
A PERHAPS not-so-well-known fact about the Hebrew Home for the Aged at Riverdale is that it is a member of the American Association of Museums, and as such, houses a collection of 20th-century art, regularly exhibited for its residents and the public.
And yet, as Evans makes clear, this transition was never a simple one.
A ruling is expected next year.
In May, however, it said it would start accepting comments on the ruling.
In lieu of flowers, contributions to North Shore University Hospital and New York Hospital.
''There's going to be a lot of people and companies who are going to say, 'I want to be across the street from Pfizer.'
''It was kind of like a little rocket launcher.''
But small cars remain the biggest segment of the auto market in the rest of the world.
Still, people with impure motives might try to fake their way in.
The weekend questioning of the First Lady was videotaped to be shown to the Little Rock grand jury, whose term is set to expire on May 7.
As the band boasts in ''Intergalactic,'' ''I'm so versatile.''
Germane Crowell's fumble was recovered by Lethon Flowers three plays later, setting up a 38-yard field goal and a 6-0 Steelers lead.
Investigators are looking into war crimes such as mistreatment of civilians and prisoners of war along with arbitrary arrests, torture and killing, all of which are not related to direct military actions.
Last summer, when Fox -- a subsidiary of the News Corporation -- asked Ms. Trench, now 34, to leave her studio executive job, become an independent contractor and go to Europe as a fill-in producer on her first feature film, ''Ever After,'' she did yet not understand the dress code.
''If there's a problem, I'll take care of it.''
While urban clubs embrace bands that play their own music, most suburban clubs feature cover bands that play well-known songs by other artists.
(These jolie-laids are often, but by no means exclusively, female, and they run the gamut of age and income.)
''I will be joining with my colleagues to try to win this battle,'' he said.
Why should we believe the words of a grifter?
As of late June, 94,800 smart cards had been issued to Upper West Side residents.
Adored grandmother of Benjamin, Jacob, and Noah.
It's par for the course.
In this case, the President assisted Ms. Lewinsky in her job search in late 1997, at a time when she would have become a witness harmful to him in the Jones case were she to testify truthfully.
Michaels is at her best when she is in I-am-a-camera mode, simply evoking the past rather than trying to interpret it.
3. a member of a socially disadvantaged class of person ('It's time for somebody to lead all of America's niggers ... all the people who feel left out of the political process' -- Ron Dellums).''
''It sets money aside to save Social Security and it gives middle-income Americans the tax relief they need and deserve,'' Mr. Archer said, adding that the tax cut might also boost the economy at a time when the global financial crisis threatens to slow growth in the United States.
ALSO AROUND TOWN ALL ABOUT ROSES Over lunch you can learn about the finer details of rose history and literature from an expert, Dr. Ed Fiorelli; Staten Island Institute of Arts and Sciences; Wednesday 1:30 P.M.; 75 Stuyvesant Place, at Wall Street, St. George; $15 for members, $20 for nonmembers, without lunch $5 for members, $10 for nonmembers; advance registration required; (718) 727-1135, ext.
Fit a pastry bag with a large closed-star tip, and fill the bag with meringue.
Beloved daughter of Jennie and Michael Berkowitz and loving and adored wife of Julien, all deceased.
''Heterosexuals have all the power.
Galton saw in this symmetrical distribution of values around a mean, or ''normal curve,'' a portrait of society.
Last Thursday Carol Browner, the E.P.A.
But Mr. Malakhov said Mr. Grigorovich had no room for a second dancer at the level of Vladimir Derevianko, a soloist in the company.
An outstanding scientist and a great human being.
With the trading deadline on March 24, the Rangers could barter several of their assets.
''I would hope that someday it does happen,'' said Bohn, a 5-foot-11-inch, 150-pound left-hander.
It's trickier when you have adult children involved.
David Smith, associate director of the office of international and refugee health at the Department of Health and Human Services, said: ''The issue is not simply new surgeries.
Annan, however, denied that Clinton had admonished him and said that the White House had promised to correct that impression.
Ms. Slaatten said that because it was so obvious neither she nor Mr. Meehan needed a legal opinion to tell them that they should not appear before the county government on behalf of the hospital.
And after losing a bidding war with the Chicago Board last year to acquire the options business of the New York Stock Exchange, Mr. Syron has few choices left for expansion.
She grew up in Ada, OK. She received her B.A.
Once these improvements are up and running, the Treasury should consider reducing the minimum investments for Treasury securities even further, at least to $500 and perhaps lower.
The Clinton Administration is consulting widely with countries in the region and in Europe, officials said, but for now is simply urging restraint on the parties and watching for further developments.
They also share problems of authenticity: are we sure that Shakespeare and Bach wrote what they are said to have written?
Shell, which is the world's largest publicly traded oil company, will own 88 percent of the venture; Texaco will have 12 percent.
The developments are usually rentals.
''There was a flight from downtown to midtown, where there was an oversupply of brand-new office space, which was going cheaply.''
Even more that so many flock to the new Haagen Dazs, where we hesitate to go because the sundaes can set you back more than $10.
''I don't get intimidated by him,'' Sykora said.
He said the police are interviewing local merchants and residents knowledgeable in Santeria, an Afro-Cuban faith in which practitioners make offerings to deities in exchange for their earthly intervention.
Smack in the middle of the tangle Theodore J. Kaczynski has made of his trial are two defense lawyers known for an understated advocacy that is usually far from the legal carnival the Unabom trial has become.
Cows are the third adult mammal to be cloned.
People expect us to win; we expect us to win.''
The ripe beauty of the doe-eyed woman seemed at odds with the legendary asceticism of the Jain faith.
These disparities, felt by many black men, ''are having a corrosive effect on our criminal justice system and other government institutions, breeding cynicism and distrust,'' Professor Harris said.
Tonight at 8; tickets are $10 (Ann Powers).
Still, Jones continued to progress in both her academic and literary careers, and she was rewarded with tenure in 1982.
''LETHAL WEAPON 4,'' starring Mel Gibson, Danny Glover and Rene Russo.
In times of crisis such as famine, war, pestilence or social tensions, the Jewish minority was sometimes taken as a scapegoat and became the victim of violence, looting, even massacres.
It's very mixed-race over here, but it's not mixed-income and I think we all have a common denominator.
moments with the baby creature, who loves cheese puffs as much as E.T.
He goes back a few centuries when superstition was rife.
DAVID SCHULTZ River Falls, Wis., July 27, 1998 The writer is a professor of political science at the University of Wisconsin-River Falls.
There are always some objects that seem eternally modern, that are premodern signs of modernity: Cycladic idols and African sculpture, certain Japanese screens, Amish quilts and Navajo weaving.
Penn State's defense simply could not stop Taylor.
''I'm a crook -- don't trust me,'' she quoted Mrs. Kimes as saying.
On the back side I decided to be more aggressive.
After the printer fixed the menus, that was the end of it, as far as Mr. Dumankaya was concerned.
Still, he has been singularly uninterested in Ms. Swenson's specialty, the bel canto repertory.
The museum, which said it was still researching the Rosenbergs' claim, essentially asked the family to sue so that it could reach a comprehensive settlement that would include Knoedler & Company, the Manhattan art dealer, which purchased the painting in Paris in 1954, said the Rosenbergs' lawyer, Laura B. Hoguet.
Mike Alstott's 2-yard touchdown run with just over five minutes to play made it 27-15.
Many Zapatista communities refused any Government aid.
One result is that election costs are exploding, Mr. Gimenez and other experts said, although there are no reliable statistics.
Since then, Mr. Godin -- whose refrigerator on this particular day contained several bottles of wine, a tart and two cans of whipped cream -- has made his reputation through pie-throwing and his living through writing, criticism and acting (among other films, he has appeared in the acclaimed ''Sexual Life of the Belgians,'' directed by Mr. Bucquoy).
Hours: Tuesdays through Sundays, 10 A.M. to 4 P.M.
''It sorted of wafted up into your apartment or hotel window.''
This legislation had bipartisan support in the Texas Legislature.
General market cereal ads are divided between the Leo Burnett USA unit of the Leo Burnett Company in Chicago and the J. Walter Thompson USA unit of the J. Walter Thompson Company in New York, part of WPP Group P.L.C.
GUILD OF CREATIVE ART Pastel paintings by Barbara Grena, Ann Danieli, and Marlene Sanger.
Tangela Smith contributed 16 points, 9 rebounds and 5 blocks as Iowa (10-8 over all, 7-2 Big Ten) beat Illinois for the 14th straight time at home.
The problem is, in a market like the current one, Internet companies are going public that have no business being public.
His latest compact disk was released recently, and it fuses two disparate musical forms into one innovative work.
Since last year, Lucent has acquired six related companies.
Why do people make mistakes?
Many individual Internet services have begun to amass detailed records of who uses their sites and how they use them.
After two years in Los Angeles, Mr. Harris left the Mehtas' employ to attend law school, and Ms. McDougal replaced him at a salary of $38,000.
You can begin with a dish of edamame, fresh salted soy beans still in their pods, and cold sake, served in a salt-edged cedar box that somehow makes the flavor of the sake seem even purer.
It may take a graphic video of the President and Monica Lewinsky not having sex while not being alone in the White House to get the nation's viewers to tune in now.
''He wakes up at 6 A.M. to play before school.
He said that the drinking water on the farm was contaminated when a dead cat was tossed into the well.
In these strange days in Congress, Mr. Gephardt says he has been trying to write down his thoughts about politics, working on airplanes or before going to bed.
Other community leaders said the aggressive police action had the unfortunate effect of making Harlem residents more angry at the city than at Mr. Muhammad and others who spewed invective at the rally.
If a striker had scored two goals in a World Cup semifinal, it would have been considered exceptional.
Bill Guttentag, independent film maker.
By late 1992, Dr. Menczer estimated that the postal service had received more than 10,000 signatures in support of a Wells stamp.
The burnt papers rose, like black moths, as high as the ceiling.''
This ''city of indulgence,'' as W. H. Auden called it, has been, variously, the Western gateway to China, the busy nexus of international trade in the 17th century, the center of education for the Jesuits' Far Eastern missions, a sleepy summer retreat for 19th-century Hong Kong tycoons and, lately, a rather louche spot best known for triad wars and gambling.
The company, he said, is planning to open two or three more stores in the borough in the next couple of years.
Inside, ceiling heights range from 14 to 18 feet.
''We have more and more low-sugar categories,'' said Candy Crider, a home economics teacher on the panel.
Representative Henry J. Hyde, the Illinois Republican who heads the committee, told reporters that aides had made good progress, going through all but 4 of the 16 remaining boxes.
The Mayor's budget has room for a little give in these and other areas, but to quote Mr. Giuliani, ''the mere fact that we have surpluses doesn't mean we can just wildly and crazily spend money.''
Appropriately, in French its name, DS, is a homonym for deesse -- goddess.
Much of Laurelton Hall's fantasy character was due to Tiffany's fondness for Oriental sources of inspiration.
The height is the basis for the incremental division of the paintings' content into smaller units expressed as waves.
In ''Spring Night, Greenwich Village'' (1930), for example, passers-by cast long silhouettes on the sidewalk in the light cast by storefronts.
It is not until 2001 that the surplus amounts to much -- $14 billion, growing to $69 billion in 2002.
''Tough decisions lie ahead on welfare, and they will not be popular,'' he wrote the next day in the mass tabloid The Sun.
After the coup last May, as the generals turned more brutal and the killing mounted, Washington and other governments were despairing of what to do.
Viewed from left to right, the first image, created in 1986, is little more than a pale yellow moon on a white background.
''Four years ago,'' Mr. Peck said, ''they were at best a mediocre manufacturer.
We just need to make a few adjustments, and see what happens.
ON-LINE services for alumni can take many forms.
A five-judge panel will choose a winner on Oct. 27.
1 at the box office for 14 weeks and has grossed a record $1.2 billion around the world, including $495 million in the United States.
Wood mulch is piled over the planted site, and crews are on to the next job.
I want to have kids some day, and I don't want them to go through what I did.
Grandmother of Sloan Castleman, Sean, Ellen Crowley, Hillary, Colin, Elizabeth, Jennifer, and Mathew Carroll.
721 Cookman Avenue, Asbury Park.
Doctors rely heavily on such staging systems to give prognoses.
STRANGERS AMONG US How Latino Immigration Is Transforming America.
''This was a very important win because it was the first match of the World Cup.''
Dick Bosman, the Texas pitching coach, had already gone to the mound, and his Yankees counterpart turned to Manager Joe Torre.
''If we need to reach 10,000 people with a particular medical condition, say multiple sclerosis, we can do so virtually overnight,'' Mr. Bayer said.
The Monopoly Game was originally released in 1935, when the fantasy of getting rich quick, or even just getting a break with free parking, entertained people during the hardships of the Depression.
In the 1960's the New York branch acquired a mansion at 129 East 73d Street, and under Mr. Grubel's leadership its archives and library were expanded.
In the New York case, Ms. Seong has told the police that Mr. Ko confessed to her that he killed Ms. Hong.
''He's desperately worried about the money,'' this adviser said, referring to a $110 million Republican Party advantage in fund-raising in this election.
Gatekeepers are reluctant to give up control to the sons and daughters now looking over their shoulders.
Eastman Kodak agreed to buy the Imation Corporation's medical imaging business for $520 million in cash.
The documents' contents were first reported today by The Washington Post.
An American woman released in Colombia after spending a month as a captive of leftist rebels, who continue to hold two American men, including one from New York City, said yesterday that she had no regrets about coming to Colombia for the bird-watching trip that resulted in her abduction.
He said it used food simply ''as a metaphor for the struggle of the artist in contemporary society.''
''You've seen one grand jury, you've seen them all,'' he said.
Mr. Danielpour's newest work, ''Elegies,'' will be performed on Thursday evening at Carnegie Hall by the mezzo-soprano Frederica von Stade, the baritone Thomas Hampson and the Jacksonville Symphony Orchestra, conducted by Roger Nierenberg.
She is the daughter of Dr. and Mrs. Esmail Shokraii of Blacksburg, Va.
Backers began to fear the park was being frittered away, piece by piece.
''I've been in some tight situations, I guess,'' Royal said.
They should watch for symptoms of pain, fatigue or overuse.
Pay and Shareholder Value: Helping the U.S.
The partners determined that the bulbs blew out prematurely because the city's aging electrical systems were prone to power surges, so they used a different filament design.
It's amazing what Maron manages to pack into the whodunit format: soft-focus scenes of a country summer, witty descriptions of fractious families and feuding neighbors, and wonderful anecdotes about the legendary locals who can dowse a well and talk the warts off your hand.
The Clinton Administration has made it known that it believes China's human rights record has improved in recent years.
But could we instruct him in how to protect himself against hatred?
Think New Ideas in New York said yesterday that it had acquired Herring/Newman Inc., one of the largest agencies in Seattle, for $3 million in cash and stock.
How, pray tell, could he accomplish such a thing anyway?
3 46 UNDER THE TUSCAN SUN, by Frances Mayes.
Soon, Ms. Bender's life became filled with handcrafted cereal bowls, comfortable couches and love poetry; Mr. Sagar wrote her a poem a day.
(A prominent New York dealer in Chinese art was brought in as a consultant, to considerable art world head-wagging.)
The two doctors planned to catch the same flight for Sydney.
Paul R. Langevin, the president of the New Jersey Association of Health Plans, which represents the state's 11 largest H.M.O.
''Whether there's a museum or not, there will be a substation because it is operationally right to have a substation there.''
The dialogues often wander as freely as the vignettes, and we are treated to the author's pet enthusiasms and peeves on a variety of utterly unrelated subjects.
First, I'm told that speaking as she did in confidence, and reporting what I told her privately, Monica reported that I absolutely denied all of Paula Jones's charges.
But officials close to Mr. Clinton insist that it is Ms. Tripp who betrayed Ms. Lewinsky -- and that it is the independent counsel, Kenneth W. Starr, who is bullying her.
This season the Gaels are without both.
''You call Al D'Amato, and Al D'Amato will call someone like me.''
But rather than pull it out, the plant was given one last chance with an application of this bio-stimulant diluted in the watering can.
Normally, Allan Houston would have taken a table with some friends and sat quietly eating an appetizer.
HaRav Yitzchok Feigelstock Rosh HaYeshiva Rabbi Shlomo Lesin Executive Vice President
The Devils are not expected to make any major moves.
And M& C Saatchi named Robert Fletcher as executive chairman and managing partner of its New York office.
Craig Biggio made a costly double error and also grounded into a double play for the first time since Sept. 19, 1996, ending a streak of 658 at-bats without one.
Ms. Armbrust said, ''The tickler is Paul Allen's expectation of transactional revenue, if you are looking for a handle in understanding why he is paying these multiples.''
The search for longevity has long been mired in scientific disrepute.
''I came here then,'' she said, again speaking through a relay of family interpreters, ''and I have been here ever since.''
He does not think New York will ultimately be home to him.
's lawyer, Bettina E. Munson.
Mr. Gonzalez acknowledged his friendship with Eduardo Gonzalez Quirarte, a Guadalajara trafficker associated with the Juarez cartel, referring to him in the interviews with an affectionate nickname, Lalo.
There are 1,708 radio stations worldwide with streaming audio, up from 763 a year ago, said BRS Media, an Internet radio consulting agency.
Realistically, they say, India's nuclear delivery system is likely to consist for several years of air force fighter-bombers.
The throw was terrible, bouncing past Cirillo into left, and Williams came home with the deciding run.
Mr. Visconti is looking to move, partly because he is disgusted with the dog episode.
To fill a class of 383, Stanford sifted through 6,336 applications.
If NASA chooses to extend the mission, the ion drive will propel the spacecraft by two comets in 2001, Wilson-Harrington in January and Borrelly in September.
Is the rule of law less significant today than 25 years ago?
This spring Mr. Baesler stepped out of the pack.
''But we have pretty much learned to ignore it.
Skating as a form of artistic expression is not a new concept and the Next Ice Age, based in Baltimore, is not the only troupe devoted to new choreography on ice.
Until recently, the campaign to compensate workers was largely the preserve of a University of Bremen lecturer, Klaus von Munchhausen, who began raising the clamor about the obligations of Volkswagen, Siemens and scores of other companies.
Now it is worth 40 percent more, and the bidding may not be over.
It's a part of the man's life, and as scholars it's wrong to ignore evidence that is there.
It has not been used since an incident in March, undergoing inspections and court review for the last year.
In response to an objection by Mr. Davis to cameras being trained on a playground in a section of the city where many people are members of minority groups but not on playgrounds in white areas, the Mayor observed that the cameras would protect mothers and their children from interlopers in areas where crime is considered prevalent.
Such worries, during an era of corporate layoffs, fueled the debate five years ago over whether the Government should take charge of the nation's health care system.
The Republicans have demanded less secrecy in I.M.F.lending decisions, an end to below-market loans to foreign governments and shorter-repayment terms, with perhaps a one-year maximum.
But a certain arbitrariness is unavoidable in a synoptic history of this kind.
The good aspects of the Afro-Americanization of white-suburban-heavy music are mostly theoretical (Rage Against the Machine, not on the bill, is a complicated exception); in practice, Sevendust, Coal Chamber, Kilgore and Limp Bizkit, all of whom played the festival, make indistinguishably leaden songs that are all about the constant whomping downstroke.
THE BEACH: The History of Paradise on Earth.
It bottomed out at .256 last year, which the Phillies said was due mainly to a thumb injury.
Soon the Rothschilds were floating government bonds on a much larger scale -- and then speculating in them.
Yet he is haunted by a chance encounter and its disregarded omen.
''I never thought of that,'' says Hildebrand, a Democrat.
''I've always been affected by the power of the sea,'' she says.
After Mr. Harding's death in 1923, his Vice President, Calvin Coolidge, succeeded him and restored respectability to a White House blackened by Teapot Dome and other scandals.
Maybe they wouldn't study; much of it comes down to that, doesn't it?
As soon as there's too many black-and-white ones, they won't stand out anymore.''
The fifth commissioner, Mary L. Azcuenaga, was not there to vote.
She sneaked off to school before breakfast, so that no one could question where she was going.
Among the most useful of ATI's tools is a feature that continuously scans the channels available and builds a grid of thumbnail images of what is playing on each channel at that moment.
''It would have permanent exhibition space to show two shows a year, one that would be up for a year and the other for six months,'' Dr. Piotrovsky said.
In 1953, someone took a chance on me.
So revivals deserve a place on the Great White Way.
The next day, the three-day Southport/Westport Antiques Show opened at the Fairfield County Hunt Club in Westport.
''The body has great lines, and floral prints basically interupt those lines.''
As he spoke, a group of women -- most looking dejected -- filed out of the room.
This would be no defect if the behavior were in some way relevant to the economic principles of tie-ins.
If a parent needs to move an infant down the hall, he or she must do so by pushing the bassinet.
''Now with random assignment some of those traditional images have broken up, maybe for the better, maybe for the worse,'' Professor Bossert said.
She said the center ''still has a musty feel'' thanks to its traditional hodgepodge of bargain stores and tourist emporiums.
Prosecutors said the second scheme, which lasted from 1988 to March of this year, cost the city $776,000.
He and his colleagues randomly assigned spouses to take the same or opposite sides in two local issues, imposition of rent controls and stricter university admissions requirements.
Their preference is light industry, for which the property is zoned, or housing.
That rally was organized by a small group based in Kansas City, Kan., called the Voices United for Israel.
Like the other members of the creative team, he felt from the start that what would justify the project was a fresh perspective on the material.
''It was on a double bill with 'Bomba, Jungle Boy.'
She was elected Rensselaer County District Attorney in 1992 and re-elected in 1995.
O'Neill stole second uncontested and Bernie Williams walked, filling the bases; Ogea's pitch total was at 18 and counting.
That assistance, they said, would have to include additional resources from the State Legislature to provide remedial services, as well as the lawmakers' permission and financing to extend the school year by perhaps 20 days.
Advertising this event, sponsored by VH1/Time Warner Cable, as the kickoff for the ''U98 Budokan World Tour'' is either a particularly bitter slice of self-directed irony or a blatant grab for the nostalgia vote, since the band that invented Midwestern glam punk hasn't seen many shining moments since storming the charts with the ''Live at Budokan'' album in 1979.
''It's my job to show the Giants fans that they didn't waste a pick,'' Williams said.
With Mr. Kohl already being blamed for Germany's unemployment crisis, and with his proposals for tax reform blocked by the Social Democrats in Parliament, the euro fight threatens to steal the Chancellor's one remaining source of glory.
The two-day bout of selling by the central bank, which shaved as much as 6 yen off the dollar's value, began as traders and investors criticized as insufficient the latest tax cut and spending plan from the Japanese Government.
But most House Republicans are hard-liners who still want to slash government and taxes, stop abortions and lift environmental laws -- but do it with a friendlier face.
Realizing that a more narrowly focused organization was needed to gather documentation and offer legal help, he founded the Center for Legal and Social Studies.
Tech will state its case April 24-25 before the N.C.A.A.
But Congressional Democrats say that if an acceptable development plan for the island is ever drawn up, the Government is likely to give the land to the city or state.
People in both parties cautioned yesterday against expecting anyone to reprise Mr. D'Amato's role.
Prices range from about $28 for a Chantal Cognac from the Bons Bois to $68 for Les Magnolias, and the ages follow an ascending scale as well, from the two-year-old and three-year-old Cognacs that make up Chantal to an average of 15 years in Les Magnolias, quite young for a Grande Champagne.
We'd like you to be part of that decision making.'
So strapped for cash is the Yugoslavian Government -- ICN's biggest, and practically only, customer in the truncated Yugoslav republic -- that ICN has recently begun accepting portions of the Government's drug business in exchange for the money it is owed.
He was a hit -- and, as a colleague later said, ''Music's loss was comedy's loss.''
Tests yesterday showed that Smith suffered a complete tear of the anterior cruciate ligament in her right knee in practice Monday night.
Mr. Kafadar immigrated to the United States from Turkey in 1939.
The unit was closed after operators discovered that a valve on a backup system was not working.
Some involve relatively straightforward bets on things like the price of soybeans or Microsoft shares.
Sales dropped almost 11 percent, to 2.1 trillion yen.
Jeanette Ladue of Montrose, who has two children in the school district, said: ''I didn't see Somers raising their hand when Con Ed wanted to build this plant.
Her daughter, Coline Jenkins-Sahlin, 46, is an elected official in Greenwich, Conn., and last year helped move a long-forgotten statue of Stanton, Susan B. Anthony and Lucretia Mott to the United States Capitol Rotunda.
Other innovation award winners include a San Francisco program that a former prostitute started to fight prostitution, and a program in Buncombe County, N.C., that enlists physicians to volunteer a portion of their practice to helping indigent and low-income families.
In a gutsy, gripping film that is unmistakably a labor of love, Mr. Duvall gives the performance of his career.
Best are the big wall paintings called ''statements for the millennium'' that announce, for example, that ''hills are the new holes'' and ''the late 90's are the new mid-80's.''
With one deal remaining in a 64-deal semifinal match they led by one imp, but then lost three to lose by the heartbreaking margin of two.
Hollywood gossip columnists gave the marriage six months, but it lasted 54 years, until Mr. Harris's death at the age of 91 in 1995.
10 weeks on market (Broker: Kestyn-Brisman) QUEENS CORONA $210,000 35-15 105th Street 5-bedroom, 3-bath, 35-year-old colonial; dining room, enclosed porch, bay windows, brick patio, finished basement, 1-car garage, 50- by 100-ft. lot; taxes $1,604, listed at $215,888, 4 weeks on market (Brokers: ReMax/ Millennium; Mejia) FLUSHING $270,000 26-17 172d Street 4-bedroom, 1 full-, 2 half-bath, 67-year-old brick and vinyl-sided Tudor; dining room, eat-in kitchen, 2 living rooms, 1-car garage, 35- by 100-ft. lot; taxes $1,620, listed at $279,998, 5 weeks on market (Brokers: ReMax/Millennium; Royal Kingdom) STATEN ISLAND SUNSET HILL $282,500 4 Mathews Avenue 3-bedroom, 2-bath, 74-year-old colonial; dining room, dinette, den, recreation room, 1-car garage, 65- by 100-ft. lot; taxes $1,793, listed at $319,500, 17 weeks on market (Broker: Salmon) WESTCHESTER LARCHMONT $327,000 16 Cambridge Center 3-bedroom, 1 1/2-bath, 73-year-old colonial; entry foyer, sun room, fireplace, eat-in kitchen, dressing room, full unfinished basement, detached 1-car garage; taxes $6,815, listed at $339,000, 35 weeks on market (Broker: Merritt Associates) RYE $1.925 million 4 North Island Drive 4-bedroom, 4 1/2-bath, 48-year-old wooden house; waterfront, perennial garden, greenhouse, patio, office, butler's pantry, 2-car garage; taxes $27,758, listed at $2.3 million, 10 weeks on market (Brokers: Country Properties; Merritt Associates) TUCKAHOE $202,000 85 Hollywood Avenue 3-bedroom, 1-bath, 102-year-old Victorian; entry hall, wraparound porch, dining room with stained-glass windows, eat-in kitchen, unfinished basement; taxes $3,664, listed at $219,000, 77 weeks on market (Broker: Prudential Ragette) WHITE PLAINS $56,000 30 Lake Street 533-square-foot studio condo in 33-year-old building; 2 walk-in closets, dressing room, linen closet, parking; taxes $1,560, monthly charges $190, listed at $62,000, 24 weeks on market (Brokers: Nelson-Vrooman Associates; Coldwell Banker) CONNECTICUT DARIEN $327,500 14 Mansfield Avenue 4-bedroom, 1 1/2-bath, 68-year-old aluminum-sided colonial; sun room, fireplace, rear deck, 2-car garage; taxes $3,631, listed at $339,000, 7 weeks on market (Brokers: Coldwell Banker; William Pitt) NORWALK $229,000 5 Daphne Drive 4-bedroom, 2-bath, 59-year-old vinyl-sided Cape Cod; new eat-in kitchen, finished basement, new roof and windows, 1-car garage, .19-acre lot; taxes $3,500, listed at $235,000, 4 weeks on market (Brokers: Coldwell Banker; Settlers & Traders) RIDGEFIELD $215,000 172 Old Sib Road 3-bedroom, 1 1/2-bath, 45-year-old Cape Cod; eat-in kitchen, fireplace, 1-acre lot; taxes $3,132, listed at $229,000, 3 weeks on market (Broker: Coldwell Banker/Ridgefield) STRATFORD $127,000 344 Andrew Street 4-bedroom, 1 1/2-bath, 44-year-old Cape Cod; new eat-in kitchen, screened-porch, h/w floors, 1-car garage, .11-acre lot; taxes $3,036, listed at $129,900, 3 weeks on market (Brokers: William Pitt; Century 21) LONG ISLAND BAY SHORE $540,000 87 South Saxon Avenue 5-bedroom, 3 1/2-bath, 70-year-old Dutch colonial; eat-in kitchen, family room, garden house, 7-car detached garage, 2 acres; taxes $9,600, listed at $599,000, 28 weeks on market (Broker: Eric G. Ramsay Jr.) HICKSVILLE $148,000 64 Cottage Boulevard 3-bedroom, 1-bath, 48-year-old Cape Cod; basement, 1-car attached garage; taxes $3,000, listed at $159,000, 4 weeks on market (Brokers: Performance; Century 21 Prevete) HUNTINGTON STATION $162,000 3 Teddy Court 2-bedroom, 2-bath, 39-year-old ranch; dining room, eat-in kitchen, den with fireplace, basement, 1-car garage, deck; taxes $4,100, listed at $169,000, 2 1/2 weeks on market (Broker: Anastasio) PORT WASHINGTON $295,000 1292 Port Washington Boulevard 3-bedroom, 2 1/2-bath, 47-year-old brick ranch; dining room, eat-in kitchen, den, finished basement, fireplace, 1-car garage; taxes $6,700, listed at $319,000, 6 weeks on market (Broker: Accents Better Homes and Gardens; Sandsport) NEW JERSEY CHATHAM TOWNSHIP $336,000 1 Oak Hill Road 3-bedroom, 2 1/2-bath, 41-year-old split level; new roof, country kitchen, h/w floors, recreation room; taxes $6,559, listed at $349,900, 4 weeks on market (Broker: Weichert) HOPEWELL $290,000 24 Elm Street 4-bedroom, 2 1/2-bath, 5-year-old colonial; 2-car garage, c/a, full basement, family room with fireplace, front porch; taxes $7,632, listed at $299,900, 2 months on market (Broker: Richard A. Weidel) MAHWAH $155,500 1290 Paddington Road 2-bedroom, 2-bath, 8-year-old town-house condo; c/a, deck, w/w carpet, monthly maintenance $125; taxes $2,131, listed at $157,000, 3 weeks on market (Brokers: Prudential Atlantic Lambert; Coldwell Banker) MILLSTONE $353,000 11 Cheryl Lane 5-bedroom, 3-bath, new colonial; 2-car garage, 2.3-acre lot, eat-in kitchen; taxes to be announced, listed at $364,900, 3 months on market (Broker: Prudential New Jersey)
In the 1960's, Mexico stood alone among Latin American countries, defying Washington's entreaties to break relations with Communist Cuba.
Devoted husband of Lenora Beck.
From surveys of parents, teachers and children -- and consultations with experts from England and the United States -- an ambitious plan emerged.
''Frankly,'' the self-described scientist wrote, ''we find him much more amusing dead than he was alive.''
The underlying case is about the control of rugby, one of the three sports -- along with soccer and cricket -- that South Africans care passionately about.
High School Principal Rabbi Yisroel Y. Kaminetsky, Menahel, Boys High School Hillel Davis & Stuart Samuels, Presidium Rabbi Zvi H. Friedman, Exec.
It administers two other book publication awards, the James Laughlin Award and the Lenore Marshall Prize.
If the plant is older, or you're renovating a specimen that has already become spindly, you may need a pair of garden shears or a sharp knife to do the job.
She won't tell her age, nor will her friends.
Last March, he says, an Iranian truck carrying steel for use in the construction of ballistic missiles was stopped at Astara, a town on the Azerbaijan-Iran border.
A reception will follow at 605 Park Avenue, Apt.
The market in Columbia County peaked in 1987 and 1988, Mr. Kingsley said.
McGwire hit three homers last night, breaking an eight-game homerless drought, as the St. Louis Cardinals routed the Arizona Diamondbacks, 15-5.
To the Editor: Anthony Lewis (column, April 13) misses a critical difference between peacemaking in Northern Ireland and in the Middle East.
Sergeant Hood said the patrol and Greyhound had an agreement under which a drug-sniffing dog checks buses for contraband at the terminal while passengers are off the vehicle.
(The old man actually let me drive a couple of screws on that one, though, of course, I didn't do it right.)
Players rarely emerge from baseball brawls with serious injuries.
Wrapped in what many mistakenly think is an almost impenetrable anonymity, growing numbers of people say they feel free on the Internet to truly express themselves about an issue they would otherwise be reluctant to take up face-to-face with someone of another race on the job, at social events, even on the telephone.
Even though there is no limit to the number of virtual floors he can build, he said he would honor the neighborhood's very real zoning limit of five floors.
Yet Mr. Franks remains loyal to the Speaker, praising him as a visionary more sensitive to the moderates than anyone else in leadership.
First there are the fuzzed, glowing orbs of ''Composition No.
The newspaper's editors said today that they had appealed the ruling, which revoked Jomeah's license for one year.
The Mets are negotiating with Tim Spehr, a veteran catcher who would give the organization depth in the minors.
''I didn't want to take a pitch that was that close,'' he said.
Ustad Imrat Khan, who performed on Friday night, plays an instrument invented by his great-grandfather: the surbahar, a bass sitar with a mellow, sonorous tone and the flexibility to bend a note by nearly an octave.
The deal would clear the way for the Justice Department to approve the $37 billion acquisition of MCI by Worldcom Inc.
That need not happen here.
At the time of the change, some advocates for established racial groups warned the Office of Management and the Budget, which oversees Federal policy on racial classification, that changing the existing officially recognized races would be complicated and unnecessary.
But on Friday night at the Kirov Opera Festival, presented by the Metropolitan Opera, Mr. Gergiyev proved his point triumphantly, conducting an arresting performance (the first of four) of Tchaikovsky's ''Mazeppa,'' a stunning opera that has only made it to the margins of the repertory in non-Russian companies.
Its biggest holdings at the end of October included Superior Services, Casella Waste Systems and USA Waste Services, all in the garbage business.
Beaumarchais tells him it is about the sacred right to happiness.
Two newcomers to the race, Mike Golding of England, skipper of Group 4, and Marc Thiercelin of France, skipper of Somewhere, also chose Finot as their architect.
The pole split in two and its electrical transformer fell to the ground and smashed, setting fire to an abandoned diner, Chief Mosca said.
The restaurant looks good with its seductive outdoor tables and impressive seafood display near the entrance.
Legal experts say that the Eighth Circuit has rigorously affirmed summary judgment rulings in several recent cases involving claims of sexual discrimination in the workplace.
and attended the University of Texas.
Then the Mayor and his small entourage stepped outside, where it was snowing, and into a limousine that would whisk him back to the airport, where an airplane bound for New York City awaited.
She said that her mosaics in the 103rd Street station, filled with symbols associated with the original inhabitants of the Caribbean, the Taino, allow anyone who uses the subway to see some art every day.
Reality, in Romantic art, had to be seen as colorful, imbued with an exotic or folk flavor, as in the hamlet in which Albrecht, a count disguised as a peasant, woos a village girl, Giselle.
With the success of Monet shows (most recently, the record-breaking crowds at the Brooklyn Museum to see ''Monet in the Mediterranean,'' which closed on Jan. 18), Fleet Financial Group in Boston is giving the museum $1.2 million to mount ''Monet in the 20th Century.''
He's disappointed in how he played.
In the Ivy League, the official line is that there are no remedial courses or underprepared students, but these institutions typically provide help in different guises.
He has painted more than 200 portraits of Ms. Dixit and seen her films over and over again, sometimes with an easel on his lap.
The deal makes Blake, 28, the league's highest-paid defenseman.
''I've got plenty of other things in my life, but I still enjoy playing and competing.
But the information provided in the booklet is hardly groundbreaking.
Who are the Joneses, anyway, and why are we still trying to keep up with them?
How will she cope with the information?
The Ratings Extraordinary, Excellent, Very Good, Good, Poor to Satisfactory.
Barry Bonds hit his fourth homer in four games and 32d of the season, a three-run shot into the upper deck in right off reliever Shayne Bennett to make it 12-2 in the fifth inning.
During that time, Mr. Behn wrote or co-wrote more than six episodes and was writing his seventh at the time of his death.
Glass and Wood Heller Gallery, 71 Greene Street (Spring Street); (212) 966-5948.
One, most Europeans don't like the euro; for years, the opinion polls have delivered solid majorities against this ''Esperanto money'' -- or for its postponement.
But when the team's owners moved out of Nassau Coliseum days before, the camp in upstate New York was extended by a week.
At the Shakespeare Theater in Washington recently, Elizabeth Ashley exuded her brand of surface theatricality.
And it's not even duct tape, which at least has a dark history of being used to seal people's mouths, that is found here: just plain, see-through sticky tape that is distinctive only for being wider than the sort found on office desks and in kitchen drawers.
''The future savior of France,'' writes Stanley, ''was much like all the other little girls in the village of Domremy.''
But Coke could face problems in some markets, like Australia, where regulators might consider the combined market share of Coke and Cadbury too large.
Art photography has broad appeal.
The plan would increase Federal funding on mass transit nationwide to $41 billion over the next five years, while the broader transportation bill would spend $173 billion on highways.
For decades, the name Henry Steele Commager was synonymous with American history.
Along with memories of the past, the fire also damaged hopes for the future.
& W. Seligman & Company, and his wife, Susan.
Governors in seven Midwest states and Tennessee had appealed to President Clinton to intervene to prevent a strike.
To be sure, fear of Iraq's fierce security system continues to constrain political discourse.
''I learned a lot with her, like how to insist on getting things done your way.
Indeed, when ''The Sole Spokesman'' was published, several Pakistani newspapers assailed Ms. Jalal for understating the role of religion in Jinnah's push for partition and accused her of being under the sway of an Indian academic adviser.
Because of his ailments, he speaks in a barely audible whisper.
He said his brother ''may have trusted people too much.''
One season's finals opponent would fade away, not to be heard from again.
She graduated from the University of Pennsylvania and received an M.B.A. degree from Columbia.
The outcome of this struggle could be as banal as ''Construction Workers,'' which belonged to a series he displayed in the canteen of the Renault factory in Boulogne-Billancourt, where it received, as it deserved, a very tepid response.
A brief, vicious rainstorm overwhelmed the garden drain and splashed under the sliding doors.
In 1997, the Grand Louvre project took several fresh strides toward completion, with installation of the Museum of Fashion and Textiles and the Museum of Decorative Arts, renovation of some galleries for Italian paintings and Roman antiquities and the opening of the Sackler Wing -- financed by the American philanthropists Mortimer and Theresa Sackler -- for Oriental antiquities.
Investors turned away from technology issues in favor of such market sectors as retailers and multinational consumer products companies.
Equally, he cannot take advantage of the behavior of his opponents, which is a minor loss.
The Giants expect guard RON STONE (bruised tailbone) and defensive tackle ROBERT HARRIS (strained chest muscle) to play Sunday.
Vaughn is angry that the team did not support him when he was accused, and acquitted, of drunken driving this winter; that management signed other, less-established and less-involved players to longer deals than he was offered, and that the team leaks negative information about him to reporters.
Ouch: hundreds of millions of dollars annually in medical bills and liability claims.
THE FILMS OF THE Russian director Aleksandr Sokurov, whose ''Mother and Son'' opens on Wednesday at Film Forum, have always demanded a suspension of Western (and particularly American) filmgoing expectations.
''Messiah Sing''; choir; Iris Harris and Mabel Hinds, sopranos; Margaret Fairweather, mezzo-soprano; Cliff Hicklen, tenor; Percy McRae, baritone; Robert Brooks, bass; Raymond Rickard, organist; Geoffrey Fairweather, conductor.
His main course was a plate of steamed vegetables surrounding a scoop of plain white rice.
Aaron Rosenthal, a 33-year veteran of the city police force who now teaches at John Jay College of Criminal Justice, argued this point strongly, saying he did not think police power should ever be put at the disposal of private enterprise.
Today, Crossworlds has 200 employees and is expected to go public next year.
The rest will come from cash reserves.
State legislators, who must act on the plan by the end of the year, began wading through the 18-page agreement.
''When you come back to play Wimbledon, you don't want to play the No.
The statement was viewed as a threat that Mr. Netanyahu would cancel his meeting with Mr. Cook if the visit took place.
Scrabble players will appreciate the high scores: Game 1: Logan 389, Maven 280 Game 2: Maven 474, Logan 351 Game 3: Logan 377, Maven 359 Game 4: Logan 380, Maven 365 Game 5: Maven 377, Logan 329 Game 6: Maven 473, Logan 419 The bridge program, GIB, lost narrowly to the human champions.
An architectural team led by an architect, Victor Body-Lawson, drew up the plan, which proposes moving the narrow Claremont Avenue entrance, paving over the grassy forecourt, changing the cloister lobby, building a seven-story structure above the Stone Gymnasium, primarily for use by the church's social program, and upgrading the lighting in the main sanctuary.
Most formidable is ''Resting Angel,'' a 10-foot tall, high-tech metal case holding an assortment of figurative symbols.
His voice hoarse from shouting, his face almost as red as his power necktie, Mr. Schroder greeted the crowds with both arms aloft in a V-for-Victory sign like Richard M. Nixon's.
Yet I must say I regard the proposal with great esteem.
Sometimes criticized for creating a star system, Mr. Arledge believed that such stars as Barbara Walters, Diane Sawyer, Peter Jennings, Hugh Downs, Sam Donaldson and Ted Koppel gave ABC News a distinct identity.
The problems relate to the method used to account for expenses and revenue.
''It's easy to say that all we're doing is frat-boy humor, but it's not accurate,'' he said. ''
''Eighty percent of the Net looks at something owned by AOL every day.''
John Donne meets T. S. Eliot this ain't; and Stephen Mackey's murky oil paintings of poets, pyramids and moonlight lack spark and wit.
Nomura Holding America, the American unit of Japan's biggest securities company, has named a new executive team to decide the fate of Capital Company of America, Nomura's once high-flying but now money-losing mortgage trading operation.
The bill passed the Senate by unanimous consent last year.
''The most peaceful place on earth is among strangers,'' he wrote.
I told him I would go to New York to visit an American friend, Donald Oliver, rejoin my Czech friends in Florida and return to our country.
''The story has its elements,'' she explained.
Graveside services Tuesday, 11 A.M., at Mt.
Sales during those years more than doubled, from 35 billion marks ($21 billion) to 79 billion marks ($47.2 billion).
People with the same illness can compare notes about treatment and sometimes consult doctors who join on-line groups.
Don Siegelman, an astute and well-financed Democrat who is expected to win his party's nomination.
''In almost any case, preserving the integrity of an investigation is going to outweigh the immediate need to know,'' Mr. Chen said.
But even though Mr. Li's salary allows him a middle-class life, he said he had trouble adapting to a mainstream American workplace.
Now is the summer of our blithe ambivalence.
In the spring at Carnegie Hall, Alfred Brendel appears as recitalist, concerto soloist, accompanist, chamber player and poet.
''You would prefer that something like this not happen,'' Giuliani replied.
Archer, 58, who won here in 1993 with a tournament-record 199, opened the second round tied with Summerhays at four under par.
Next year, the Legislature is expected to raise the minimum marriage age to 16 from 14.
And while the Giants, technically, have no starting roles unsettled, there will be a few players auditioning for expanded roles.
Turmoil in financial markets dating to August widened the spreads, or the differences in yields, between virtually all kinds of bonds and benchmark United States Government Treasury bonds.
Other recent steps include a visit by the Irish President, Mary Mac Aleese, to Queen Elizabeth II in London, and a visit by Prince Philip to Dublin two weeks ago.
financing bill until the White House agrees to a provision to prohibit the State Department from giving aid to international organizations that lobby foreign governments to change their policies against abortion.
drugs as well as new classes of anti-H.I.V.
But what happened over the next 14 months seemed suicidal enough.
There is now an attempt to amend the law, which would make such an acceptance possible.
What earned Stewart his nickname Slash was that he could rush the football, play receiver and play quarterback.
It also re-enacts Cahill's most famous crimes: his armed robbery of $3 million worth of gold and precious stones from O'Connors jewelers in Dublin and his heist of 11 Old Master paintings, including Vermeer's invaluable ''Lady Writing a Letter With Her Maid,'' from Sir Alfred Beit's mansion, Russborough House, outside Dublin.
''One of the rules is that we won't eat anything that has a foreign object in it, like hair or debris from the kitchen,'' Ms. Bradford said.
THE BUZZ: ''It's not an industry-driven festival, but an audience-driven festival,'' said Jordan Rothstein, the festival's 26-year-old producer.
''It's the first in this country with this amount of jets.''
''We have tried to understand why these icons of popular culture have had such an emotional pull on people,'' said Ms. Kismaric.
The supermarket chain Food Lion won a jury verdict in 1996 against ABC News, whose producers had provided false information on employment forms then used hidden cameras to get video documentation of shoddy food handling in one store.
This fall, her husband, the financier Wilbur Ross, withdrew much of the financing he had pledged to her campaign, leaving her with little cash for the general election.
Bill Yates, project coordinator for the Tristate Transportation Campaign, a coalition of private environmental groups, said the city could expand the use of an existing barge that can carry freight cars between Brooklyn and New Jersey.
In fact, for all the political power of women in the state, Ms. Harman is striving to overcome a painful reality: Ms. Feinstein and Kathleen Brown, the Democrats' 1994 nominee for governor and the sister and daughter of former governors, both in the end lost to Mr. Wilson, who is barred by law from seeking a third term.
The coalition is spearheading the push for legislation that would result in privatization of what are considered commercial jobs in the Federal Government.
The Bengals' starter will be Paul Justin, a 30-year-old former Arena League and World League player who has started two other Bengals games this season, both losses.
First, Mr. Kuchma is ambivalent -- but unlike Russia not hostile -- to NATO expansion.
True, they will not be paid until a season starts, but their union in the past month has sent each player $40,000 for licensing rights.
There are painful excerpts from Callas's ill-conceived comeback tour of 1973.
One balmy day in December I sat on a rock near the Lake in Central Park and reread E. B.
He is the native Floridian, and the one invariably described as nice.
The tally is still so close for Mr. Vacco and Mr. Spitzer that the Board of Elections has said that it cannot declare a winner until the remaining absentee ballots are counted next week.
to include the Coliseum's mechanical and electrical equipment in the inspection.
Dozens more have expanded within the area.
''This agreement is a useful one that needs clarification.
The chopped endive salad on her current menu layers a heap of endive atop a thin plane of quince brushed with walnut oil.
American Committee for Shaare Zedek Medical Center in Jerusalem Erica Jesselson, Chair Menno Ratkzer, President Stuart Tauber, Executive Director
Such a turn of events is known to lawyers as getting Bodeked.
Mr. Hynes's decision to pursue his fifth death penalty prosecution drew criticism from civil libertarians, who noted that other counties, like the Bronx, had not pursued any.
Multinational marketers are combining accounts at single agencies for such reasons as fostering consistency in sales pitches across borders and seeking more influence in negotiating rates for commercial time and advertising space.
Typically, felonies like burglary were downgraded to less serious crimes like trespassing or vandalism.
The assessment was contained in a survey of world economies, published as finance ministers from around the world began arriving in Washington to assess the impact of the Asian crisis and debate how the world should react to such shocks in the future.
''He had an incredible aptitude for it,'' Ms. D'Souza said.
His Murnau is at the center of a moodily reconstructed historical world in which the themes of artistic exploration, politics, war, fidelity and homosexuality mingle in a broth of concealment and alienation.
Photos recently surfaced showing Ernesto Zedillo, the current President, being roughed up by the police as a student in 1968.
He also denied Microsoft's motion that the proceedings before Mr. Lessig be suspended pending an appeal.
''We'll have them attach to it the N.B.A.
Not long afterward, Germany, Spain, the Netherlands and even Brazil, the runner-up, eased out their coaches, while the French coach retired while he was ahead.
In the cyclo is an attractive woman, wearing sunglasses and a slight Mona Lisa smile, who gazes at the camera.
But that hardly settled nerves last summer.
This reflects her association with the Nile, the Red Sea and Miriam's Well, which miraculously appeared in the desert whenever the Jews needed water.
In lieu of flowers donations may be made to the following: Charley Davidson Leukemia Fund, Pediatric Hemotology/ Oncology Clinic, Blake 2 Fruit Street, MGH Boston MA 02114; Michael Saperstein Scholarship Fund, Alumni and Friends of L.G.A.
The second step was to promise cooperation.
This technique works better on some files than on others but it can save a great deal of time during the backup process.
'' Amit's uncle lives near Renu Rani, he said, and Amit had met her at the uncle's house a year ago.
But while American car makers gain ground in the marketing of expensive sport utility vehicles, two Korean companies, Hyundai Motor and Kia Motors, are making modest gains in the American subcompact market, having nearly doubled their combined sales in December, to 22,600 vehicles, from November's 12,300.
A few politicians have tried to make an issue of this.
And most good hotels have eggs on their menus and refrigerators in the rooms.
Following the 1988 collective bargaining agreement, which defined those revenues as ones ''derived from, related to or arising out of the performance of players in N.B.A.
''What then would I say to a cadet at West Point who says, 'When I lie, I get expelled.
Would her replacement, Jennifer Jason Leigh, ever get a chance to make her Broadway debut?
The stand-out in the non-pancake category is the dubious-sounding ''egg white veggie omelette,'' a testimony to how you can make something out of nothing.
They are coming in bunches for the big boy.
But once they have finished their duties at 3 P.M., crew members don their snowshoe gear and head up the 2,150-foot incline of the ski area's 3,300-foot Okemo Mountain.
He had also begun to buy undeveloped land, the beginning of his career in real estate.
By the third week in September, as the markets reeled and Long-Term Capital's losses grew, regulators and Wall Street executives began to worry.
Eight people, including the gunman, died.
''He's like a coach,'' defensive end Reggie White said.
Gergiev has changed all that at mach speed, developing the orchestra into a full-fledged symphonic ensemble as well.
They do not dramatize the ego; they dramatize a mind and the way it looks at the world.
Maybe it's a reporting problem.
Now family members and survivors are clawing at the earth, looking for the remains of at least 13 people.
Court officials have said that Mr. Abu Maizar, who faces a sentence of up to life in prison if he is convicted, made two short-lived escape attempts during pretrial hearings last month.
Congdon seemed destined to be among them.
Leading the list of Iranian athletes wrestling in the four-team competition this weekend is Rasul Khadem, who won a gold medal at the 1996 Olympics in Atlanta and was the world champion in 1994 and 1995 in the 198-pound weight class.
Betsy Cavendish, the legal director of the National Abortion and Reproductive Rights Action League, a leading abortion rights group, contends that ''there's a grand strategy out in the states to chip away at all we've fought for.''
The talks broke down in late 1996.
h. The President lied in his deposition about his knowledge that the contents of an affidavit executed by a subordinate Federal employee who was witness in the Federal civil rights action brought against him.
Lack of a guarantee for King should not be a stumbling block to making the fight, but it is just not the way he normally does business.
It once housed offices and laboratories.
Carefully remove pans from oven, and pour off fat.
She seemed ready to join Peggy Fleming, Dorothy Hamill and Kristi Yamaguchi as the next great American skater.
Around their necks, they wore bronze medallions.
They would only be redundant.
''We've played a lot of teams that scored a lot of points the week before,'' he said.
Representative Dennis Hastert has gone suddenly from being an anonymous middle-level legislator to the presumptive Speaker of the House, less because of who he is than because of who he is not.
But the city was granted extensions by the environmental agency as it studied where to put a plant.
For at least a century, this inlet just northeast of Coney Island and Brighton Beach has been the place where ordinary New Yorkers can step on a party boat and fish for half a day or wait until the boats come in around 3 P.M. and buy a dinner's worth of fish from deckhands looking to make a few extra bucks.
Knight Ridder, the nation's second-largest newspaper publisher after the Gannett Company and one of the few Fortune 500 corporations based in Miami, announced on Tuesday that it would reduce its staff and shift about 45 corporate employees to the San Jose area within the next year.
One seat will go to the head of the central bank, but the bill specifically bars Mr. Ortiz from occupying it because of his role in the original bailout.
The biggest question that most people have about mulches is what to use.
Amy Duran added 13, and Paige Sauer had 12.
New York's Palladin Ever since Jean-Louis Palladin left the Watergate in Washington two years ago, he has courted New York -- and vice versa -- and has come close to making a match a few times.
It will be available at the end of May at $84.75 a roll at Scalamandre, 942 Third Avenue (56th Street), to the trade.
Some had hoped for a rollback in the 5 percent consumption tax.
''We've had people come in who have never met her before with gifts,'' Ms. Dickerson's co-worker said.
Justices of the Supreme Court may hand down the final word on the law, but they cannot offer the final word on the words.
To make agreement more attractive to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and his Cabinet, President Clinton offered to begin accelerated talks on a final settlement between Israel and the Palestinian Authority on Monday in Washington -- but only if Israel first agrees to the withdrawal.
It is time Graham is appreciated for what he is: a solid quarterback.
The Knicks' Charles Oakley, may almost be as busy as Williams, even though his only official task is competing in the shoot-around competition tonight.
Their hope is that the new group will be able to raise more money and appeal to more donors because it ''will cast a broader net and engage more people,'' said Carole A. Solomon, the national volunteer chairwoman of the United Jewish Appeal.
And the film makes up in visual exoticism some of what it loses in character and context.
Flashlights illuminated an abandoned car.
brought fresh details to light, including these: Iraq's peaceful nuclear power program, begun 30 years ago, was quickly turned into a cover for the secret bomb program, which went ahead even as Baghdad opened up its research reactors to Western inspection.
Her entree into the sport meant making sandwiches for the America True crew, handing out team water bottles to sailors and arranging tables for a promotional party.
Michelle Cottle is a Washington writer.
''Finally, everyone seems pleased with the plans,'' Mayor White said.
Now he can watch his legacy in the N.H.L.
After Doug Glanville walked, Jefferies singled to center, scoring Relaford.
Even the weather has usually cooperated.
ROBERT S. BOOKMAN Counsel, New York City Newsstand Operators Association Manhattan
''Oksana, Elena and I went to Brighton Beach grocery shopping last week and that was a lot of fun because everyone speaks Russian there.
At times panache can overwhelm accuracy, but musical distinctions are clean in his filigree ornaments, fluid melody and keyboard fireworks.
There is a luxuriously aristocratic high culture, whose roots lead back to imperial Spain and to Jesuit savants and the Catholic orders.
The Horizon, a member of the Eastern Basketball Alliance, signed Jets tight end Kyle Brady to a one-game contract.
On Saturday, they closed a $303 million stock deal with Mr. Walker.
She described the young women she had met, ranking the top four and their respective virtues.
Or, to give the management world's guardian angels their due, how have the holidays melted the coldest corporate hearts?
Most of the flight budget for its two helicopter units, Northstar and Southstar, comes from a $1 surcharge on automobile registrations, freeing the choppers to spend up to 80 percent of their time on ''scene missions,'' flights directly to accident sites.
Mr. Ivanov also passed on a relatively conciliatory message from President Boris N. Yeltsin to President Clinton, officials said.
''We don't want to damage the farmer's wire.''
But no trips to Florida are scheduled.
Richmond is the champion of the Mid-Atlantic Division in the Atlantic 10 conference, which offers scholarships and is held in higher regard by tournament officials.
''We think the commercials appeal to the young, spirited customer,'' said Joe Sapienza, product development director at Kmart, ''and that is obviously whom we are targeting.''
Entertainment of an exceptionally high order.
Complicating matters is the sale of Polygram Holdings to the Seagram Company, now in its final stages.
Although he is looking for his own apartment, Stewart sleeps in the same room he did as a standout at Kennedy High School.
He graduated from Duke University and received a master's degree in international studies from Johns Hopkins University.
Mr. Hisanori said that to the Japanese viewer, Mr. Vasulka's works might seem like ''grotesque handmade machines'' and he hoped that the exhibit would challenge the notion that technology is always good.
''We've been in a pants mode for most of the decade,'' he said, ''although in the early 90's there was a resurgence of long.
Mr. Joel started the concert with ''Angry Young Man'' and ended it with an admonition to the people in the audience that they shouldn't let anyone push them around.
Well, maybe what it says is that is why three of the team's current top-five tacklers play in the secondary.
Make sure you know who is responsible for PC maintenance and repairs.
''When they say 'half price,' I figured I would come and check it out,'' he said of Direct Casket.
But just as important, he said, would be making the city's safety course a more practical education -- focusing on sidewalk cooking with limited equipment -- and tightening regulatory gaps.
The Oyster Bay parish, which includes a pre-K-through-12 school with an enrollment of 850, proposes to build two softball fields, four tennis courts, two baseball fields, soccer and lacrosse fields and a 100-by-100-foot recreation hall and indoor practice center on the site, known as the Stoothoff Farm.
The fleet sailed overnight Monday from Newport, R.I., to New York City for Race 7 of the series.
One result is that volatility in financial markets is quickly felt in real estate, which reacted much less directly to market fluctuations in the past.
An indication of the interest that the flight aroused was the number of Internet connections made to the team's Web site.
To the Editor: I thought that readers might like to know that while Hollywood was still an orange grove, the Buttes-Chaumont district in Paris, described in ''A Quiet Quarter and Its Crown Jewel'' (Nov. 1), was home to one of the largest film studios in Europe.
Genuine Parts said it entered an agreement with members of the Prefontaine family, controlling stockholders of the Montreal-based UAP, Canada's largest auto parts distributor, who agreed to tender the 19 percent of UAP stock they own.
In studying ways to revive finfishing and shellfishing in the estuary, the council will weight some complex issues.
And the issue, important as it is, is symptomatic of a wider problem, this official said.
Artistic director, Kathleen Marshall; book by Norman Panama and Melvin Frank; lyrics by Johnny Mercer; music by Gene De Paul, based on characters created by Al Capp.
Ultimately, Mr. DeLorean laundered some of that money back to himself through Swiss and Dutch banks, Mr. Hess said.
''My wife is very involved in the whole human rights thing, and I used to always ask her why she was wasting her time,'' he said.
Ultimately, the psychiatrist portrays Hitler as a man who was more than the sum of his pathology, entirely responsible for his actions.
''Steps like this are hopefully marking a beginning of change from the Japanese style of capitalism to one that's more Western- and shareholder-oriented,'' said Clifford J. Shaw, president of Mercury Asset Management Japan Ltd., a subsidiary of Merrill Lynch & Company.
At least 2,000 men, perhaps many more, were killed in the Omarska and Keraterm camps in the 10 weeks before they were discovered by reporters and closed late that summer.
Ms. Little, he said, has a better rapport with the homeless ''than anyone I've run into.''
For months, Aramark insisted that the union agree to hold a representation election in which the 56 workers would cast secret ballots.
Servicemaster Co., Downers Grove, Ill., 10.6 million shares, 9 million in the U.S. and Canada.
B3 Effort on Water Purity The Federal Agriculture Department plans to announce a $10.4 million program today that will pay farmers to stop growing crops and grazing cattle along streams feeding New York City's upstate reservoirs, in an effort to cut the flow of pollution and parasites.
The survey, he said, appeared to refer only to people in jobs that do not require a college education, workers who are likely to be from low-income neighborhoods.
February 1 after a short illness at age 92.
But the writer was in a bind: he or she could not choose either his or her because he or she could not specify whether the male or the female was doing the snoring; the product is designed for either one.
Another free concert next Sunday at 3 P.M. at Manhattanville College in Purchase, wanders away from the auld sod to concentrate on ''Sounds of New York.''
Every artist is shaped by his moment of entry onto the art scene, and Close owes a good deal to the chilled-out artists of the 60's, namely Andy Warhol, who turned the face of Marilyn Monroe into a sleek, glassy mask, and Alex Katz, who painted his wife, Ada, in extreme close-up, a dark-haired icon emptied of sentiment.
Bringing Insight to the Table It's a late afternoon in July, and Scott D. Sullivan, the chief financial officer of Worldcom, is describing one of his worst encounters with a banker.
''The plaintiffs could have opted to attend a different college or university if they were not satisfied with Yale's housing policy,'' the judge said in his ruling.
Most of the projects are concentrated between Jersey City and Edgewater.
''It's hard for a kid growing up in a town where he knows a lot of people to suddenly put on a uniform and say, 'Gee, I'm not a friend of yours anymore,' '' he said.
Cherished friend of Karen and Helen Schiele, and Joseph and John Domitrowitsch.
Her performance of the young woman's aria of quiet despair, ''Ach, Ich fuhl's,'' seemed somewhat uneasy, but that may have been the result of mixed signals with the conductor, the well-respected Sir Charles Mackerras.
John Hey, later one of the founders of the software company Likeminds, started out as an M.I.T.
I couldn't get away with anything sloppy.''
''He had them hidden all over Connecticut,'' Smith says.
''What I hope happens with this film -- because everyone expects it to be applauded in the attempt, if not the achievement -- is that it would encourage more of this sort to be done.
Somehow, this was about community, Our Town, resort style.
Mr. Barreto said he had filmed the kidnapping as a political thriller and character study and tried to avoid turning it into a tale of good guys versus bad guys.
Seeking drug dealers, the police came to the Fulton family's Bronx apartment Wednesday night with a battering ram.
Produced by Associated Producers for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation and the A&E Network.
That opera's subtext was sinister: Chmelnicki's chief claim to fame was his superlative record as an annihilator of Jews, unmatched till Hitler.)
Jr.'' His dates, also, tend to be exceptionally photogenic.
As she spoke, she was knitting a cap, her first project in Stitch-n-Bitch, an organization of about a dozen women (and two men) that meets regularly to do needlework.
In fact, the two-cab company was run by Fred Weingarten of Transit Systems, and it was part of the $66 million empire built by the trio of Russian immigrants.
The Black Man's Guide to Good Health: Essential Advice for the Special Concerns of African-American Men by James W. Reed, Neil B. Shulman and Charlene Shucker (Perigee Books, 1994, $12).
''There's something about the word that breeds commissioneritis.
Mr. Bell pointed out that a significant element missing from many sales by the owner is the ability of the seller to assess the ability of the buyer to go through with the deal.
Richard O'Neill (David Rasche) is in the process of giving up a successful law career to get in touch with his inner being (and God) as a monk.
In brief, there are signs of a widespread distrust of universal and absolute statements, especially among those who think that truth is born of consensus and not of a consonance between intellect and objective reality.
In addition, many customers buy the drives, which have relatively low profit margins, but then buy few disks, which are the more profitable part.
In mid-1996 Hughes applied to the State Department for a license for Mr. Shen.
So I made it, and I said to him, 'That's it, from now on, I'm not giving you anything, either.'
If he ever raises his looks higher, he perceives only the immense form of society at large or the still more imposing aspect of mankind.
Now, they have to because I'm ranked.''
In the voting on March 15, leftist parties outpolled mainstream conservatives 39.6 to 35.6 percent nationwide, and the National Front won 15.5 percent.
For the first time, the society held a symposium specifically aimed at cancer issues in the elderly, the outgoing president, Dr. Robert J. Mayer, said.
Beloved husband of the late Toby.
They brought to the cloistered isle European influences that in the expansive 18th century were melded with other elements to make a truly British art.
They slugged and bungled before 65,763 mildly interested fans who, like the teams, had come to play out the string.
''Joint Commission accreditation is very thorough and rigorous,'' she said.
''Clearly, I would have liked to see a much smaller budget than was proposed and which passed,'' Mr. Long said.
But the analyst's concerns never went very far after the agency killed the intelligence estimate he drafted in April 1996.
But last month, the group that oversees accounting procedures for the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants approved a set of changes in film accounting that would compel companies to write off marketing costs faster than many do now.
The prosecutor handling the cases of two men accused in the fatal beating of a gay University of Wyoming student is planning to seek the death penalty.
As at many companies, the refresher math class is seen as a way to reduce mistakes and keep employees sharp.
Sponsored by the Language Workshop for Children, a Manhattan-based business, French for Tots is exactly what it sounds like.
Since 1960, it has been maintaining and adding to its Red List of threatened species.
He can't focus for long on work or romance, but he is desperately trying to connect with someone, anyone, anything.
design feat was achieved by the careful placement of individual transistors on the chip, thereby painstakingly reducing the length of the wires that connect the transistors.
This producer said that despite the problems beyond its control, CBS deserved much of the blame for the absence of emotional connection to these Games because its production has been creatively inert.
''Then it gets interesting,'' he said.
Mr. Foret was president of Continental Airlines under Frank Lorenzo, whose battles with unions at Eastern Airlines and Continental, drove both into bankruptcy.
A deposition from Mr. Gates, the chairman and chief executive of Microsoft, had been scheduled to begin today, but it was postponed temporarily as the company's lawyers decided whether to appeal the judge's order.
Just a few weeks ago, the LG&E Energy Corporation of Louisville, Ky., announced losses of $225 million -- about $315 million before taxes -- from trading electricity and then shutting most of its trading operations.
McGwire got under a ball on his third at-bat, sending a soaring fly into center field.
She's not at all tired from the flight, she says, and her sari isn't even creased.
Here's his approach: ''The book says that when you pitch to big, powerful sluggers you generally keep working the ball inside and outside.
''This involves financial transactions that were beyond his expertise,'' she said.
Except that the unearthly, soft, ringing sounds these simple Tibetan bowls make are more hauntingly beautiful than anything produced by a state-of-the-art synthesizer.
These changes will also allow the Treasury to stop cutting back on its issuing of three-month and six-month Treasury bills.
D1 Business Digest D1 ARTS & IDEAS B7-14 EDITORIAL A10-11 Editorials: The underachieving Legislature; time for action in Japan; expand the Javits Center; Tina Rosenberg on women's rights.
I don't think it's bad, Elway said.
While Boeing may be working to sell commercial jets to China, it also cares about Government export loan programs, which would help its McDonnell Douglas subsidiary sell armaments abroad.
Since 1997 he had traveled throughout Russia, seeking to organize military servicemen and retirees into a political force that could force the President from office.
Sometimes science and myth merge to make a kind of chimerical beast, and perhaps the most magical of those Chimeras is the Gaia hypothesis, developed a quarter century ago by James Lovelock, a British atmospheric chemist, and Lynn Margulis, an American microbiologist.
Just two guys sitting around, talking about their kids.
The two party leaders say the governing Cambodian People's Party, led by Hun Sen, won the July 26 vote through fraud and intimidation.
I think I've done that with this collection.''
The high weight at 123 pounds and the heavy favorite remained Glitter Woman, trained by Shug McGaughey with Mike Smith riding.
We hope that your loving memories of times together will ease your sorrow during these days of sadness.
It is a sensation he relishes.
She was a pioneer and a giant in academic unionism as well as a role model & inspiration to all of us and we will miss her.
BRAVES 4, DODGERS 3 Javy Lopez and Andruw Jones hit back-to-back homers in the eighth against the relief ace of visiting Los Angeles, Jeff Shaw, and Atlanta overcame a three-run deficit.
Others are taken from the $25 and Under column (+) and articles (+++).
The change, begun last year, has prompted many loyal shareholders to grumble.
In a large skillet, heat the olive oil and butter over high heat.
requirement that radio and television stations seek minority job applicants.
The donations will continue through the end of the year.
Some days he sauntered through Central Park to his railroad flat in El Barrio, taking in the sights of the city he adopted eight years ago when he moved here from Mexico.
''Under the right conditions,'' Smith said, ''Maurice will do it.''
ATMOSPHERE: The tackiness of this standard-issue restaurant is offset by the warmth of the welcome offered by the de Rosa family.
Then there was that other Wall Street darling, Oxford Health Plans.
The titles of Michael Smuin's two new works suggest a thematic contrast in the program that Smuin Ballets/ SF will be presenting through Sunday at the Joyce Theater.
In southern Italy, where unemployment reaches 23 percent and the mafia is deeply rooted, immigrants are viewed as stealing jobs and bringing in more organized crime.
Dan Colonna, a junior, started because of injuries to Steve O'Hare and his primary backup, Dan Madine.
In this era of tabloid television, it's not so difficult to understand the appeal of fashioning docudramas from recent events.
When this epiphany occurred I was sitting in Tabla just after it opened.
Carolina had scored 8 points with 1:16, and Duke was wobbling.
As their delicate, transparent motifs can suggest cellular structures and gyrating paramecia, one can feel a bit like a scientist studying slides.
Gone are the plethora of designated hitters, the awkward third-base platoon.
FARBER-Robert D. July 18, 1948December 23, 1995.
''Charts show that the Russell 2000 is down to levels seen last October,'' he said.
Representative Philip M. Crane, Republican of Illinois, said Mr. Magaziner ''chose not to tell the truth.''
''Back home, if you're a 'techie guy' and you're working overseas, that means you're good,'' he said, with just a hint of swagger.
Turn down the heat and simmer gently.
Next, he looks for a price-to-book ratio that, again, is at least 30 percent lower than the market's, which he currently pegs at 6.1.
Nonetheless, Mr. Cohen said the step would demonstrate the alliance's resolve against the Yugoslav President, Slobodan Milosevic, who has by and large ignored NATO's threats and its months of military planning.
The inspectors were vague about precisely who was to blame.
Third baseman Bobby Bonilla was ejected along with Marlins Manager Jim Leyland in the first inning after Bonilla argued a called third strike by Jeff Kellogg and charged the plate umpire.
At Darden he initiated the Division of Executive Programs and for many years served as its director.
''They don't happen as much as they used to; now it's about once a week.
Dean, Waquoit, MA., sisters, Edith and Lillian Ludden, Clearwater, FL., and Florence McEntire, Stuart, FL and four grandchildren.
The players made the gestures of good will, so why torture the American players by talking of national humiliation?
In 1970 he lectured at the United Nations on the ''Relevance of Astrology in Modern Times.''
It turns out that the first residents of the Moscow area ended up here because they were in hot pursuit of mammoths, the lumbering ancestors of elephants, which flourished here during the Pleistocene epoch.
''A 2-2 game -- it was slow, but productive.
We're hoping in the new Indonesia that we can do it better.''
The City Council voted yesterday to ban the sale of laser pointers to minors because the little red dots the pointers project can be mistaken for gun-aiming devices.
Some larger advertisers, like Procter & Gamble and American Airlines, tried Link Exchange but have discontinued buying banners.
WITH every year's crop of boxed sets, musicians and recording companies go deeper into their archives, hoping to tempt collectors as well as gift- givers.
Bagwell then hit his 22d homer of the season and Alou followed with his 26th of year and second in two days.
Leader Faults Court Kweisi Mfume, the leader of the N.A.A.C.P., castigated the Supreme Court for limiting the Government's ability to run affirmative action programs and for the Court's own lack of minority law clerks.
''Most small vendors base their business on their relationships,'' she said.
The 54,000-square-foot Arts and Dining Building has been designed so that ''as one proceeds through the building, you rub elbows with the arts,'' he said.
The intersection of genetics and nutrition, two disciplines, separate but intertwined, is the reason there are two methods of blood collection under way in the genetics cubicle down the hall.
Or to buy a pack around the corner from an entrepreneur who buys tobacco in bulk and rolls it into tax-evasive, affordable coffin nails?
SEATTLE MARINERS--Signed INF Davide Dallospedale, RHP Jose Klepaski and INF Brendan Kingman to minor-league contracts.
But when he was asked about that yesterday, he shrugged.
Although our planned excursion to a distant country house was scrapped, our forced stay in Bodmin proved unexpectedly rewarding.
Shaking his head dismissively, Mr. Gates recalled, ''I said it didn't make any sense to me.''
In an evening that was expected to pit the big guns of expensive Hollywood dramas against the depth of small, independently produced works, an array of big and small films took Golden Globe awards here tonight, with ''Titanic,'' a $200 million costume drama, winning as top film drama but several smaller movies taking most other awards.
''That their voices are valued.
Mr. Spano reported through his spokeswoman, Susan Tolchin, last week that he was worried about ''anything that would burden taxpayers.''
So was Mr. Mehler's home office.
It is up to police and politicians to insure they do not succeed.
A Chilean Model As a Russian Solution At Russia's Labor Ministry, Mr. Dmitriev said he thought he had the answer.
She'd say, 'You played him for an hour!'
Halve and pit the plums.
Yegor T. Gaidar, an economic reformer and former Prime Minister, said that what Russia needed was a ''credit line,'' meaning enough funds to draw on so that foreign investors will be confident of the Central Bank's ability to defend the ruble.
Peaceful protesters were drawing on traditions of American thought as old as the Revolution.
Mr. Espada and his son ended up running on the Liberal Party line, but they were both defeated in the general election.
By 1985, Dr. Tarter was a senior SETI scientist at the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.
And it goes with your outfit,' '' Mrs. de Caprio recalls fondly.
The unfolding drama over the crown peaked this week with two young women asserting that they were Miss Colorado and the state pageant organization contemplating bankruptcy.
Banks lets plenty of air into the narrative by going outdoors into the Adirondacks and walking us over the mountains and through the woods, down dark smugglers' trails to the shores of moonlit lakes.
''He was an egomaniac,'' Mr. Klurfeld said.
But Pat Murphy, the director of hockey for Chelsea Piers, said serious injuries are rare at the sessions, though Sky Rink does have a skate-at-your-own-risk policy.
The Fed said the 1.7 percent jump in industrial production was the largest gain since a 2.1 percent surge in January 1984.
John Paul has commissioned a fresco in St. Peter's Square and the restoration of the Sistine Chapel.
The receivers don't make deep plays.
If you walk into a room and you suddenly forget why you're there, what can you do to remember?
''The correlations in general aren't that high,'' Mr. Michaels said.
He evidently began to see Tanglewood as a chance to leave an important legacy, much as he has done in his native Japan, where he is revered.
The German firm that tied for first replaced the parking garage with a large greenhouse, while an honorable mention envisioned a large carpet of grass spreading beneath a steel frame, a meadow for picnics.
But Irish dancing is really about competition.
I've never understood why they didn't save for the occasion ''The Nun's Story,'' starring Audrey Hepburn, which opened in June of 1959.
'' The Yankees could start Wells against Cleveland on Friday and shift Mendoza to the bullpen, with Hernandez starting July 14, on a Sunday afternoon, in Yankee Stadium.
Grill the chicken over high heat, turning once, until it is attractively seared on the outside and still pink, but not raw, in the middle, four to five minutes on each side.
Over the course of the next several years, the man who made ballet a modern art enshrined the woman who would become his fifth wife in a series of roles that bear her imprint to this day.
The audience loved Ethan Stiefel's spastic brises, or traveling beats, and overemphatic accents, so at odds with the 19th-century Danish style of August Bournonville's ''Sylphide.''
Beyond that, can no President ever again be assured of confidence in his talks with advisers?
That was back in 1992, when the 49ers came East and mauled the Jets in their home opener, 31-14.
Villanova 79, Pittsburgh 68 In Pittsburgh, Howard Brown scored 17 points and grabbed 8 rebounds to lead Villanova past Pittsburgh.
But the central bank has refused to enter negotiations over return the stolen gold.
Mr. Barzani's Kurdish group remains an independent force, they say, and continues to help deny Mr. Hussein control over northern Iraq.
Some sacred music is directly functional, like the chants that originally marked off segments of a monk's day from matins to evensong, or the Brazilian candomble that summons the Afro-Brazilian deities known as orixas.
The Westchester contingent includes, among others, George Seitz, a master chef and owner of the Arch in Brewster; Jonathan White of the Egg Farm Dairy in Peekskill and George Naumburg of the North Salem Vineyard, a retired psychiatrist.
''Some become a great picture by virtue of what we know about photography, not what the maker of the photograph knew about it.''
Lilly earned $491.3 million, or 44 cents a diluted share, during the second quarter of this year.
Chestnut, who served in Vietnam, Mr. Gibson was not a military veteran.
Scout's father, Atticus Finch, is a white Southerner with a conscience, a lawyer with a soul, a widower doing his best to teach his children right and wrong.
Nicholas Litterello, the pastry chef, a 1996 New York Institute of Technology Culinary School graduate, has created a dessert called the starry night.
''Fresh Perspectives,'' 10th annual juried exhibition of high school artists.
That shows the unity of life.
Wendy is a woman, Karen Kandel, who also serves as narrator and provides vocal characterization to all the puppets, which means that Ms. Kandel is the voice of Peter, Nana, the crocodile, among others.
In this portrait of a woman who feels herself doomed to be a spinster, fluid movements for Ms. Rioja's upper body suggested the heroine's gentleness, while restless stamping symbolized inner turmoil.
Gwen Torrence, the world's top-ranked women's 100-meter runner in 1994 and in 1995, will probably miss the event at the national championships and the Goodwill Games this summer because of an injured left leg.
The houses, a pastiche of historical styles in pastel colors, are set close to one another and connected by straight brick streets and a network of sand walkways cutting through the middle of each block.
''I think there are societies in which geography is very formative and times when it's not,'' says the economic historian Robert Heilbroner.
''Our worries are more personal than for the economy.''
today ''no longer signifies death.
Consider the scene at the beginning of the second act when Natalya, the domineering, grossly petite bourgeoise interloper in the Prozorov household, abruptly climbs onto the lap of her husband, Andrei, more or less straddling him.
Even though it's very structured dialogue, you want it to have a natural rhythm and flow.''
Early today, the Arkansas River crested at a record 12 feet above flood stage here.
Mrs. Aung San Suu Kyi has been under house arrest or close confinement for most of the last nine years.
The leader of Israel's negotiating team in the months preceding the Oslo accords chronicles not only the agonizing politics but also, movingly, the participants' growing mutual regard.
That injury to my neck is over.
A propagandistic movie about the Opium War was screened around town.
As House members prepare to return to Capitol Hill next week, one House Republican aide said the Judiciary Committee had already received inquiring calls about the personal lives of certain members.
But the threats have persisted for so long and involved so many different students that even those not given to introspection wonder what has made Overbrook the bomb threat capital of New Jersey.
Dr. Kevin Hurley, a research physicist at the University of California at Berkeley, who calculated the likely magnitude of the object's magnetic field, said seven spacecraft had been the first to record ''the intense flash of X-rays'' from the event.
At 304 West 47th Street, Manhattan.
Gregory Craig, the special counsel to the President, said a close reading of the thousands of fresh pages show that Mr. Starr engaged in ''a pattern of evidentiary manipulation and misdirection'' in his report to the Judiciary Committee.
People wary of the changes contend that a New Rochelle reader accustomed to a steady diet of hometown news may not feel satisfied getting more stories about Yonkers and Mount Vernon but fewer about New Rochelle.
Many will go on display on Oct. 31 at the Tony Shafrazi Gallery on Wooster Street.
Albania is nominally two-thirds Muslim as a heritage of the Ottoman Empire, but there are also substantial Roman Catholic and Greek Orthodox populations.
without regard to the standards set for Medicare reimbursement is an intolerable abuse of the system,'' Ms. White said in a statement.
With the classical-recording industry still struggling to emerge from the chaos caused by a suffocating glut of the overfamiliar, Mr. Botstein's adventurous programming in recent years seems to have cast him in a modest role of savior, bearing invigorating doses of the ''new'' and unusual.
ILLEGAL drugs are a big problem for Garry M. Ritzky: too many of his job applicants use them.
They reveal themselves in agonized self-awareness and instantly revert to cover-up.
Any work by Hobhouse, a recent recipient of the Victoria Medal of Honor from the Royal Horticultural Society, leads naturally to a mention of works by two extraordinary plantsmen who also received that medal: MY GARDEN IN AUTUMN AND WINTER (Timber Press, $24.95), by E. A. Bowles -- a facsimile of the 1915 edition -- and CUTTINGS FROM MY GARDEN NOTEBOOKS (Sagapress, $39.95), by Graham Stuart Thomas.
Mr. Spretnjak did the tiling at Balthazar, the Spring Street bistro, and Pravda, the Lafayette Street vodka bar, which included a hammer and sickle mosaic.
''Our innocence has been taken away,'' she said.
Christine Todd Whitman's veto of a bill outlawing partial birth abortions, that he was the sponsor of a measure -- still locked in committee -- to outlaw homosexual marriage in the state and that he supported a bill to create a charter school in each district.
* ''CHINA: 5,000 YEARS,'' Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum, 1071 Fifth Avenue, at 89th Street, (212) 423-3500 (through June 3), and Guggenheim Museum SoHo, 575 Broadway, at Prince Street (through May 24).
Her ''Conscience Disorder'' (1998), a chaotic arrangement of tire parts that spills wantonly off the neat wood pedestal on which it stands, is, for all its borrowings, a work of arresting fierceness.
If approved, it will become only the fourth BID in the Bronx.
But it'll be very wonderful when it works.''
In 1994 he sold the collection to an Austrian Government-financed foundation, which is building the Leopold Museum.
Lebert Lombardo, Guy's only surviving brother, who had been the lead trumpeter since the 1920's, ''wasn't cut out to do this all by himself,'' said his daughter Gina Cudahy, who with a brother and sister own the rights to the band and its music library.
If Vendler sometimes belabors the obvious, as in a three-page catechism summarizing Heaney's poem about the bird-nurturing saint, her book is nonetheless a model of a kind of criticism now alarmingly rare, a sympathetic exposition addressed to intelligent readers in or out of academia.
This was the day he wanted to secure his 20-victory season and set the major league record for most seasons -- nine -- in between 20-victory years.
BASEBALL American League CLEVELAND INDIANS--Extended their player development affiliation with Akron of the Eastern League through the 2002 season.
Iran's newspapers carried only brief reports of the meeting, saying that Mr. Khatami ''expressed hope that bilateral problems'' remaining from the devastating war between the two countries that ended a decade ago would be resolved, ''thanks to the goodwill on the part of both sides.''
The Herrera brand of sportswear is the kind that erases the line between day and evening, that trims a pinstriped suit with jeweled edges, adds a beaded breast pocket to a T-shirt, and shows a beaded sweater set with a bias plaid skirt and a shearling jacket over a chiffon dress.
WITH: Lothair Eaton (Sister Mary Hubert), Doan Mackenzie (Sister Mary Leo), David Titus (Sister Mary Regina), Danny Vaccaro (Sister Robert Anne) and Greg White (Sister Mary Amnesia).
is recommending insulation wrapped in a film made with the chemical polyimied, which is sold commercially as Kapton, because it has high heat resistance.
and the Israeli military and work out a mutually acceptable plan for insuring Israeli and Palestinian security as a prelude to final-status talks.
David Solo, UBS's chief risk officer, is reviewing the bank's business after Warburg Dillon Read posted a nine-month net loss of 878 million francs ($639 million), caused by a slump in equity prices and the collapse of Long-Term Capital Management, a United States hedge fund.
The charges could bring 30 years in prison and $1 million in fines if they are convicted.
In the same way, if you correct an inviter who writes, ''Please R.S.V.P.,'' you won't get asked again to Repondez s'il vous plat (literally, ''Respond, if you please'').
This allows mistakes to accumulate that may eventually result in the uncontrolled growth of a tumor.
I've never been one to carefully calculate my career decisions, to sit on the outside looking in.
The Queens Republican organization, observing a Let Sleeping Congressmen Lie rule, had not put up a candidate, and Mr. Crowley's opposition in November will be a minor party candidate and a political gadfly without organization or campaign funds.
''He just dug a deeper hole,'' Mr. Shays said.
You're going to want to make money off of me.
When he had finished a set he went back to his discourse.
The ''Canterbury Web'' page has many more options, including a list of local hotels, restaurants and other tourist information for those who want to make a real visit (which turned out to be not untypical for these sites).
Mr. Weill's supporters say American Express never shared his vision of what a financial services company could be; American Express partisans argue that Mr. Weill was abrasive and underestimated James D. Robinson 3d, then the company's chairman.
Justice Friedman said the city failed to inspect the schools, to respond to complaints about conditions in the buildings and to enforce the law when building violations were noted in the school system.
A journalist punctures the postwar myth of a single-minded Japan Inc., content with conformity and dependency on the West, and instead finds a troubled society struggling to reinvent itself in the absence of any meaningful democracy.
For example, in the name that Kafka gives to the unseen count, Count West-West, invoking Kafka's own description of himself as a Western Jew.
In cases where it is appropriate, the law should require that doctors consult with a psychiatrist to evaluate the patient's request and determine whether psychotherapy would be beneficial.
For the 12 months through February, prices rose 1.4 percent -- the slowest pace since 1986.
Republicans must be wary of the same sort of substitutes.
When the Lady Vols defeated Louisiana State, 90-58, on Feb. 22, they completed the regular season with a 30-0 record, and if they go on to win the national championship, they will finish 36-0.
Documentation would make it the first human cancer vaccine.
And a few years ago he came back and gave $50,000 to the school, which we used for a weight room and a baseball scholarship.''
''I had a year that was my 90-job year,'' he said.
The set's step motif discourages the singers from bringing much in the way of drama to their portrayals: mostly they stand and sing, or sit on the steps, or lie on them.
Mr. Martin's thesis is that Cubism's radical reorientation of painting's pictorial conventions -- its flattening of space, its emphasis on structure and its preference for indeterminate forms, layered transparencies and multiple viewpoints -- played an important role in the modernization of dress that began around the turn of the century.
The commission named former president P. W. Botha, who is 82 and who has refused to appear before the commission, as one of the people accountable for the killings, torture and abduction that characterized the final years of apartheid.
The ball from Eddie Murray's 500th home run in September 1996 was sold a month later in a private sale to Michael W. Lasky, the owner of a company that produces commercials for the Psychic Friends Network.
MERCER COUNTY COMMUNITY COLLEGE Sculptures by James J. Colavita.
So how did this wedding measure up against the one in ''Goodbye, Columbus''?
Some experts even raise the specter of deflation, which could pull down incomes as well as prices, leaving many Americans without enough money to pay off their debts.
Donations to Hospice of Northern Virginia, POB 922, Falls Church, VA. 22040.
Some judges and scholars already have questioned the ethical propriety of any former clerk writing an ''inside the Supreme Court'' book, but Lazarus is not the first clerk to do so: the Chief Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit, J. Harvie Wilkinson 3d, published a sanguine account of his clerkship with Justice Lewis F. Powell Jr., ''Serving Justice,'' in 1974.
No credit cards are accepted; customers get a bill with the shipment and pay by check.
His first proposal was to establish a new children's shelter.
Ms. Chalfant, too, is more at ease now; the proximity appears to invigorate her.
If work by Dr. Philip Zimbardo, a Stanford University psychologist, is any indication, clinics treating social phobia may draw even more customers in the future.
But there are instances where the power of a player has helped a coach.
''If you want to see purple, go to Mexico.
''The economy is likely to be underpinned by public works spending throughout the first half of fiscal 1999-2000,'' the report said.
''But from a legal standpoint, that's irrelevant,'' said a spokesman, Mark Murray.
Anthony Grieca, a self-described 19-year-old ''bleacher creature'' who showed up for the game, greeted the postponement with exasperation.
Soto, a two-time New York Golden Gloves champion, knocked down Cotto twice in the first round and weathered a blistering assault in the fourth round only to lose a narrow decision to Cotto.
But now, after opponents of gambling complained that these donations were were only veiled attempts by the casinos to cultivate future loyal customers, gambling regulators are considering a ban on donations from casinos to students.
For $28.6 million, the company acquired, along with Byte, three other technology publications -- Data Communications, LAN Times and tele.com -- as well as a product testing lab, giving CMP a subscriber base of 1.26 million.
Our financial institutions can go global without going gaga.
Little Kern said, ''I shot it with my rifle, too.''
The company said the plant, to be powered by natural gas, would be built by 2001 in Southington and would be able to produce 710 megawatts, enough to light 710,000 homes.
He also uses it as a way to teach and encourage other blind people to get on the Web.
And they realized that a kilogram (2.2 pounds) of heroin took the same effort to smuggle, but had a street value of nearly $200,000, compared with about $30,000 for cocaine, according to Edward J. Hanko, the special agent in charge of the drug squad in the F.B.I.
During a rainstorm in an evocatively depicted Savannah, the divorced legal hotshot Rick Magruder (Kenneth Branagh) meets a mysterious woman in fishnet stockings (Embeth Davidtz).
The impeachment clause was designed to protect our country against a President who was using his official powers against the nation, against the American people, against our society.
The Yankees will travel to the West Coast tonight with a 73-26 record.
The photographs, taken with specially outfitted conventional cameras, or digital ones, are created with a special software program.
But so far, the Giuliani administration has offered no formal proposals, and several private efforts to develop the 173-acre island seem to have foundered.
Now, Mr. Chubais and other top Yeltsin aides were becoming increasingly desperate.
''But has he done much in the Assembly to distinguish himself above the pack?
Tonight at 8, tomorrow and Sunday at 3 and 7:30 P.M. Open-ended run.
According to Lauren Hower, manager of public relations at Muzak, the problem for the company is when offices or retail stores prefer to work without any music at all.
Randy M. Mastro, Deputy Mayor for Operations, said the settlement essentially allows the city to proceed as it has planned to all along.
Before he began shaking hands with a long line of waiting visitors who know him by the pet name Daddy, Mr. Gawali described himself as man in the process of becoming a political leader.
Among the first-time reviewers, the rate was even lower, at 10 percent, Dr. Pitkin said.
Father Powis led the service at the 87-year-old Bushwick church, reciting prayers in Spanish and English as he entered the darkened sanctuary bearing a lighted Easter candle.
Boots finally lodged against granite, they drew their fishing rods slowly over their right shoulders and then snapped them forward with the relaxed precision of a golf swing.
Still, supporters of abortion rights were concerned that Mr. Clinton could waver on this matter because he is under political pressure on so many other fronts.
The Kansas City Royals developed pitching problems this spring and are going with a couple of retreads, Pat Rapp and Chris Haney, and a onetime starter, Hipolito Pichardo, who has relieved the last four seasons.
Eli Wallach's portrayal of an embittered 86-year-old widower in this new play by Jeff Baron is lovely to behold, a tart slice of unsentimental acting in a role that could easily have congealed before our eyes like a puddle of maple syrup.
In our own time, the threat of impeachment forced the resignation of Richard Nixon, who realized that the legislative and constitutional processes had established that he had violated the laws of the land.
If prices are coming down, the companies manufacturing are making more money.
Right now she has her family and her friends -- and her homework.
But a person close to the 12 states investigating Microsoft said that blocking the product was not the favored strategy of most of them.
''I think what he just showed the people in L.A. is what he showed the people in New York: that the guy's got a game, that the guy has a heart as big as this building, that he's not afraid to make killer plays -- and that he wants the ball in tough situations.
But there have been some predictions that the danger of being forced into a coalition will prompt Mr. Kohl and his Christian Democrats to sharpen their tone and accentuate policy differences in the remaining weeks of the campaign.
First, an incompetent effort to prosecute Gen. Magnus Malan brought by the Attorney General of Natal showed the former Government that it had little to fear from a judiciary still dominated by the old guard.
compiled a very solid case.
The three advisers are fighting the case on their own.
As the afternoon wound on, beads of sweat formed on foreheads and on the men's bare backs, and extra layers of dance clothes were peeled off and thrown to the side without a break in concentration.
He has not fumbled in his last 415 plays from scrimmage.
Socialism is behind us, but what is ahead?''
Raymond C. Scheppach, executive director of the National Governors Association, said that governors gave in to the provision reluctantly in negotiations over the bill.
But even many New Yorkers do not know that there are actually two competing H & H bagel companies, each with its own recipe, mail-order trade and loyal customers, including many from outside the state and the country who order overnight deliveries of bagels.
A draft of Ms. Lewinsky's thank-you note (to ''Dear Mr. P'') was found in her apartment.
Westchester County was the scene of a dark time for Robeson, who, besides being one of the most popular and accomplished artists of the century, was a passionate forerunner of the American civil rights movement.
A12 Dispute Over Comatose Patient A Virginia judge ruled that a woman could remove the feeding tube that has kept her comatose husband alive in a vegetative state for more than three years, but Gov.
''I like to do books I can learn something from I didn't know before,'' is the way Mr. Epstein describes it.
''Due process is due process.''
He is a bridge guy.
The same cannot be said of Randall Duk Kim, playing a bare-chested Belarius, the exile from court who has stolen Cymbeline's sons and presides over a rusticated subplot.
Or maybe it's a jaded byproduct of the arrogance that goes with fast money earned in a booming economy.
In addition, some new loans could be used to restructure Russia's short-term debt, which carries sky-high interest rates.
''You could look it up,'' Casey Stengel once said, and that's what we experts should have done before presuming to decriminalize civil court perjury.
Obolensk, once one of the top centers, lost 54 percent of its staff between 1990 and 1996 but only 28 percent of its top scientists, according to the institute's figures.
The right-hander struck out 8 of the first 11 batters and finished within a strikeout of his career high.
A wonderful and generous raconteur of great wit and charm, we count ourselves fortunate to have known him.
For all the on-line Indiana Joneses out there, the Web offers plenty of places, from ancient to modern, to poke around in without getting too grimy or chased by angry guards.
The reason, co-op lawyers and managers say, is that recent amendments to the state's Business Corporation Law allow co-op corporations to make significant changes in the annual-meeting process.
''Talent isn't a tangible thing,'' he said.
The unfortunate part, I told DiMaggio, was that I hammered the nail right through his forehead.
Although the Armenian minority in Istanbul was largely unaffected by the events of 1915, it was severely shaken by an outburst of anti-minority rioting in 1955.
Ahmad Pakzad, a Muslim minister, performed the traditional Persian ceremony at the Waldorf-Astoria in Manhattan.
Since the deregulation, companies have adopted various strategies to position themselves in the Mexican market.
3), surrounding it with other meaty Germanic fare: Bach's Second Partita and Schumann's Fantasy in C. Then it is off to a more ethereal realm, with a set of works by Debussy (four preludes and ''L'Isle Joyeuse'').
Hooked to their machines without regard to the time of day, or even darkness and light, they often sleep at odd hours, with no discernible pattern.
Their punch comes from the way they trigger the uneven resonances of memories.
All of the people demonstrating here recently had a vivid where-were-you-when-it-happened memory of the closing of the road into the Iguacu Falls National Park a dozen years ago.
Others hang on surreal images.
Businesses established by Mr. bin Laden in the Sudan in the early 1990's continue to flourish.
Mr. Scheck first became interested in the law while watching ''The Defenders,'' the 1960's television series, and later interviewed the lawyer F. Lee Bailey for his student newspaper at Horace Mann.
''That's just the way I was raised: to have a good work ethic.
At the speed of light, it will reach M13 in about 21,000 years.
We immediately reverted to the ball.''
''I'm concerned, but I understand that if you're going to invest in the stock market you can't panic at certain things.
It has sexual situations, strong language and a gory murder sequence.
Did you at any time have any form of sexual relations with Kathleen Willey?
''Her films don't have certain things audiences expect.
After months of arm-twisting, key CBS News executives have overcome their skepticism and agreed to proceed with developing a second weekly edition of ''60 Minutes,'' the oldest and most successful news magazine program in television, people close to the executives said yesterday.
Rojas makes $4.75 million this season and $4.75 million next season, and he knew when he signed the three-year, $13.75 million deal that boos were included.
''It's a revolution we're going through,'' he said, ''and we are part of the revolution.''
But not all analysts are so severe, and there are some in Israel who view such sentiments as a temporary, and common, wave of anti-Americanism that Arab leaders found it convenient to ride.
It will be in the Around Alone, a yacht race around the world for solo sailors, which begins Sept. 26.
In the letter, Mr. Gingrich noted that Mr. Clinton had six months ago ''justifiably'' threatened military action against Mr. Hussein, the Iraqi leader, if he did not give United Nations inspectors unfettered access to purported weapons sites.
Asked by the judge what she would do if she were not released, Ms. Kawaguchi said she would put the child up for adoption.
The art itself tends to swerve between morbid sentimentality (Annette Messager and Louise Bourgeois) and excessive cerebrality (Alain Sechas and also Sarkis, whose cabinet-of-curiosities photographs would do just fine without their over-designed environment).
A local exterminator, Charles Pomerantz, led Dr. Huebner to an apartment where the wallpaper appeared to be moving before their eyes, set in motion by billions of mites crawling around inside the walls.
We lived in ented apartments, took day trips instead of vacations, shared baby clothes, stretched dollars beyond belief and willingly put our careers on hold.
Of greater concern is that on two occasions E-mail sent to the device bounced back to the sender with a notice that no such E-mail account existed.
The commission, however, is not likely to approve a plan that eliminates it, because doing so it would compromise the architectural and historical character of the room.
Detectives John R. Flannery and Patrick O'Donnell had spent most of Wednesday prowling through scrap metal dealer's shops in the Bronx on the possibility that the statue might have been chopped up and sold.
Many victims were farmers and villagers sleeping in their homes when the fire began.
Another difference between tonight's debate and the one of July 24 and 25, 1974, is that this time the opponents of impeachment acknowledged the President's wrongdoing.
''The general question of how the Bosnian mission is going will certainly be one of the issues under discussion,'' Mr. Bacon said.
Although he has not practiced criminal law in 22 years, since he was a deputy attorney general, he said he believed he was up to the job.
Can Reyna and Ramos stay out of each other's way in midfield?
He was actually Lord Chancellor of England, a cunning protege of Thomas Wolsey and no innocent ingenu in London politics.
It doesn't change the power.
''He hasn't been an articulate or viable representative of our community.
Norwood Wilner, a plaintiffs' lawyer in Jacksonville, who represented Mr. Maddox's estate in yesterday's case, also won a $750,000 verdict against Brown & Williamson in 1996 that the company is appealing.
How many secretaries, when asked about shadowy office goings-on, riposte breezily, ''My troika was pursued by wolves''?
But he is certainly by no means out of the woods.''
Much academic criticism, of course, has long been written off as impenetrable and irrelevant.
Although the official opening of the center is not until this spring, one warrant officer course went through in October and November as a sort of trial run.
''I'm not any different this year, although my wife says I'm more intense than I was last year.
In Bishop's one lightning strike of the night, he answered with an 88-yard bomb to Darnell McDonald to bring the Wildcats within 30-27.
That put the surging Aggies back into the game with 7:39 to play and the score at 23-17.
It set a standard, in other words, for whatever synagogue I might attend.
''The key here is patience.''
She also has filed her own corruption cases against Mr. Sharif and several of his associates.
Shuffling and dancing to fife and drum bands, they chant religious laments that somehow manage to sound festive and fun-loving.
The tie appears to have been made for Zegna's fall and winter collection in 1996.
This time, of course, many forecasts will go well beyond the next decade.
With Nelson Mandela, Mr. Clinton ingratiates himself by standing a bit straighter, holding himself with a bit more dignity.
After another consolidation, he became vice president and general manager of Quest International, a leading food-ingredient company.
1994-96 I'd been in the band about a week or so.
Asked in an interview during the campaign what he knew about his birth parents, Mr. Williams said that all he knew was that he was born on July 28, 1951, in Los Angeles.
''Whatever happens in the Clinton bedroom is their own business,'' Ms. Snyder said, approving of a Federal judge's decision on Wednesday to dismiss Ms. Jones's sexual misconduct lawsuit against President Clinton.
The members of Parliament were elected on a separate ballot.
And that experience includes taking part in plays that Mr. Adams finances and directs, with his wife helping to build the sets; weekly cooking classes to which families are frequently invited, study of world maps and many science experiments.
''You couldn't throw the ball too much better.''
In 1962, Mr. Glenn became the first American to orbit the Earth.
Last year's alliance collapsed mainly over accusations by the three neighbors that Mr. Kabila was not doing enough to stop rebel attacks on them from Congolese territory and over the citizenship rights of Congolese Tutsi.
He is survived by his second wife, Rosanna, their three children and two children from his first marriage.
Coming up at Byrd Stadium on Saturday is the annual game with No.
This 55-acre Mediterranean-style complex north of Castries on the island's west coast was a big splurge -- $276 a night including tax and service for a one-bedroom villa in low season.
Loving father and father-inlaw of Kevin and Mary, Diane and Jim Wolfe, Patricia and Gerald Langlade, and Maureen and Frank Pichl.
The issue in that case is whether major league owners are conspiring to pressure fans and public officials into paying for new stadiums, thus giving the owners higher returns on revenue producers like luxury boxes and concession sales.
Mr. Schiff shone in these without stealing the spotlight from Mr. Schreier, and indeed Mr. Schreier was at his most intensely emotional in these picturesque settings.
Officials agreed the practice could continue if certain safety conditions were met.
The Arts in Embassies staff then handled the nuts and bolts of the loans.
Contributions can be made to the American Heart Association or to the Morse Geriatric Home in West Palm Beach, FL.
and auto racing that names and superstars are important,'' said Bob Goodrich, ABC's race producer.
But markets don't always respect the primacy of intellect, and Long-Term Capital's brain trust is seeing a reversal of fortune.
Isshin, 4-21-29 Minami Aoyama (Sugimoto Building), Minato-ku, Tokyo; (03) 3401-4611.
Citing a report in March by USA Today noting that the Court had only seven black law clerks among the 394 appointed since 1971, Mr. Mfume said the Justices were not getting enough diverse opinions when they dealt with affirmative action issues.
The Modernist building was designed by Walker & Gillette.
'SPORTS NIGHT' -- This ABC comedy-drama is the one sign of life in the wilderness that was this network season.
You have your Manolo Blahniks and your fabulous parties and you feel you can't go wrong.
Still, if the academy did not become a sort of youth wing to the main festival, it was because young people were everywhere.
LOVE'S FOWL Libretto and direction by Susan J. Vitucci; music by Henry Krieger; puppets and puppet sets by Ms. Vitucci; movement consultant, Ann Carlson; sets by Scott Pask; lighting by Lap-Chi Chu; sound by Darron L. West; production stage manager, Charles Means.
House Speaker Newt Gingrich threw his support behind renewing China's trade privileges.
Her halcyon years came in the 1920's.
The layoffs, which amount to nearly 7 percent of the company's work force, were announced after financial markets closed.
Moss's second touchdown reception gave him 958 yards receiving and helped him break the Viking record for most yards receiving by a rookie, which was set in 1976 by Sammy White.
Odd Co-Defendants in CNN Case The fallout from CNN's discredited Tailwind broadcast continues to accumulate.